Freeze Your Credit Cards to Ice Your Spending
Sometimes , obvious ways to curb our spending is seldom practiced because we feel embarrassed to try it .
We read about them , laugh that it ’s probably “ just for fun ” , and forget about them right after .
Yesterday , my friend reminded me that while we might feel funny doing something unusual the first time , it is always the results that actually determine who laughs at the end of the day .
Friend : David , I freeze my credit card in order to stop myself from spending .
Me :
You mean you call the companies to stop them ?
Friend :
No , I mean literally putting them in a block of ice .
I was a little shocked once I realized she really did this .
She even went a step further and have the block of ice at her boyfriend ’s house .
She then continued to tell me the benefits :
No More Splurging – She used to shop all the time .
Now that she does n’t have a credit card , she eliminated her unnecessary splurges .
Time to Think –
When she wants to buy something , she needs to drive to her boyfriend ’s house , thaw the ice and then take the credit card to the store .
If she still wants to buy it after all that trouble , the purchase is probably worth the cost .
Still Have the Cards –
My friend thought about canceling the cards but she would lose all the credit history by doing so .
She also wanted to have the flexibility of having credit in case she really needed the privilege for some reason .
For those who want to try this , the process is really super simple :
Fill a container with water
Put the credit card in there Freeze it
She told me that even the magnetic stripe at the back of the card still works so there ’s no worries that the card wo n’t function after being frozen and thawed .
Now that I think about this idea some more , I wonder if this will be a good birthday present for someone .
A block of frozen credit cards ( with no candle on top of course ) .
Update :
This works extremely well with 0 % balance transfer credit cards , because you can just apply , transfer the balances over and freeze the credit card up so you can concentrate on paying the balance off instead of piling on more debt .
This post is dedicated to my friend Jenn , who taught me that not only is there absolutely no shame in doing something effective , it is actually quite admirable .
Two ex-employees of Diskeeper have sued the firm over allegations they were obliged to take part in Scientology training courses as a mandatory condition of employment .
Alexander Godelman , former chief information officer of Diskeeper , and Marc Le Shay , former Diskeeper Automation Planning Officer , filed a joint suit of unfair dismissal at Los Angeles Superior last month alleging that the disc utilities firm made it compulsory to attend Scientology - based courses .
They charge that their refusal to participate in the courses led to their dismissal .
The claimants allege that Diskeeper violated Californian employment law and engaged in religious discrimination .
Diskeeper founder and chief exec Craig Jensen is a committed Scientologist who allegedly told Godelman , who is Jewish , that his attendance at Scientology - based courses was non-negotiable while talking up the supposed benefits of the course .
Le Shay refused to attend the course , and Godelman 's support of this stance ultimately led the the dismissal of the duo , the lawsuit alleges .
The suit ( pdf ) claims unspecified damages as well as an injunction that would prevent Disklabs from making attendance at Hubbard Study Technology courses compulsory .
The utility tools firm responded by filling a legal action ( pdf ) that attempts to remove this sanction from consideration during a possible trial .
Disklabs argues that religious instruction in the workplace is protected by the First Amendment , making the proposed sanction unconstitutional .
The utilities tool firm ( formerly known as Executive Software ) is no stranger to controversy over its chief exec 's adherence to Scientology .
The inclusion of the Diskeeper utility in Windows 2000 sparked concerns , never substantiated , that the tool might harvest data from users ' machines .
The German government asked Microsoft for the ability to inspect source code before it was prepared to allow the use of the technology of German government systems .
Microsoft declined , but resolved the resulting impasse by releasing a tool that removed the utility from systems . ®
( CNN ) -- Emergency crews called off a search in Texas for the wreckage of a C - 17 transport plane after reports Monday of a possible crash proved unfounded .
Callers to the Olney Police Department said they saw a low - flying plane , and a spokesman for Sheppard AFB initially reported a crash , but then retracted the report .
Air Force officials said an Air Force C - 17 had been flying at low altitude near Olney , but the plane returned safely to Altus Air Force Base in southwest Oklahoma .
CNN 's Mike Mount and Adam Levine contributed to this story .
Honestly , I , I am frickn speechless about how good this female team is as my post high school vocabulary simply does n't have any words that truly describe this work of , dare I say it , art , if this could even be considered art if it were to be downgraded in quality !
9 pages worth of almost purely positive comments that I have read through just does n't do this immensely underrated near - masterpiece an ounce of justice !
As much as I see that there indeed are quite a few problems getting this into TF2 , this might also be as close as TF3 would be in the making as far as the public will know unless Valve makes a statement stating that they indeed are making TF3 !
This may be my 1st day on this website , and my 2nd year playing TF2 , but this should make an big impression to Valve , or a huge one if a bit more work goes into it .
If you were going to send it to Valve and ask them to do something sweet with it , the I would suggest the following things occur : A ) secure a backstory for each character that goes along with some / most lines of what the commenters have already posted and makes sense ( most likely scenario in which the TF2 mercs are training others is that they are " getting too old and giant for this " if I were to quote the HWG ) .
B )
Alter some of the bodily proportions / placements to be a bit more realistic .
( e.i. the nurse 's right foot seems to be the same distance from the wall as demopunk girl 's feet , yet the nurse 's left foot is noticeably closer to the wall and making her look like she would be doing a sideways sumo squat of sorts and thus making her seem much smaller unless you see that she is doing such squat and is in fact much taller than her stance has her look and the fact that the demopunk girl 's arms are even smaller than the femgi's arms which are mere twigs themselves ! )
C ) Reduce ( do n't have to eliminate it completely ) the " Bewb " factor on the fem - sniper and fem - spy , unless you want to get TF2 a stricter ESRB rating for TF2 ( or TF3 ) than whatever it 's at now .
I might have more minor issues as they come to me .
Since the cause of autism is unknown , the authorities in Minnesota say it is hard to know even what to investigate .
Image TO SCHOOL Ahmed Essa , 8 , is autistic .
A former Minneapolis school official said Somalis made up 25 percent of children in preschool classes for those with severe autism .
Credit ... Allen Brisson - Smith for The New York Times
“ There are obviously some real concerns here , but we do n’t want to make a cursory judgment , ” said Buddy Ferguson , a health department spokesman .
Even counting autism cases is difficult because the diagnoses are first made by the schools , not doctors , and population estimates for Somalis vary widely .
Results are expected late this month .
Even if the department confirms that a cluster exists , it will not answer the question why .
Still , Dr. Thun said a possible focus in one ethnic group “ increases my sense that investigating it is essential . ”
The next step , he added , would be to look at Somalis in other cities .
A small recent study of refugees in schools in Stockholm found that Somalis were in classes for autistic children at three times the normal rate .
Calls to representatives of Somali groups in Seattle and San Diego found that they were aware of the fear in Minneapolis but unsure about their own rates .
Doctors familiar with the Somali communities in Boston and Lewiston , Me. , had heard of no surges there .
“ It ’s a concern here , but we have n’t done anything to look specifically , ” said Ahmed Salim of Somali Family Services in San Diego .
Shamso Yusuf of the Refugee Women ’s Alliance in Seattle said tearfully that her own daughter had been given a diagnosis of autism , “ and I see a lot of parents who have 5 - year - olds who can not speak . ”
But no Seattle study has been done , she said .
Is u haz wepinz ?
u haz Mirandas rights .
u haz right to remain meowless
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Reports from friends in Zimbabwe suggest that the country is now largely disconnected from the internet .
Utande Internet Service has a useful update dated March 5 , 2009 – I reproduce it here in full so you do n’t have to visit their site and further stress their servers :
Most of Zimbabwe relies upon two possible ComOne provided paths for data traffic flowing out of the country .
At around 10:30 pm on Monday 2nd March the most important of these links , a 17 Mb/s Intelsat connection shown as GlobalConnex on our live Internet Weather Report , ceased operating .
We are reliably informed that it was disconnected for non-payment of account but have no official word on this from ComOne .
As a result , the only outbound route available is through the 6 South African connections of 2 Mb /s each .
Unfortunately these microwave links have for a long time been unreliable as they are frequently affected by load shedding .
Thus , when these SAIX links are down e-mails will not flow in to nor out of the country .
Browsing to sites outside Zimbabwe , or outside the .zw name space is not possible either .
…. and when they are up the nation has only 40 % of normal outbound data capacity .
Our systems remain fully operational but have been under stress at times from the accumulation of mail waiting for onward delivery .
We have taken measures to ensure that local mail is delivered as efficiently as possible .
However , international mail flow will remain a challenge and you are urged to avoid sending lengthy or unnecessary mails to reduce the impact this national problem has on the flow of important and useful messages .
As at 7 am today there is no mail backlog .
We have been given no indication of when normal service will resume but past experience suggests it could easily drag on another week or more .
We are also investigating alternative bandwidth sources but given the requirement that ComOne be the only gateway out of Zimbabwe this may prove difficult to achieve .
In addition , alternative bandwidth of our own will not resolve the problems caused to the .zw namespace as seen from outside Zimbabwe and will not provide complete relief .
A further update will be available here as and when the situation changes .
What ’s amazing is how little this has affected the news sources I use to follow the situation in Zimbabwe .
While the government ’s official newspaper , the Herald , is “ Temporarily Unavailable ” according to their otherwise inaccessible website , opposition newspapers like the Zimbabwe Times are hosted in South Africa or off the continent , and are fully accessible , reporting important stories like the aftermath of the USAID truck crash that killed Morgan Tsvangirai ’s wife , Susan .
( Tsvangirai has been working hard to dispel rumors that the crash was anything other than an accident . )
Activist sites like Kubatana and Sokwanele are both up , and their blogs are being regularly updated .
My guess – the folks at Kubatana and Sokwanele are updating the blogs via email , posting at night when links are less congested .
But I may be wrong about this – Sokwanele ’s recent posts include images , and Kubatana ’s are pretty link heavy , implying web browsing as well as posting .
That said , other friends in Zimbabwe have reported via email that it ’s virtually impossible to browse and that they ’re limited to sending emails in the middle of the night .
One way or another , I continue to be amazed at the resilience of my Zimbabwean friends , in the face of incredible challenges .
It ’s amazing enough that people are finding ways to find food and water for their families in the current circumstances – to find ways to update the rest of the world on the situation in this country despite these obstacles is pretty incredible .
I hope a recognition of the sacrifices Zimbabweans are making to communicate their circumstances and struggles might motivate more people to pay attention to what ’s going on in the country .
* U.N. rights envoy sees grave Israeli war crimes
* Sealing Gaza border may also be a crime against humanity
* Falk urges experts probe alleged crimes by both sides
( Adds byline , quotes , background )
By Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA , March 19 ( Reuters ) - A United Nations human rights investigator said on Thursday that Israel 's military assault on densely populated Gaza appeared to constitute a grave war crime .
Richard Falk , U.N. special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories , said the Geneva Conventions required warring forces to distinguish between military targets and surrounding civilians .
" If it is not possible to do so , then launching the attacks is inherently unlawful and would seem to constitute a war crime of the greatest magnitude under international law , " Falk said .
" On the basis of the preliminary evidence available , there is reason to reach this conclusion , " he wrote in an annual 26 - page report submitted to the U.N. Human Rights Council .
Falk gave the same death toll from Israel 's offensive in December and January -- 1,434 Palestinians , including 960 civilians -- as the Palestinian human rights center .
Israel , which lost 13 people during the war , disputes the figures and has accused Hamas fighters in Gaza of using civilians as human shields during the conflict -- an allegation which Falk said should be investigated .
He called the Israeli attacks a " massive assault on a densely populated urbanised setting " in which the entire civilian population had been subjected to " an inhumane form of warfare that kills , maims and inflicts mental harm " .
" As all borders were sealed , civilians could not escape from the orbit of harm , " he said .
This denial of people 's right to flee the war zone as refugees may also constitute a crime against humanity , he said .
WAR CRIMES PROBE
Falk called for an independent experts group to probe possible war crimes committed by both Israeli forces and Hamas .
It should gather eyewitness testimony as well as explanations from Israeli and Palestinian military commanders .
Violations included Israel 's alleged " targeting of schools , mosques and ambulances " during the offensive , which lasted from Dec. 27 to Jan. 18 , and its use of weapons including white phosphorus , as well as Hamas 's firing of rockets at civilian targets in southern Israel .
Falk said that Israel 's blockade of the coastal strip of 1.5 million people violated the Geneva Conventions and this suggested further war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity .
The aggression was not legally justified and may represent a " crime against peace " -- a principle established at the Nuremberg trials of Nazi war criminals , according to Falk , an American law professor who serves as the Human Rights Council 's independent investigator .
Falk , who is Jewish , suggested the Security Council might set up an ad hoc criminal tribunal to establish accountability for war crimes in Gaza , noting Israel has not signed the Rome statutes establishing the International Criminal Court .
He was denied entry to Israel two weeks before the assault started , forcing him to abort a planned mission to Gaza .
In his report , he said that the refusal had set an " unfortunate precedent " for treatment of a special rapporteur .
On Monday , he is to present his report formally to the Human Rights Council , a 47 - member forum where Islamic and African countries backed by China , Cuba and Russia have a majority .
Neither Israel nor its chief ally the United States are members .
( Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Jonathan Wright )
" I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell , of future life for individuals , or of a personal God . "
I propose that one of the following statements is the absolute truth in regards to a supreme being of the universe :
(A) God does n't exist at all
( B) If God exists ,
It is either all - powerful OR merciful -- but not both
(C) If God exists ,
It either is completely unaware of mankind 's existence OR does n't care one whit about it at all , one way or the other .
And so those worshipping
It are as misguided as the lowest primitives worshipping a dead stone idol .
(D) If God exists ,
It is actually much closer to being what most people would define as evil rather than good .
That is ,
It has shaped the entire universe to be forever tilted in favor of evil , waste , and suffering -- and as a result mankind can only progress by actively battling against the works of It rather than worshipping It
Now let us examine some supporting evidence for these various possibilities .
(A) God does n't exist at all
A purely objective scientific perspective would tell us there 's precisely as much tangible evidence for the existence of God as there is for UFOs being spacecraft piloted by aliens : namely , zero .
-- God is Imaginary - 50 simple proofs
-- Pay No Attention to the Deity Behind the Curtain
-- God Is ...
-- Religion a figment of human imagination by Andy Coghlan ; 28 April 2008
-- Born believers : How your brain creates God 04 February 2009 by Michael Brooks Magazine issue 2694 .
-- Why do we believe in God ?
I By Satoshi Kanazawa on March 24 , 2008
-- Why do we believe in God? II By Satoshi Kanazawa on March 28 , 2008
-- Could it be pretty obvious there 's no God ?
-- Common Absurdities Atheists Hear From Christians
-- The One Minute Case For Atheism May 15th , 2007
But the faithful will frantically wave their arms in the air and say all creation is the proof of God 's existence , from the mosquito that gives us malaria to the nuclear bomb which kills hundreds of thousands of us in one shot .
Well , they 'd prefer to use different examples from those , but technically they'd have to admit if pressed that those samples are just as valid as any others they might offer up .
Oops !
So logic and evidence really do n't matter to some people so far as proving or disproving the existence of God .
They might vigorously support the evidentiary method for most all other matters like criminal court cases , and the scientific method which enables us to fight disease and build TV sets and automobiles .
But not for the case of God .
No , they say that God is above the law , beyond scientific method , isolated from the works of man -- practically aloof , unreachable , and incomprehensible in many ways -- and yet God at the same time gives very specific instructions to some men , according to all the mainstream faiths ... and those guys should be trusted with no questions asked to tell us what God wants us to do .
For some reason God can't or wo n't speak to the rest of us personally -- and whenever it seems so those of us so contacted are usually shipped to the nearest looney bin as soon as possible for the safety of themselves and others ...
So tell me again how we determine who 's crazy and who 's been honestly contacted or " inspired " by God ?
And while you 're at it , include a method by which to separate the con-men from the truly chosen , please .
The faithful could use some help here lord !
( B) If God exists ,
It is either all - powerful OR merciful -- but not both
Just a brief close up view of the awful heart - rending suffering going on in the world today -- let alone throughout all history -- would offer powerful evidence of this notion : that if God exists , either it is all - powerful OR merciful , but not both .
For being both would imply
It would have to take action to alleviate such massive suffering -- and thus all such suffering would be completely eliminated .
And yet such a thing has never even come close to happening .
Yes , occasionally the worst tortured among us catch a tiny break .
But the reasons for those instances of relief are always indistinguishable from the acts of other people like ourselves , or random accident .
Never any more indication of divine intervention than the mere wish on the part of some that it be so credited .
Which takes us back again to the zero evidence , 100 % faith requirement .
Of course if God does n't care at all for us -- or actually sort of dislikes us -- or is even utterly unaware of our existence ( as described elsewhere ) then the clues currently available would allow
It to be an all - powerful entity as some suspect .
But worthy of our worship ?
It seems not .
-- Why Wo n't God Heal Amputees ? by Marshall Brain
-- " I can imagine something better than God , and you can too "
( C ) If God exists ,
It either is completely unaware of mankind 's existence OR does n't care one whit about it at all , one way or the other .
And so those worshipping
It are as misguided as the lowest primitives worshipping a dead stone idol .
-- Religion - The Commercial ; Alternate link
-- Religulous - Full Movie
-- Instruction Manual for Life
" Nevertheless the Bible writers claimed repeatedly that they were transmitting the very Word of God , infallible and authoritative in the highest degree .
This is an amazing thing for any writer to say , and if the forty or so men who wrote the Scriptures were wrong in these claims , then they must have been lying , or insane , or both . "
-- How do we know the Bible is true ?
Apparently the majority of the strongly religious do n't enjoy much comfort about the afterlife , as they seem to fear death more than the less religious .
Why ?
Perhaps because in their hearts they know they 're likely wrong about the nature and existence of God.
Or ... they know they lived their lives doing wrong against others , merely using religion as a convenient excuse for some of it -- and therefore deserve punishment from any truly righteous deity which might exist .
-- Pious ' fight death the hardest '
17 March 2009
Might God ( if such a thing exists ) be apathetic ?
Care not at all about humanity ?
It 's very possible .
After all , the universe is so big as to be unimaginable for us .
It seems highly unlikely that a being whose awareness spanned trillions of worlds would even notice our little speck of mud-- let alone elevate it to a special status above all others .
" The rash assertion that ' God made man in His own image ' is ticking like a time bomb at the foundation of many faiths , and as the hierarchy of the universe is disclosed to us , we may have to recognize this chilling truth : if there are any gods whose chief concern is man , they can not be very important gods . "
-- Arthur C. Clarke , scientist and author , 1965
-- Arthur C. Clarke By Frank Houston ; March 7 , 2000 ; Salon.com ; http://www.salon.com/people/bc/2000/03/07/clarke
And there 's quite a bit of evidence that the more power a human being possesses over others the less they tend to care about those they rule , and -- at best -- the more apathetic they become ; while at worst , the more evil .
" Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely " .
-- Lord Acton -- page 615 , Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations by John Bartlett ; 15th Edition , 1980 ; Little , Brown publisher -- What would Godhood be like anyway ?
Pull out the history books :
A couple of mass murderers basically gained power over half the industrialized world during the 20th century : Stalin and Hitler .
Hitler alone wielded so much power it took everything the US and its allies could do to stop him in WWII -- even after Stalin too turned against the German dictator .
Once Hitler was out of the way Stalin pretty much did as he wished with millions of his countrymen and several other conquered states until he died of natural causes in 1953 .
The power of Stalin and his successors managed to scare all the other major powers of the world ( including the US ) sufficiently for them to sink awesome sums into their respective war machines and intelligence agencies , even after Hitler 's threat was long gone .
And as human beings were supposedly created in the image of God , that implies some potential for such vulnerability in the original design too-- God itself .
Yikes !
But let 's assume
God does exist and does notice us , and has taken some sort of pains addressing our plight .
In that case " pains " would be the operative word , as the scale of human suffering on Earth is staggering today .
So let 's see ... we assume we have an all powerful deity taking some sort of real action in regards to us ... and the vast majority of us are suffering mightily .
Hmm .
I do n't think I like where this is going .
Tell me again why we should worship an entity like this ?
It seems the only reason you might have under this scenario is worship out of pure fear -- the same as you might towards a Hitler , Stalin , or Saddam Hussein perhaps ?
--
If genocide is evil , how is god any different than Adolf Hitler ?
(D) If God exists ,
It is actually much closer to being what most people would define as evil rather than good .
That is ,
It has shaped the entire universe to be forever tilted in favor of evil , waste , and suffering -- and as a result mankind can only progress by actively battling against the works of It rather than worshipping It
In other words , for most real world purposes all the mainstream monotheistic religions of today are likely indistinguishable from Satanism in their long term consequences and effects for humanity as a whole .
Yikes !
Wow .
The evidence for this one is overwhelming .
At least for anyone who'll accept evidence at all .
Entropy makes the universe tick ... well , rather , it makes the universe die .
That is , it makes everything wind down , decay , age , deteriorate , and just generally go to hell .
Everything .
And everybody .
No matter their religion , race , sex , or whatever .
Everybody goes to hell .
Of course this is only true for everything we can measure in the known universe , and among living things , with the best scientific measures we can devise .
The faithful get around this by saying some of the dead of our number will go somewhere that can't be found or figured out scientifically , to ultimately avoid a hellish ending .
You just have to trust them on this point .
It 's not like they 're simply ignorant or deranged ... right ?
I mean , they have their own reasoning ... whoops !
Forgot !
They have no reasoning whatsoever for this .
Just blind faith .
Check .
Entropy means the ultimate natural fate of the universe is death and destruction , and that even now , a long long ways from the ultimate end of everything , every single game is rigged against " good " outcomes , by at least a tad .
That is , death , destruction , and decay usually enjoy the advantage in any endeavor .
Time -- and luck -- are on evil 's side .
Or in other words , evil usually enjoys the advantage in any event .
By at least a bit .
Oftentimes by overwhelming amounts .
Humanity 's entire history of civilization building and technological advance has been a struggle against these tendencies .
Trying to overcome , bypass , or delay the natural world 's predilection towards destruction by whatever means we could devise .
Trying to keep our bridges from falling , our lights from going dark , or our children from dying .
It 's a constant struggle against the universe .
A universe for which the faithful say God is wholly responsible for creating .
And it 's a struggle with our base human natures too .
The potential for evil inherent in all of us .
The potential for evil in the same human nature supposedly created by God in Its own image .
Natures which many of the devout steadfastly maintain DID NOT evolve from animals , ala Darwinian evolution .
But if we were created in the image of God either
It made a bad mistake in the copying -- or else the original is as flawed as we are .
Whoops !
That image thing must just be a typo in the bible then , right ?
Just how many other typos are there in that thing ?
-- Contradictions in the Bible available online 1-4-09
-- 101 Contradictions in the Bible available online 1-4-09
But let 's tackle some of the points made above individually , shall we ?
The creator of the universe encourages waste and suffering .
" As for religious dogma -- that the universe was created especially to house and nourish us and our ilk alone -- that too may fall by the wayside as more people gain an understanding of just how big the universe is , and its full potential for paradigm busting .
I.e. , it appears that 99 + % of the universe will forever be off limits to humanity , no matter how far our technologies advance .
So saying this place was built just for us is like saying a 144 room mansion was designed just for one child occupant who'll never be allowed to leave their cradle -- let alone their nursery .
So it would seem supporters of supreme being dogma must explain how such wasteful extravagance universe - wide can be justified , in the face of horrific suffering here on Earth , by so many innocents -- especially children -- and especially under the auspices of a God claimed to be merciful and caring . "
The creator of the universe encourages evil .
" ... luck more often favors the evil or ill - intentioned over the good , and the extravagantly wasteful over the efficient and thrifty . "
" This aspect of luck should be obvious to most everyone : just examine the history books .
Look how far evil men like Stalin and Hitler were able to get in life , and how many innocents they robbed and killed doing so .
You can check out today 's newspapers for plentiful examples too .... "
" ... This particular aspect of luck would seem to be a glaring contradiction to the belief that there is an all powerful and just God running the cosmos .
If such a being exists it would appear to be only one or the other , not both .
That is , if it 's all - powerful it certainly is n't just ; and vice versa .
Of course even anarchy has a structure of sorts : the strongest rule over everyone else .
Human society has basically followed this path for millennia .
Today that means that the nearer the top of the hierarchy you are the more evil you are expected to do and be allowed to get away with .
The nearer the bottom , the less . "
So if the God of modern American Christianity truly exists , and is in any way reflective of American society today , He must be of the utmost evil in nature .
Some say Satan is the great trickster .
Would n't this be the grandest deception
He could ever achieve ?
Want more ?
Then check out the links below :
" The word God is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weakness , the Bible a collection of honorable , but still purely primitive , legends which are nevertheless pretty childish .
No interpretation no matter how subtle can ( for me ) change this .
...
For me the Jewish religion like all other religions is an incarnation of the most childish superstition .
And the Jewish people to whom I gladly belong ... have no different quality for me than all other people .
As far as my experience goes , they are also no better than other human groups , although they are protected from the worst cancers by a lack of power .
Otherwise I cannot see anything “ chosen ” about them . "
-- Albert Einstein 1954 ; The word God is the product of human weakness 7 October 2009
-- " Science without Religion Is Lame , Religion without Science Is Blind " ; Letter describing Einstein 's religious beliefs up for auction By Gabriel Gache , Science News Editor 14th of May 2008
" The National Government ... will preserve and defend those basic principles on which our nation has been built .
It regards Christianity as the foundation of our national morality , and the family as the basis of national life .... "
-- Adolf Hitler : BERLIN : PROCLAMATION TO THE GERMAN NATION FEBRUARY 1 , 1933
Religion !
video
Why People Believe Invisible Agents Control the World A Skeptic 's take on souls , spirits , ghosts , gods , demons , angels , aliens and other invisible powers that be By Michael Shermer From the June 2009 Scientific American Magazine
It came from reddit :
All the Bible fallacies you 'll ever want to know !
( PIC )
God -Man :
The darkest superhero of them all .
Quantum gods do n't deserve your faith 22 April 2009 by Amanda Gefter ; Magazine issue 2704 .
The 50 Most Brilliant Atheists of All Time
Crazy vs. Religion
Is god imaginary ?
Let ’s look at the evidence .
" I hope they speak Norwegian in HELL ! " [ cartoon ]
What happens when we die ? [ PIC ]
ATHEIST !!!!!!!
NoBeliefs.com ( Freethinkers )
Sam Harris : lecture on religious faith - Part 01
Atheism : good enough for these idiots
Rejecting Atheism
American Atheists | Welcome
DARWIN , Australia , March 16 ( UPI ) -- Police in Australia 's Northern Territory said Monday an 11 - year - old missing girl was killed by a crocodile in the Black Jungle Swamp .
The Sydney Daily Telegraph said , according to police superintendent Michael Murphy , rescue workers found part of Briony O'Sullivan 's body downstream from the Lambells Lagoon creek where she disappeared Sunday .
Advertisement
" This is a heartbreaking event for the family and the community , " Murphy said .
The gruesome discovery of O'Sullivan 's remains came after the young girl 's board shorts were also found in the area outside the city of Darwin .
Three children swimming with the girl reported her missing Sunday after she disappeared in a Lambells Lagoon creek .
The witnesses said they saw O'Sullivan being pulled under the water twice before never resurfacing .
The children informed authorities that they had seen a crocodile nearby shortly before the girl vanished , the Northern Territory News said .
There have been no reports whether Parks and Wildlife officials will search for the crocodile behind the girl 's death .
STUN GUNS would be issued to every police patrol car in the state , under a proposal being pushed by the Police Minister , despite a recommendation by the Ombudsman last year that a two - year moratorium be applied to any further introduction of the weapons .
Tony Kelly took the proposal to the Government 's cabinet budget committee last night , with a decision on the matter deferred by the Premier , Nathan Rees , the Herald understands , but believed to be a short time away .
The proposal would cost about $ 15 million , sources said , and result in thousands of the weapons being distributed at a time when the Government is grappling with a $ 2 billion budget deficit .
Under the proposal , one stun gun would be supplied to each of five patrol cars regularly on shift at a local area command .
This mirrors a plan the NSW Police Association has been pushing .
At present , there is only limited use of the stun guns since they were trialled by general duties police last year .
Only one supervisor at a local area command has access to the weapon .
Between October and December , stun guns were fired 18 times .
Hanging by a Thread
This receptacle installation is the only wiring in a 1920s garage .
Timothy Hemm
Eagle Home Inspections
Yucaipa , Calif .
Smokin '
I think it is safe to assume that this furnace is not venting properly .
I inserted a smoke emitter into the burn chamber and all of the smoke backed up into the attic .
A rain cap that was installed on the chimney exhaust left little room for venting .
Brandon Dyles
Picture Perfect Inspections
Bartlett , Tenn .
License Expired
Here is a picture I took of an electrical panel .
Looks like this little guy was n't licensed to work around electricity .
Jeff Leighton
Inspect - It 1st Property Inspection
Scarborough , Me .
The Art of the Termite
We have very artistic termites here in Georgia .
This tunnel measured 6 inches wide at the top .
Jeff Nichols
Edifice Inspections , Inc .
Marietta , Ga .
Cozy Nest
Given that this dryer vent is n't quite making it all the way outside , this ends up being a heated bird 's nest .
David Grudzinski
Advantage Home Inspections
Cranston , R.I .
Air Quality Nightmare
The duct tube on the right is a clothes dryer on the first floor that 's been vented directly into the hot air supply duct in the basement .
That 's lint from the dryer visible in the hot air register on the left .
Bob Drennan
R.E. Drennan Home Inspection
Great Barrington , Mass .
Patchy
Apparently , you can use anything to patch your furnace .
The date renewal stickers on the license plate were dated 2002 .
The newer furnace ( installed below this ) actually was installed in 2004 , and the Municipal Inspector had signed off on this permit .
Kevin Hawes
Assured Home Inspections
Calgary , AB
Inlet ?
The latest in energy - efficient building products : the self - powered outlet .
Matt Wynne
Aberdeen Building Consulting
Long Island , NY
Good Thing They Didn't Insulate the Attic
This is an attic exhaust fan .
The structural installation to hold it in place includes drywall , sheet metal , fiberglass batts , Zip ties , electrical tape and ... of course ... duct tape .
Vince Clingenpeel
Clingenpeel Properties Inc .
Falls Church , Va .
Trapped Again
I just had to share this one .
How many different ways can a sink trap be installed ?
Upsidedown is probably not one of the better ways .
I found this in a 15 - year - old manufactured home .
Richard Graf
Eagle Home Inspection
Whitefish , Mont .
( Photos courtesy of the ASHI Reporter . )
Indoor Pool
This picture was taken in the attic of a Civil War -era home .
Of course , the disclosure said the roof did n't leak .
Not only was a kiddie pool catching water from the roof leak , but an elaborate gutter had been fabricated from aluminum coil stock .
Charles Zehner
Sherlock Homes Property Inspections
Evansville , Ind .
It 's Got a Flat
Recyling is good , but using old bike innertubes as a trap ?
Not so good .
Larry Dickens
HomePro Systems , Inc .
Huntington , W.Va .
Doubly Dumb
To change the cartridge fuses in this shut - off box , you need to call the electrician and the plumber !
James Clark
True Blue Home Inspections , Inc .
Chicago , Ill .
Cap it Off
If your trash can does not need protection from dogs or raccoons , you might as well use the lid for an attic fan hood .
Stephen Wilson
Professional Inspection Services
Columbus , Ga .
Flip Turned Into Flop
This homeowner tried out a new kind of ice - and - water - shield plumbing vent boot instead of using the stiff plastic that would normally hold the vent in place .
Calvin Bolt
Calvin Bolt Inspections and Testing
Warsaw , Ind .
Flip Turned Into Flop
The DIY " flipper " ( the seller ) of this house told me he replaced all six bad floor joists .
But that 's how far my screwdriver went in when I went looking for dry rot on just one of the remaining joists .
I ended up finding 17 more like this !
Does my client ( the buyer ) want to trust what went on behind all the new drywall ?
I do n't THINK so !
There were dozens of other serious visible issues .
Buyer beware !
Calvin Bolt
Calvin Bolt Inspections and Testing
Warsaw , Ind .
US President Barack Obama speaks following a tour of the Edison Electric Vehicle Technical Center in Pomona , California .
Obama Thursday unveiled a 2.4 billion dollar boost for electric vehicle development , vowing to compete with foreign nations in the race to be world leader on renewable energy .
President Barack Obama Thursday unveiled a 2.4 billion dollar boost for electric vehicle development , vowing to compete with foreign nations in the race to be world leader on renewable energy .
" We can let the jobs of tomorrow be created abroad or we can create them here in America and lay the foundation for lasting prosperity , " Obama said on the second day of a campaign - style swing in California .
Obama said the money would be used to develop next generation plug - in hybrid electric vehicles and advanced battery components and would create tens of thousands of US jobs and reduce reliance on foreign oil .
He set a target of putting a million of the environmentally friendly vehicles on US roads by 2015 .
The plan would also give a 7,500 dollar tax credit to people who buy plug - in hybrid vehicles , Obama said , as he toured a plant in southern California developing the new generation transport .
" The nation that leads on energy will be the nation that leads the world in the 21st century , " Obama said .
" That 's why , around the world , nations are racing to lead in these industries of the future . "
The president bemoaned the fact that the United States lagged behind some of its key European and Asian trading partners in the race to develop new generation fuels and vehicles .
" Germany is leading the world in solar power , " he said .
" Spain generates almost 30 percent of its power by harnessing the wind , while we manage less than one percent and Japan is producing the batteries that currently power American hybrid cars . "
The funds , dispersed by the Department of Energy , will offer up to 1.5 billion dollars to US manufacturers who produce highly efficient batteries and 500 million dollars for firms that produce other components for the vehicles .
A further 400 million dollars will be devoted to evaluating plug in hybrids and building the infrastructure they need to run , including charging stations and training for technicians who will be called upon to repair them .
The funds were made available under Obama 's 787 billion dollar economic stimulus law .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Study shows hybrid effect on power distribution
/ etc /qemu-ifup script [ it was used in older versions of qemu with tap / bridge interfaces ]
2. added info about sound emulation inside qemu OS .
3. removed HACKS_CIRRUS from options [ thx to scottro sugestion ] , reason here :
4. sometimes OS installation requires unload of kqemu .
short : install without kqemu and the use with kqemu
​ 1 . removed uselessscript [ it was used in older versions of qemu with tap / bridge interfaces ] 2. added info about sound emulation inside qemu OS.3 . removed HACKS_CIRRUS from options [ thx tosugestion ] , reason here : http://forums.bsdnexus.com/viewtopic.php?pid=14036#p14036
4 . sometimes OS installation requires unload of kqemu .
short : install without kqemu and the use with kqemu
Code : # cd /usr / ports / emulators / qemu && make install clean
Code : Options for qemu : [ X ] KQEMU
Build with ( alpha ! ) accelerator module [ ]
HACKS_CIRRUS
Large display speedup ( buggy ! ) [ ] RTL8139_TIMER allow use of re(4 ) nic with FreeBSD guests [ ] SAMBA samba dependency ( for - smb ) [ X ] SDL SDL/X dependency ( graphical output ) [ X ] CDROM_DMA IDE CDROM DMA
Code : # cd /usr / ports / security / sudo && make install clean
Code : # cat >
/usr/local/etc/sudoers << EOF root ALL=( ALL ) ALL username ALL=( ALL ) NOPASSWD : ALL EOF
Code : # sudo kldload aio # sudo kldload kqemu
Code : % cat / dev/acd0 > ~/qemu/win2k.iso % dd bs=2048 if=/dev/acd0 of=~/qemu/win2k.iso
Code : % qemu-img create -f qcow2 ~/ qemu/win2000.img 4G
Code : % qemu - boot d - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 128 - cdrom ~/qemu/win2k.iso - win2k-hack - localtime
Code : % sudo kldunload kqemu % qemu - boot d - hda ~/ qemu/win2000.img -m 128 - cdrom ~/qemu/win2k.iso - win2 k - hack - localtime % sudo kldload kqemu
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime - snapshot
Code : kqemu support : enabled for user code
Code : kqemu support : disabled
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime - soundhw pcspk
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime - soundhw es1370 , pcspk
Code : % qemu - hda ~/qemu/win2000.img -m 256 - localtime - soundhw es1370 , pcspk,sb16
Code : # qemu [ app ] ( class=SDL_App ) [ Workspace ] { 2 } [ Deco ] { BORDER} [ end ]
I wrote short qemu howto install / usage on FreeBSD as host os , and in this example with Win2000 as guest os .
Installinstall and configure sudo : sudo config: username is YOU .
load needed modules : create Windows2000 install CD image , useorcreate qemu image for new OS : install new os , Windows2000 in our example : if
You have any problems while installing the OS then unloadmodule and install again , then after install , load themodule again : typical usage of OS under qemu:typical usage of OS under qemu in snapshot mode [ to commit made changes hitand type ] : to switch focus between qemu mouse focus and X11 mouse focus use : to ensure that You use kqemu kernel module in user mode hitand type , if everything is ok You will see : if not You will see : if disabled it will work , but terribly slow , You will be running at Pentium 75 speed at host with CPU AthlonXP 1.66GHz .to switch between qemu console and qemu os emualtion useto go to console andto back to emulation .
enabling network on emulated os , use DHCP configuration inside emulated os to get automatic IP adress 10.x.x. xafter
You quit
You os inside emulated os , or by qemu consoleand typeuse this command to launch again Your emulated OS : How to have sound in qemu OS ,
You just need to launch qemu the way I listed above , only withorto emulate Sound Blaster 16 , or Sound Blaster 128 .
You can also enable standart annoying BEEP with .
You can also enable all three of them like that : , or just BEEP + one of them : , examplesadd - on : inresources :
The same schema works forand , You only do not use
Hello .
I empathise with you .
Being unable to masturbate deprives you of the one great pleasure you should have .
Now , this is something you need to discuss with your doctor .
Forget about being embarrassed .
Your doctor will not be .
Simply say to him / her : " I want to have the function to masturbate restored to me .
What can be done to help me ?
Would Viagra help my situation ?
I really do want to have as much sexual function as possible .
Please
help me . "
I am surprised that you would have to ask , actually .
But do , please , ask .
I honestly believe you will get all the help possible once you do .
I really do hope things work out all the best for you .
Your question has made me think .
Thank you for sharing it with us .
-- Barrie O .
JACKSON , Miss . -- Mayor Frank Melton got elected by wooing working - class blacks and upper -class whites with a promise to personally evict the " thugs " and drug dealers who plagued his crime - bedeviled city 's streets .
" Get ready , " he told residents .
" Because this is going to be different . "
On ...
By measuring iron isotopes , researchers from the University of Copenhagen have shown that our planet originally formed much faster than previously thought .
This finding provides new insights on both planetary formation and the likelihood of water and life elsewhere in the universe .
SCITUATE , Mass . 
There are sleeping bags in the sacristy at St. Frances Xavier Cabrini Church and reclining chairs in the vestibule , but no one here gets too relaxed .
“ Please be ever vigilant ! ” a sign by the door warns , and the parishioners who have occupied the church since it closed more than four years ago take it as seriously as a commandment .
St. Frances was among dozens of churches that the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston decided to close and sell in 2004 , not least because of financial turmoil made worse by the abuse scandal in the clergy .
But while most churches closed without a fight , parishioners at St. Frances , a brick A - frame on a wooded hill , and at four other churches rebelled .
For 1,533 days , the group at St. Frances has taken turns guarding the building around the clock so that the archdiocese cannot lock them out and put it up for sale .
They call it a vigil , but by now it is more of a lifestyle .
“ It ’s much more of a living 24 - hours - a - day , seven - days - a - week faith , ” said Margy O’Brien , 78 , a parishioner since St. Frances opened in 1960 .
“ My generation of Catholics have paid , prayed and obeyed , but you get to a point where you ’ve had it . ”
Government agencies across the country are sitting on gigabytes of valuable digital data that could be mashed , mixed and re-organized in crafty ways by Web 2.0 entrepreneurs and public interest groups engaged in everything from government oversight , to providing practical information to Americans .
Yet , despite federal and state public records laws designed to make the data accessible , many agencies are fighting more ferociously than ever to keep data created with public funds out of public hands .
In their battles to withhold information , bureaucrats are citing everything from copyright and trade secret privileges to privacy and national security concerns .
And when they do provide data , some agencies charge exorbitant prices for it , ensuring it 's only available to those with deep pockets .
As the country observes Sunshine Week , there are many reasons to be optimistic , public records advocates say , particularly in the wake of President Barack Obama 's pledge to digitize federal records and open them to the public .
But with lawmakers and judges too often siding with agencies that resist data disclosure , there remain more reasons to be concerned .
" We stand on the edge of being able to truly democratize data in ways that we 've never been able to before , " says Charles Davis , executive director of the National Freedom of Information Coalition .
" And yet , at the same time , we face probably more irrational opposition than ever before to releasing data . "
A case decided last month in California illustrates the lengths to which governments will go to hold onto taxpayer - funded data .
In 2006 , the California First Amendment Coalition used the state 's sunshine law to ask for a digital , data - rich map compiled by Santa Clara County .
Called a geographic information system , or GIS , parcel basemap database , the map shows the boundaries of 450,000 real estate parcels in Silicon Valley , along with overlaid aerial photos , street addresses and other data .
In response , the county demanded $ 250,000 for the information , along with a signed non-disclosure agreement asserting that CFAC would n't redistribute it .
When CFAC balked — why should public information come with an NDA and a six - figure price tag ? — the county resorted to a mishmash of arguments to keep the information secret , claiming first that the data was copyrighted , and then that its release would harm Santa Clara County 's " national security . "
Last month , after more than two years of litigation , a California appeals court ordered the data released , offering a glimmer of hope to open - government advocates .
" Other states can still say , ' Screw you , ' and ignore the California ruling , " says Peter Scheer , CFAC 's executive director .
" But it is a published opinion by a court that is held in some regard , particularly on technology issues . "
[ Disclosure : Wired.com 's editor in chief is a CFAC advisory board member . ]
The tension between record seekers — including journalists and nonprofits — and government agencies often stems from the fact that bureaucrats collect data to do their job ; while the public often requests it to prove otherwise .
" Government does not want to release the data , because people would draw ... conclusions that government does n't want them to draw , " says Bill Allison , senior fellow with the Sunlight Foundation .
Adding to that resistance are more reasonable privacy concerns .
In addition to a handful of cases where genuinely private information like Social Security numbers were mistakenly released , the internet is making public data feel private to those who find themselves exposed in new ways .
For example , when California 's Proposition 8 passed last November banning gay marriage , an opponent of the measure created a website to expose donors who financed the ban .
The site culled donor names , ZIP codes and , in some cases , employer names , from data the state collects under campaign finance disclosure laws .
Then it combined that data with Google Maps to show donors ' approximate locations , and in some cases identify their employers .
Gay marriage opponents were appalled and complained that they received harassment and death threats .
" For years we 've had campaign finance disclosure , " Allison says .
" But nobody thought this information would wind up on a Google map . "
The federal FOIA includes an exemption for records involving private citizens , but agencies and courts sometimes take that exemption to an extreme , Davis says .
In 2006 , the nonprofit Center for the Study of Services sought information about Medicare claims for its Consumers ' Checkbook website .
The center wanted anonymous information about patient diagnoses , along with the physicians ' identifying number , the procedures performed and amounts billed to Medicare .
The aim was to help match patients to experienced doctors for specific procedures , and determine if practitioners were over - billing Medicare or receiving government funds for high - risk procedures they did n't have the experience to perform .
But the Department of Health and Human Services denied the request on grounds that it violated doctor privacy by disclosing physician incomes .
In a ruling applauded by the American Medical Association , last month a federal appeals court sided with the department .
The court concluded that releasing the data did n't serve a public interest , because FOIA was meant to provide oversight of government agencies , not private businesses like medical practices .
In another case in 2000 , an Illinois reporter sought the names and offenses of federal prisoners held in a county jail under a rent - a- jail program designed to alleviate crowding in federal prisons .
The reporter wanted to know if high - security criminals were being housed in the county 's low - security jail .
But a federal district judge ruled against her on privacy and security grounds , saying that naming prisoners would " stigmatize " them and " cause irreparable damage to their reputations , " because some of them were detainees or witnesses who had n't been charged with crimes .
The case was upheld on appeal .
At the root of these anti-disclosure rulings is a 1989 Supreme Court case that pitted the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press against the Justice Department .
The RCFP sought the rap sheet for a businessman suspected of mob ties and an improper relationship with a congressman .
Much of the information was already accessible in bits and pieces in various public records , but the reporters wanted the data as it was compiled in the FBI 's NCIC database .
The Supreme Court unanimously held that adding computers to the mix made the privacy risks greater .
" Plainly there is a vast difference between the public records that might be found after a diligent search of courthouse files , county archives and local police stations throughout the country and a computerized summary located in a single clearinghouse of information , " wrote Justice John Paul Stevens for the court .
Significantly , the court also concluded that the purpose of FOIA was to monitor the government , not private citizens .
Rarely would records involving private citizens aid in keeping an eye on government activities , the court said .
" It 's absolutely illogical on its face to assert that , " Davis says .
" And yet it 's the standing legal position of the U.S. , and the Department of Justice has defended that for years . "
As a result , Davis says , it 's inordinately hard to get access to public records that might prove government wrongdoing when privacy exemptions protect a private citizen mentioned in the file .
That is , unless there 's already proof of the wrongdoing before the records are sought .
" Then you might be able to overcome the privacy protection , " Davis says .
" If you have proof of the conspiracy , then we 'll give you access to the records that might prove your conspiracy . "
One troubling trend with the digitization of data , experts say , involves agencies that give data to a private party to build technical architectures around it , and in the process relinquish control of the data .
" That 's what happened in 2003 , when the General Services Administration contracted with a private company named Global Computer Enterprises to build a searchable database of contracts collected from all federal agencies .
A GCE competitor named Eagle Eye filed a FOIA request with the GSA to obtain the bulk data .
For 15 years , Eagle Eye had been obtaining the information from the GSA .
But this time , the GSA balked , claiming GCE now controlled the data .
Eagle Eye eventually won an administrative FOIA appeal arguing that GCE did n't own the data , but was simply a contractor .
But by then it was out $ 15,000 in legal fees .
Davis says allowing a contractor to decide FOIA requests is wrong and says situations like this will only get worse , " unless we get extraordinarily clear about the fact that you can't subcontract away FOIA . "
There are , of course , sometimes legitimate privacy and national security reasons for withholding information .
But the FOIA allows lawmakers to exempt entire categories of records from public access for any reason , a loophole that invites abuse .
Such exemptions are commonly called Exemption 3 statutes .
They involve separate statutes that essentially amend FOIA to exempt certain records from disclosure , without saying why .
" One reason agencies like Exemption 3 statues is that they basically say , ' Absolutely you can't have this specific type of record , ' " says Harry Hammitt , editor and publisher of Access Reports , a newsletter focused on FOIA issues .
" You do n't have to have a policy reason for withholding or show any harm , you just have to trot out the exemption . "
The national security law Santa Clara County used to try to thwart access to its GIS database is an Exemption 3 statute designed to protect " critical infrastructure information " from disclosure .
But perhaps the most egregious Exemption 3 abuse came last year , after a federal appeals court ordered the Department of Agriculture to comply with a FOIA request filed by a farm news publisher .
The publisher wanted a copy of the federal databases that show farm field boundaries across the country , as well as information on crops and acreage — data the department collects to dole out farm benefits and subsidies .
The government had refused to provide the information on privacy grounds , asserting that someone could estimate a farmer 's financial worth from it , and that disclosure serves no public interest .
In February of last year , a federal appeals court in Washington D.C. sided with the publisher , saying the government had n't proven a privacy risk , and there was a public interest in letting the public monitor how the department administered billions of dollars in federal benefits .
It was a victory for open - government advocates , but one that was short - lived .
Three months later , Congress slipped a new Exemption 3 clause into the federal Farm Bill that trumped the court ruling .
The data now remains sealed .
Critics say the agriculture industry was behind it .
A separate FOIA exemption to protect trade secrets or confidential information of private industry is another common obstacle , though it only protects information voluntarily submitted to a government agency by an outside entity .
In 2006 the Center for Public Integrity collided with the trade secret exemption when it tried to add government data to its Media Tracker service , a website that allows consumers to enter a ZIP code and receive a list of companies providing TV , radio , and broadband service in their area .
The center sued the Federal Communications Commission for geographical data on broadband coverage .
But the FCC , after checking with AT&T and other providers , rejected the request .
" They say , ' Hey we 're about to release information , please object , ' " Davis says .
" And then , of course , they do . "
Despite all of these hurdles to get public records , Scheer sees reasons to be hopeful .
" I actually think that we 're at a point where things are changing , " he says .
" Agencies are beginning to realize that it's a struggle to hold on to data , and it may not be worth the fight .
And that goes really to the financial considerations from the costs of litigation .
... I think more enlightened public officials are coming around to that view . "
Her car has broken down and she is all alone .
Young , attractive and in distress , she looks fetchingly at a young man leaving work and asks if he would be so good as to help .
He obliges .
Before they part , she hands him her phone number , then smiles with the unspoken promise of future romance .
He cannot believe his good fortune .
But in reality , the woman is an undercover RCMP officer , and soon he will be in a prison cell .
This is a real - life example of a controversial Canadian police technique known as the Mr. Big sting .
It came from the trial of two men connected to the slaying of four RCMP officers in March 2005 near the Alberta hamlet of Mayerthorpe .
This week , the technique was in the news again after Canada 's Justice Minister , Rob Nicholson , ordered a new trial for Kyle Unger , 38 , of Manitoba , ruling he was probably a victim of a miscarriage of justice .
Unger has spent 14 years behind bars after being convicted of the sex murder of his former high school acquaintance , Brigitte Grenier , in 1992 at a bush party near Roseisle , a hamlet in south - central Manitoba .
In stings like the one used against Unger , undercover police officers connect with a target and then introduce him to Mr. Big , a man posing as a major mobster .
The target is invited into Mr. Big 's crime group , but only if he will admit committing a major crime .
The target in the Mayerthorpe case was drawn into an elaborately staged plot that involved a bogus beating , pretend gun running , cigarette smuggling and diamond stealing .
One Mountie even played the role of Santa at a fake company Christmas party .
After Shawn Hennessey and Dennis Cheeseman were convicted of murder for helping the actual killer in the Mayerthorpe case , Barry Hennessey , father of Shawn and father - in - law of Cheeseman , revealed that Cheeseman had sometimes feared for his safety because he thought he was dealing with bona fide organized criminals .
" He was scared for his life , '' Hennessey told reporters .
" He thought they were Hells Angels . " '
Critics of the Mr. Big technique argue the police stings often lead to false confessions by people seeking to make illegal money .
Rubin ( Hurricane ) Carter of Toronto - based Innocence International calls Mr. Big stings a dangerous threat to civil rights , which can easily slide from evidence - gathering to entrapment .
" They 've ... convicted people who were not guilty of crimes , " says Carter , who served 20 years in prison in the U.S. for a murder he did not commit .
Carter says he does n't doubt that such stings have bagged many real criminals as well , but he says the price for the tactic is too high .
Critics like Carter say modern - day Mr. Big operations aggressively entrap targets like Unger with threats and the lure of big money as a mobster .
Carter notes such stings are illegal in both Britain and the U.S. because they actively induce someone to join a criminal enterprise they would not otherwise have joined .
In Unger 's case , serious doubts about his conviction led to his release from prison late in 2005 , pending a review .
Among other things , DNA tests proved a hair found on Grenier 's clothing was n't from Unger , even though an RCMP hair analyst told the jury it was " consistent " with Unger 's hair .
Unger 's lawyers also argued that police extracted a false confession from him during a Mr. Big operation .
In the scenario that was used to ensnare him , two undercover police officers staged a vehicle breakdown at the farm where Unger worked .
While they waited for repairs , they pretended to recruit him into a criminal organization where they suggested he could make big money with little work .
Soon , he was acting as their chauffeur , picking up and dropping off mysterious packages .
Unger , who already had a drinking problem , moved into a penthouse with a well - stocked liquor cabinet .
Mr. Big was introduced to him as " Big Larry , " who told Unger in a recorded conversation : " ( Another undercover officer ) tells me you whacked somebody .
That 's fine with me .
That 's , that 's f---ing excellent ...
That 's the kind of person I 'm looking for . "
Unger did n't correct Big Larry .
Soon , he was telling another undercover officer that he was Grenier 's killer , offering vivid details and taking him to the crime scene .
He showed them a bridge where he said he killed Grenier , apparently unaware the bridge did n't exist at the time of the murder .
Unger later said he lied to impress Big Larry and to gain more money as a member of his organization .
" The difficulty with these details is that they were not true , " Justice Holly Beard of the Manitoba Court of Queen 's Bench noted in her judgment .
Another Mr. Big sting ended in a murder conviction earlier this year against Penny Boudreau , 33 , of Bridgewater , N.S. , who had strangled her 12 - year - old daughter , Karissa , with twine .
Boudreau was drawn into a Mr. Big sting after she and her boyfriend were jailed on suspicion of Karissa 's murder .
An RCMP officer posed as her boyfriend 's cellmate , and gave the impression he had serious organized crime connections .
Once Boudreau and her boyfriend were released , she could n't stop thinking about news reports that speculated that DNA testing would lead police to the killer .
The DNA was supposed to be on Karissa 's clothing , which was in a police evidence room .
On May 8 , 2008 , she turned to an associate of her boyfriend 's former cellmate .
He carried himself like a major mafioso , who bragged he could get difficult things done .
Boudreau told him she wished the " police exhibit vault would burn down or blow up . "
The police officer playing Mr. Big said he needed to know more about the crime in order to make the evidence vanish .
Boudreau 's admissions were the main reasons she was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 20 years .
A Mr. Big sting also closed the case on the murder of Ajax security guard Roy Jones , who was gunned down execution - style in Whitby in 2001 , just days before he was due to testify in a home invasion trial .
Soon , men who looked like bikers and called themselves Jake and Mick had moved into a Brantford apartment building next door to one of the suspects , Sean Hall .
In reality , they were Durham police officers .
To Hall , they looked like outlaw bikers and he soon introduced himself .
They did n't push Hall to talk .
Instead , they sometimes told him to shut up .
" You talk too much , " Mick told him in one recorded conversation .
Hall felt an urge to impress them , and told them he had been involved in a murder .
" The cops have nothing , " he bragged .
One of Hall 's friends warned that his new biker friends might actually be police officers .
" If they are , they are wicked actors , " Hall replied , shortly before his arrest .
Water agencies debate desalination CALIFORNIA DROUGHT
Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Water agencies debate desalination 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Is it time to stick a straw into the Pacific Ocean ?
About 20 water agencies up and down the California coast seem to think so .
From Marin County to San Diego , small and large projects that turn seawater into tap water are gaining favor , propelled by events unprecedented in California 's history : worsening drought , dwindling species of freshwater fish , crumbling plumbing systems and unyielding demand .
" People are worried about water supply , " said Michael Carlin , assistant general manager of water at the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission .
" Desalination is for drought supply , for an emergency , and it augments existing supply - it 's another tool in our toolbox . "
But critics argue that desalination is an expensive , environmentally questionable last resort in a sprawling state that misuses one of its greatest assets .
" People are looking for an easy solution , and they look to the ocean , " said Linda Sheehan , executive director of the California Coastkeeper Alliance , a watchdog group .
" They 're ignoring the opportunities we have for conservation , storm water reuse and water recycling . "
This is not the first time the desalination debate has surfaced in California .
Dry spells and government funds for infrastructure often prompt new studies and investment in the process , which strips salt , debris , bacteria and other substances from saltwater and funnels it to local taps .
But climate change , rising water costs and threats to wildlife have increased the stakes .
On a pretty stretch of beachfront at the Seymour Center at Long Marine Lab , a set of trailers holds the potential answer for the Santa Cruz area .
Inside , humming pumps , pipes and tanks treat about 50 gallons of seawater a minute .
Santa Cruz and the Soquel Creek Water District hope to build a $ 30 million to $ 40 million plant that would deliver 2.5 million gallons a day to more than 130,000 customers by 2015 .
A plant that size would help boost supply during summer months and droughts .
" If we face a drought like the late 1970s , we could be 45 percent short of supply , " Melanie Schumacher , project spokeswoman , told a group of 20 people during a public tour of the desalination apparatus on Wednesday .
Officials at the Marin Municipal Water District and the Bay Area Regional Desalination Project - comprising the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission , the East Bay Municipal Utility District , Contra Costa Water District and Santa Clara Valley Water District - make similar points about their budding plans to make saltwater drinkable .
Reservoirs for those districts - and scores of others in the state - are at critically low levels after two dry winters and possibly another one this year .
Deteriorating fish populations and rules slashing the amount of water pumped through the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta have exacerbated the problem for most agencies .
EBMUD enacted 15 percent rationing last year , while San Francisco is contemplating similar measures depending on snow levels by the end of the water year April 1 .
Conservation pushed
Water policy experts , environmentalists and consumer groups recognize the dire circumstances facing many water agencies around California .
But they insist that using less water - not adding more to the supply - is the cheapest , fastest and most ecologically friendly way to stem the state 's water crisis .
Desalination consumes a lot of energy , catches fish in intake machinery and flushes concentrated brine into coastal areas , and its facilities are unsightly , critics say .
Mark Massara , director of the Sierra Club 's Coastal Program , said California has all the water it needs for growth projected through 2050 .
" Obviously there 's a need for fresh water - but there 's a misperception that desalination is the Holy Grail that allows you to engage in unfettered sprawl and ignore conservation , " Massara said .
" Desalination is still not priced competitively with traditional water costs , and we have n't even hit the tip of the iceberg on conservation . "
Research on water consumption seems to bear that out .
While per-capita water use in California is decreasing , urban users could cut consumption by 2.3 million acre - feet each year - fully one - third of current urban usage - using low - tech options , said Peter Gleick , an expert on freshwater supplies .
" We should not be building desalination plants where other things make more sense , " said Gleick , president of the Pacific Institute in Oakland .
" At the moment a lot of other things make more sense . "
Simpler alternatives
Alternatives include replacing top - loading washing machines and 3 - gallon - per - flush toilets with water - efficient versions , Gleick said , while communities could offer incentives for drought - resistant plantings and use water from showers and dishwashers for irrigation .
Saving water has a price advantage .
A study last year by the Los Angeles Economic Development Council found that conservation would cost $ 210 a year per acre - foot , compared with more than $ 1,000 per acre - foot for desalination .
In addition , costly amounts of energy are needed to force seawater through the fine membranes that trap tiny salt and other particles .
While the cost of desalination may grow more attractive if surface and groundwater supplies decline further and prices jump , some water experts say California 's water crisis has less to do with shiny new water plants than about changing attitudes toward water .
" We need to change how we relate to water and not just dip straws into whatever water source is close by , " said Coastkeeper Alliance 's Sheehan .
" We need to recognize the limitations to the environment and adjust our behavior .
If we live in a desert climate , we need to act as though we live in a desert climate . "
Dan Ilic , a freelance filmmaker and comedian , and Triple J presenter Marc Fennell , distilled many of the criticisms into a satire video that used footage from Freeview 's ads but with a different voice over .
" With up to 15 digital channels , you can watch the same thing on up to four different channels ... you can watch sports you 've never heard of , news you can't understand and even question time ! " it says .
The video attracted almost 12,000 views in just a few days before it was removed from the site .
However , Freeview 's attempts to quash its momentum are likely to backfire as new versions of the clip have already been published on YouTube and other video sharing sites such as FunnyorDie.com , Dailymotion.com and Break.com .
" I think Freeview pulled down this video as one last ditch effort in an attempt to combat new media and I think it 's only the first battle in a war that they 're going to lose , " said Ilic .
" Now i'm going to tell my friends to download the original version [ of the satire video ] and put it on YouTube , so hopefully there 'll be a few hundred more versions of the video on YouTube and other sites by the end of the day . "
Ilic said he and Fennell made the clip for a stand up routine called Massage My Medium , which they will be performing during the Melbourne International Comedy Festival between April 21 and 26 .
He said the show was " all about the death of television " .
Freeview did not return calls requesting comment , however , it is understood the satire video was removed from YouTube following a copyright violation claim from the company .
Google , which owns YouTube , will only remove YouTube videos on the basis of copyright if it is satisfied that the objection has been lodged by the original owner of the copyrighted material .
Its use of copyright law to have the video removed is ironic because the footage from the ad , Ford claimed , is itself a rip - off of a Ford Fiesta ad that aired in Europe last year .
Of the 15 channels promoted by Freeview , five are the existing digital free - to - air channels , another five are high - definition versions of the existing channels with mostly identical content , while the remaining five channels can be used by the networks for additional programming .
Of these remaining five channels , ABC has already launched ABC 2 , while Ten has announced it will launch a channel dedicated to sport , One , on March 26 .
Seven has said its new channel will go to air mid-year but has not said what content it will carry .
Nine 's new digital channel will launch in the second half of this year but will reportedly be limited to repeats of programs shown on Nine 's main channel two hours earlier .
With the global economic crisis biting and research indicating that Australians are spending more time on the internet than watching television , free - to - air networks are struggling to maintain advertising revenue on their existing channels , let alone sell enough ads to fund additional content on new digital channels .
Shares
Thankfully , I do n’t receive all that much blog - related mail .
But this weekend I received several communications about a piece in popular liberal blog .
The piece is ( ostensibly ) about Lyme disease , which coincidentally happens to be one of the topics of my first post here at SBM .
In fact , I ’ve written about Lyme disease a number of times , and Dr. Novella has a very good summary of the controversy at one of his other blogs .
Since we ’ve discussed this so many times , I wo n’t be reviewing the entire controversy , but looking at this particular blog post to examine how our personal experiences and errors in reasoning can distort our view of reality .
The topic of Lyme disease has come up recently in the press , and as the weather improves , cases in the northeastern U.S. should start to increase soon .
Just as a reminder , so - called “ chronic ” Lyme disease is not Lyme disease at all .
Lyme disease can have early and late manifestations , none of which correspond to the vague , protean symptoms labeled as “ chronic ” by some .
The disease is often diagnosed without resort to objective evidence , such as reliable , positive lab tests .
But let ’s look at the blog post in question and see what ’s there .
It sounds as if the writer of this piece has dealt with some terrible suffering , but the explanation she has reached for it is rather odd :
I came by my own ringside seat at these festivities courtesy of a tick bite incurred , probably on a hiking trail somewhere in the Sierra , in the late summer of 1984 .
I do n’t remember the bite .
I never saw the tell - tale bulls - eye rash ( I ’m a country kid — I got bit all the time by one noxious thing or another ) that one of the warring camps insists must be present for a Lyme diagnosis to be accurate .
But I do know that I went to bed one day in October of that year , and was never the same afterward — and that I ’ve been struggling with devastating bouts of exhaustion , body pain , and brain fog ever since .
The narrative sets up a chain of events , then looks for cause .
The chain is “ went for a hike ” then “ felt bad since ” .
As we know , it is tempting to employ post hoc ergo propter hoc thinking here , but is it correct to do so ?
There are several problems with this compelling and well - written narrative .
First is the tick bite that was n’t .
In medicine , we do n’t assume an event has happened unless there is evidence for it .
If you have clear evidence for a tick - borne disease but do n’t remember a tick bite , then logic would dictate you simply had a bite but were unaware of it .
If you hang your diagnosis on a tick bite , but do n’t recall the bite , then your reasoning is circular and nonsensical .
“ I have Lyme disease because I had a tick bite , and I know I got bit because of have Lyme disease ” is a problematic statement .
Then is the misunderstanding of medical knowledge .
Doctors do not insist on the presence of the erythema migrans rash in order to diagnose Lyme disease .
It is a useful clue , but it ’s presence is not required .
The writer ’s terrible understanding of medicine and biology truly blossoms later in the story .
( By the way , “ brain fog ” is a common phrase in the literature of “ alternative ” diagnoses .
There is no consistent definition , and it is not clear what the phrase represents . )
Over the years , various doctors pinned assorted diagnoses on these symptoms , all of which promised exactly zero hope for a cure . [ … ]
But it was n’t until a year ago this past week — nearly 24 years and a dozen or so doctors after my first collapse — that I finally got a firm diagnosis of Lyme disease .
Last August , after returning home from the convention in Denver , I started the difficult and demanding high - dose multi-layered antibiotic treatment .
The average case of chronic Lyme takes two to five years of treatment to cure .
At this late date , though , the odds are only about 70 % that I ’ll ever be able to shake it .
Still , six months in , my joints work again .
I can exercise and travel without having to pay it back with weeks in bed .
And my mind grows sharper by the day .
The drugs are working — and every day I ’m better is a day of grace I never thought I ’d see .
( All emphasis mine .
– PalMD )
There are some interesting bits here .
First is the “ zero hope for a cure . ”
No one likes having there hope taken away .
When we tell a patient that we do n’t know what ’s wrong with them this can be very unsettling .
Of course , even when we do n’t have a precise diagnosis , we can still tell patients we will do everything we can to help them feel better .
But some people want to hear an exact diagnosis and a clear plan for a cure — this is n’t always possible .
One approach to this uncertainty is to work closely with the patient to help ameliorate their symptoms .
Another is to lie to them .
I find the latter choice to be the easier one , but also the immoral and ultimately unhelpful choice .
Now , let ’s see how quickly the writer can fail biology .
The treatment takes so long because Lyme is the most cunningly persistent bacterium known to science .
In its native state , it ’s a spirochete — a cousin to syphilis .
But if you hit it with penicillin , it will convert in a matter of minutes into an intracellular form that ’s more like a mycoplasma , which will only respond to a macrolide antibiotic like azithromiycin or Biaxin .
Or , just for fun , it will roll up into a hard cyst form that can hide , dormant , in the macrophages of cells , and then emerge to re-infect the host years on down the road .
This well - armored third form responds — only very reluctantly — to Flagyl and a couple of the TB drugs .
Curing the disease means taking large doses of several classes of antibiotics together for months at a time — either orally , or through an IV — so the germ will have nowhere to hide .
And all the while , we also need to be carefully watching for and mitigating the drugs ’ own very real consequences to the body .
I ’m not sure what it means that Borrelia is “ the most cunningly persistent bacterium known to science . ”
I mean , I have opinions I suppose .
Mycobacterium tb is a clever fellow , as is syphilis .
I ’m not sure what makes Borrelia the most anything .
A micro-organism can be the most prevalent , or the smallest or largest , but it ca n’t be the most cunning .
“ Persistent ” is an interesting one .
I ’m not sure what makes her think it ’s particularly persistent .
Tuberculosis is very persistent , as are many of the human herpes viruses .
As to the different supposed phases of the bacterium , it is not an obligate intracellular organism , and it is in fact not clear if it even can perisist within cells .
As far as antibiotic sensitivity , I am not aware that this changes , although some antibiotics are better at different stages of disease .
What is very clear from randomized controlled trials is that : 1 ) the somatic symptoms described by those with “ chronic Lyme disease ” are no more frequent in people who have had Lyme disease than in matched controls ; 2 ) randomized controlled trials have failed to show any efficacy to prolonged antibiotic treatment in those who are described as having “ chronic Lyme disease ” .
The only source I could find that describes this particular “ life cycle ” of the spirochete is in the quack journal Medical Hypotheses .
To complicate matters further , the ticks that deliver Lyme usually deliver other diseases , too : babesiosis ( a form of malaria ) , ehrlichiosis , mycoplasma , and others that also must be found and treated for a full cure to happen .
Though these are nominally “ deer ticks , ” entomologists have found Lyme - bearing ticks on birds , dogs , rodents , horses , and many other animals .
Last week ’s chimp attack is also being blamed on a form of Lyme psychosis .
It ’s probably true that veterinarians have a better handle on this disease than the doctors who treat humans do .
Ugh .
I do n’t think she ’s ever taken a biology course .
Babesiosis is not a form or malaria .
Also , I do n’t doubt that veterinarians have a handle on animal diseases — I do doubt that they have a better handle on human disease .
It ’s just not their thing .
I ’m loathe to continue the line - by - line analysis of the piece , as I do n’t want to lose you here , so stick with me as I wrap this up .
The article continues the pattern of conclusion — > evidence .
Whatever the author may wish , we cannot do science by forming conclusions and then twisting the facts to fit these conclusions .
For example :
However , once some strains of Lyme get dispersed and embedded in the body ’s tissues , the standard treatment wo n’t touch them .
Worse : the standard Lyme tests wo n’t , either , so the results will likely come back negative .
The shady politics of how the approved Lyme tests were developed would take a whole separate post to explain ; but suffice to say that they ’re only 70 % accurate on their best day , which would make them patently unacceptable as a diagnostic tool were it any other disease .
Far more accurate and sensitive tests are available , but insurance companies wo n’t cover the $ 400 fee .
These alternative Lyme tests are usually not covered because the are inaccurate .
The chronic Lyme advocates have sought out shaky labs that will give them the results that they desire , rather than the ones with most accurately reveal the biologic facts .
This leads directly into the Connecticut debacle .
Last year , the Connecticut attorney general actually harassed the Infectious Disease Society of America over their official treatment recommendations for Lyme disease .
In a classic , but strangely backward Pharma shill gambit , the ISDA was accused of being in cahoots with various forces to deny proper treatment to people with Lyme disease .
Part of the idiocy is that it is the chronic Lyme advocates who make millions administering expensive and disproved treatments .
The ISDA guidelines are both evidence based and cost - effective .
This particular piece , posted on a popular blog , is a horrible piece of medical writing , but a perfect example of what can go wrong when a reporter does n’t understand science .
The diagnosis and treatment of disease is supposed to be based on science , not on wish - fulfillment .
It ’s difficult to have unexplained symptoms , but giving them a false label and subjecting oneself to fake treatments helps no one except the person receiving the check .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - For many Republican governors , the $ 789 billion U.S. economic stimulus package is the equivalent of cod liver oil : they ’ll take it , but do n’t expect them to like it .
While almost every Republican in Congress has firmly opposed the huge spending bill , the nation ’s 22 Republican governors , including many possible presidential candidates , have struggled to reconcile their party ’s small - government philosophy with their need to patch shredded state budgets .
Some suggested they might not accept their share of the billions earmarked to help states pay their bills , but most have said they will accept the money even if they think the bill is flawed .
Republican governors like Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana are poised to take on a national role as the party seeks direction after devastating electoral losses in 2006 and 2008 and must show that their states have prospered under their leadership .
But by accepting federal money that could help their states weather the recession , the governors risk muddying their party ’s small - government message , analysts say .
“ When Republicans say they ’re against big government , it ’ll be easy to point to all these states where Republican governors embraced the funding , ” Princeton University professor Julian Zelizer said .
Unlike the federal government , state governments are required by their constitutions to balance their budgets and they now face anticipated shortfalls of $ 200 billion , according to the National Governors Association .
The stimulus package includes $ 54 billion to help states plug their budget gaps and pay for school modernization projects .
Another $ 90 billion would help state governments pay for Medicaid health care for the poor .
Democratic governors , like their fellow lawmakers in Washington , largely support the bill .
FAR FROM PERFECT
Faced with such concrete needs , most governors have struck a less confrontational tone than party chairman Michael Steele , who on Thursday denounced the package as a “ spending boondoggle ” in USA Today .
“ Republican governors agree that this bill is far from perfect , ” said Mike Schrimpf of the Republican Governors Association .
“ However , governors have a fiduciary responsibility to do what they think is best for their state and what might be good for Florida is not necessarily what is good for Mississippi . ”
Florida Governor Charlie Crist , who faces a $ 3.5 billion budget shortfall over the next two years , appeared with President Barack Obama on Monday to promote the bill .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , Vermont Governor James Douglas and Connecticut Governor Jodi Rell also back it .
Others have been more circumspect .
Jindal , who is frequently mentioned as a future presidential candidate , has said he would have voted against the package if he were still in the House of Representatives , but as governor will “ carefully consider ” the final version that emerges from Congress to see how it will help his state .
Jindal can’t afford to leave that money on the table , but “ he has to grumble about it while he stuffs it in his pocket , ” said Southern Methodist University Professor Cal Jillson .
Pawlenty , another presidential prospect , has derided the package as wasteful but plans to use $ 920 million to help close his state ’s $ 4.8 billion budget deficit .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , who became a favorite of conservatives after her vice - presidential run last year , has said she will have to consider the benefits and drawbacks of accepting federal cash .
Observers expect they will take the money , said Southern Methodist University professor Cal Jillson .
Others , including South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford and Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour , have said they oppose the package and have suggested that they might not accept any federal funds that come with it .
Rick Perry , governor of Texas , has launched an online petition to “ stop the bleeding ” of government spending in a bid to rally the conservative voters he will need to fend off a primary challenge from Kay Bailey Hutchinson in 2010 .
DALLAS --
An NFL player said Monday he accepts the apology offered by a Dallas police officer who stopped him with a drawn gun in a hospital parking lot while his mother - in - law was dying inside .
Houston Texans running back Ryan Moats said on ABC's " Good Morning America " that he hopes Officer Robert Powell was sincere in his apology .
Powell stopped Moats ' SUV outside Baylor Regional Medical Center in suburban Plano on March 18 after the vehicle rolled through a red light .
Moats ' wife , Tamishia , and other relatives were also in the car .
The officer pulled out his gun and threatened Moats with jail as the player pleaded to be allowed to go inside the hospital .
Moats ' mother - in - law , 45 - year - old Jonetta Collinsworth , died before he got there , while Powell wrote Moats a ticket and lectured him .
" I loved Jo ... my mother - in - law .
We call her Jo .
She was just like my mom basically , " Ryan Moats said .
Powell , who first apologized in a statement Friday through his attorneys , repeatedly said in an interview with Dallas - Fort Worth television station KTVT aired Monday night that he made mistakes in the stop .
Powell said he did n't know why he did n't allow Moats to go into the hospital once he realized what was happening .
" I should have .
Again , I do n't know why I did n't do that and I should have .
That was my mistake , " Powell told KTVT .
He also said he did n't know why he spoke to Moats the way he did .
" That was my mistake .
All I was trying to do was get him to calm down . "
Powell , who has been placed on paid leave pending an investigation , said he did n't know what his punishment should be but he hoped he would n't lose his job .
Tamishia Moats said earlier Monday she'd like to hear the apology personally , but that she , too , would definitely accept it .
Later Monday morning , Ryan and Tamishia issued a statement through the Texans .
" The Moats family would like to thank the public for all their support and for expressing their condolences during this difficult time , " the statement read .
" We will now be focusing on our family and healing during this time of grievance . "
Powell said Monday night he hoped to have the chance to meet with the couple .
According to video from a dashboard camera inside the officer 's vehicle , Tamishia Moats and another woman disregarded Powell 's order to get back inside their vehicle , and they rushed into the hospital .
Powell yelled at Tamishia Moats to stay in the SUV .
" Excuse me , my mom is dying , " Tamishia Moats said before going into the hospital .
" Do you understand ? "
Tamishia Moats told Dallas - Fort Worth television station WFAA on Monday that she was reacting instinctively .
She was by the side of her mother when Collinsworth died a short time later from breast cancer .
" He could have shot me .
But at that time I was only thinking about my mom , " she said .
Ryan Moats said the officer pointed his gun at his wife and then at him .
" My first thought was ' Man , just stop .
Do n't move , ' " he told WFAA .
" ' Cause I did n't want anything worse to happen . "
Powell said he did n't recall pointing his weapon .
" When I found that there was no threat , I did reholster my weapon immediately . "
Moats explained that he had waited until there was no traffic before continuing through the red light .
When Powell asked for proof of insurance , Moats grew more agitated and told the officer to go find it .
Thomas
More , counselor of law and patron of statesmen , merry martyr and most human of saints :
Pray that , for the glory of God and in the pursuit of His justice , I may be able in argument , accurate in analysis , keen in study , correct in conclusion , loyal to clients , honest with all , courteous to adversaries , trustworthy with confidences , courageous in court .
Sit with me at my desk and listen with me to my clients ' tales .
Read with me in my library and stand always beside me so that today I shall not , to win a point , lose my soul .
Pray that my family may find in me what yours found in you : friendship and courage , cheerfulness and charity , diligence in duties , counsel in adversity , patience in pain -- their good servant , and God 's first .
AMEN .
______________________________
Prayer to St. Thomas More for Lawyers and Judges
Dear Scholar and Martyr , it was not the King of England but you who were the true Defender of the Faith .
Like Christ unjustly condemned , neither promises nor threats could make you accept a civil ruler as head of the Christian Church .
Perfect in your honesty and love of truth , grant that lawyers and judges may imitate you and achieve true justice for all people .
AMEN .
*****
Lawyer 's Prayer
" Give me the Grace Good Lord , to set the world at naught ; to set my mind fast upon
Thee and not to hang upon the blast of men's mouths .
To be content to be solitary .
Not to long for worldly company but utterly to cast off the world and rid my mind of the business thereof . "
*****
Litany of St. Thomas More , Martyr and Patron Saint of Statesmen , Politicians and Lawyers
*****
Novena to St. Thomas More
______________________________
~ Quoth St. Thomas More ~
" The ordinary acts we practice every day at home are of more importance to the soul than their simplicity might suggest . "
*****
" What does it avail to know that there is a God , which you not only believe by Faith , but also know by Reason : what does it avail that you know Him if you think little of Him ? "
*****
" The things that we pray for , good Lord , give us grace to labour for . "
*****
The pressure is mounting on Sony to announce a price - cut for the PlayStation 3 .
With analysts and developers such as EA Sports looking for a price cut , it comes as no surprise then that Sony is saying nothing regarding a price cut … well , not directly .
SCEA ’s senior marketing VP Peter Dille has said in an interview with Bloomberg that developers want the PS3 to sell for free .
“ Everybody in the development community would love for the PS3 to be free , so they could just sell razor blades , ”
It comes off the back of the heels of comments from EA Sports President and former Xbox honcho Peter Moore saying that the PS3 has a long way to go with its pricing plans .
“ Sony obviously still has a ways to go with their pricing , ”
As for that price cut , Dille did say there was no immediate plans for a price cut but did however say that :
“ Sony is concerned with profitability , as well as the installed base , ”
Which may hint at a price cut down the line maybe after GDC or before E3 .
[ Source ]
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
Once we have bitten the quantum apple ,
our loss of innocence is permanent .
--- R. Shankar , Principles of Quantum Mechanics
Easy Way to Import , Upload , Backup or Store Email Messages into Gmail for Archive
Have too many emails scatter around desktop email clients on local disk ?
The mails which downloaded and retrieved from POP3 mail server using program such as Microsoft Office Outlook , Outlook Express , Netscape , Windows Mail , Mozilla Thunderbird , Pegasus , Eudora or others , are stored and kept on local hard drive .
E-mail messages stored in the e-mail client mailboxes can be read and browse offline and organize into folders using client ’s database file .
However , over the time , the data files , such as Outlook Personal Folders data file .
PST or mBox used in Eudora and Thunderbird will grow very big , making the client program less responsive and unstable .
Beside , the locally stored emails and old mails archive also prone to high risk of accidental lost such as when hard disk crashes , or when reformatting / reinstalling operating system .
Thus if your email messages is important to you for future reference or sweet memories , backup the mails somewhere else especially on a medium that is easily accessible is a must .
Archive and backup the mails by uploading and importing the mails into Gmail server is a good choice .
Gmail now has over 4GB of storage space , enough for thousands if not millions of e-mails .
What most important is that mails kept on Gmail is in safe hand .
You can easily access the mails via web interface and free IMAP or POP3 support .
And Google , provider of Gmail is reliable and unlikely to go bust or bankrupt in the foreseeable future , causing you have to move entire email archive stored in Gmail elsewhere again .
Beside , users can also enjoy other features and benefits of Gmail , such as labeling of email messages instead of storing into folders and powerful quick mail search .
However , Gmail does not provide a way or feature to upload email into it .
Previously , those people who wants to import existing mail messages into Gmail has to depend on Google GMail Loader ( deprecated ) provided by marklyon.org to upload old emails currently exists in local mail client .
However , the mail loading to Gmail process is unreliable , and often terminated halfway .
Beside , only certain email clients with mBox , MailDir , MMDF , MH , and Babyl format are supported .
Those using Microsoft Outlook with .
PST format or Outlook Express will have to convert or export the emails to mBox data file format .
There are also other issues such as non working SMTP server , modified sender name , and timestamp of emails when viewed in Inbox or All Mail is not the original date and time the mails were received , but the time when the uploaded messages were received by Google server .
Now there is a very simply trick to import and upload existing old email messages into Gmail without hassle and problems mentioned above .
The trick is to make use of free IMAP access provided by Gmail .
Any email client that supports configuration of multiple email accounts can upload emails to Gmail .
To import and upload existing emails to Gmail , firstly IMAP support must be enabled in Gmail .
You can enable IMAP for Gmail by selecting Enable IMAP in Forwarding and POP / IMAP tab of Gmail Settings page .
Then , open up the mail client you currently use to download and read emails .
Inside the mail client , configure additional account for Gmail using IMAP protocol .
Gmail
Help provides guide on how to configure IMAP based Gmail access on some popular email clients .
Once IMAP accessed Gmail is configured , an additional IMAP folder for these Gmail IMAP account will be displayed on folders list or mail items list .
To import and upload your existing mails to Gmail , simply drag and drop , or copy and paste ( or cut and paste if you no longer want the mails to have a copy in your local folders ) to Gmail ’s Inbox folder in the new IMAP account in the mail client .
Your email client may be hanged or not resposive while transferring and uploading the emails to Gmail server , and the importing process may take a while to complete .
Once uploaded , the Gmail IMAP folder in email client will immediately synchronize and reflect the changes , and you can also verify the emails have been safely uploaded and imported into Gmail for backup or archive storage by visiting Gmail web user interface .
You can also move the email messages to a sub - folder under Gmail IMAP folder to automatically skip Gmail Inbox and archive it , but also applying a label to the email messages uploaded .
You can also apply multiple labels to mail messages by simply copying the mails to many sub-folders .
Note that above trick only works on existing email messages currently reside in local mailboxes of email client , which has been downloaded from POP3 mail server , or can be accessed via IMAP or HTTP in case of Windows Live Hotmail ( aka MSN Hotmail ) .
If you are using webmail interface to access your email , and want to transfer the mails to Gmail , you can skip all these steps by making use of Gmail ’s free Mail Fetcher function , provided your webmail service provider has POP3 access .
Mail Fetcher allows users to directly import mail from a POP3 supported email service into GMail .
VIRGINIA BEACH , Va. , Feb. 12 ( UPI ) -- A Virginia man diagnosed with schizophrenia told reporters that he cut his 5 - year - old son 's head off to save him from the anti-Christ .
Lawyers for Joseph H. Hagerman III have asked for a psychiatric evaluation , The Virginian - Pilot reported .
Hagerman was arrested Tuesday and appeared at his arraignment Wednesday via a video link from the jail .
Advertisement
Brandon Zeigler , Hagerman 's lawyer , said that his client 's jailhouse interview , broadcast on local television , shows his mental condition .
" There 's no way you can ... think that that is the ramblings of a sane individual , " the lawyer told the Virginian - Pilot .
During the interview , Hagerman said that God had told him to kill his son , Joshua , to keep him from the anti-Christ .
Shirley Hagerman called police Tuesday morning , saying that her husband had killed their son and injured her in their home in Virginia Beach .
Christopher Bellamy , music director at a church Hagerman formerly attended , said that he first showed symptoms of schizophrenia while he was in the Marines .
Bellamy said that medication appeared to be controlling the symptoms , although on his Web site Hagerman credited Jesus .
" It 's not about me , " Doug Rokke said , and only reluctantly rattled off his laundry list of symptoms : fibromyalgia , broken teeth , radiation - induced cataracts , gastrointestinal pain .
And I know it 's not about him , any more than it 's about you or me .
" It . "
The war , the consequences .
The environmental consequences are beyond calculation , and perhaps for that reason little discussed , never " debated . "
What does it matter that we went into Iraq on lies , faulty intelligence , whatever ?
Surely the most elaborately justified of invasions would not have been worth , well . . .
We know about the VA scandal , the great betrayal , but what almost no one talks about are the numbers .
According to Veterans Administration figures from last November , 205,000 GIs who have returned from Iraq and Afghanistan , a third of the total , have sought medical care , for such problems as malignant tumors ( 1,584 ) , endocrinal and metabolic diseases ( 36,409 ) , nervous system diseases ( 61,524 ) , digestive system diseases ( 63,002 ) , musculoskeletal diseases ( 87,590 ) , and mental disorders ( 73,157 ) , among many other conditions .
One of the largest categories is " ill defined , " a.k.a. mystery conditions ( 67,743 ) .
In comparison , a relatively small number ( 35,765 ) have sought VA care for injuries .
The staggeringly backlogged Veterans Administration , which takes on average six months to process a claim and two years to process an appeal , cannot begin to cope with this onslaught of need and misery , but in contemplating the unconscionable lack of planning that resulted in this disaster , let 's not forget to ask a more basic question :
Why are all these GIs getting sick ?
And with even more urgent moral imperative , especially in the context of the invasion 's justification , we must also ask :
What about the Iraqis ?
Count on it , if our vets are sick , so are the Iraqis ' children , their elderly , and they 're making do with a shattered health - care infrastructure that makes our own look positively First World .
While obviously this is bigger than Doug Rokke , who is , finally , just another sick , outspoken vet , when I visited him recently on his farm in central Illinois -- sat for six hours with him in front of his computer , looking at data , on the day before Easter -- I could feel the enormity of the disaster get very , very personal .
Rokke , who spent 40 years in the military , retiring with the rank of major , is a veteran of both Vietnam ( two tours of duty , serving as a B - 52 crew member ) and Gulf War 1 .
By then he had his Ph.D. and , as a specialist in preventive medicine , was tapped to head a crew that cleaned up the aftermath of Desert Storm .
Their mission included readying U.S. tanks and troop transports destroyed by friendly fire to be sent back to the States , which meant , inevitably , breathing the toxic detritus of war , in particular the ultra - fine dust of exploded depleted - uranium munitions .
Today , his entire crew is either sick or dead .
But the illnesses came later .
Before that , a few years after his service in the Gulf , Rokke was called to military duty again , as director of the U.S. Army Depleted Uranium Project .
In this capacity , he became one of the world 's leading experts on DU and , ultimately , one of the most outspoken critics of its use .
This made him persona non grata to the war machine he once served with the last full measure of devotion , you might say .
Rokke the idealistic warrior -- a man steeped in military tradition and national service , named after his father 's hero , Gen. Douglas MacArthur -- began rethinking U.S. militarism and turned against it .
" When did it really break ?
1997 - 98 , " he said .
" My guys were sick and dying and I could n't get medical care .
They denied me medical care .
I was sold down the river with the rest of my guys . "
Later in our conversation , he revised that thought : " You asked what turned me ?
I was never turned .
I 'm finishing the job . "
The job is taking care of people .
" There is n't a day that goes by , " he went on , " when I do n't get a phone call , letter , e-mail or knock on the door from ( a vet ) needing help -- medical care . "
Think about those numbers again .
Several hundred thousand sick from the current wars , another several hundred thousand Gulf War 1 vets ailing and dying .
Referring to his namesake 's last hurrah speech at West Point , Rokke added , " I 'm an old soldier that ain't going to fade away till medical care is given to everyone and the environment is cleaned up .
" Tomorrow 's Easter , Bob , " he said , looking at me .
" Love thy neighbor .
Do unto others .
I believed them , too .
Then I learned .
Every single one of us , if we had to , ( would ) defend our nation against a viable enemy .
On the other hand , sometimes you gotta speak up . "
These are the words of a thwarted warrior , a betrayed warrior , driven by what he has seen and understood to turn around and stand up to the real threat : the friendly ( or fratricidal ) fire behind him .
The best of America is serving the worst .
_______
About author Robert Koehler , an award - winning , Chicago - based journalist , is an editor at Tribune Media Services and nationally syndicated writer .
You can respond to this column at Robert Koehler , an award - winning , Chicago - based journalist , is an editor at Tribune Media Services and nationally syndicated writer .
You can respond to this column at koehlercw@gmail.com
Barbra I 'm ho -- what the hells goin on ?!
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The Pope has called on ICANN to keep religion out of the domain name system .
The Vatican warned the internet address - making body of the “ perils ” of allowing new internet domains such as “ .catholic , .anglican , .orthodox , .hindu , .islam , .muslim , [ and ] . buddhist ” .
ICANN , frequently accused of mission creep , could find itself having to decide who gets to represent an entire religion on the internet , His Holiness pointed out , in a letter from Monsignor Carlo Maria Polvani .
Religion - themed domains could provoke “ bitter disputes ” that would force ICANN into “ recognizing to a particular group or to a specific organization the legitimacy to represent a given religious tradition , ” Polvani told outgoing ICANN chief Paul Twomey .
The warning came as ICANN , meeting this week in Mexico City , kicked off the latest in its interminable series of discussions into whether and how to allow new generic top - level domains ( gTLDs , in ICANN - speak ) onto the internet .
Figuring out how to safely create new gTLDs was the main reason for ICANN ’s creation over ten years ago .
But while it managed to squeeze out a handful of “ test ” domains , including .info , .museum , . travel and .biz , in 2001 , the organisation has been hopelessly entangled in self - imposed red tape ever since .
The current plan is for considerable liberalisation of the gTLD space , lowering the financial bar to entry and allowing potentially hundreds of new top - level domains to be launched over the next couple of years .
The Catholic Church is of course not the only interest group to stick its iron into the fire .
Internet inventor Al Gore yesterday threw his weight behind a company that wants to launch a “ .eco ” domain for green initiatives .
Gore was joined by ropey Bond , human double - entendre and UNICEF goodwill ambassador Roger Moore , who is sitting on Dot Eco ’s advisory board .
ICANN ’s Mexico meeting has also shown the growth of a movement supporting new city - specific gTLDs , led by German outfit dotBERLIN and including groups from New York , Paris , Hamburg , Quebec and Boston .
So confident are they at getting their dot - city domains online , that they this week applied to join one of ICANN ’s powerful “ supporting organisations ” as a fully fledged constituency on a level pegging with , for example , the companies that run .com and .org .
But while the domain name industry is dying for new products to sell , and at least some new namespaces seem to be a foregone conclusion , not everybody is clamouring for the new gTLDs .
Intellectual property groups such as the International Trademark Association and powerful business interests including Microsoft , Time Warner and Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corp have comprehensively objected to the project .
Time Warner told ICANN back in December that the 2001 round of new domains , “ of most of which nearly all internet users remain entirely ignorant ” , may have “ padded the revenue streams of registries ” but that “ the typical internet user has reaped little if any benefit ” .
The key objections are financial .
If there are hundreds of new gTLDs , the argument goes , then companies will be forced to protect their brands in hundreds of new namespaces .
This could mean either forking over the cash to register the domain , or paying expensive lawyers to contest “ cybersquatter ” registrations .
For companies with hundred of trademarks , the cost could easily escalate into the millions .
When typos are considered , the price would rise even further .
Microsoft describes its costs under the existing system of a mere 280 top - level domains as “ staggering ” .
Because any string could be proposed as an after - the - dot gTLD , there ’s the added problems of figuring out whether “ .apple ” should belong to the Apple computer company or the Apple music publisher , and whether News Corp , say , could claim exclusive rights to “ . news ” .
The objections are not falling on deaf ears .
ICANN has now decided to delay the first round of gTLD applications by several months until as late as the first quarter of next year , while it works on an unanticipated third draft of its Applicant Guidebook , the manual which lays down the law for would - be registries . ®
Teacher sacked two hours into job ... for ' calling pupils retards '
A teacher was told to leave just two hours into his first day at a school after he was accused of calling a class of 10 - year - old children ' retards ' .
Supply teacher Michael Wood was fired on the spot after pupils complained that he had told them : ' You are acting like a bunch of retards . '
Mr Wood was ordered to leave Mawney Primary School in Romford , Essex , at 11 am , just two hours after he had turned up .
The supply teacher was told to leave Mawney Primary School in Romford , Essex , just two hours after turning up
The lecturer , who has taught for 18 years and was covering for a regular teacher for one day last month , was instructed to leave the 113 - year - old school immediately .
Headteacher Craig Brown , who has taken a tough stand against bullying and name - calling among pupils , said : ' We have a very high standard of professionalism at the Mawney School and expect this standard to be upheld by all staff , including supply teachers . '
He added : ' We found the language used by the supply teacher we contracted for that day was entirely unacceptable and we had no choice but to terminate his contract . '
London - based teaching agency Timeplan , which employed Mr Wood , has now taken him off its books .
TimePlan managing director , Tish Seabourne , said : ' He admitted making the " retard " comment and admitted he had made a grave and huge error of judgment .
' He concluded that the challenges of supply teaching were not for him - and we agreed with him . '
The Mail was unable to contact Mr Wood for comment .
The Italian government has been plunged into a constitutional crisis over the fate of a 38 - year - old woman who has been in a coma for the past 17 years .
Eluana Englaro was left in a vegetative state after a car crash in 1992 .
After a decade - long court battle , doctors reduced her nutrition on Friday in preparation for removing her feeding tubes , which her father claims would be in accordance with her wishes .
But in an extraordinary turn of events , the country 's prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi , after consultation with the Vatican , has issued an emergency decree stating that food and water cannot be suspended for any patient depending upon them , reversing the earlier court ruling .
On issuing the emergency decree , Berlusconi declared : " This is murder .
I would be failing to rescue her .
I 'm not a Pontius Pilate . "
Justifying his campaign to save Englaro 's life , the prime minister added that , physically at least , she was " in the condition to have babies " , a remark described by La Stampa newspaper as " shocking " .
Giorgio Napolitano , Italy 's president , has refused to sign the decree , but if it is ratified by the Italian parliament doctors may be obliged to resume the feeding of Eluana early this week .
But , in a moving interview with the Observer , Eluana 's father Beppino said last week that the doctors were carrying out his daughter 's wishes by allowing her to die .
" If she could n't be what she was ( before the accident in 1992 ) then she would not have wanted to live " .
The case has deeply divided Italian society and raised concerns over the influence of the Vatican .
Yesterday Pope Benedict indirectly referred to Englaro in a message delivered to mark the World Day of the Sick , stating that society had a duty to defend " the absolute and supreme dignity of every human being " even when " weak and shrouded in the mystery of suffering " .
But even some of Berlusconi 's political allies , including the president of the lower house of parliament , Gianfranco Fini , have stated that the supreme court ruling should be obeyed and Englaro should be allowed to die .
Opposition leader Walter Veltroni , of the centre - left Democratic party , said the government should leave the Englaro family in peace and warned that Berlusconi 's intervention " could cause a very dangerous constitutional crisis " .
Last night demonstrations in support of Eluana 's right to die and the supreme court ruling were taking place across Italy .
Meanwhile , doctors are continuing to act according to the original supreme court ruling .
On Friday morning in the La Quiete clinic in Udine , northern Italy , they began reducing the amount of food in Eluana Englaro 's feeding tube , according to a precise medical protocol that will see nutrition gradually replaced with sedative and anti-convulsant medication .
Experts say that within four to five days her condition may have deteriorated to an irreversible extent , though it might be two weeks or more before her heart stops .
The process means the Englaro family and their doctors are now in a race against time as they try to end Eluana 's life before the Berlusconi government and its backers in the Vatican halt the process .
Beppino , 67 , was last night in the family home in Lecco , 30 miles north of Milan , caring for his wife and Eluana 's mother , Saturna , who is gravely ill with cancer .
After a long , agonising fight to allow his daughter to die , he described the government 's last - ditch attempts as " a grotesque attack on my family " .
Prior to issuing the decree , Berlusconi was involved in frantic telephone exchanges with the Vatican head of state , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , who implored the prime minister to prevent Eluana 's death .
The cardinal reportedly told Berlusconi : " We have to stop this crime against humanity . "
Doctors have confirmed that , after 17 years and with such catastrophic brain damage , Eluana will never regain consciousness or awareness .
The anaesthetist caring for her , Professor Antonio de Monte , said : " Eluana died 17 years ago . "
Right - to - die cases
Tony Bland
During the 1989 Hillsborough disaster Bland , from Keighley , Yorkshire , suffered two punctured lungs , blocking oxygen flow to his brain and was left in a persistent vegetative state ( PVS ) .
After campaigns on both sides , the House of Lords ruled in 1993 that withdrawing treatment , as advised by a doctor and approved by Bland 's parents , was lawful .
Sue Rodriguez
Diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 1991 , Rodriguez began a campaign against Canada 's law forbidding medically assisted suicides .
Her two - year legal battle ended with the Canadian supreme court ruling against her .
Rodriguez eventually found a physician willing to assist in her death in 1994 .
Terri Schiavo
Respiratory and cardiac arrest in 1990 caused Schiavo massive brain damage leading to PVS .
After eight years , her husband Michael Schiavo petitioned the Florida courts to have her life support removed .
Terri 's family appealed , leading to a seven - year legal battle .
Her feeding tube was finally removed in 2005 .
Daniel James
The former England youth rugby player , 23 , was left paralysed when a scrum collapsed .
In need of 24 - hour care , he applied to the Dignitas suicide clinic and travelled with his parents to Switzerland last September .
James 's parents were caught up in a tabloid frenzy on their return .
Craig Ewert
Ewert 's assisted death caused headlines when he allowed it to be filmed for a Sky documentary , Right to Die , screened in December 2008 .
The former university professor , from Harrogate , North Yorkshire , was suffering from motor neurone disease and was filmed at Dignitas 's clinic kissing his wife goodbye and then drinking a lethal mixture .
Richard Rogers
I can't believe there 's yet more major news , all in one day .
But there is , from the bankruptcy front .
SCO 's period of exclusivity is over , as you can see from the minutes of today 's hearing [ PDF ] .
Look at number 1 on the list under the heading " Proceedings " and you will see the word : " DENIED " .
This was regarding the SCO motion [ PDF ] to extend the period of exclusivity , its 4th , the motion that Al Petrofsky objected to pro se , as you can see on the Notice of matters on the agenda for today .
So now IBM and Novell and the US Trustee 's office and any creditors -- they can one and all come up with plans , not just SCO , and may the best one win , so to speak .
IBM was represented , as was Novell , and the US Trustee was in attendance today too , as you can see from the attachment [ PDF ] , listing everyone there .
There was a status conference on SCO 's latest plan , but we 'll have to wait for the transcript of the hearing for those details .
But I can guess .
Not exactly airborne , is my best guess , given the rest of the day 's news .
What might it mean ?
Chapter 7 , anyone ?
A real plan that does n't leave Novell out in the cold ?
That would be a nice change .
Here are the filings :
03/30/2009 - 730 - Order ( SUPPLEMENTAL ) Granting And Sustaining Debtors First ( Non-Substantive ) Omnibus Objection To Claims ( related document (s ) 574 ) Order Signed on 3/30/2009 .
( Attachments : # 1 Exhibit " A " ) ( JSJ ) ( Entered : 03/30/2009 )
03/30/2009 - 731 - Minutes of Hearing held on : 03/30/2009 Subject : DISCLOSURE STATEMENT . ( vCal Hearing ID ( 88117 ) ) .
( related document (s ) 727 ) ( SS ) Additional attachment (s ) added on 3/30/2009 ( SS ) .
( Entered : 03/30/2009 )
Update :
Here are some possible outcomes , besides Chapter 7 or a successful sale and reorganization by SCO , from the US Courts Bankruptcy Basics , Chapter 11 : Appointment or Election of a Case Trustee Although the appointment of a case trustee is a rarity in a chapter 11 case , a party in interest or the U.S. trustee can request the appointment of a case trustee or examiner at any time prior to confirmation in a chapter 11 case .
The court , on motion by a party in interest or the U.S. trustee and after notice and hearing , shall order the appointment of a case trustee for cause , including fraud , dishonesty , incompetence , or gross mismanagement , or if such an appointment is in the interest of creditors , any equity security holders , and other interests of the estate .
11 U.S.C. § 1104 ( a ) .
Moreover , the U.S. trustee is required to move for appointment of a trustee if there are reasonable grounds to believe that any of the parties in control of the debtor " participated in actual fraud , dishonesty or criminal conduct in the management of the debtor or the debtor 's financial reporting . "
11 U.S.C. § 1104 (e ) .
The trustee is appointed by the U.S. trustee , after consultation with parties in interest and subject to the court 's approval .
Fed. R. Bankr .
P. 2007.1 .
Alternatively , a trustee in a case may be elected if a party in interest requests the election of a trustee within 30 days after the court orders the appointment of a trustee .
In that instance , the U.S. trustee convenes a meeting of creditors for the purpose of electing a person to serve as trustee in the case .
11 U.S.C. § 1104 ( b ) .
The case trustee is responsible for management of the property of the estate , operation of the debtor 's business , and , if appropriate , the filing of a plan of reorganization .
Section 1106 of the Bankruptcy Code requires the trustee to file a plan " as soon as practicable " or , alternatively , to file a report explaining why a plan will not be filed or to recommend that the case be converted to another chapter or dismissed .
11 U.S.C. § 1106 ( a ) ( 5 ) .
Upon the request of a party in interest or the U.S. trustee , the court may terminate the trustee 's appointment and restore the debtor in possession to management of bankruptcy estate at any time before confirmation .
11 U.S.C. § 1105 .
The Role of an Examiner The appointment of an examiner in a chapter 11 case is rare .
The role of an examiner is generally more limited than that of a trustee .
The examiner is authorized to perform the investigatory functions of the trustee and is required to file a statement of any investigation conducted .
If ordered to do so by the court , however , an examiner may carry out any other duties of a trustee that the court orders the debtor in possession not to perform .
11 U.S.C. § 1106 .
Each court has the authority to determine the duties of an examiner in each particular case .
In some cases , the examiner may file a plan of reorganization , negotiate or help the parties negotiate , or review the debtor 's schedules to determine whether some of the claims are improperly categorized .
Sometimes , the examiner may be directed to determine if objections to any proofs of claim should be filed or whether causes of action have sufficient merit so that further legal action should be taken .
The examiner may not subsequently serve as a trustee in the case .
11 U.S.C. § 321 .
Presumably , if SCO is n't ready to file a plan , they 'd prefer the latter to the former , since under the latter scenario , the executives remain in charge .
And here 's the information , from the same page , on the outside limits of the period of exclusivity : Who Can File a Plan The debtor ( unless a " small business debtor " ) has a 120 - day period during which it has an exclusive right to file a plan .
11 U.S.C. § 1121 ( b ) .
This exclusivity period may be extended or reduced by the court .
But , in no event , may the exclusivity period , including all extensions , be longer than 18 months .
11 U.S.C. § 1121 ( d ) .
After the exclusivity period has expired , a creditor or the case trustee may file a competing plan .
The U.S. trustee may not file a plan .
11 U.S.C. § 307 .
A chapter 11 case may continue for many years unless the court , the U.S. trustee , the committee , or another party in interest acts to ensure the case 's timely resolution .
The creditors ' right to file a competing plan provides incentive for the debtor to file a plan within the exclusivity period and acts as a check on excessive delay in the case .
Heh heh .
That 's the theory , anyway .
SCO filed for Chapter 11 protection in September of 2007 .
So they did stretch it out as long as the law allows .
Actually , there is another nuance : Acceptance of the Plan of Reorganization
As noted earlier , only the debtor may file a plan of reorganization during the first 120 - day period after the petition is filed ( or after entry of the order for relief , if an involuntary petition was filed ) .
The court may grant extension of this exclusive period up to 18 months after the petition date .
In addition , the debtor has 180 days after the petition date or entry of the order for relief to obtain acceptances of its plan .
11 U.S.C. § 1121 .
The court may extend ( up to 20 months ) or reduce this acceptance exclusive period for cause .
11 U.S.C. § 1121 ( d ) .
In practice , debtors typically seek extensions of both the plan filing and plan acceptance deadlines at the same time so that any order sought from the court allows the debtor two months to seek acceptances after filing a plan before any competing plan can be filed .
If the exclusive period expires before the debtor has filed and obtained acceptance of a plan , other parties in interest in a case , such as the creditors ' committee or a creditor , may file a plan .
Such a plan may compete with a plan filed by another party in interest or by the debtor .
If a trustee is appointed , the trustee must file a plan , a report explaining why the trustee will not file a plan , or a recommendation for conversion or dismissal of the case .
11 U.S.C. § 1106 ( a ) ( 5 ) .
A proponent of a plan is subject to the same requirements as the debtor with respect to disclosure and solicitation .
In a chapter 11 case , a liquidating plan is permissible .
Such a plan often allows the debtor in possession to liquidate the business under more economically advantageous circumstances than a chapter 7 liquidation .
It also permits the creditors to take a more active role in fashioning the liquidation of the assets and the distribution of the proceeds than in a chapter 7 case .
So there are actually two exclusivity deadlines , one for filing a plan and the second for acceptance .
You can read the history of all the extensions in SCO 's Fourth Motion [ PDF ] for another extension of exclusivity .
Originally the deadline for filing a plan was set to expire on January 12 , 2008 .
But SCO filed for an extension and got it , setting the two new deadlines for May 11 , 2008 and July 11 , 2008 for acceptance .
Then in February of 2008 , SCO filed a plan and disclosure statement .
But there were objections filed , and then on May 9 , 2008 , SCO filed a second motion to extend the exclusivity period .
This was granted also , so the two new deadlines were supposed to be December 31 , 2008 and March 2 , 2009 .
The motion at issue at yesterday 's hearing , then , was asking to extend the deadlines 16 days .
Of course , you likely notice that the motion was filed on December 30th and the deadline to file a plan was due to run out the following day .
So .
A way to try to get a de facto extension ?
Who knows , but that is when it was filed .
From my reading of the rules , I do n't think the deadline can be extended after the 18 months have run out .
The following month , in any case , on January 22nd , Petrofsky filed his objection [ PDF ] titled " Objection of Petrofsky to Fourth Motion by Debtors Under Section 1121 ( d ) for Extension of Exclusivity Deadlines " .
But the actual objection was not to the deadline to file a plan .
As you can see on the first page , the objection was only to the 16 - day extension request related to acceptance .
The basis for the motion was that " the request is premature and can be better addressed in March when more information will be available . "
By then , it would presumably be known if the latest disclosure statement was approved , and so the objection says that SCO 's motion should be denied " without prejudice to the Debtors filing another timely extension motion on or before March 2 . "
Paragraphs 10 and 11 : 10 .
The Debtors apparently intend ( barring another last - minute about - face ) to seek approval of a disclosure statement on February 25 .
If such approval is obtained on that date , or on any date on or before March 2 , and the Debtors then file another motion to extend the Plan Acceptance Deadline to March 18 , I will have no objection .
11 . However , if , come March 2 , the Debtors have not made an iota of progress toward confirmation , then the estate would clearly be damaged if exclusivity needlessly continued , due to the court having prematurely granted an extension .
Time is of the essence in bringing this case to a resolution .
The Debtors ' Monthly Operating Reports show that the health of the estate has been steadily deteriorating under the Debtors ' stewardship .
At the time , there was a hearing scheduled regarding the disclosure statement for February 25 .
Then on February 18 , IBM filed an Objection to SCO 's Motion to Approve Disclosure Statement .
So did Novell .
Those two objections pretty much stood for their objections to extension of the deadline for acceptance , in a way , in that they asked that the disclosure statement , and hence acceptance , not happen * at all * in its current form .
For them , it was not about 16 days here or there ; to them , the plan was not worthy of confirmation at any time .
Then on February 23 , two days before the hearing was scheduled to occur , it was cancelled [ PDF ] and two hearing dates were set up .
The one relevant to IBM and Novell 's objections to SCO 's disclosure statement was set for March 30 .
That same day the hearing was rescheduled , February 23 , Petrofsky filed a supplemental objection [ PDF ] .
In it we learn that at the January 29th hearing , SCO attorney Grace Robson offered to continue the hearing on SCO 's motion for another extension to the February 25th hearing , with the exclusivity extending until then , and Petrofsky agreed to that .
Page 3 : 4 . As I stated in my original Objection , I do not object to a further enlargement of the 120 - day period specified in 11 U.S.C. 1121 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( the " Plan - Filing Period " ) to extend it through January 16 , 2009 .
The issue in dispute was the requested further enlargement of the 180 - day period specified in 11 U.S.C.
1121 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( the " Plan - Acceptance Period " ) .
5 . As I agreed at the January hearing , if the Court approves a disclosure statement at the February hearing and sets a confirmation hearing date that is on or about March 25 , then I have no objection to the Plan - Acceptance Period being extended through that date .
6 . As the Debtors agreed at the January hearing , if the Court does not approve a disclosure statement at the February 25 hearing , then the Court should do as I requested in my original Objection : enter an order granting an extension of the Plan - Filing Period through January 16 , 2009 , but denying , without prejudice , any extension of the Plan - Acceptance Period .
For this alternative , I have attached a suitable proposed form of order .
7 . I oppose any further continuation of the hearing on the motion .
When the 25th got rescheduled for March 30th , despite his objection , so did his objection to the motion .
That was to be the hearing on SCO 's motion , so that is how all that happened .
But at the same time , the issues raised by IBM and Novell were also to be heard .
Their objections , unlike Petrofsky's , were fundamental -- that the disclosure statement should not be approved at all .
And if it was not confirmed , then it would mean that SCO had missed the deadline Petrofsky was objecting to , in that he had no objection to an extension if the disclosure statement was approved .
He was , as I read it , saying to hurry up and confirm and get the show on the road .
In that sense , I read it as helpful to SCO .
IBM and Novell , in contrast , were arguing that the exclusivity period was up , and SCO had failed to file an acceptable plan .
You can find SCO 's plan of reorganization and the disclosure statement here , if you 'd like to dig further .
All of this was happening while I was on my break , which is why I 'm trying to bring us up to speed now .
Now , let 's look at what IBM was objecting to , which was the disclosure statement itself , not dates of confirmation of it , so you 'll know what it would have been arguing yesterday at the hearing : Preliminary Statement 1 .
The Motion seeks approval of a Disclosure Statement for the Debtors ' Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization , filed January 8 , 2009 ( the " Amended Plan " ) [ Docket No. 654 ] , that lacks substantial and necessary information : ( 1 ) an accurate and adequate summary of the Amended Plan and sufficient information describing its proposed execution ; ( 2 ) adequate information about reorganized SCO 's business plan as a going - concern ; ( 3 ) adequate information about financial projections ; ( 4 ) adequate information about certain pending intellectual property litigation ; ( 5 ) a complete and accurate description and valuation of the Debtors ' assets and sufficient detail with respect to the condition of the Debtors during the pendency of these Chapter 11 cases ; ( 6 ) any information regarding the potential business risks posed if reorganized SCO proceeds under the Amended Plan ; and ( 7 ) adequate information with respect to the potential Federal tax consequences under the Amended Plan .
2 . Because all of this information is required to enable creditors and equity security holders to make an informed judgment about whether to accept or reject the Amended Plan , the Disclosure Statement does not meet the requirements of section 1125 that a disclosure statement contain " adequate information " .
For these reasons , as explained more fully below , this Court should deny the Motion ....
Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons , IBM respectfully requests that this Court deny the Motion unless SCO supplements the Disclosure Statement to provide adequate information about the matters set forth above .
So IBM 's issue was n't whether SCO should have 16 more days or not .
Its objection was to the plan itself and to its disclosure statement altogether .
The plan was no plan , in fact , IBM argued in its objection , because there was inadequate information .
How can creditors evaluate a plan if they are not clear about what the plan is or how a reorganized SCO might have a viable business going forward ?
26 .
The need for " adequate information " about reorganized SCO 's go - forward business model is especially acute because the Amended Plan does not seem even to address any of the factors that drove SCO into bankruptcy .
SCO filed for Chapter 11 because of , among other things , a significant " decline in revenue " in UNIX - based products and services over the past several years due to increased competition .
( D.S. at 10 - 11 . )
The Disclosure Statement does not suggest that this problem has gone away and simply offers up an Asset Sale that would involve selling all or some portion of the Mobility and OpenServer Businesses , which appear to include every single viable non-UNIX business the Debtors own .
In effect , the Disclosure Statement informs creditors and equity security holders that if the Asset Sale is consummated , the result would divest SCO of its entire mobile business , the very same mobile business that the Debtors devote numerous Disclosure Statement pages to describing as representative of the next - generation of the reorganized Debtors ' products and services ; the very same mobile business that the Debtors adorn with expectations of explosive growth in emerging markets and the very same mobile business for which the Disclosure Statements makes inflated promises , including , notably , the SCO Cloud Server initiative , which " is designed to become the foundation of the reorganized SCO [ sic ] for the next 30 years . "
( D.S. at 24 , See also , Id. at 6 - 9 , 22 - 24 ( for various descriptions of the Debtors ' mobile products and services ) . )
Yet the Disclosure Statement provides only vague , general statements about the remaining UNIX - based business ....
33 .
Additionally , the descriptions and financial projections of certain of the go - forward business model 's elements , not including the as yet unreleased SCO UNIX Virtual line of products and services , often appear to be based on factually unsupported assumptions as to projected revenue growth .
While debtors may be entitled to a certain degree of optimism and the view that their operations may improve , the Debtors here cannot reasonably represent that their operations will improve if all historical facts and their own admissions suggest the contrary , including the disclosure that SCO filed for Chapter 11 because of , among other things , a significant " decline in revenue " in UNIX - based products and services over the past several years due to increased competition .
( See , D.S. at 10 - 11 . )
The Disclosure Statement nowhere suggests that this problem has gone away .
34 .
The Disclosure Statement provides no financial projections estimating the potential effect on revenue of an improved pricing and discount strategy nor any information as to the time for implementing the strategy .
The only business for which the Disclosure Statement provides the pricing change effective date is " FCmobilelife " , but any change for FCmobilelife is likely to be inconsequential for reorganized SCO as a going - concern because it is part of the mobility business contemplated to be sold in the Asset Sale .
Then there is the issue of how creditors would be paid .
IBM , for example , seems to be getting ... well , maybe nothing of value at all in the proposed plan .
There are many , many other objections in their list , enough to fill up the hearing .
But Novell objected too , and here are some of the reasons : Novell , Inc. ( " Novell " ) , and its subsidiary , SUSE Linux GmbH ( " SUSE " and together with Novell the " Novell Parties " ) object to the proposed Disclosure Statement in Connection with Debtors ' Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization ( the " Amended Disclosure Statement " or " ADS " ) of debtors and debtors in possession The SCO Group , Inc. and SCO Operations , Inc. ( " SCO " or the " Debtors " ) in connection with their Debtors ' Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization ( the " Amended Plan " or " AP " ) .
To fund the Amended Plan , the Debtors propose a combination of continued business operations and possible auction sale of some of their assets .
The Amended Plan proposes to pay most creditors in full quickly , but considerably stretches out payment of one of the two classes of general unsecured creditors : the class of general unsecured creditors , such as Novell , International Business Machines ( " IBM " ) and Red Hat , against whom the SCO is in prepetition litigation .
As certain pivotal plan terms reflect , the Debtors themselves recognize that they may be unable to pay these litigation creditors in full , so the Amended Plan proposes to pay them in new SCO stock if cash to pay them is in insufficient .
In the meantime , however , SCO 's current shareholders will be able to keep their existing stock .
Clearly , the Debtors ' ability to fund the Amended Plan is crucial to all creditors , but especially the litigation creditors .
Hence , a thorough analysis of the Debtors ' business plan , the proposed auction , and the claims the Debtors may have to pay , is indispensable to help creditors decide whether to vote for the Amended Plan .
Yet , the Amended Disclosure Statement fails to provide the kind of meaningful information that would enable creditors to judge the Debtors ' prospects of meeting their commitments under the Amended Plan .
For this reason , the Court should deny approval of the Amended Disclosure Statement .
The Court should also disapprove the Amended Disclosure Statement because the Amended Plan is unconfirmable on its face as violating the absolute priority rule in permitting existing shareholders to retain their stock even though its terms explicitly anticipate that litigation creditors may not be paid in full ....
IV .
CONCLUSION 26 .
Facing the expiration of their exclusivity rights for plan confirmation after languishing in chapter 11 for nearly 1 1/2 years , the Debtors ' overriding concern remains control of the Pending Litigation for as long as possible in the hope it will prove to be a windfall .
The Amended Plan has been cobbled together to serve this purpose .
The Amended Disclosure Statement has been compiled accordingly .
It is filled with material that either simply tracks the Amended Plan or is pro forma that is " disclosure " in name only .
For the reasons stated above , the Amended Disclosure Statement is inadequate and should be rejected .
As you can see , Novell also raised fundamental objections to the plan and the disclosure statement , and you 'll note that Novell mentions that SCO was facing , as of the February 18th date of this filing , " the expiration of their exclusivity rights for plan confirmation " .
In short , the clock ran out , and no viable plan was offered , according to both IBM and Novell , so now they are free , as are other creditors , to offer plans they think might work better than SCO's .
Every year , at least a dozen children die in overheated cars in the U.S. because parents forgot they were there .
Do n’t assume , says The Washington Post ’s Gene Weingarten , that it could n’t happen to you .
The defendant was an immense man , well over 300 pounds , but in the gravity of his sorrow and shame he seemed larger still .
He hunched forward in his wooden chair , sobbing softly into tissue after tissue , a leg bouncing nervously under the table .
The room was a sepulcher .
Witnesses spoke softly of events so painful that many lost their composure .
When a hospital emergency room nurse described how the defendant had behaved after the police first brought him in , she wept .
He was virtually catatonic , she remembered , his eyes shut tight , rocking back and forth , locked away in some unfathomable private torment .
He would not speak at all for the longest time , not until the nurse sank down beside him and held his hand .
It was only then that the patient began to open up , and what he said was that he did n’t want any sedation , that he did n’t deserve a respite from pain , that he wanted to feel it all , and then to die .
The charge in the courtroom was manslaughter , brought by the Commonwealth of Virginia .
No significant facts were in dispute .
Miles Harrison , 49 , had been a diligent businessman and a doting , conscientious father until the day last summer — beset by problems at work , making call after call on his cell phone — he forgot to drop his son , Chase , at day care .
The toddler slowly sweltered to death , strapped into a car seat for nearly nine hours in an office parking lot in the blistering heat of July .
It was an inexplicable , inexcusable mistake , but was it a crime ?
That was the question for a judge to decide .
“ Death by hyperthermia ” is the official designation .
When it happens to young children , the facts are often the same :
An otherwise attentive parent one day gets busy , or distracted , or confused by a change in his or her daily routine , and just ... forgets a child is in the car .
It happens that way somewhere in the United States 15 to 25 times a year , parceled out through the spring , summer , and early fall .
The season is almost upon us .
Two decades ago , this was relatively rare .
But in the early 1990s , car - safety experts declared that passenger - side front airbags could kill children , and they recommended that child seats be moved to the back of the car ; then , for even more safety for the very young , that the baby seats be pivoted to face the rear .
If few foresaw the tragic consequence of the lessened visibility of the child ... well , who can blame them ?
What kind of person forgets a baby ?
The wealthy do , it turns out .
And the poor , and the middle class .
Parents of all ages and ethnicities do it .
Mothers are just as likely to do it as fathers .
It happens to the chronically absent - minded and to the fanatically organized , to the college - educated and to the marginally literate .
Last year it happened three times in one day , the worst day so far in the worst year so far in a phenomenon that gives no sign of abating .
The facts in each case differ a little , but always there is the terrible moment when the parent realizes what he or she has done , often through a phone call from a spouse or caregiver .
This is followed by a frantic sprint to the car .
What awaits there is the worst thing in the world .
In Miles Harrison ’s case , the judge ultimately decided there was no crime because there was no intent .
Prosecutors , judges , and juries reach similar conclusions in many of these cases .
But if Harrison ’s failing is not manslaughter , what is it ?
An accident ?
“ That ’s an imperfect word . ”
This is Mark Warschauer , an expert in language learning .
“ The word ‘ accident ’ makes it sound like it ca n’t be prevented , but ‘ incident ’ makes it sound trivial .
And it is not trivial . ”
Warschauer is a professor at the University of California at Irvine .
In the summer of 2003 , he returned to his office from lunch to find a crowd surrounding a car in the parking lot .
Police had smashed the window open with a crowbar .
Only as he got closer did Warschauer realize it was his car .
That was his first clue that he ’d forgotten to drop his 10 - month - old son , Mikey , at day care that morning .
Mikey was dead .
Warschauer was n’t charged with a crime , but for months afterward he contemplated suicide .
Gradually , he says , the urge subsided , if not the grief and guilt .
“ We lack a term for what this is , ” Warschauer says .
And also , he says , we need an understanding of why it happens to the people it happens to .
David Diamond is picking at his breakfast at a Washington , D.C. , hotel , trying to explain .
“ Memory is a machine , ” he says , “ and it is not flawless .
If you ’re capable of forgetting your cell phone , you are potentially capable of forgetting your child . ”
Diamond is a professor of molecular physiology at the University of South Florida .
He ’s in D.C. to give a conference speech about his research , which involves the intersection of emotion , stress , and memory .
What he ’s found is that under some circumstances , the most sophisticated part of our thought - processing center can be held hostage to a competing memory system , a primitive portion of the brain that is — by a design as old as the dinosaur ’s — pigheaded , nonanalytical , stupid .
Diamond recently forgot , while driving to a mall , that his infant granddaughter was asleep in the back of his car .
He remembered , he said , only because his wife mentioned the baby .
So he understands what could have happened had he been alone with the child .
Almost worse , he understands exactly why .
The human brain , he says , is a jury - rigged device in which newer and more sophisticated structures sit atop a junk heap of prototype brains still used by lower species .
At the top are the most nimble parts : the prefrontal cortex , which thinks and analyzes , and the hippocampus , which makes and holds on to our immediate memories .
At the bottom is the basal ganglia , nearly identical to the brains of lizards , controlling voluntary but barely conscious actions .
Diamond says that in situations involving familiar , routine motor skills , the human animal presses the basal ganglia into service as a sort of autopilot .
When our prefrontal cortex and hippocampus are planning our day on the way to work , the ignorant basal ganglia is operating the car ; that ’s why you ’ll sometimes find yourself having driven from point A to point B without a clear recollection of the route you took , the turns you made , or the scenery you saw .
Ordinarily , says Diamond , this delegation of duty “ works beautifully , like a symphony . ”
But sudden or chronic stress can weaken the brain ’s higher - functioning centers , making them more susceptible to bullying from the basal ganglia .
He ’s seen that pattern in cases he ’s followed involving infant deaths in cars .
“ The quality of prior parental care seems to be irrelevant , ” he said .
“ The important factors that keep showing up involve a combination of stress , emotion , lack of sleep , and change in routine , where the basal ganglia is trying to do what it ’s supposed to do , and the conscious mind is too weakened to resist .
What happens is that the memory circuits in a vulnerable hippocampus literally get overwritten , like with a computer program .
Unless the memory circuit is rebooted — such as if the child cries , or , you know , if the wife mentions the child in the back — it can entirely disappear . ”
Diamond stops .
“ There is a case in Virginia where this is exactly what happened , the whole set of stress factors .
I was consulted on it a couple of years ago .
It was a woman named , ah ... ”
He puts down his fork and shakes his head .
He ’s been stressing over his conference speech , he says , and his memory retrieval is shot .
He ca n’t summon the name .
Lyn Balfour ?
“ Yeah , Lyn Balfour !
The perfect storm . ”
Raelyn Balfour is what is commonly called a type - A personality .
The 37 - year - old Army reservist is the first to admit that her inclination to take on multiple challenges at once contributed to the death of her son , Bryce , two years ago .
It happened on March 30 , 2007 , the day she accidentally left the 9 - month - old in the parking lot of the Charlottesville , Va. , judge advocate general ’s office , where she worked as a transportation administrator .
The temperature that day was only in the 60s , but heat builds quickly in a closed vehicle in the sun .
The temperature inside Balfour ’s car that day topped 110 degrees .
Circumstances had conspired against Balfour .
She had been up much of the night , first baby - sitting for a friend with a pet emergency , then caring for Bryce , who was cranky with a cold .
Because the baby was still tired , he uncharacteristically dozed in the car , so he made no noise .
Because Balfour was planning to bring Bryce ’s usual car seat to the fire station to be professionally installed , Bryce was positioned in a different car seat that day , directly behind the driver , and thus less visible .
Because of a phone conversation with a young relative in trouble , and another with her boss about a crisis at work , Balfour spent most of the trip on her cell , stressed , solving other people ’s problems .
One more thing :
Because the baby sitter had a new phone , it did n’t yet contain Balfour ’s office phone number , only her cell number — so when the sitter phoned to wonder why Balfour had n’t dropped Bryce off that morning , it rang unheard in Balfour ’s pocketbook .
Balfour was charged with second - degree murder in Bryce ’s death but was eventually acquitted .
The key moment in her trial was when the defense attorney played for the jury a recording of a 911 call made by a passer - by in the first few seconds after Balfour discovered Bryce ’s body .
That tape is unendurable .
Mostly , you hear the passer - by ’s voice , tense but precise , explaining to a police dispatcher what she is seeing .
Initially , there ’s nothing in the background .
Then Balfour howls at the top of her lungs , “ OH , MY GOD , NOOOO ! ”
For a few seconds , there ’s nothing .
Then another deafening shriek : “ NO , NO , PLEASE , NO !!! ”
Unlike most parents who have suffered similar tragedies , Balfour now is willing to talk to the media , anytime .
She works with a group called Kids and Cars , telling her story repeatedly .
In public , she seldom seems in particular anguish .
No one sees her cry .
She has , she says , consciously crafted the face she shows .
“ People say I ’m a strong woman , but I ’m not .
I would like to disappear , to move someplace where no one knows who I am and what I did .
But I can ’t .
I ’m the lady who killed her child , and I have to be that lady because I promised Bryce . ”
Balfour has kept her promise in a way suited to her personality :
She has become a modern , maternal version of the Ancient Mariner .
When speaking to the media , her consistent message is that cars need safety devices to prevent similar tragedies .
From time to time , though , she will simply belly up to strangers in , say , a Sam ’s Club , and start a conversation about children , so she can tell them what she did to one of hers .
Her message :
This can happen to anyone .
From a longer story originally published in The Washington Post Magazine .
© 2009 by The Washington Post Co .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Mining giant Anglo American has sold its remaining 11.3 % stake in South African gold miner AngloGold Ashanti to investment funds managed by John Paulson 's firm for $ 1.28 billion .
London - based Anglo American AAUK ( AAL ) ( AGL ) , one of the world 's largest diversified mining groups , said late Tuesday that it has sold the stake to Paulson & Co. for $ 32 a share in cash , generating proceeds of $ 1.28 billion .
" The proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes , " Anglo American said in a statement .
" Consistent with Anglo American 's stated intention to dispose of this non-core holding , Anglo American no longer owns any shares in AngloGold Ashanti . "
Anglo American 's shareholding in AngloGold Ashanti AU , - 0.68 % ( AGD ) ( ANG ) was 16.2 % as of Dec. 31 last year .
Since then , Anglo American has sold that entire stake for a total of $ 1.77 billion .
“ " As the world deals with the global economic crisis the value of gold , as the only true ' hard currency , ' is coming to the fore as evidenced by the investment choices of some of the world 's most seasoned investors . " ” — Mark Cutifani , CEO of AngloGold Ashanti
" We believe AngloGold Ashanti is one of the best managed and most undervalued of the major global gold mining companies , " Paulson & Co. said in an emailed statement .
" We look forward to the implementation of their global expansion strategy . "
Hedge fund manager John Paulson , who is president of Paulson & Co. , became known for profiting handsomely from bets against subprime mortgages .
Based in Johannesburg , South Africa , AngloGold Ashanti produced 5.5 million ounces of gold in 2007 , or an estimated 7 % of global production , making it the third largest producer in the world , according to its Web site .
' Only true hard currency '
AngloGold Ashanti Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani welcomed Paulson & Co. as one his company 's largest shareholders .
" As the world deals with the global economic crisis , the value of gold , as the only true ' hard currency , ' is coming to the fore , as evidenced by the investment choices of some of the world 's most seasoned investors , " Cutifani said in an emailed statement .
Gold is typically seen as a safe - haven investment and demand for it tends to rise at times of financial and economic crisis .
Gold futures rallied 6 % to $ 942 an ounce in electronic trading on Wednesday , as the dollar tumbled after the Federal Reserve surprised investors and said it will buy long - term Treasurys .
Gold has surged 10 % over the last three months .
See Metals Stocks .
" We 're extremely pleased that someone with John Paulson 's track record and reputation has chosen AngloGold Ashanti as one of his investments through which to increase his exposure to the gold market , " Cutifani said .
" The Anglo American share overhang , with its depressing effect on our share price , has now gone . "
London - listed shares of Anglo American have fallen 63 % over the last 12 months , while U.S. - listed shares of AngloGold Ashanti are up 12.4 % in the same period .
" While we view the sale as positive , we do not expect a re-rating of the shares [ of Anglo American ] , " said Johan Rode , an analyst at Citigroup , adding that Anglo American 's shares are trading at a slight premium to its U.K. peers .
" Whilst we can see longer - term value through project development , the company has less flexibility than its peers to reduce costs and we see no near - term catalysts , " Rode said in a research note .
He maintained his " hold " rating on Anglo American and raised his target price to 11.5 British pounds a shares from 11 pounds a share to reflect the impact of the AngloGold deal .
MOV Direct Download
Interesting comments from Kucinich about a minute and a half into the clip above :
And finally , our plan is to tell the truth about 9/11
You might recall a post almost a year ago when Kucinich said :
Do we see a pattern here ?
9/11 ? Katrina ?
They knew something was going to happen and they did n't act .
Interestingly enough the following article is from just 11 days ago and seems to take a different position in regards to Kucinich :
Kucinich Office says , " 9/11 is over ... it's past " -- Review of 9/11 Report not a priority - 911citizenswatch.org
You can find Dennis Kucinich 's website at kucinich.us .
It might be a good idea to contact him with your thoughts , and encourage him to layout in detail on his website exactly what he hopes to do in office as related to 9/11 truth .
Thanks to Caveperson for the initial blog posting on this !
Next time you hear anti-gay forces try to speak their " truth " , let them know how hypocritical their philosophy of hate and misunderstanding really is .
Religion is a lifestyle choice , homosexuality is not .
The religious - right often says that homosexuality is a choice , when clearly the science and common sense is in that nobody would choose to feel ostracized , be a minority , or lead a life where they were n't given equal opportunities .
Judgment and hate are sinful , loving gay couples are not .
The people who use the Bible as a tool to preach anti-gay hate often point fingers accusing gay people of being sinners .
What they fail to realize is that the Bible is not to be taken literally , homosexuality is no more a sin , than being left handed , it is natural and God given , it is people in the context of an ancient culture who misunderstood homosexuality that wrote these verses .
For those who take a literal interpretation it is ironic that they rail against LGBT people while failing to remember the Bible says not to judge or to hate , but to love thy neighbor as thyself .
To walk in the way of Jesus is to reach out to LGBT people .
Jesus Christ made it his mission not to follow religious dogma and authority , he did not seek to reach out to the rich or those in power .
He set out to befriend and assist the poor , the weak , the disabled , and disenfranchised .
Jesus would clearly be reaching out to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people .
Religion seeks to recruit people into its lifestyle , LGBT people do n't .
Right - wing elements within organized religion often claims that gays are trying to " recruit people into their lifestyle " but last I checked one cannot alter a straight persons orientation .
We seek to educate , dialogue and gain equality not in an effort to turn people gay but turn peoples hearts and minds into seeing that we share the same hopes , and fears , and love that everyone else does .
If anyone is on a mission to recruit people into their lifestyle it would be organized religion and their missionaries .
These groups seek to convert people into their way of thinking , which they see as the only way .
The beauty of this Earth is that there are many ways to find inner peace and spirituality , and that there is a diversity of thought and of culture and to find God or to have no Gods at all .
Mark Zuckerberg started the site to help students connect
The founder of Facebook says the social network will return to its previous terms of service regarding user data .
In a blog post Mark Zuckerberg said the move was temporary " while we resolve the issues that people have raised " .
Users had complained after new terms of service seemed to suggest Facebook would retain personal data even if someone deleted their account .
Originally defending the changes , Mr Zuckerberg had said it was to better reflect how people used the site .
He had said the changes were made to ensure that if a user deleted his or her account any comments or messages he or she had left on a friend 's Facebook page would not also disappear .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
' Received questions '
In his updated blog entry , Mr Zuckerberg said : " the past couple of days , we received a lot of questions and comments about the changes and what they mean for people and their information .
Based on this feedback , we have decided to return to our previous terms of use while we resolve the issues that people have raised . "
Facebook users were advised on the change with a notice posted to their pages when logging in to the service .
He added : " Our next version will be a substantial revision from where we are now .
It will reflect the principles I described yesterday around how people share and control their information , and it will be written clearly in language everyone can understand . "
It appears to be going down the same road as Google .
Its halo is starting to slip
Simon Davies , Privacy International
He said Facebook would draw up a new governing document in conjunction with its users .
The row and reaction to the Facebook changes to its terms of service reflect a wider issue about user data and who owns the personal information - from comments , to photos and videos - stored on social network accounts , and what happens to it if a user decides to leave a service .
' Breach of faith ' Simon Davies of Privacy International called the change " a breach of faith by Facebook " .
" People are entitled to be outraged .
It flies in the face of the commitments that the company made to protect user privacy and to improve user controls , " he told BBC News .
So Mark Zuckerberg , the founder and boss of Facebook , has had to learn the hard way that a social network is nothing like e-mail
Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
Read Darren 's thoughts in full Send us your comments Mr Davies criticised the company for allowing commercial and legal concerns to override its commitment to users , saying : " It appears to be going down the same road as Google .
Its halo is starting to slip . "
" Now , there are other kids on the block , like Twitter , Facebook can only survive a certain number of disasters like this .
It will only last three years if it continues to make these errors . "
Facebook should commit to a privacy policy that would allow users to delete all data from its systems , including back - ups , within a specified time period , recommended Mr Davies .
Formal complaint
He also advised users to " ratchet their privacy settings up to the maximum " to restrict advertisers ' access to their data and ensure that their details are fully protected .
Earlier this week Mr Zuckerberg had likened the persistence of data across the social network , even after a user had decided to leave the service , to e-mail .
In the US , public interest group , the Electronic Privacy Information Center had warned it would file a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission about the new terms of service .
" We think that Facebook should go back to its original terms of service , " Epic 's executive director Marc Rotenberg , told PC World website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lyna Dale Quirk , a full - blooded Irish woman , was thoughtful enough to record this green cake recipe for posterity .
I ca n’t hoard this family gem any longer .
Enjoy !
Ingredients
5 eggs
1/2 cup oil
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup water
1 package white cake mix
2 package pistachio instant pudding mix
Directions
Beat eggs .
Add remaining ingredients .
Mix pudding in last & mix well .
Grease bundt pan & sprinkle with flour .
Pour batter in pan .
Bake at 350 degrees F for 65 - 70 minutes .
Test with toothpick & see if nothing sticks to it .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
" I 'm not going to take anything away from Ken .
I have a lot of people telling me I 'm going to crush him ; that ai n't the case man .
When you have a guy that has been fighting for as long as he has , he knows every trick in the book .
Quite honestly , for him to take this fight says a lot because I would n't fight me right now , but he has all of these tricks up his sleeve and I 'm sure he will be pulling them out , " stated MMA heavyweight Bobby Lashley as he talked about his upcoming clash with Ken Shamrock on the " March Badness " card promoted by Roy Jones Jr. Check out what else he had to say about the fight , a future clash with Brock Lesnar and much more .
PC : How has camp been for your upcoming fight against Ken Shamrock ?
BL : I 'm just getting out of practice now .
I 've been training all day .
Things are going good though .
I 'm feeling super healthy right now and I 'm in super shape and that 's all you can hope for going into a fight ; being healthy and confident .
I have both of those things going for me right now so that 's a good thing .
PC : You 're a big boy man .
Are you one of those guys that have to cut weight to make 265 ?
BL : No , I walk around at about 255 .
PC : Now that you have a fight under your belt , how different is your approach for this one as opposed to when you really did n't know what to expect ?
BL : I think it 's a lot different .
I think the main thing is the hype for this fight .
I 'm not going to take anything away from Ken .
I have a lot of people telling me I 'm going to crush him ; that ai n't the case man .
When you have a guy that has been fighting for as long as he has , he knows every trick in the book .
Quite honestly , for him to take this fight says a lot because I would n't fight me right now , but he has all of these tricks up his sleeve and I 'm sure he will be pulling them out .
PC : He does have a lot of tricks ; the main tricks being his slick knee bars and ankle locks .
Are you going to be willing to go to the ground with him or will you use your size and reach and utilize your striking skills ?
BL : No , I 'm going straight to the ground man ( laughing ) !
PC : How important was it for you to get with a camp like ATT when you made the transition from the WWE ?
BL : It was important for many different reasons .
When I go into things , I like to go in full force , but I like to go in and earn the respect from the masses and the millions that follow MMA .
In order to earn the respect , you have to go to a respectable camp .
I think it 's only a handful of them out there .
There is AKA out in San Jose , Jackson 's camp , American Top Team and then a handful of other ones like Miletich and Couture's .
So if you 're going to come into MMA like I came into it , you have to go to a respectable camp so people wo n't feel like I 'm just going to use my name and the fame that I got from somewhere else and expect a whole bunch in MMA .
I say respect me for what I 'm doing and going through this camp .
I live in Denver and I have kids in Denver and I fly out here to Fort Lauderdale to Coconut Creek and I train down here .
I stay in a hotel by myself away from my family to train for this so if that 's not enough indication for these people , then I really do n't care what they think man .
PC : You 're fighting on a card that will combine boxing and MMA .
Are you a fan of both and , moreso , are you a Roy Jones fan ?
BL : Man , I am an old school Roy Jones fan man .
I do n't want to say old school because Roy Jones is n't really old school .
I 'm a huge Roy Jones fan .
I used to watch him box back in the day when he was crushing everybody .
I like his personality and the entertainment side of what he does .
He was the one that had millions watching before anybody did .
It 's an honor to be on his card .
PC : We 're seeing a lot of college wrestlers make the transition to MMA with success .
How do you fit in and how far do you think you can go in this sport ?
BL : I think I can go to the top man .
I 'm telling you because there are a lot of college wrestlers out there , but a lot of them are one - dimensional , meaning that they could wrestle incredibly , but as far as overall athleticism , they lack that .
You see that a lot where these guys have great takedowns and takedown defense , but when you start making them move around and throw strikes , well , now you 're bringing them into a whole different world because to be a boxer , kickboxer or Muay Thai fighter , you have to be athletic .
You have to be able to move - strike , move - strike and some of them are a little flat - footed and not athletic enough .
But there are a handful of them out there that have a solid wrestling background , which is a strong foundation , and have made the transition well .
Guys like Mike Brown , Muhammad Lawal , Cain Velasquez and Brock , and those are the guys that made that transition .
I 'm incredibly athletic .
I do n't want to pat myself on the back , but that 's one of the things that I pride myself on , from the days of wrestling , jumping up and doing the splits over guys head .
I have a great deal of athleticism .
PC : How much did the WWE prepare you for the transition as far as dealing with the huge crowds so it would n't feel like such a new thing ?
BL : That 's a really good point .
I think professional wrestling , and I know some people are bitter about the wrestling thing , but I tell you what , wrestling made Bobby Lashley .
It 's made me who I am right now .
I 'm going through these emotions and I 'm like , " I 'm not just an MMA fighter coming in here .
I 'm bringing an actual crowd . "
A lot of professional wrestling fans want to see what Bobby Lashley has .
In the same token , to fight in front of eighty - five thousand people at Wrestlemainia and ten to twenty thousand on a regular basis , wrestling has prepared me for that to a point where I get out there and I embrace that .
I take the energy I feel from the crowd and I take that and use that .
The hype is already going to be there , but when the crowd starts to get into it , I just suck up all of that energy from the crowd and I just let that out in my fights .
It 's prepared me for the real world .
PC : People are already buzzing about a possible fight between you and Brock Lesnar .
By no means am I overlooking Ken , but how many fights do you think you are away from fighting someone like Lesnar ?
BL : I hope Brock continues to win , that 's one thing .
I would want to have that fight for the title .
I do n't want to jump the gun and say , " Yes , I 'm ready to fight him . "
I want to be a complete fighter .
I think with the coaches that I have , the training and the training partners that I have , I think within the year I 'm going to be ready to pull those big fights down .
And then I think when Brock comes , I 'm going to be 100 % ready for that big clash of the titans .
PC : I look forward to your fight .
Thanks for your time and good luck my man .
Is there anything you want to say in closing ?
BL : Tell everybody to come check it out man .
This is another test for me and everybody is wondering what I 'm going to do .
If you want to know what I 'm going to do or how I 've been training or what I 'm all about , tune in because I am going to be going all out .
You 're going to see somebody fall because I 'm going to be going all out for this one .
[ Follow Percy Crawford on Twitter @ MrLouis1ana ]
WASHINGTON  Gearing up for negotiations with Congress over his proposed budget , President Obama chided Republican lawmakers Monday for opposing his initiatives without offering alternatives .
" I do think that the Republican Party right now has n't sort of figured out what it 's for , " Obama said in a White House interview with The Courier - Journal and reporters from five other newspapers .
" And so as a proxy , they 've just decided ' we 're going to be against whatever the other side is for . '
That 's not what 's needed in an economic crisis . "
He added that " you could play that game maybe in the early '90s , when basically we were pretty prosperous .
Right now , everybody 's got to pull together . "
Congressional Republicans , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , have unleashed a flurry of attacks on the president 's proposed $ 3.6 trillion budget plan .
McConnell has said Obama 's budget " spends too much , taxes too much and borrows too much . "
Other Republicans have said the potential impact of the president 's plan on the nation 's debt is unsustainable .
Obama said Monday that the government had to take what he called " short - term emergency steps " to address the ailing economy .
" We are going through an extraordinary economic crisis , the worst since the Great Depression , " he said , sitting at the meeting table in the White House 's Roosevelt Room .
The answer to long - term growth is the kind of investment in health care , education and energy that is contained in his budget plan , the president said .
" What we still have n't seen from those who would argue that we 're trying to do too much is an alternative budget , " Obama said .
" And the reason we have n't seen an alternative budget is because they know full well that the real drivers of our deficits long - term have almost everything to do with our rising health care costs .
Our problem is Medicare and Medicaid , and we can't fix that unless we fix health care as a whole . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
To keep up with the fast - paced web design industry you must seek out self education sources as often as possible , such as books , or you ’ll be left behind .
The year 2009 promises to bring us some excellent , and even groundbreaking , new reads .
Listed below are 30 web design related books from some of the brightest designers and developers in the industry , that will likely be influential must - reads .
Certainly there ca n’t be any promise that these books will deliver , but it will be worth your while to check them out .
Each book has either a release date or estimated release date listed , however these dates often change due to publishing and other related issues , so please take these dates as approximations only .
1. Web Design : Navigation – Julius Wiedemann
This addition to the popular ICONS Web Design series focuses on very carefully crafted navigation systems , where usability and narrative are taken in consideration in the development of the website .
Featuring over 90 projects from more than 20 countries , as well as case studies on outstanding work by the world ’s leading studios such as Fahrenheit , Clusta , and Sequence , this collection illustrates the ingenious solutions to one of the most difficult and important aspects of web design .
Released : March 2009
Order
2. The Findability Formula : The Easy , Non-Technical Approach to Search Engine Marketing
Whether you ’re a seasoned search marketer , a paid search advertiser , or a complete novice , this book will help position your business front - and - center when prospects are searching for solutions online .
In simple , non-technical language , renowned search engine marketing expert Heather Lutze reveals how to achieve “ findability ” through the use of the ideal keywords applied to both pay per click campaigns and organic search optimization .
She includes a wealth of creative strategies for keeping campaigns fresh and effective , so that you can re-energize stale Web sites or tweak successful ones to make them even more profitable .
In addition , Lutze explains how to respond to your customers and understand their issues , wants , and needs so that you can more easily turn prospects into customers .
Her step - by - step approach , up - to - date research , and warnings about common pitfalls make this the ultimate practical guide to getting your business noticed on the Internet .
Released : March 2009
Order – Publisher ’s Website
3. A Project Guide to UX Design : For User Experience Designers In The Field or In The Making – Russ Unger and Carolyn Chandler
This book presents a chapter - by - chapter guide through an appropriate User Experience process , as well as provides additional information on the creating SOWs and Proposals , Project Ecosystem , best practices for meetings , and understanding business requirements .
User Experience neophytes and professionals alike should be able to find information relevant to any phase of a project in this book .
Released : March 2009
Order – Publisher ’s Website
4. When Search Meets Web Usability – Shari Thurow and Nick Musica
This book delivers a proactive approach to building an effective Web site that is search engine friendly and will result in better search rankings .
It outlines the steps needed to bridge the gap between a Google search and a Web site , and also improve the users ’ experience once they get to the site .
By understanding the wide variety of information - seeking strategies and the individual behaviors associated with them , this book helps information architects , Web designers / developers , SEOs / SEMs , and usability professionals build better interfaces and functionality into Web sites .
Creating a satisfying user experience is the key to maximizing search effectiveness and getting conversions .
Released : March 2009
Order – Publisher ’s Website
5. Sexy Web Design : Creating Interfaces that Work – Elliot Jay Stocks
Designing usable and aesthetically pleasing interfaces is crucial to the success of any application on today ’s Web .
This book answers critical questions such as :
What makes a web site work ?
What makes a web site look good ?
What makes a web site easy to use ?
This book also covers the process of web site design from the discovery phase all the way through production and the development of style guides .
Released : March 2009
Order – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
6. Graphic Design
Theory : Readings from the Field – Helen Armstrong
Graphic Design
Theory distills modern design thinking into twenty - four essential essays .
It presents ground - breaking , primary texts from the most important historical and contemporary design thinkers — from Aleksandr Rodchenko ’s “ Who We Are : Manifesto of the Constructivist Group ” to Kenya Hara ’s “ Computer Technology and Design ”
This fundamental survey quickly reveals key evolving ideas in the industry , putting them into a rich historical and cultural context .
To Be Released : April 4 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
7. Search Engine Optimization for Flash : Best Practices for Using Flash On The Web – Todd Perkins
This breakthrough book offers you a series of best practices for using HTML , CSS and JavaScript , for building sites with Flash that will stand tall in search rankings .
You ’ll learn how search engines work , what constitutes a search - engine - optimized ( SEO ) site , and what to watch out for in the way of SEO pitfalls .
With this concise book , you will :
Learn about searchable content , and understand the importance of metadata , keywords , and links
Place HTML content in your Flash applications
Create an SEO website by connecting Flash to JavaScript and CSS
Work effectively with SWFObject by understanding its capabilities and limitations
Realize the advantages of using the Adobe Flex framework for SEO
The first - and only - book that explains how to optimize Flash content for search engines , Search Engine Optimization for Flash is an invaluable resource if you develop with Flash and want to be sure your audience can easily find your site .
To Be Released : April 6 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
8. Speaking in Styles : Fundamentals of CSS for Web Designers – Jason Cranford Teague
Speaking in Styles targets
Web designers , aiming to help them learn the “ language ” that will be used to take their vision from the static comp to the live Internet .
Many designers think that CSS is code , and that it ’s too hard to learn .
Author Jason
Teague takes an approach to CSS that breaks it down around common design tasks and helps the reader learn that they already think in styles - they just need to learn to speak the language .
To Be Released : April 7 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
9. Professional Web Widgets with CSS , DOM , JSON and Ajax – Rajesh Lal and Lakshmi Chava
Professional Widgets with CSS , DOM and Ajax is the first guide to building web widgets – tiny applications that can be embedded in a web page or on the desktop and have exploded in popularity in recent months .
Inside , award - winning programmer Rajesh Lal provides readers with a methodology for building widgets using standards like CSS and DOM to create widgets that work anywhere .
Next he guides readers though the creation of widgets using several popular toolkits and frameworks including Yahoo !
Widgets , Silverlight with PopFly , Google Web Toolkit , Microsoft Web Gadgets and more .
Professional Widgets with CSS , DOM and Ajax is heavy on step - by step examples enabling readers to get up to speed and begin building widgets quickly and easily .
To Be Released : April 13 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
10 . Semantic Web Programming – John Hebeler , Matthew Fisher , Ryan Blace , Andrew Perez - Lopez , Mike Dean
The next major advance in the Web 3.0 will be built on semantic Web technologies , which will allow data to be shared and reused across application , enterprise , and community boundaries .
Written by a team of highly experienced Web developers , this book explains and examines how this powerful new technology can unify and fully leverage the ever - growing data , information , and services that are available on the Internet .
Helpful examples demonstrate how to use the semantic
Web to solve practical , real - world problems while you take a look at the set of design principles , collaborative working groups , and technologies that form the semantic Web .
To Be Released : April 13 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
11 . Beginning Joomla ! – Cory Webb
Beginning Joomla ! will take the reader step - by - step through the process of building a website with Joomla !
1.5 .
From beginning to end , the book will explain a concept and show how that concept relates to the development of an actual sample web site the reader can access online .
This book applies each concept to a real - world example every step of the way .
Once a concept is explained in theory , it is then illustrated by showing how one would implement each concept in a real web site .
Topics covered include :
Configuring Joomla !
Managing Content
Core Modules and Plugins
Managing Menus
Extensions
Building Custom Templates
Troubleshooting
Advanced Tips and Tricks
To Be Released : April 13 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
12 . Front End Drupal : Designing , Theming , Scripting – Konstantin Käfer and Emma Hogbin
While other Drupal books focus on module development , Front End Drupal is 100 % focused on issues of site design , behavior , usability , and management .
The authors show how to style Drupal sites , make the most of Drupal ’s powerful templating system , build sophisticated community sites , streamline site management , and build more portable , flexible themes .
You ’ll also gain hands - on experience through several case studies that walk you through site creation and customization from start to finish .
To Be Released : April 20 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
13 . Website Owner ’s Manual – Paul Boag
Using clever illustrations , easy - to - follow lists and diagrams , and other friendly touches , Website Owner ’s Manual helps readers form a vision for a site , guides them through the process of selecting a web design agency , and gives just enough background to help them make intelligent decisions throughout the development process .
This book provides a jargon - free overview of web design , including accessibility , usability , online marketing , and web development techniques .
Using Website Owner ’s Manual , readers master the vocabulary and concepts they need to discuss how a website dovetails with the needs of a business .
This book will help them work confidently with the designers and developers building and maintaining a site so they can concentrate on what your website needs to do .
To Be Released : May , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
14 . Web Standards Solutions , Second Edition – Dan Cederholm
The expanded second edition of Dan Cederholm ’s best - selling Web Standards Solutions is even better than the first .
This book , like the first edition , is your essential guide to understanding the advantages you can bring to your web pages by implementing web standards and precisely how to apply them .
Web standards such as XHTML and CSS are now fairly well - known technologies , and they will likely be familiar to you , the web designer .
Indeed , they are all around you on the Web .
However , within web standards still lies a challenge : while the browser ’s support for web standards is steadily increasing , many web developers and designers have yet to discover the real benefits of web standards and respect the need to adhere to them .
The second edition :
Contains bonus material not in the first edition
Teaches how to use Web Standards effectively to build better web sites
Promotes learning by work - through examples and assessments
To Be Released : May 4 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
15 . Beginning JavaScript and CSS Development with jQuery – Richard York
This book demonstrates how to use jQuery to reduce the amount of code you need to write and reduce the amount of testing that is required .
You ’ll see how separation of presentation ( CSS ) , markup ( XHTML ) , and script ( JavaScript and Ajax ) in web pages is a crucial direction in web development for creating maintainable , accessible , cost - effective web sites .
The featured full - color code syntax highlighting provides you with a visual reinforcement so you can see the various pieces and parts that make up each line and section of code for each language .
To Be Released : May 4 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
16 . Recharge Your Design Batteries – John O’Reilly and Tony Linkson
Recharge Your Design Batteries will help shock you out of your complacency , inspire you to look in new directions for radical solutions , and invite you to hone entirely new skill sets .
Tactics include : writing must - have lists and storytelling scenarios ; compiling visual scrapbooks , drawing in sketchbooks and journaling daily ; establishing a blog with a regular creative challenge ; launching your own cute product line ; collecting color and texture swatches and constructing atmospheric mood boards ; experimenting with still and video cameras and recording experiences and environments ; sourcing ephemera and found objects from flea - markets to build and display inspirational collections ; volunteering and working pro-bono ; and taking day trips and longer excursions to discover archival resources
To Be Released : May 12 , 2009
Preorder
17 . Total Web Monitoring : Watching Performance , Users , and Communities – Alistair Croll and Sean Power
This book combines real - world examples , clear explanations , and practical recommendations in an accessible and engaging style that makes it a thorough — and surprisingly readable — must - have for anyone involved in running a website , from web operators to e-business professionals .
With Total Web Monitoring , you will :
Discover how visitors use your site , using web analytics and tools for customer feedback
Determine if visitors are able to use the site as they intend , with technologies that evaluate the health of your site ’s back - end performance
Learn how visitors interact with your site with tools to measure the effectiveness of usability and navigation
Track eight kinds of online community : social networks , groups and mailing lists , forums , blogs , microblogs , real - time chat , wikis , and social news aggregators
You ca n’t fix your mistakes if you do n’t know what they are .
Learn how to avoid missed opportunities , frustrated users , and spiraling costs with the tools and advice in Total Web Monitoring .
To Be Released : May 15 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
18 . Web Application Architecture : Principles , Protocols and Practices – Leon Shklar and Rich Rosen
Web Application Architecture provides an in - depth examination of the basic concepts and general principles associated with Web application development , using examples that illustrate specific technologies .
This conceptual knowledge is critical when building and deploying complex systems that are scaleable , extensible , maintainable and reusable .
The book explains the underlying protocols and languages that support Web application development , and delineates the best practices associated with building robust applications .
It describes mechanisms for providing Web access to heterogeneous data sources including relational databases and multimedia .
To Be Released : May 18 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
19 . Web Anatomy : Interaction Design Frameworks that Work – Robert Hoekman and Jared Spool
In Web Anatomy , renowned design researcher Jared Spool , founder of User Interface Engineering , and veteran interaction designer Robert Hoekman , Jr. , author of Designing the Obvious and Designing the Moment , introduce a collection of interaction design frameworks and reveal how the psychology behind these standards leads not only to effective designs , but can also serve as the basis for cutting - edge innovations and superior user experiences .
Web Anatomy delivers :
A reference guide to interaction design frameworks
An examination of the psychology behind the standards
An in - depth look at what works , what does n’t , and where to go from here
To Be Released : May 25 , 2009
Preorder – Author ’s Website
20 . Eyetracking Web Usability – Jakob Nielsen and Kara Pernice
Eyetracking is a hot new field in user interface design .
What better way to explore this growing field than with master usability expert Jakob Nielsen showing the way ?
Jakob and his coauthor Kara Pernice train thousands of people each year on Web usability , and in this book they demonstrate what can be learned from users ’ eye paths over a broad variety of Web designs .
Readers learn how much a user ’s goal or task influences the way they read and traverse a Web site , which parts of a page users attend to first , how readers react to advertising and design elements that look like ads , where people look first for common page elements and navigation , how they respond to text , pictures , and multimedia , and so much more .
With all this data in place , readers come away with practical and effective information about designing their Web sites .
To Be Released : May 25 , 2009
Preorder – Author ’s Website
21 . Web Design for Developers : A Programmer ’s Guide to Design Tools and Techniques – Brian Hogan
Developers do n’t get to spend a lot of time thinking about design , but many secretly wish they knew how to make their applications look just a little bit better .
This book takes you on a journey through a web site redesign , where you ’ll learn the basic concepts of design , color theory , typography , and accessibility .
You ’ll learn how to take a sketch and transform it into a digital mockup in Photoshop , and then finally into a working web page .
You ’ll see how to develop logos , icons , and buttons using Illustrator and Photoshop , and then code a web page that will load fast , be easy to maintain , and most of all , be accessible to all audiences .
To Be Released : May 28 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
22 . The Designer ’s Guide to Business and Careers : How to Succeed on the Job or on Your Own – Peg Faimon
The Designer ’s Guide to Business and Careers is a comprehensive guide to basic business issues for designers in today ’s competitive marketplace .
You ’ll find information on how to successfully navigate your design career or start your own studio with case studies , tips , examples and exercises .
From choosing a career path to freelancing to striking out on your own , this must - have guide gives you the tools you need to find clients , negotiate prices , understand production basics and stay on top of industry trends .
To Be Released : June 12 , 2009
Preorder
23 . Build Your Own Database Driven Web Site Using PHP & MySQL , 4th Edition – Kevin Yank
Build Your own Database Driven Web Site Using PHP & MySQL is a practical hands - on guide to learning all the tools , principles and techniques needed to build a fully functional database - driven web site using PHP & MySQL .
This book covers everything from installing PHP & MySQL under Windows , Linux , and Mac through to building a live web - based content management system .
While this is essentially a beginners book , it also covers more advanced topics such as the storage of binary data in MySQL , and cookies and sessions in PHP .
To Be Released : June 15 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
24 . Advanced CSS – Joe Lewis and Meitar Moscovitz
Advanced CSS goes beyond the basics of CSS to give you an expert ’s understanding of CSS concepts and practices .
It discusses everything you need to know to work on large - scale projects , such as CSS optimization and techniques for managing complexity .
The book uses real - life examples to help intermediate CSS developers take their CSS skills to the next level and help all Web developers and designers utilize the full power and flexibility of CSS .
To Be Released : June 15 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
25 . Web Content Rx : A Quick and Handy Guide for Writers , Webmasters , Ebayers , and Business People – Wayne English
Web Content
Rx is a hands - on primer that shows anyone–even technical novices –how to write high - quality , keyword - laden , search engine optimized Web content .
Based on the latest research on how people read the Web , it also includes numerous tips , tricks , and techniques on writing a blog , training , and creating an audio or video podcast .
This must - have reference is for anyone working on the Web .
Webmasters can avoid losing projects for lack of content .
Business people can now create effective , readily understood Web content about their services or products .
e Bay sellers can create powerful online advertisements and photograph your products to maximize their appeal .
Technical writers , and those who write for industry , will appreciate the extensive safety - related material .
To Be Released : June 20 , 2009
Preorder
26 . Content Strategy for the Web – Kristina Halvorson
This book is the key to delivering useful , usable content to your online audiences , when and where they need it most .
It delivers the knowledge to plan for and implement a successful online content strategy
It shows which tools are available and how to use them to plan for , create and govern online content .
This is the only book that gives practical advice on staffing and resource allocation for web editorial roles and responsibilities .
The Web Content Strategy Handbook can help in delivering useful , usable content to online audiences , when and where they need it most .
Focusing on the user experience as it relates to content strategy , this book defines content strategy , its business value , and why so many web projects implode in the content development phase .
It provides simple ways to introduce content strategy into the user experience design process .
Readers get solid , practical advice on staffing and resource allocation for content - related roles and responsibilities and learn about the easy - to - use tools that are necessary to plan for , create , and govern online content .
To Be Released : August 2009
Preorder
27 . Good Design : Deconstructing Form , Function , and What Makes Design Work – Terry Marks
The author , Terry Marks , polls several designers of different age groups and phases in their careers about what they consider “ good design . ”
Each has selected an existing design piece they feel to be good , based on their personal definition of what “ good ” is .
The author also takes a critical look at the design to determine if it is effective with its target market and interviews the designer of the piece to unlock the concept behind the design .
By taking this backwards approach through design — from completed piece back to conception — readers will discover why the design works and how they can use this information in their own projects .
To Be Released : July 1 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
28 . Freelance Design in Practice – Cathy Fisel
As a designer , it ’s easy to take on a freelance project here and there to expand your creativity and increase your income .
But very quickly , such projects begin to have legal and financial ramifications .
Freelance Design in Practice addresses these issues as well as explaining exactly what it takes to create a full - time freelance business .
For both active freelancers and those who aspire to it , Freelance Design in Practice offers insight and advice from working professionals who have successfully jumped the many hurdles on the road to becoming solo practitioners .
To Be Released : July 8 , 2009
Preorder
29 . Beginning Rails 2 : From Novice to Professional – Jeffrey Allan Hardy and Cloves Carneiro Jr .
Beginning Rails 2 is the practical starting point for anyone wanting to learn how to build dynamic web applications using the Rails framework for Ruby .
You ’ll learn how all of the components of Rails and Rails 2 fit together and how you can leverage them to create sophisticated web applications with less code and more joy .
This book is particularly well suited to those with little or no experience with web application development , or who have some experience but are new to Rails .
Beginning Rails 2 assumes basic familiarity with web terms and technologies but does n’t require you to be an expert .
To Be Released : July 13 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website
30 . The CSS Anthology : 101 Essential Tips , Tricks & Hacks – Rachel Andrews
The CSS Anthology : 101 Essential Tips , Tricks & Hacks is a compilation of best practice solutions to the most challenging CSS problems .
The third edition of this best - selling book , published in full color , has been completely revised and updated to cover the latest techniques and newer browsers , including Firefox 3 and Internet Explorer 8 .
It ’s the most complete question - and - answer book on CSS , with over 100 tutorials that ’ll show you how to gain more control over the appearance of your web page , create sophisticated Web page navigation controls , design for today ’s alternative browsing devices including phones and screen readers , and much more .
To Be Released : July 28 , 2009
Preorder – Publisher ’s Website – Author ’s Website
Additional Books Coming Soon in 2009
New books are being announced every week .
These below have recently been announced , therefore lack any detailed information about their content , however they too sound promising :
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Michael Shelton .
Michael is a web designer and graphic design student who has worked in both web and print for over 4 years .
Do you know of any other books ?
What kind of books do you wish someone would write ( maybe someone will ) ?
Let us know what you think .
USA needs nuclear explosion to turn the world into dictatorship
Is the United States going to put dictatorship into effect under the guise of the anti-terrorist struggle ?
What may trigger another major transformation in 2009 ?
The answer is obvious : another 9/11 in the USA .
USA needs nuclear explosion to turn the world into dictatorship
Terrible and bloody events are in store for the world in the beginning of 2009 .
Most likely , the world will witness a reality show with a nuclear blast , which will be used as a reason for the US administration to change the world order again and leave the new Great Depression behind .
There is every reason to believe that the Russian Federation may suffer as a result of this possible initiative too .
Joe Biden made a sensational statement on October 19 , 2008 .
He said that Barack Obama would have to undergo an ordeal during the first six months of his stay in the White House .
It will be the time of a very serious international crisis , when Obama would have to make tough and possibly unpopular decisions both in home and foreign politics .
Biden said that there were four or five scenarios for the development of the international crisis .
Afghanistan , North Korea or the Russian Federation may become the source of one of them .
When Obama learned of Biden ’s speech , he tried to explain everything with rhetorical exaggerations .
However , Biden ’s remarks gave food for thought , taking into consideration the fact that former secretary of state Madeleine Albright described his remarks as statement of fact .
Apparently , the political elite in the United States is certain that their nation would soon suffer another mammoth terrorist act .
This assumption became the subject of Michel Chossudovsky ’s article “ A Second 9/11 „ : An Integral Part of US Military Doctrine . ”
The independent analysts presented a selection of statements , which US top officials released during the recent several years .
For example , Michael Chertoff , the Homeland Security Secretary , said at Yale April 7 , 2008 that modern technologies let even a small terrorist group kill hundreds of thousands of people .
Dick Cheney stated May 26 , 2008 : “ Nobody can guarantee that we wo n’t be hit again . ”
The general public has been prepared for a possible mega terrorist act with hundreds of thousands of victims .
The expectation of another major terrorist attack , Chossudovsky wrote , became a part of the US military doctrine to justify possible preemptive strikes , i.e. aggression .
The analyst also wrote that the US administration was aiming the efforts of the national security services at the liquidation of the consequences of the Massive Casualty Producing Event .
Moreover , the US establishment believes that such an event may unite the Americans .
Tommy Franks , the then CENTCOM commander voiced this idea in 2003 .
He particularly said that another event with many casualties in the USA would revive the support of wartime laws .
Franks also said that such an event would mark the end of democracy in America .
To put it in a nutshell , it would mark the beginning of the era of dictatorship .
The US administration planned Operation Northwoods in 1962 , in which the US incursion into Cuba was supposed to be justified with a massive massacre of the Miami - based Cubans , as well as the explosion of a US warship in Guantanamo Bay .
President Kennedy did not let the operation become a reality .
The logic of Northwoods does not differ much from that of General Franks - a new mega terrorist act will justify the beginning of USA ’s new aggression in the Middle East .
The Pentagon started to develop the plan of the new war in April 2006 – the third war after the campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Stew Bykovsky , a well - known columnist , said in his interview in August 2007 that America needed another 9/11 because the country had forgotten who its enemy was .
Which weapon would make it possible to conduct a major terrorist attack with countless casualties and produce the effect of universal panic ?
A nuclear weapon would suit this goal best .
It would not be a hardship to say that a nuclear explosion was conducted by Islamic terrorists who stole nukes from Russia in the beginning of the 1990s .
A nuclear mushroom grows somewhere in the USA and the country launches another war and introduces dictatorship .
Pin 0 Shares
Consumers are feeling the pinch and many are turning to planting vegetables in their backyards to cut down on their grocery expense .
As per one estimate , 20 % more households this year will start vegetable gardening , mostly in their backyards , giving rise to the term recession gardens .
Growing your own vegetables has a terrific return on investments .
Some estimates say every $ 50 spent in seeds and garden supplies , returns $ 1250 in form of savings in the grocery bill .
For people who regularly buy organic produce , the cost savings are even greater .
As long as you are thinking of growing your own veggies , you might as well consider growing organic with little extra cost .
For the last few weeks , we have been planning our backyard garden where we will be growing organic vegetables of many different varieties and discussing what we want to get out of this garden .
Here are the 10 reasons we believe everyone should consider planting a organic vegetable garden this year .
Cost savings :
We have spent approximately $ 50 in supplies and seeds , with an estimate of $ 100 for additional spending in the future to outfit the garden with a composting system as well as any additional supplies as needed .
Contrast this with $ 40 - $ 50 we spend on veggies every other week .
Great tasting nutritious food and peace of mind :
It is great to know exactly how your vegetables are grown and not having to worry about pesticides and other toxins .
Besides , freshly harvested organically grown veggies taste great !
Energy savings :
Your veggies are grown locally , by you , and does not need to be transported 3000 miles from a farm to your table .
Consider the amount of fossil fuel that can be saved if a significant proportion of us started consuming locally produced vegetables Environmentally friendly :
Using organic methods of growing veggies is environmentally friendly as no toxic chemicals are mixed into the soil .
Additionally , composting the scraps of your garden returns the organic material back to the soil Exercise : Working in a garden is a great form of exercise that can be performed by almost everyone .
Clean air :
As long as you are working outside , you are getting fresh clean air .
But most of all , replacing a part of your lawn with a vegetable garden can produce greater amounts of oxygen for the atmosphere and reduce greenhouse gases .
Reducing landfills :
If you compost , you will be using up most of the organic kitchen waste , grass clippings , dead leaves , etc from the yard to feed your garden .
This means less garbage to put out , less use of plastic garbage bags and paper garden waste bags .
A great review of different composting techniques can be found at Amy Stewart ’s blog .
Getting back to the nature :
Yes , we have lost our touch with the nature as we navigate out way through the material world .
Working in a garden forces you to look at nature in a new light and with greater respect .
Stress relief : Gardening is a great stress reliever as you are focus on the task at hand you leave behind your worries from work and business .
Atleast for some time .
Bonding and education :
For many of us who have small kids , getting them to help out with the garden is a great way of spending time together and strengthen our bonds .
It also allows us many teachable moments with our kids .
If you are someone who is planning to start your own organic vegetable patch this year , or someone who has been doing it for many years , please let us know your main reasons for doing it and the biggest benefits you get out of it .
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
As it turned out , Obama secretly met that evening with Hillary Rodham Clinton in Washington , D.C. , but not before raising alarms among the Bilder - busters , who were convinced something was rotten in Chantilly .
Prison Planet connected the dots and concluded Obama and Clinton met at the Bilderberg meeting , declaring that “ the complete failure of the mainstream media to report on the fact , once again betrays the super - secretive nature and influential reputation that the 54 - year - old organization still maintains . ”
“ It is now seems increasingly likely that the secret meetings with Bilderberg this weekend will herald the decision to name Hillary Clinton as Obama 's VP candidate , ” predicted a sister site , Infowars.net .
Even the snarky D.C. - based Wonkette blog weighed in , half - seriously positing that “ really , it sounds like ” Obama and Clinton rendezvoused “ at that creepy Bilderberg Group meeting , which is happening now , and which is so secret that nobody will admit they ’re going , even though everybody who is anybody goes to Bilderberg . ”
Curiously , though , the episode was n’t the first time a Bilderberg meeting intersected with vice presidential selection machinations .
In 2004 , both Time magazine and the New York Times noted that then - Sen .
John Edwards ( D - N.C ) had impressed Bilderbergers at that year ’s conference in Stresa , Italy — roughly one month prior to his selection as Sen.
John Kerry ’s ( D - Mass . ) running mate -- when Edwards debated Republican Ralph Reed .
Then , as in 2008 , Jim Johnson led the vice presidential vetting .
Time reported that then - Sen. Jon Corzine ( D - N.J. ) and Holbrooke attended and called Kerry “ with rave reviews ” about Edwards ' debate skills .
In its tick - tock of the vice - presidential selection process , the New York Times also noted the Bilderberg effect .
'' His performance at Bilderberg was important , '' a friend of Kerry told the Times .
'' He reported back directly to Kerry .
There were other reports on his performance .
Whether they reported directly or indirectly , I have no doubt the word got back to Mr. Kerry about how well he did . ''
An attendee of the 2004 meeting dismissed the notion that Edwards ’ Bilderberg performance helped land him on the Democratic ticket .
“ It was n’t because of his performance at the meeting – he was at the meeting because he was going to get picked ” said the attendee , who did not want to be identified breaching Bilderberg ’s off - the - record rule .
“ He was there as a surrogate for Kerry ” and to boost his foreign policy bona fides , said the attendee .
Either way , the attendee contended , the Bilderberg conspiracy theories do n’t make sense on their face , if only because the wide array of ideologies represented would make it difficult to reach consensus .
“ There were so many different people there with so many different viewpoints that it belied the opportunity to really conspire , because obviously a Kissinger and a [ prominent neoconservative Richard ]
Perle are going to come down in a very different place than say a Holbrooke or a Johnson , ” the attendee said .
Besides , the attendee observed , it ’s almost impossible to name a Bilderberger - free Cabinet .
“ You ’d be hard pressed to find an administration that has n’t reached into those ranks into the last 20 , 30 , 40 years . “
Senior City bankers are demanding pay rises of up to 10 per cent this year to make up for the clampdown on the bonus culture , a senior City head - hunter has told The Independent .
Shaun Springer , chief executive of Napier Scott , which specialises in recruiting senior bankers for posts in Europe , Africa and the Middle East , said bankers were attempting to rebalance their financial packages in favour of higher salaries .
And he predicted that , over the next few years , city salaries could more than double to compensate investment bankers .
“ Base salaries are being increased by somewhere between 5 and 10 per cent , by rule of thumb , to compensate for an overall fall in the remunerative package , ” said Mr Springer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
“ This is being done in recognition of perhaps a long - term change , in which one can envisage basic salaries in the long term doubling or tripling or quadrupling compared to where they are today and bonuses falling by as much as 80 per cent . ”
“ People used to , say , earn between £ 100,000 and £ 150,000 and receive bonuses of 10 times multiples of their base salary , ” he continued .
“ But a trend is now developing where someone has a basic pay of , say , £ 300,000 but with bonus multiple of only two or three times that . ”
His comments expose the prevailing view in the City that bonuses are no longer about rewarding exceptional performance but have become an integral part of bankers ’ financial reward packages and came on the day it emerged that Northern Rock will pay bonuses to about 100 top executives despite the nationalised bank losing £ 1.4bn in 2008 .
Yesterday the bank also warned that the number of mortgage customers getting into difficulties was increasing rapidly , and confirmed it would shortly re-enter the mortgage market , increasing its lending by £ 14bn over the next two years .
The bank said leading executives “ who are important to the company ’s future ” would be given a deferred bonus to be paid in 2010 .
Another 400 more junior managers will get a deferred bonus worth about 10 per cent of their salary .
Mr Springer ’s comments were backed up by other senior City figures .
“ Base salaries at investment banks across the board will have to rise to compensate people for the falls in bonuses they have seen , ” said one senior corporate finance investment banker .
Banks across the Square Mile have seen their bonuses fall by about half this year as profits – where any were made – have dwindled and regulators have started to crack down on the pay awards handed out to banks .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Average weekly earnings across the UK economy rose by just 2.1 per cent in the year through December , according to data from the Office of National Statistics .
That is below inflation .
But on the high street , Royal Bank of Scotland has already raised its employees ’ salaries by 10 per cent this year after failing to pay them their guaranteed bonuses for 2008 .
Still , there is a fear among banks that pushing up base pay too much too fast may be counterproductive and actually create a regulatory backlash , especially with a large number of Europe ’s banks now partly owned by governments after having had bailouts .
“ There is a general acceptance that [ base ] salaries will go up , ” said an employee at a European bank that needed a bailout from its government .
“ But there is still too much political pressure , and we do n’t want people to think we are replacing bonuses through the back door – there is a delicate balance . ”
But Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , said it would be “ completely perverse ” to award bankers salary increases .
He said : “ The laws of supply and demand suggest that this is completely perverse , as there is a currently a considerable reduction in the demand for bankers as the sector contracts .
If members of the financial services community are managing to pull the wool over the eyes of their shareholders , this suggests that the problems of governance in the sector are even deeper than we imagined .
The continued ability of the semi-nationalised banks to put highly paid staff ahead of taxpayers shows that the Government has been far too detached and pathetic in its arms - length approach to them . ”
George Mudie , a former Labour deputy chief whip and member of the Commons Treasury Committee , added : “ It is indicative of the lack of shame in the industry for the trouble they have caused ordinary people – homes lost and jobs lost .
They should be ashamed of themselves . ”
Treasury sources expressed surprise at the reports , insisting senior executives at Northern Rock and RBS had agreed to a pay freeze .
But they made it clear ministers were unlikely to intervene in pay deals at banks which had not received government support .
The source said : “ It ’s not obvious why people would feel the need to go for a pay hike of 10 per cent , which would only increase the banks ’ costs at a time when other banks in which the state has a stake are freezing pay . ”
Brendan Barber , the TUC general secretary said : “ Giving ordinary bank staff on low and middle incomes a bit more pay instead of the commission - based bonuses that encourage them to sell loans and other products would be a worthwhile step towards a better banking system .
“ But top bankers must think the rest of us are daft if they think that no one will notice bonuses rebranded as basic salary .
Government must impose tough conditions . ”
First it was public bicycles he was bringing to the streets of London .
Now Mayor Boris Johnson is looking at pinching another green travel idea from the French – a public electric car hire scheme .
The project would allow casual car users to pick up a publicly - owned , battery - powered , zero - carbon vehicle in one part of the city and easily drop it off in another .
Mr Johnson says it would help make London the " electric capital of Europe " .
His officials are studying plans to introduce a similar scheme in Paris next year called Autolib – a brainchild of the Mayor of Paris , Bertrand Delanoë .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Autolib will see 4,000 electric cars sited across Paris and its suburbs , which drivers will be able to use at any time for a charge .
The scheme follows the city 's hugely successful Vélib – an on - street bicycle hire scheme .
Mr Johnson , a cycling enthusiast , will launch his own version of that in London in May 2010 .
But the Conservative Mayor has now developed a similar enthusiasm for electric cars , and has set up a working group – the London Electric Vehicle Partnership – to encourage the car industry to speed the delivery of new technology , and increase support for drivers of electric cars in the capital .
At its first meeting late last year , representatives of the motor and energy industries and London boroughs agreed a plan to sharply increase electric car use in the capital .
Mr Johnson 's officials are now looking at the capital 's charging infrastructure , trialling electric technology , and closely studying Autolib – although no firm decision about introducing a London version has yet been taken .
The Parisian scheme , to begin operating at the end of this year , will see some 700 pick - up points established across the city , with 200 underground .
These will operate in the same way as Vélib .
Users will either pay an annual subscription , or pay at pick - up points on the spur of the moment by using their public transport pass ( equivalent to London 's Oyster Card ) .
The great environmental attraction of the scheme is that electric cars produce no CO2 emissions .
M. Delanoë has described the plan as " a system of individual journeys that are completely clean " – although some members of the French Green party are opposed to it on the grounds that anything which puts more cars on the roads ( instead of more bikes ) is bad .
If browsers were women
[ digg-me ]
Which one is the best ?
Explorer vs. Firefox vs. Safari vs. Opera vs. Chrome .
This is inspiring / insane / funny / boring .
Comment here the appropriate :)
Let the battle begin !
.
Want some more ?
How to repair your plasma TV
The Pirate Bay LOL 2009
R.I.P Pac - Man ( 1980 – 2009 )
Facebook comments
WordPress is a very powerful and flexible blog / content management system , but the thousands of plugins really help to extend the basic functionality .
Here are 13 essential plugins that you should immediately install after finishing the WordPress installation .
Akismet
This one should be a no - brainer .
Akismet uses their web service to check the comments on your blog to see if it looks like spam .
The plugin is developed by the creators of WordPress , so it ’s integrated nicely and is included in the WordPress install .
All you need is a WordPress.com API key to get it up and running .
Download Akismet Plugin
Custom More Link
One thing that always bothered me about the the read more tag in WordPress is how when you click into the full article , it jumps down to where the more tag was inserted .
This plugin allows you to get rid of that and completely customize the link .
Download Custom More Link Plugin
Different Posts Per Page
Let ’s say that you want to display 3 posts on the homepage , 10 posts on the category pages , and 20 on the archives .
If you want to avoid touching any of the template coding , you can just use this plugin to customize the number of posts that are displayed per page .
Download Different Posts Per Page Plugin
Google XML Sitemaps
While the plugin is called “ Google ” XML Sitemaps , the automatically generated sitemap is actually also supported by Ask , MSN , and Yahoo .
It ’s nice to be able to customize a few settings and then never having to think about your xml sitemap again .
Download Google XML Sitemaps Plugin
No Self Pings
Trackbacks are a great way to allow people to link to and discuss your blog articles , but this can also include your own site when you link to your own article .
It would probably be better to use a related posts plugin for those , so this plugin is useful for filtering out your own trackbacks .
Download No Self Pings Plugin
Redirection
If you are moving from an existing website into WordPress , your URLs will probably be different .
This plugin is useful for adding 301 redirects to make sure that users can end up in the right place .
You can also keep track of 404 errors or create other redirects with full Regular Expression support .
Download Redirection Plugin
Search Unleashed
The regular WordPress search leaves a lot to be desired .
This plugin fills that desire .
You can perform full text searches on all posts , pages , comments , and other meta -data .
The search index is automatically updated whenever you add or edit content , so you never have to worry about it being out of date .
Download Search Unleashed Plugin
Subscribe to Comments
You should always give commentors a way to follow their comments .
This plugin provides a simple checkbox that commentors can check to receive emails whenever anyone else comments on the post .
This has already been built into the core of the WordPress.com blogs , and it will probably eventually make it into the core for WordPress.org as well .
Download Subscribe to Comments Plugin
WP - DB - Backup
Backup your WordPress database on demand or schedule recurring backups .
It is always good to have a backup plan in case anything goes wrong , so setup a recurring backup and be done with it .
You may not ever need to use the backups , but it ’s better to be safe than sorry .
Download WP - DB - Backup Plugin
WP - PageNavi
Instead of using the WordPress default previous and next links , this plugin adds a more advanced navigation .
You can also completely customize the display of the pagination .
Download WP - PageNavi Plugin
wp -typogrify
Instead of using primes for quotes ( ′ & ″ ) use real quotes instead ( ’ & ” ) .
This plugin will automatically correct quotes and apply additional typographic enhancements .
Sometimes it ’s the small details that count .
Download wp - typogrify Plugin
WP Security Scan
The WordPress team does a great job of addressing major security issues as they arise , but there are other steps you can take to secure your site .
This plugin will run a scan and help you take the additional protection steps needed .
Download WP Security Scan Plugin
WP Super Cache
The WP Super Cache plugin generates static html files to speed up the loading of your site .
If you tend to have large spikes in traffic , this is a must have plugin to help your site from going down .
There is also legacy support for the WP Cache plugin if you do n’t want to serve html files .
Download WP Super Cache Plugin
Conclusion
These are just a small subset of the essential WordPress plugins to get you started on a site .
What other important ones do you recommend ?
Subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
Google announced Google App Engine , their long - awaited answer to web services offered by Amazon and others .
Google took a different approach to their competitors by including a full application stack for developers .
This made App Engine less flexible , by forcing developers to use the programming tools and libraries that Google supplied , but it did have the advantage that you could get your web app up and running very quickly , and easily leverage Google ’s infrastructure .
An app could scale up with very little work on the part of the developer — in theory .
Although the theory was sound , in practice , developers were quite limited in the resources they had available , and there was no option to increase those resources .
Google has now addressed that , allowing developers to pay for resources at rates comparable to Amazon Web Services , so it seems App Engine may finally be ready for prime time .
A couple of months ago , my interest in App Engine was piqued enough to take a closer look .
I spent about a week developing a Twitter - like web site called Mental Drain .
( The site is fully operational , if a bit rough around the edges .
You can try it out by logging in with your Google account . )
In the rest of this post , I ’ll discuss what ’s involved in developing a web app with App Engine , and provide a few examples from the code I wrote for Mental Drain .
Mental Drain For Mac
Before we delve into App Engine , it is worth briefly considering the app that I will reference throughout this post : Mental Drain .
As mentioned earlier , Mental Drain is based on Twitter , but with a few twists :
When using Twitter , you generally follow people you know or admire , and receive all of the messages that they post .
With Mental Drain , you receive posts on the topics that interest you , regardless of who posted them .
In other words , you subscribe to topics ( tags ) , rather than people .
It ’s like belonging to many different ad hoc communities , and getting all the messages in a single stream — your mental drain .
What is a Web Application ?
Some of you reading this may still be wondering what App Engine actually does .
If you do n’t have any experience developing for the web , you probably do n’t know the difference between a web application and an ‘ ordinary ’ web site .
To get everyone on the same page , a web application is a web site which is interactive , and backed by some sort of database .
The web site is dynamically updated based on the data in the store .
Nearly every web site you come across these days is in fact a web application , from iTunes to Twitter and Amazon .
What is App Engine ?
Google App Engine allows you to develop web applications backed by the mother of all data stores : Big Table .
Big Table is Google ’s secret sauce , a super - fast , super - scalable store that contains all of the data that makes Google ’s search and other services what they are .
App Engine opens that power up to outside developers .
App Engine provides a whole range of facilities and frameworks , all based around the scripting language Python .
Much of App Engine is based on a web development framework called Django ; even where Google have developed their own proprietary code — such as the all - important Datastore API — they seem to have been inspired by Django .
Signing Up and Installing
Signing up as a developer for App Engine is very easy , and free .
You simply visit the App Engine site , and use your Google login to create an account .
This allows you to write up to 10 applications ; free apps are quite restricted in their resource quotas , but for many small sites , they are perfectly adequate .
If your site takes off , you will have to decide whether to pay for extra resources , but that is quite a luxurious position to be in .
Installing Google App Engine on your local development machine is also very easy .
Google provide native installers for Windows , Mac , and Linux .
On the Mac , you simply open the downloaded disk image , and drag the GoogleAppEngineLauncher application to your hard disk .
When you launch the app , it will offer to create some symbolic links to make command line usage easier .
That ’s really all there is to it .
Setting Up a Project
We wo n’t go into great depth as to how you setup a project .
Google provide quite a good introductory tutorial , which is probably the best place to start .
The process is quite straightforward :
You create a directory for your project , and you add a configuration file to it called ‘ app.yaml ’ , in the YAML format .
Here is the Mental Drain configuration , by way of example .
application : mental - drain version : 1 runtime : python api_version : 1 handlers : - url : / stylesheets static_dir : stylesheets - url : /images static_dir : images - url : / data static_dir : data - url : / scripts static_dir : scripts - url : /.* script : mentaldrain.py
The app.yaml file describes the app ’s structure , including its version number and runtime environment .
It also tells App Engine how to handle requests for URLs .
For example , the Mental Drain project has subdirectories for static content like images , stylesheets , and scripts .
As you can see , the app.yaml file maps URLs matching certain patterns to these directories .
Any URL that begins with / images will be treated as a request for static data , and will be resolved to the images subdirectory .
( Note that although the URL and directory names are the same in this example , that is not a requirement . )
Anything not matching these particular cases is matched by the last entry , which includes a wild card , and is resolved to the main application script : mentaldrain.py .
Controllers
App Engine , like nearly all modern web development environments , is based on the Model - View - Controller ( MVC ) paradigm .
The model is the data in the data store , the view is what appears in the user ’s browser , and the controller is the code that binds the two together .
The controller code for Mental Drain , which receives requests and decides what to do with them , is mostly concentrated in a single file : mentaldrain.py .
We saw that most requests are directed to this script due to the configuration in app.yaml .
A controller script usually begins by importing a bunch of useful App Engine modules .
from google.appengine.api import users from google.appengine.ext import webapp , db from google .appengine.ext.webapp.util import run_wsgi_app , login_required from google.appengine.ext.webapp import template from google.appengine.api import memcache
The modules you need in your app will vary , but the ones listed above are quite common .
We ’ll see them in use as we go .
Somewhere in the controller file , usually toward the bottom , a WSGIApplication object will be created , and initialized .
application = webapp .
WSGIApplication ( [ ( '/ postnugget ' , NuggetFactory ) , ( '/addteachertopics ' , TopicHandler ) , ( '/updateteachertopic ' , TopicHandler ) , ( '/ fishout ' , FeedbackHandler ) , ( '/' , MainPage ) ] , debug= True ) def main ( ) : run_wsgi_app( application ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
The application object maps URLs to particular handler classes , which are usually defined in the same controller file .
In the example above , if a URL begins with / postnugget , it will be handled by the Nugget Factory class .
Note that a single class can handle multiple types of URLs , as is the case for TopicHandler .
The handler classes themselves must be subclasses of webapp .
RequestHandler .
They can handle both HTTP get and post requests , simply by implementing the get and post methods , respectively .
For example , the TopicHandler class handles post requests for a user to subscribe to one or more topics ( tags ) in a string , or a get request to add or remove a particular topic from a user ’s follow list .
class TopicHandler( webapp.RequestHandler ) : def post ( self ) : nugget = None if users.get_current_user ( ) : teacher = Teacher.teacher(users.get_current_user ( ) ) tags = ParseTags(self.request.get ( ' topics ' ) ) topics = [ Topic.topic ( tag ) .key ( ) for tag in tags ] for t in topics : TeacherTopic.teacherTopic( teacher , t) self.redirect ('/') @login_required def get ( self ) : teacher = Teacher.teacher(users.get_current_user ( ) ) tags = ParseTags(self.request.get ( ' topic ' ) ) action = self.request.get ( ' action ' ) if len( tags ) == 1 : topic = Topic.topic ( tags [ 0 ] ) if action == ' add ' : TeacherTopic.teacherTopic( teacher , topic ) elif action == ' remove ' : tt = TeacherTopic.teacherTopic( teacher , topic ) if tt : tt.delete ( )
Getting the parameters passed with the request is trivial using the request dictionary .
The string passed in the topics argument is retrieved like this
self.request.get ( ' topics ')
App Engine supplies many different APIs : in the code above , you can see examples of retrieving the current user
users.get_current_user ( )
and redirecting the browser to a different URL
self.redirect ('/')
Another very common aspect of handling requests in a controller is returning HTML from the request , to be displayed in the user ’s browser .
This amounts to writing data to the request output stream , as in the following piece of code from Mental Drain
def showInfo ( self ) : url = users.create_login_url(self.request.uri ) templateValues = {'url ' : url} path = os.path.join(os.path.dirname( __file__ ) , ' templates ' , ' index.html ' ) self.response.out.write(template.render( path , templateValues ) )
Although you can simply write out HTML strings directly , it is more common to separate the HTML from the controller code in template files .
This snippet shows how a template is located in the ‘ templates ’ subdirectory , and then instantiated with a particular URL argument .
The resulting string is written to self .
response.out , the request ’s output stream , which results in it appearing in the user ’s browser .
Views
We already started to consider the View of MVC in the controller section above .
The View is what appears in the user ’s browser , and is usually generated by App Engine using HTML template files .
The template engine in App Engine is from the Django framework .
Here is a relatively simple template for the info page of Mental Drain .
{ % extends " base.html " %} { % block content %} < h1 class = " title " >
Mental Drain </ h1 > < h3 > What ?</h3 > < p > Mental Drain is a service for creating ad hoc online communities in the blink of an eye .
Creating a new community is as simple as entering a topic — ' news ' , ' fast - cars ' , ' french - history ' , ' spanish ' , ' ucla - comp - sci ' — anyone can create a community , and anyone can join an existing community .
</ p> < h3 > Not Who ... What </h3 > < p >
You can follow as many topics — join as many communities — as you please .
You receive messages that are posted on any topic you are following .
In contrast to other messaging services , the focus of Mental Drain is not on who is posting a message , but what the message contains .
You do n't follow people , you follow topics .
</p> < h3 > Your Mental Drain</h3 > < p > Each user has their own ' mental drain ' .
Your mental drain is the stream of messages that have been posted on any of the topics that you are following .
It 's similar to an email Inbox or RSS feed .
</p> < h3 > Fishing for Nuggets </h3 > < p > A message posted to Mental Drain is called a ' nugget ' .
Mental Drain is more than just a means of communicating — it 's also a learning tool .
Any nugget can be ' fished out ' of your mental drain .
When a nugget gets fished out , it is scheduled to reappear every so often in your mental drain .
This can be useful for remembering interesting nuggets .
</ p> < h3 > Mental Drain v. Mental Case </h3 > < p > Mental Drain is loosely - based on < a href = " http://www.macflashcards.com " >
Mental Case </a > , an application for the Mac and iPhone .
Mental Case has advanced features for organizing and studying information ; Mental Drain is much simpler , and focussed on social learning .
</p> { % endblock %} { % block sidebar %} < div class =" lastsidebarsection " >
< p > You are not logged in .</ p> < p >< a href= " {{ url }} " >
Login</a></p> < p class = " help " >
You can login with a Google account .
</ p> </div > { % endblock %}
It looks a lot like ordinary HTML , but has embedded directives and variables .
The code {{ url }} , for example , will be substituted with the string supplied for the url variable when instantiating the template .
The template engine can also handle many other operations common to programming , such as conditional branching and looping .
Django templates can be arranged into an inheritance hierarchy much like in Object - Oriented Programming ( OOP ) languages .
The page above extends the file base .
html , which includes repetitive code such as the head section , with links to CSS and Javascript files .
Two blocks have been defined , for the main content , and the sidebar content .
These override blocks defined in base .
html .
Put simply , the blocks replace the blocks of the same name from the base .
html file in the generated output .
Here is the base .
html file :
< html > < head > < link type =" text /css " rel=" stylesheet " href= " / stylesheets/main.css " /> { % block extrahead %} { % endblock %} </head > < body > < div id =" container " > < img src= " /images/Cloud.jpg " id =" cloud " /> < div id =" content " > { % block content %} { % endblock %} </div > < div id =" sidebar " > { % block sidebar %} { % endblock %} </div > </div > </body > </html >
Even if you are n’t using App Engine , a template engine like Django ’s provides a powerful way to avoid repetitive coding , keep program logic and presentation code separate , and structure a web site much more cleanly .
Models
The model layer is about how data is stored in Big Table .
Google does n’t give you direct access to Big Table ; you get indirect access through the Datastore API .
The Datastore API is similar to Core Data framework on the Mac , in that you define entities and relationships between those entities .
When you use Core Data , you do this with a graphical tool ; for App Engine , you define Python classes and add entity properties as class members .
For example , the Nugget entity in Mental Drain , which represents a single post , begins like this
class Nugget ( db. Model ) : teacher = db.ReferenceProperty ( Teacher , collection_name='nuggets ') created = db.DateTimeProperty(auto_now_add=True ) content = db. TextProperty ( required =True )
Entity classes generally derive from the db .
Model class , and contain class members for each property .
The created property , for example , is a date , so it is assigned to a DateTimeProperty object .
content is the textual content of the post , so this is a TextProperty .
There are many other property types available , including generic data blobs , which can be used for storing images and files .
The teacher property is somewhat different , in that it defines a relationship to another entity : Teacher .
A teacher in Mental Drain is just a user — we are all teachers in ‘ the drain ’ — and this property maps a particular post ( nugget ) back to the user that posted it .
A ReferenceProperty is used to create such a relationship .
Relationships can of course take many forms : one - to - one , one - to - many , many - to - many .
The relationship of a nugget to its teacher is actually many - to - one , because a teacher can post many nuggets , so where is the ‘ many ’ side of the relationship ?
In Core Data , this would be made explicit by adding an inverse property , nuggets , to the Teacher entity , but in App Engine , nothing is added to Teacher at all .
Instead , an implicit property is created behind - the - scenes called nuggets ; this property is not a list or array of nuggets , as you might expect , but a query that can be used to retrieve all of the nuggets that belong to the teacher from the data store .
Although all of this works fine once you get used to it , I think I prefer having an explicit property added to the Teacher class — it certainly makes reading the code simpler .
Fetching and Saving Data
We mentioned you can use queries to retrieve objects from the store .
This is analogous to using ‘ fetch requests ’ in Core Data , or an SQL query for a relational database .
App Engine even supports an SQL like query language called GQL , but for many queries , you can use a simplified syntax .
For example , here is how Mental Drain checks if a particular user already exists in the store
teacher = Teacher.all ( ) . filter ( 'user =' , user ) .
get ( ) if teacher : # Teacher exists already ... else : # Create a new teacher ...
The all class method returns a query for all Teacher instances in the data store .
This is then modified by the filter method to only look for those Teachers where the user property is equal to a particular user .
Finally , the get method returns the user , if there is one , and None otherwise .
( If you are looking for more than one object , you use the fetch method instead of get . )
Whenever you create a new object , you need to make sure it is saved .
The put method ensures that the data is persisted in the data store .
newTeacher = Teacher ( user=user ) newTeacher.put ( )
Testing
Google have gone to quite a lot of trouble to make working with App Engine a pleasure .
You can test your app on your local machine with a test store before uploading it to the Google servers .
You can even login with different fictional user names to test your app for multiple users .
You can start the test server using the GoogleAppEngineLauncher app , or on the command line :
dev_appserver.py < path_to_app_directory >
Your app will then be available at the address http://localhost:8080 .
Deploying an App
Once an app is ready for prime time , it is just as easy to deploy it as it is to test .
Again , you can use GoogleAppEngineLauncher to upload the app , or you can use the command line :
appcfg.py update < path_to_app_directory >
Gotchas
There are a few gotchas to be aware of .
For one , you have no direct access to your app ’s data .
If you want to perform a migration , or other manipulation of that data , you will need to do so by writing application code , and running that via URL requests .
To complicate matters somewhat , Google have placed a limit on the number of items you can retrieve from the store with one query , and that is currently set at 1000 .
If you have a million items in the store , you need to develop a script to iterate through those items 1000 at a time .
Finally , you have to be aware that there are limits on how long a single request can run , so if your data transformation takes a considerable amount of time , you will have to break it up into a chain of contiguous URL requests .
The App Engine documentation explains how you best can do this .
Advanced Stuff
This has been a very high - level look at App Engine .
The objective was to give you an idea of the scope of the project , some of its advantages , and some of its disadvantages .
We have n’t touched on anything particularly advanced , but that does n’t mean it ca n’t be done .
For example , Mental Drain uses
Ajax techniques for updating data without reloading the page , and the Memcache API to improve performance .
Brad Friedman Byon 1/27/2009 , 1:50 pm PT
And speaking of Rightwing rubes and hacks enjoying big salaries from seemingly - respectable mainstream corporate media outlets , Bernie Goldberg has released his silly new book , A Slobbering Love Affair : The True ( And Pathetic ) Story of the Torrid Romance Between Barack Obama and the Mainstream Media , but the well - documented coverage of the book 's arguments , so far , suggests it 's a lollapalooza of inaccuracy , fudged facts , and mangled and out - and - out doctored " evidence " .
Color us stunned .
Media Matters has begun to fact - check the book , and has , for example , meticulously examined what Goldberg describes as " snippets " from an interview with NBC's Tom Brokaw , conducted by PBS ' Charlie Rose , that purportedly reveals how Brokaw , and his Obama - loving big media brethren were in the tank for Obama from the git .
The only trouble ?
Goldberg has out - and - out doctored the transcript of the actual interview to make his case by completely re-arranging comments ( often putting them entirely out of order ) , changing actual words to give them entirely different meanings than obviously intended when viewing the actual transcript , and leaving out huge chunks of the discussion which completely counter the argument being made by Goldberg --- who laughably considers himself both a journalist and a media crictic --- to try to sandbag the targets of his hit piece .
For example , at the end of one of the books many snarky grafs in which Goldberg argues that Brokaw waited until " just before Election Day to decide that he had no idea who Obama was , " Goldberg sniffs " Ain't journalism wonderful ? "
He then offers some of the " snippets " from that interview to help make his case , like this one :
ROSE : What do we know about the heroes of Barack Obama ?
BROKAW : There 's a lot about him we do n't know .
Brokaw 's busted , right ?!
Not so fast .
Because now it gets high - larious .
Or , at least it would be high - larious , were it not for the seemingly endless wingnut welfare available to the rube Goldberg and his ilk , from multi-million dollar propaganda houses like the rightwing whacko Regnery Publishing , who describe themselves , accidentally ( ? ) ironically , as " a hit machine " .
So , here 's how MM dissects what was actually said , as documented by the actual , unedited transcript of the Brokaw / Rose interview , as compared to Goldberg 's wholly mangled , out - of - context , out - of - order , " quoted " snippet above ...
But that 's not how Brokaw answered Rose 's question .
As Media Matters documented in response to Limbaugh 's previous distortions of the same interview , Brokaw was not purporting to express his own view when he said , " There is a lot about him we do n't know " ; he attributed the view to " conservative commentators . "
Moreover , the statement was not in response to the question about " heroes " ; rather , it was made earlier in the conservation .
Brokaw responded to the " heroes " question by saying that " Thurgood Marshall is a big hero of " Obama 's --- a statement that is missing from Goldberg 's portrayal of the interview .
Here 's the actual Charlie Rose transcript , with the text that Goldberg included in bold : ROSE : Exactly , two of them , two books .
What do you make of him ?
Tell me what you see there , because I was talking to a friend of mine , and he said , I see someone who is clearly aspirational , someone who is clearly bright , someone who is clearly ambitious in the best sense of that , but who is clearly cautious .
And in the end , he may very well be a man of the center .
BROKAW : He is a very interesting figure in American politics .
He has made very few false steps along the way , when you think about this long , difficult road that he has been on --- against the Clinton machine first , and the appearances he has made all over the country .
Sure , he has hit some speed bumps , and there are conservative commentators who say there is a lot about him we do n't know because we have n't asked enough tough questions --- the Bill Ayers relationship --- even those who say we 've got to go back and explore what his drug use was . [...]
ROSE : All right .
We know people sometimes by the books that they read , heroes they have .
We know John McCain , for example , enormously admires Teddy Roosevelt , probably more than anyone else
in a political sense , and really wanted to run a campaign , you know , in which Teddy would be his model --- Teddy Roosevelt .
What do we know about the heroes of Barack Obama -- BROKAW : He likes Justice -- ROSE : --- the books ?
BROKAW : Well , he --- Thurgood Marshall is a big hero of his .
He has got a picture of him in his office .
ROSE : Now was that because of his central role in arguing Brown versus Board of Education ?
BROKAW : Well , I think that --- remember Barack Obama went to Harvard Law School and taught at the University of Chicago , and there was no greater legal figure in the African - American community or in those times when America was changing than Thurgood Marshall .
So , that makes perfect sense .
As you can see , Goldberg 's " snippet " was not even close to what was actually said in the interview .
Ain't journalism wonderful ?
For the full extent of Goldberg 's astounding hackery --- and often , even more grotesque reporting hatchet job on the Brokaw / Rose interview --- see MM 's full article .
For shorter , but no less embarrassing , coverage of other points in the book which collapse immediately upon inspection , see here and here .
To see and hear Goldberg for yourself , tune into the O'Reilly Factor on Fox " News " almost any night of the week , or Sean Hannity on ABC Radio ( where both of the government welfare queens , Goldberg and Hannity , enjoy the government largess of our public airwaves on a daily basis to promote their phony horseshit to you and millions of others ) .
Remember : Liars and clowns like O'Reilly , Hannity , Goldberg et al come into your cars and homes nearly every day thanks to your public tax dollars .
Enjoy !
Or fix the problem .
In Part 1 , I discussed the ill - effects to the Macintosh of Apple 's Flatland aesthetic , a visual simplicity that threatens to bury Apple 's users with unnecessary clutter and complexity .
This month , it 's time to turn our attention to Apple 's other devices , beginning with what users are faced with when it ’s time to upload images .
En route from iPhoto I currently have 13,000 digital photos , pared down from some 50,000 I have taken over the last 10 years .
They fit on our iPhones , Touch , and AppleTV , but getting them there is sheer agony .
I first needed to create a separate smart album in iPhoto for each corresponding album I wanted to appear on my iPhone , etc .
If I did a proper breakout of all my photos , clustering various albums in folders within folders , I would end up with perhaps 2000 albums , with no photograph more than four clicks or touches away .
However with iPhone and the other devices , no folders are supported .
That means that a reasonable upward limitation on albums is around 70 to 80 , a number cumbersome , but at least scrollable .
Thus , the Flatland aesthetic begins to complicate matters .
I organized my own 80 albums with one per state , one per country , and a dozen or so theme - based , like Family and Friends .
As a result , I have albums with as few as 20 pictures ( last Christmas ) and as many as 2000 pictures ( China ) , and the time I spent creating hierarchical keywords was for nought , because none of these devices understand keywords , or photo titles , or anything more complicated than pictures , the ideal interface for a two year old , or at least a two year old with $ 40 a month for a data plan .
Who ’s talking ?
Bruce Tognazzini was hired at Apple by Steve Jobs and Jef Raskin in 1978 , where he remained for 14 years , founding the Apple Human Interface Group .
He remains a major Apple fan , which is why , when they 're doing wrong , he feels compelled to talk about it .
Getting the photos to the iPhone / Touch / AppleTV
Since the photos were all organized in iPhoto , it only makes sense that you sync them with ... iTunes !
If you understand the history of the iPod as a music - only device , you can understand how this came about .
Brand - new users do n't understand , and , because there is no responsive help offered , they are on their own with this and every other concept and problem .
Adding injury to insult
When the user does finally manage to sync the photos , all the albums come out in a jumbled ordering .
Back to iPhoto .
No , the albums are in the perfect order !
Sync again .
Still jumbled .
Maybe it ’s in iTunes somehow .
No , there ’s nothing in iTunes that says anything about photos .
No luck there .
Back to iPhoto again .
The best thing to do now is to just give up , because it is only after surrendering that you are likely to tumble onto what 's going on .
It is the following Tuesday , when you are desperately trying to overcome some problem in syncing your music with iTunes , that you happen to notice a whole row of tabs that you never found before , even though you tried .
That 's because those tabs only appear if iTunes has properly detected an external device and are quite invisible otherwise .
There , on one of those tabs , it says , " Photos . "
Clicking the tab displays all your albums , and they are all in a seemingly random order .
Thus you learn the awful truth :
It does n’t matter what order you placed the albums in iPhoto , you must order them again in iTunes !
And you have to drag them into position , one at a time , with no auto - scroll when you reach the top of the window , so that manipulating a new album from the bottom , where it first shows up , to the top , where you might want it , may take three or four rounds of dragging to the top , then scrolling , then dragging to the top , then scrolling , etc .
Of course , each album must be separately dragged , since there is no moving more than one album at a time .
I guess an advanced concept like group selection is more than they think the average Apple user is smart enough to handle .
Try sorting 80 folders like this sometime , and then try doing it over and over , because you have to do it for every device separately , and , in our household , we have four of them now two iPhones , a Touch , and an AppleTV .
That can easily come to a thousand drag and scroll combinations just to get the albums in the exact same order they were when we left iPhoto to begin this dance .
When you get done , you now have 80 albums to scroll through every time you are looking for a particular photograph .
And reaching an album is only the beginning , since you are then presented , for example , with all two thousand photos in your China album on your iPhone screen .
Try finding your picture of the snake and duck tongue casserole in that little collection .
What Apple needs to do Respect iPhoto ’s nesting in iTunes , so that users do n’t have to manually recreate what they already built in iPhoto
Remove the Flatland limitations in the iPhone , Touch , and AppleTV by supporting a hierarchical structure for all media Because properly - designed hierarchical structures can start out as simple , flat structures , new users will continue to experience a beginner interface that is just as simple as now , while more advanced user will no longer be tortured by a misplaced aesthetic and what borders on contempt for the intelligence and capabilities of the users .
i Phone / iPod Touch Home Screen
You 'll see the now familiar Flatland ethic on the home screen of the iPhone and iPod Touch , where it 's impossible to , for example , drag all your games into a folder .
Instead , you are offered eight distinct , flat , unlabeled pages that you must spin back and forth through in search of that one elusive program .
Apple has thus created eight faithful copies of the Windows ‘ 95 desktop , where new icons cling to the uppermost , leftmost corner of the screen like helium balloons in a leftward - blowing wind .
At least with Windows ‘ 95 , you could also have folders , not just Apps and documents , on the desktop not where you wanted them , true , but at least they were there .
However , the iPhone / iPod Touch desktop does n’t even allow folders , part and parcel of the endless prairie of Flatland .
This flatness mania is damaging Apple developers .
When the App Store first opened , I was buying everything .
I ’ve now stopped buying .
I no longer have anything I want to throw away and nowhere to put anything new .
I ’m an early ( and compulsive ) adopter , but millions of others will soon reach this same point .
The gold rush is going to suddenly be over , and it has nothing to do with people getting bored or the Apps becoming less interesting .
( See , " Right Study , Wrong Prediction , " below . )
It ’s just that Apple has failed to give people a means of storing what they might buy .
To copy such a poor example of design as the Windows ‘ 95 desktop , ten - plus years later , is almost unbelievable , and I ’m quite confident that , as with George Harrison copying “ She ’s So Fine ” when composing ‘ My Sweet Lord , ” it was inadvertent .
However , it was also naive and misplaced , and it needs to be corrected before Apps sales collapse on their developers .
What Apple needs to do Provide containers , be they based on folders or another metaphor , where people can , for example , store all their games , all their widgets such as levels and rulers , all their financial Apps , etc .
Offer alternate views , such as a hierarchical list .
Such lists are not as pretty as icons , but they do n’t have to be shown off in the Apple Store .
They can just be there for experienced users to discover , and they will be of help to people as they collect more and more reference materials and documents , etc .
For Icon -View , give users the power to lay out each level of the hierarchy as they wish .
Human - error is a constant problem in all of life , and having users lay out differing patterns of icons in each container , rather than having them all bunch up toward the upper left every time , will go a long way to enable users to instantly recognize when they have reached an unexpected screen .
This does n’t mean you do n’t provide grids ; it just means people can leave holes in the grid where they want .
It is those patterns of fills and hollows that enable people to instantly recognize the screen they want .
Apple seems to sometimes forget that a lot of selling takes place far away from the Apple Store .
It occurs in people ’s houses , on planes , in restaurants , etc. , where potential customers ask experienced users how they like their devices .
Apple ’s razor - sharp focus on new users is a smart and successful strategy .
Apple needs to bring that same focus to bear on Apple ’s huge , unpaid sales force experienced users .
Apple should continue applying their Flatland aesthetic to the new - user experience , but it should be coupled with a new depth of capability for people further down the path .
If I were at Apple , I would put together a team to identify where this Flatland aesthetic , almost certainly unconscious in origin , is damaging the company , and then I would take steps to root it out .
This would not result in making life difficult for new users , which is neither necessary or desirable , but in making life excellent once again for all users .
For all the other designers out there , we have much to learn from Apple 's error .
The flawed aesthetic that is leading to all this has probably never even been voiced at Apple ; it is probably just a shared assumption .
( I doubt that the term , Flatland , has been bandied about much . )
The kind of trap Apple has fallen into can be particularly destructive .
It 's important for designers , when approaching new revisions , to reexplore who your various user populations are and what their unique needs are .
Apple 's singular focus on new users , correct at a distant time , is now threatening the very existence of external developers , as well as limiting positive word - of - mouth about Apple products , critical to future sales .
Right Study , Wrong Prediction
The press gobbled up a recent study that showed that most iPhone / Touch Apps are not used after the first day or two , and much was made of the fact that this signalled an eventual death knell for the whole Apps movement .
The analysts do n’t get it .
The whole buying process can be a joy in itself :
Exploring all the possibilities out there , laughing and wincing at the user reviews , plunking down your 99 cents or maybe your zero cents , then unwrapping your bright and shiny new App are all pleasurable experiences for many of us .
Then , there ’s that brief time of actually learning and playing with the App , also often ( but not always ) pleasurable .
At the end of all that , I ’ve gotten my 99 cents ( or zero cents ) worth .
If I end up using the App forever , great .
If not , I do n’t feel any more ripped off than I do by a purchase of a Snickers bars that lasts less than five minutes .
The big problem with “ empty calorie ” Apps is not the 99 cents , it ’s what to do with them afterward .
Again , Flatland rears its ugly head .
You certainly can’t leave them on the iPhone , because there ’s soon not enough room .
Back in iTunes , there ’s no sorting them or viewing them except as great big clunky thumbnails , ensuring you ca n’t see the forest for the trees , and no way of sorting them into , oh , I do n’t know , FOLDERS !
( Yes , I am shouting . )
The first runs at 2nd generation , complete - solution iPhone Apps are already appearing , but the 99 cent throw - aways are not going away , and they are not going to spoil the App Store phenomena , either , anymore than Snickers Bars at the checkout counter cause supermarkets to close their doors .
Only Apple can slow down sales at the Apps Store , by continuing to make the user experience complex through rigidly sticking to the surface - simplicity of the Flatland aesthetic .
Join my intensive ( and fun ! ) lecture / workshop course .
Sign up now !
Interaction Design course :
Go from zero to interaction designer in just three days .
You may be coming in cold from engineering or graphic design .
You may already be an interaction designer wanting to " fills in the blanks , " establishing a more solid theoretical and practical base .
I 've aimed this course at all of you , covering the needs of both individual contributors and managers .
Join me as I teach the Apple method and show you how to not only organize for and come up with successful designs , but sell them to engineering and upper management .
It 's intensive , yes : A one - semester - equivalent with a strong , real - world bias .
However , we have a lot of fun along the way , and you 'll leave having worked with a team to design and build a complete project , so you will have not only learned , but experienced everything taught .
User Experience Conference Website
There 's more than my course at an NN / g conference .
You 'll find a breadth of other specialized courses and networking opportunities that will put you and your company at the leading edge of the design curve .
JING SHI , China ( CNN ) --
Tang Hui and his family prospered as migrant workers during China 's economic boom , earning $ 10,000 a year : enough to build a house , send a cousin to school and pay for his grandmother 's medical bills .
Tang
Hui lost his manufacturing job in October just days after getting married .
more photos »
But those good days are over .
The family 's cash earnings have evaporated , snatched away by a manufacturing crash cascading across China caused by falling global demand for its goods .
The nine people in the Tang family are facing an income of zero ; their best hope to survive is to grow rice and raise pigs at home in the Sichuan Mountains .
" Farming is really hard .
It needs a lot of hard labor , " says 22 - year - old Tang Hui , who lost his manufacturing job four months ago .
" None of the young people want to farm nowadays .
The income is extremely low . "
See photos of the hard - scrabble life of Tang Hui »
A Chinese proverb says : " Going on the road to Sichuan is as hard as going to heaven . "
Isolated and mountainous , Sichuan is China 's third most populous province ; 60 percent of its 87 million residents are poor and live in the countryside , authorities say .
It became the nation 's biggest source of the 130 million farmers who migrated into Chinese cities , especially in the south , to provide cheap labor for factories that churned out products , mainly for export to the United States .
The province was also rocked last May by a massive earthquake that killed tens of thousands of people .
Five years ago , Tang Hui left for southern Guangdong province to work in a factory producing handbags and backpacks .
He had to drop out of high school because his family was so poor .
There , he earned enough to stash away savings for his wedding .
But last October , just days after he got married , his factory abruptly closed down .
It was receiving no more orders from its American clients .
Watch Tang
Hui walk muddy roads to get home »
" I hope the government can help us during this crisis , " he says .
" I hope it wo n't be like this for too long .
Now , there is not even enough money to celebrate the holidays . "
At least he was able to spend the most important Chinese holiday of the year , the Spring Festival , at home in Qingbadong village .
The road uphill to the village was muddy and slippery .
The winter rice fields were brown ; the slopes were covered in winter fog .
" In two , three months , " Tang Hui says , " everything will be green and blooming . "
And the festive mood -- the first time in six years the whole family celebrated the holiday together -- was short - lived .
Reality is never far away .
Many of the villagers are unemployed .
The Tang 's next - door neighbors , a married couple , lost their jobs in a Guangdong shoe factory after working there for 16 years .
" A few months without jobs would be disastrous for us , " Tang Hui frets .
Before they ventured out as migrants , the Tangs lived in a wooden shack .
Now , they live in a two - story brick house , with 10 rooms , concrete floors , an open fire pit for cooking .
Still , it has no running water and one outdoor latrine .
See where Sichuan province is located »
In the past months , about 70,000 factories nationwide have closed .
Beijing official Chen Xiwen estimates about 20 million migrant workers have lost jobs .
Tens of thousands of villages in the countryside depend on migrant workers ' income .
China analysts say the spike in unemployment has caught China off guard .
" The central government is now telling local governments to provide help and job training , re-employment , " says Wenran Jiang , a political science professor and China expert at Canada 's University of Alberta .
Vice Minister of Commerce Jiang Zengwei says China is offering " a one - off subsidy of 100 - 150 yuan ( $ 15 to $ 22 ) to 74 million low - income people ... for temporary relief . "
Still , it will take some time before such measures make a difference .
Watch few job hopes for Beijing grads »
Some analysts have suggested that a " rural revolution " is imminent amid the economic turmoil .
However , Wenran Jiang says such talk is premature .
But he also says the central government must do more in the coming months .
" Many migrant workers have lived a very hard and simple life , " he says .
" They have some savings for a rainy day like this , so in the short - term they may be able to cope -- but if eight or 12 months later things continue to deteriorate , it could turn volatile . "
Most farmers like the Tangs do not get social security .
So villagers who lost factory jobs have few choices except go back to farming .
But it is not easy .
Farming feeds people but brings little cash .
Millions of the jobless are second - generation migrant workers , young people who grew up in cities .
" It would be very hard , " says Tang Hui .
" I have never farmed .
I do n't know how to do it . "
To cope , China is creating training programs in the countryside .
One of the pilot centers is in Chongqing municipality .
Some 30,000 workers have so far taken classes in farming , farming machinery repairs , tailoring and other vocational skills .
The trainees got a one - time incentive of about $ 45 .
But the Tangs have never heard about such programs .
When asked about the central government 's plan to invest billions of dollars in countryside infrastructure as a part of a huge stimulus package , they expressed anger .
" The central government has good ideas and intentions , but the local officials often ignore them .
The road in our village was built by the local government but we had to pay for it .
Every family had to pay $ 100 or more .
We get nothing from the government , " says Hui 's father , Tang Zhong Min .
In the evening , the family huddles around an open wood stove .
The stove and a small portable electric heater are the only sources of warmth during the cold winter nights .
A flickering fluorescent lightbulb barely lights the room .
Tang Hui's wife , Li Xiaochun , is 21 years old .
She used to cut leather in a textile factory , and will soon head back to Guangdong with her husband to search for work .
" I think to be at home is better .
I did n't get used to living outside .
I did n't get used to Guangdong .
It is better at home , " she says .
Tang
Hui then interrupts .
" Of course , I also like it at home , but it is better in other places .
Coming home is only good during the Spring Festival , " he says .
Despite the uncertainty , they remain optimistic .
" We are young .
There must be some factories still open out there .
We should be OK to go out and do something , " Li Xiaochun says .
But Tang
Hui 's mother is not so convinced .
" Of course I am worried .
How can they live without jobs , with no money so far away from home ? " asks 46 - year - old Hu Xiaoju .
" But I will definitely go , too . "
For the Tangs and millions of others in China , the road to Guangdong and employment may prove even more difficult then the proverbial road to Sichuan .
All About Sichuan Province • China • Chinese Economy
( Pocket - lint ) - If you 're looking for an Apple laptop , you 've come to the right place .
Here we 'll look at the different models available to help you decide which is best for you .
The first thing to decide is which of the main device types to go for - you can then start looking at the different configurations .
Here we 've rounded up everything from the MacBook Air to the 16 - inch MacBook Pro , to help you work out what each model offers , how much they cost , how they can be configured plus what their pros and cons are .
All new MacBooks now include Apple 's new - style Magic Keyboard but make sure you are buying a model released since late 2019 .
Straggler 15 - inch and 13 - inch MacBook Pros may be cheaper , but they might encounter keyboard issues .
All MacBooks now use USB -C ports .
You 'll need adapters to transfer images from an SD card for example , as well as connect to USB - A devices .
Coincidentally , 2017's 12 - inch MacBook is now no more , replaced by the cheapest MacBook Air .
Read on to find out which Apple MacBook is the one for you .
The MacBook Air is the cheapest MacBook available overall , and the lightest option .
It also offers the longest battery life , Touch ID and a Retina Display with True Tone technology .
After a full refresh , it was updated in 2019 and then again in March 2020 .
2019 models are still available at present , so we 've kept the latest prices alongside the 2020 models below .
The MacBook Pro 13 - inch is the 13 - inch model for those who want the Touch Bar as well as more Thunderbolt 3 ports on the higher two models ( of four ) .
It was updated in May 2020 with new processors and the Magic Keyboard .
Somewhat bizarrely , the lower - end models do n't offer more than the MacBook Air now in terms of power and graphics so you 're probably better off with an Air .
However , the higher - end models obviously have more grunt .
Finally , the Macbook Pro 16 - inch is the king of the MacBooks with the best power and largest storage options , biggest screen and the Touch Bar and Touch ID features .
It is also the most expensive , however , and this probably is n't the MacBook you 'll want if you 're constantly on the move .
squirrel_widget_193481
Dimensions : 304.1 x 212.4 x 41-156 mm , 1.25kg
304.1 x 212.4 x 41-156 mm , 1.25kg Display : 13.3 - inches , 2560 x 1600 ( 227 ppi ) , 400 nits brightness , True Tone
13.3 - inches , 2560 x 1600 ( 227 ppi ) , 400 nits brightness , True Tone Connections : Two USB Type - C ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack
Two USB Type - C ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack Battery : 12 hours
The MacBook Air got a full design update in October 2018 .
There was then a small update in July 2019 and a more significant refresh in March 2020 .
All models retain the iconic wedge shape .
It 's now thinner , lighter and it features Touch ID , a Retina Display and True Tone technology .
The 2020 version has the same refreshed keyboard as the MacBook Pro .
In terms of the 2020 models , the Air is upgraded to 10th generation Intel Core processors ( the 2019 version had 8th - generation chips ) .
The base model is well priced and has a dual - core 1.1GHz Intel Core i3 processor , 8 GB of RAM and 256GB of storage ( doubled from 2019 ) , while the other off - the - shelf configuration has a quad - core 1.1GHz Intel Core i5 chip , 8 GB of RAM and up to 1TB of configurable storage .
It 's the first time there 's been a quad - core MacBook Air .
All models feature Intel 's latest Iris Plus integrated graphics and can be upgraded to 16GB of RAM .
Once more , the Air comes in Silver , Space Grey and Gold .
The only bum note is that all the FaceTime HD webcam sticks with 720 p resolution .
It 's about time we moved on .
The Air is a little more flexible than the old MacBook ( or old Air ) when it comes to ports , in that it offers an extra USB - C port for a total of two .
squirrel_widget_237735
Dimensions : 304.1 x 212.4 x 156 mm , 1.4kg
304.1 x 212.4 x 156 mm , 1.4kg Display : 13.3 - inches , 2560 x 1600 ( 226 ppi ) , 500 nits brightness , True Tone
13.3 - inches , 2560 x 1600 ( 226 ppi ) , 500 nits brightness , True Tone Connections :
Two or four Thunderbolt 3 ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack
Two or four Thunderbolt 3 ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack Battery : 10 hours
Despite being updated in early 2020 , 13 - inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar does n't offer a great deal more than the MacBook Air now , but of course it can be configured with a higher specification .
The Pro does also gives you the Touch Bar , of course , as well as support for the P3 Colour Space on the display .
The 13 - inch MacBook Pro boasts quad - core Core i5 processors as standard across the range .
By default , these are clocked at 1.4 or 2.0 Ghz respectively .
The chips used 8th generation on the bottom two models and 10th generation chips on the top two versions - there are four standard versions of the 13 - inch MacBook Pro now .
You can also configure up to 10th generation Core i7 at 2.3GHz with maximum Turbo Boost speeds lof 4.1 Ghz .
The MacBook Pro 13 - inch is available in Silver or Space Gray .
squirrel_widget_171234
Dimensions : 358 x 246 x 16.2 mm , 2.0kg
358 x 246 x 16.2 mm , 2.0kg Display : 16 - inches , 3072 x 1920 resolution ( 226 ppi ) , 500 nits brightness , True Tone
16 - inches , 3072 x 1920 resolution ( 226 ppi ) , 500 nits brightness , True Tone Connections : Four Thunderbolt 3 ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack
Four Thunderbolt 3 ports , 3.5 mm headphone jack Battery : 11 hours
Our final Macbook is one of the most powerful machines Apple has ever produced , an absolute powerhouse that , in all honesty , is overkill for most people .
It 's got Apple 's biggest ever laptop battery , its biggest - ever laptop screen with beautiful colour range and crisp detail , an all - new and amazingly satisfying keyboard , and processing power that will crunch through any task .
That said , it 's also massively , hugely expensive , and that chunky battery does n't stop the huge display from absolutely eating up its power , struggling in our experience to get near the 11 hours Apple 's claiming .
It 's also , obviously , not the most portable laptop given its size .
Still , if you want the absolute maximum in power that Apple can offer , it 's a bit of a monster .
Writing by Britta O'Boyle and Dan Grabham .
Editing by Max Freeman - Mills .
The Coen brothers ' next film will be a remake of True Grit , the 1969 western which won John Wayne his only Oscar , Variety reports .
The original movie was a star vehicle for the Duke , but the Coens are said to be planning a version closer to Charles Portis 's 1968 novel , told from the point of view of a 14 - year - old girl who hires a grizzled gunman to help find her father 's killer .
The film - making siblings , who have just completed the black comedy A Serious Man , are fitting in True Grit before their planned adaptation of Michael Chabon 's novel The Yiddish Policemen 's Union .
The original True Grit spawned two sequels : 1975 's Rooster Cogburn , in which Wayne reprised his role as the eponymous US marshal , and the made - for - TV 1978 follow - up True Grit : A Further Adventure , which starred Warren Oates as the one - eyed law man .
Wayne is said to have called Marguerite Roberts ' script for the original film " the best [ he 'd ] ever read " .
Melbourne , February 26 , 2009 -- Australian plastics manufacturer Nylex has been placed in the hands of receivers .
Nylex is a well - known name — the company produces the iconic Esky , water tanks , wheelie bins , hose and garden fittings and interior trimmings for car manufacturers .
According to the February 13 Melbourne Age , “ The drought and a government rebate stimulated demand for water tanks , but oversupply pushed down prices and demand collapsed after substantial rain in Queensland and NSW . ”
The slump in the auto industry also contributed to the company ’s woes .
In the end , the banks ( ANZ and Westpac ) called in their loans .
The jobs of its 700 - strong work force are in the balance .
The receivers may or may not find a buyer for Nylex , but any new owner is likely to heavily restructure the company , leading to substantial job losses .
However , the notion of an “ oversupply ” of water tanks when Victoria is faced with an unprecedented water crisis is utterly ridiculous .
Any “ oversupply ” is purely the result of the capitalist economy and government policy .
The moment we stop thinking about corporate profits and start to think about what is objectively needed to ensure the survival of the state ’s five million people , then things look rather different .
The centrepiece of the Victoriam Labor Party state government ’s water plan is the A$ 3 billion - plus Wonthaggi desalination plant .
This monstrosity will produce large amounts of greenhouse gases , further driving global warming .
It will be privately run , effectively privatising a significant part of our water supply .
The water will be hugely expensive and Melbourne residents will be heavily slugged to pay for it .
Emergency program needed
A far better strategy would be to invest instead in a large - scale emergency program of water conservation , waste water recycling and stormwater harvesting .
One key part of strategy this would surely be to provide every house and block of flats with an adequate water tank ( and grey water recycling ) system .
Part of Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd’s “ stimulus ” package is the pledge to provide free insulation ( including installation ) to every residential dwelling in Australia .
That , at least , is something we can support .
The state government should do the same with water tanks .
Furthermore , it should require all commercial buildings to be similarly fitted out .
Such a program would require some millions of water tanks in all specifications .
The “ oversupply ” of water tanks suddenly evaporates .
The Victorian government should put Nylex under public ownership and control .
It should become the monopoly producer of water tanks and set about hiring thousands more workers to staff the production facilities required .
Thousands more jobs would be created in all associated areas .
Global warming has been caused by profit - mad capitalism ( which is really , with apologies to Kevin Rudd , the only sort of capitalism ) .
The economic meltdown , which is now devastating our economy and wrecking the lives of thousands , comes from the same source .
The only way for us to have any hope of a future is to fight to bring our economy under public ownership and control , with the charter to restructure our activity to make it sustainable and people - centred .
Capitalist anarchy
The collapse of Nylex is yet another illustration of the sheer anarchy of the capitalist economy .
Under capitalism the means of production are owned privately and companies live or die according to whether they are profitable .
Naturally enough , the idea of a socially owned economy , driven by the imperative to meet social needs , does n’t get a look in .
Whole armies of media pundits and academic experts will tell us that such a notion is dangerously utopian and simply wo n’t work .
Suffice it to say that climate change and the economic crisis are putting such nostrums to the most severe of tests .
If capitalism survives , most of the world ’s people will not .
[ This article firest appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 785 , March 4 , 2009 .
Dave Holmes is a member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective , an Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance of Australia .
He live in Melbourne . ]
In an interview with Swiss daily Tagesanzeiger , a well - known economist has warned that Switzerland risks bankruptcy , if the recent market turmoil centering on Eastern Europe is not contained quickly .
At issue are loans made in Swiss francs to Eastern European debtors .
With many countries in the region falling into depression , currencies and asset prices are plunging .
Therefore , debtors domiciled in Eastern Europe are increasingly expected to have difficulty with mounting foreign debt loads — and that spells trouble for Switzerland .
Below is my translation of the Tagesanzeiger article .
Switzerland threatened with bankruptcy
Swiss banks have given billions of credit to Eastern Europe – now the customers cannot pay back the money .
Switzerland is threatened with the fate of Iceland , says economist Arthur P. Schmidt .
In countries such as Poland , Hungary and Croatia , the Swiss franc has become an important currency .
Thousands of households and small firms took out loans in Swiss francs , and not in the national currency zloty , forint , or kuna because of lower interest rates .
In Hungary , 31 percent of all loans are in Swiss currency .
Amongst household loans , they are almost 60 percent .
Borrowers in distress
Now , the financial crisis has ended the era of cheap credit .
As a result , Eastern European currencies are falling .
At the end of September , one had to pay 46 francs for 100 Polish zlotys .
Today it is 30 francs .
That means more and more borrowers are having problems with interest payments and repayment .
So the question is what effect this has on the Swiss financial marketplace .
One who sees a dark future for Switzerland is economic expert Artur P. Schmidt .
He believes that the Swiss franc is in danger because of the loans in Eastern Europe .
In Poland , Hungary and Croatia , the Swiss franc has become an important foreign currency – the dollar , so to speak , of Eastern Europe .
Thousands of households and businesses have franc loans .
Why ?
The rapid growth in many countries of Eastern Europe was stimulated through loans in Swiss francs .
Swiss banks and offshore institutions loaned the local banks francs , which passed the francs onto their customers .
The loans were attractive because borrowers pay interest rates much lower than required for loans in local currency .
Now , this system has been shaken ?
Yes , the system has only worked as long as the exchange rate between the franc and the currencies were reasonably stable .
But that is not currently the case .
For example , the Hungarian forint and Polish zloty have lost over a third of their value against the Swiss franc in recent weeks .
Because of the devaluations of the national currencies , the debt to Switzerland has increased by more than one - third .
Many of the Eastern European countries have serious payment difficulties , and are virtually bankrupt .
What does this mean for Switzerland ?
It is likely that a significant proportion of the total 200 billion U.S. dollars of Eastern European loans were issued in Swiss francs .
According to a report by the Bank for International Settlements worldwide franc loans equivalent to around 675 billion U.S. dollars are in circulation – which was about 150 billion directly from Switzerland , 80 billion of Great Britain and about 430 billion U.S. dollars through offshore financial centres .
How many of these loans have gone bad is not known .
But even if the failure rate is 20 percent , the banks would lose a lot of money .
Is the federal government going to intervene now ?
If the banks require a massive writedown of such loans , above a certain magnitude , the government must intervene .
This is already happening via the Swiss National Bank .
In Poland , it has made several billion francs available to the local central bank so that Polish banks can cover the loans .
At the same time , the Swiss National Bank inquired by the European Central Bank whether it could borrow money in an emergency .
This is a clear warning sign that the Swiss franc could be under huge devaluation pressures in the near future .
Swiss banks were too careless in their lending in Eastern Europe ?
Yes , indeed .
Many bankers wanted to earn a lot and neglected the risks .
The National Bank is also at fault as it did not intervene .
In addition , the regulator and the politicians completely failed .
What Switzerland must do now ?
Now , the possible losses caused by these loans must be made transparent .
Above all , all of the Eastern European risks must be fully disclosed .
Together with the loan losses from UBS and Credit Suisse , the entire writedown for Switzerland could exceed the Swiss gross domestic product .
That is to say ?
Switzerland , like Iceland , is threatened with a potential national bankruptcy .
One consequence would be that the Swiss currency could fall massively in value — possibly even crash .
Another would be that Switzerland ’s credit rating would be massively downgraded .
That would be a trauma for the country : Switzerland was always as a stronghold of stability .
The franc could become an unstable soft currency .
Then Switzerland would perhaps be forced to abandon the franc and take on the euro .
Slightly better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick .
THE benefits of a good name only stretch so far .
A “ geographical indication ” ( GI ) that legally ties products like champagne and tequila to their place of origin and cultural heritage does not always help the region it sets out to protect .
Sarah Bowen of North Carolina State University in Raleigh and her colleagues found that tying the making of tequila to the Jalisco region of Mexico has made its production socially and ecologically unsustainable .
Tequila ’s blue agave plant takes six years to mature , leading to an unstable local supply .
This , plus a huge leap in demand for the drink since the 1990s , has driven many liquor …
source : here
Basque photographer Mikel Uribetxeberria is trying to say something .
His work dubbed Animalia , is all about the effort animals have to make in switching places with the humans .
Somehow trapped in a hotel room or the subway , the amazing creatures are all bored , peaceful and not happy to see the what the human wild is all about .
It ’s the abnormal situation that makes these beautifully - honed images subtly state that animals should be let in their natural environment .
It could be a manifesto against those who use animals in their “ getting rich ” projects .
Both art and a scream for help is what makes the message almost perfect .
Thank you Mikel Uribetxeberria .
Aciid c0d3r
( Background and Tracks )
Aciid c0d3r TheColonel.png BEEAARR !!
Wooten Shark Summer DeathBySpoon stevey666 Chinapwns ExplodingSquid madlilnerd stevey666 Maximum Sexy Pigeon Designer0 TheMilkyNutBall Lt. Chips Ez Chinapwns Mr. Awesome illern Ez PetroleumJello CanisExMachina MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon madlilnerd MaximumSexyPigeon mynameisbatman benneburg MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon CanisExMachina MrSalami MrSalami Volkl rolleyes phrozen755 phrozen755 phrozen755 xp67 Ex kicktd Beardy Jorj propunker Rho imitation pork robotsinmyhead MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon Poo Poo Ta Nah Nah Bear Quake MaximumSexyPigeon MaximumSexyPigeon Scary Fast imitation pork MaximumSexyPigeon Rank and Vile Arse Porn Cage phrozen755 phrozen755 Beardy Jorj Beardy Jorj kicktd Beardy Jorj imitationpork Your Mom Rupert Buttermilk Rupert Buttermilk MaximumSexyPigeon beedeebee E0157H7 Rank and Vile Annath Kunzelman Don Of The Dead Volkl WeaponX VaginaDentoddler VaginaDentoddler Chin Poo Poo Ta Nah Nah provocateur Death By Spoon BEEAARR !!
en1125 Rank and Vile Fission Chips MaximumSexyPigeon Exploding Squid Aciid c0d3r en1125
( Fucked thsi up , will fix ) HorseDickSandwich Carbohydrates McFunkerson Quandary Robotic T - Rex Rank and Vile madlilnerd imitationpork Sardine Wit imitationpork twistedbutterfly Mr Salami
There ’s been a lot of fail going around .
It ’s cool to be fail .
Or at least funny .
There ’s whole blogs on being fail .
Fail can be a verb , to fail , or a noun .
He is fail .
Fail can also be a proper noun in certain extreme circumstances : “ Hey , Fail !
You ’re looking pretty fail today . ”
( Notice its adjective status in the latter sentence . )
Gamers and comment trolls of all sorts have also begun doing spelling variations on the word , including : faille , fale and faill .
Perhaps the last was a typo .
Let ’s look at the word “ fail ” in relation to the current President , as begun by Rush Limbaugh .
The first definition of “ fail ” as a verb on http://www.dictionary.com, is the following :
1. to fall short of success or achievement in something expected , attempted , desired , or approved .
Here , for Rush to say , “ I hope Obama fails , ” would imply that he ( Limbaugh ) had originally wanted him to succeed .
We ca n’t say this is a realistic assumption .
2. to receive less than the passing grade or mark in an examination , class , or course of study .
In terms of passing grades , President Obama ca n’t do much worse than the previous incumbent , who left with a 33 % approval rating .
Obama was not a scholastic failure but were he to be unsure , he has certainly reintroduced academia into the White House .
3. to be or become deficient or lacking ; be insufficient or absent ; fall short :
Our supplies failed .
President Bush spent an average of every third day going to , or already on , vacation .
It has recently been brought up that Obama has requested a long weekend retreat , but as averages hold , he ’s been more success than fail in this department .
4. to dwindle , pass , or die away .
If we were to substitute these synonyms for Limbaugh ’s outburst , it might read , “ I hope Obama dies . ”
In this case , perhaps he should be behind bars ?
5. to lose strength or vigor ; become weak .
Obama is young and surrounded by multi-partisan advisers .
He ’s an avid basketball player , so the Commander - in - Chief is himself healthy and fit .
6. to become unable to meet or pay debts or business obligations ; become insolvent or bankrupt .
“ I hope Obama ‘ becomes bankrupt ' ” .
Just silly , especially considering the current financial crisis .
7. to break , bend , crush , or be otherwise destroyed or made useless because of an excessive load .
Ew .
8. to stop functioning or operating .
The most likely so far of the definitions .
“ I hope Obama stops functioning , ” however would not solve what seems to be Limbaugh ’s problem , which is the politics .
If Obama were to turn into some kind of Marxist cyborg , everything is still technically in place for his policies to go through at least for the time being .
Limbaugh is so fail !
The wingnuts have been exploring nonstop all kinds of gloom - and - doom scenarios that apparently are certain to envelop the American economy under President Obama 's guidance .
Some of them -- particularly Glenn Beck 's -- are wildly over the top , but every one of them believes we truly are headed for the great national crapper .
So if you want to see wingnut heads explode like so much Scanners Popcorn , watch what happens when someone proposes the possibility that Obama 's programs might actually work .
Take , for instance , Wayne " Trapper John " Rogers this weekend on Fox 's Cashin '
In segment with Terry Keenan .
When one of the guests wondered if Rogers would subsequently approve of a government bailout of GM should it turn out to actually help the economy improve , he went ballistic :
Rogers :
No , but you do n't know that , and they do n't know that .
Wait , wait , wait , wait .
Hold on !
We 've got proof that this does n't work !
All you 've got to do is , everybody invokes the Depression .
Go back and look at the lessons of the Depression !
This does not work !
And everybody knows that !
So this is a stupid plan , and it 's something that you 're speculating about , that , ' Oh , this may work . '
Sure .
' Everybody knows that ' FDR failed .
Uh-huh .
Well , as Stephen Colbert put it the other night :
Colbert : Last scenario .
Mr. Moore -- scariest one yet .
The year is 2012 .
President Obama 's policies have worked .
Pulling out of the Iraq
War was the right thing to do .
The stimulus plan has the Dow rebounding to somewhere in the 12,000 area .
People 's faith in the government is restored .
Stephen Moore , if this happens , what are you doing ?
It 's gun - in - the - mouth time for you , is n't it ?
Moore : Wait .
You mean , socialism actually works ?
Colbert : Socialism worked .
Obama was right .
The government can actually solve some problems .
Is that gonna happen ?
Moore : I 'd have to rethink everything I believe in .
My prediction : Even if this scenario becomes reality -- and conservative dogma is proven finally for the dog - something it actually is -- these people will never rethink what they believe in .
They wo n't credit Barack Obama .
And they 'll try to claim somehow that it proves they were right after all .
It 's what they do .
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
Eyes around the NFL have been on the Titans and Vikings in the wake of Tuesday 's news that eight members of the Titans organization tested positive for COVID - 19 and the results of further testing on people from both teams came through on Wednesday morning .
NFL Media reports that one more Titans player has tested positive . [ more ]
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit 2009 Bar Refaeli Cover Photo
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit 2009 has revealed that 23 - year - old Israeli modelis the cover girl of the most popular issue of any magazine on the planet .
The photo shoot took place on Canouan Island in the Grenadines .
For a walk down memory lane , we 've included the 2008 cover featuring the gorgeous Marisa Miller and editions 2007 - 2003 below .
Bar has been hitting the circuit promoting .
Check out launch party photos of all the swimsuit models and Refaeli's David Letterman appearance here .
Airline pilots have warned the government that they will not take part in their security theatre trial of ID cards at Manchester and City of London airports .
The Home Office wants to trial the cards for airside workers at the two airports .
Several UK airlines have already pointed out the dumbness of the dumb idea .
The British Airline Pilots ' Association ( BALPA ) has now written to management at both airports to inform them that pilots would not carry the cards .
Balpa said the cards would add nothing to security and that promises from the Home Office that carrying the cards would be voluntary had already been broken .
It said : " Promises that ID cards would be voluntary have been broken ...
The Association says that forcing pilots to have ID cards is an affront to the people who for years have been , and continue to be at the forefront in the battle against terrorist outrages . "
Balpa asked what would happen when the first staff member was sacked for not carrying an ID card .
The group has also written to the government to warn of the difficulties that will ensue when pilots who refuse to register for the ID card lose their jobs .
A spokeswoman for the Identity and Passport Service said : " Identity cards will be mandatory for all airside workers , just as other pre-employment checks are today , so that the benefits from the Scheme can be realised across the aviation sector .
" We will work with each airport to agree exactly which employees would initially be subject to this requirement and how it would best be integrated into the pre-employment checking and pass issuing arrangements at that airport . ” ®
Google Earth view of the feature ( marked ) that could collapse triggering a devastating wave on the shores of Guadeloupe – see maps ( inset ) ( Image : Google Earth / NASA / AGU )
Spotting risky rock formations that are about to collapse and trigger tsunamis could be done with the help of Google Earth , new research suggests .
The software could prove a useful tool where other types of survey prove too difficult or expensive .
One such spot has just been found in the Caribbean by Richard Teeuw from the Geohazard Research Centre at the University of Portsmouth , UK .
See satellite imagery of the volcano for yourself online or in Google Earth .
( You can download Google Earth for free here ) .
Advertisement
“ We were doing fieldwork on the volcanic island of Dominica in the Lesser Antilles and initially just used Google Earth to identify good study areas , ” he says .
“ But with its 3D flyover tool , we quickly got excellent direct glimpses of a slab or rock that may soon cause a tsunami . ”
The flyover tool allowed Teeuw and his colleagues to examine the million - tonne rock in 3D , and from several angles .
They found plenty of evidence that this block of coastline is a landslide waiting to happen .
“ The flank is undercut by erosion from the sea and we saw scars from recent landslides and tension cracks above the block , ” he says .
“ Earthquakes are common in the area and we are pretty sure it ’s going to go soon . ”
Cheap tool
The researchers have calculated that when the rock tumbles into the sea , it could trigger a tsunami of up to 3 metres high .
Though that is smaller than the waves of the 2004 Boxing Day Tsunami , the coast of the island Guadeloupe is only 40 kilometres away and has vulnerable flat beaches .
“ If even a small tsunami hit during the tourist season , and people were unprepared , the impact could be quite bad , ” says Teeuw .
What ’s more , if other blocks above the problem slab were destabilised by a larger earthquake or movement of the slab itself , a much larger tsunami could result .
Teeuw says that the Google Earth images give enough reason to examine the area more closely with high - resolution survey techniques , such as laser altimetry , which would more accurately appraise the risks of a potential collapse .
Surveys of this kind are too expensive to use for routine scans over large areas , especially in poor countries .
“ If we can do a systematic study using Google Earth to identify the areas most at risk , the detailed analysis can be focused only on the spots that really need it , ” he says .
Journal reference : EOS ( volume 90 , number 10 , page 81 )
Abstract
The purpose of this analysis is to determine the evolution of gravity in the Mario video game series as video game hardware increases .
Introduction
Gravity is force which is responsible for keeping us on the ground .
It is also the force that prohibits us from jumping 50 feet in the air .
However , in Mario 's world , gravity does not quite work that way .
Mario is able to jump 5 times his height and fall with accelerations that would be deadly to humans .
We will find Mario 's acceleration due to gravity by using the formula
s = s 0 + v 0 t + ½ at2
where s is the distance he falls , s 0 is his initial distance , which is 0 , v 0 is his initial vertical velocity , which is also 0 , a is his acceleration due to gravity , and t is the time it takes for him to fall .
When we solve this formula for a , we get
a = 2s/t2
Procedure
Record video clips of Mario falling from a ledge in the following games : Super Mario Bros 1 , 2 & 3 , for NES
Super Mario World for SNE
Super Mario 64 for N64
Super Mario Sunshine GCN
Super Paper Mario for Wii Watch the clip in Quicktime Video Player and use the frame by frame option to determine the number of frames it took Mario to fall .
Also using Quicktime , the FPS , or frames per second , of each video must be found .
Take a screen shot of Mario standing next to the ledge .
This Screen shot will be used to determine the distance of the fall .
Analysis
First , you must find the time it took Mario to fall from the edge of the ledge to the ground in each game .
To do this , we opened each clip in Quicktime movie player , and using the frame by frame option , found the total number of frames it took Mario to fall .
We then used the formula :
Time = ( Number of Frames ) / ( Frame Rate )
To find the time of each of Mario 's falls .
Once we knew the time , we needed to figure out the distance Mario fell in each game .
We used a screen shot of Mario next to the ledge he fell from in each game , and found the height of Mario and the ledge in pixels .
According to Wikipedia , Mario is " a little over five feet tall . " , so we used 5 feet , or 1.524 meters , as Mario 's height .
We used the formula :
Height Mario [ m ] / Height Mario [ pixels ] = Distance [m ] / Distance [ pixels ]
Distance = ( Height Mario [ m ] / Height Mario [ pixels ] ) x Distance [ pixels ]
Once we had the distance Mario fell in each instance , we were able to use the formula
s = s 0 + v 0 t + ½ at2
to find Mario 's acceleration in each game .
Mario was in free fall in each case , so this acceleration was equal to gravity .
His initial velocity was 0 , as was his initial position .
Our results in m/s2 as well as in multiples of g are outlined in the table below .
Game
Frames
Time
(s) Height of Mario
( pixels ) Distance of Fall
( pixels ) Distance of Fall
( m) Acceleration
( m/s2 ) Acceleration
(g) Super Mario Bros. 15 0.5 39 292 11.4 91.28 9.31 Super Mario Bros. 2 12 0.4 45 255 8.6 107.95 11 Super Mario Bros. 3 15 0.5 35 265 11.5 92.31 9.42 Super Mario World 15 0.5 38 193 7.7 61.92 6.32 Super Mario 64 10 0.33 86 217 3.8 69.22 7.06 Super Mario Sunshine 23 0.77 119 988 12.7 43.05 4.4 Super Paper Mario 12 0.4 288 748 4 49.47 5.05
Finally , we graphed the acceleration due to gravity in each game as the bit rate of the graphics processor increased .
Since Super Mario Bros. 1 , 2 , and 3 were from the same console , we took an average of the three values .
Also , the Nintendo Wii never clearly defined its bit rate , but sources say that it is 96 Bits , which is actually less than that of the Nintendo GameCube .
As for the other systems , the NES is an 8 Bit system , the SNES is 16 bit , the N64 is 64 Bit , and the GCN is 128 Bit .
We set a power fit to this graph , and the result is shown below .
Conclusion
We determined that , generally speaking , the gravity in each Mario game , as game hardware has increased , is getting closer to the true value of gravity on earth of 9.8 m/s2 .
However , gravity , even on the newest consoles , is still extreme .
According to Wikipedia , a typical person can withstand 5 g before losing consciousness , and all but the very latest of Mario games have gravity greater than this .
Also , with gravity that great , it is a wonder Mario can perform such feats as leaping almost 5 times his own body height !
Sources of Error
The primary source of error in this experiment would be the assumption that Mario is 5 feet tall , and that his height stays constant in each game .
In most Mario games , he can become bigger by consuming mushrooms or other powerup objects , and the 5 foot height may be referring to this state .
Also , in the 3D Mario games , the camera angle was always angled down , so when measuring the height of Mario and the ledge , this angle caused the measured distance to be different than the actual distance .
Adam Lefky , Artem Gindin -- 2007
External links to this page :
Physics on Film
As someone who has been interested in gold for the last forty years , I have always been interested in the definitions which can be applied to gold .
Is gold money ?
It often has been , but it is not at present .
I suspect it may become money again .
Is gold a commodity ?
I think the answer to that question is yes .
Gold used in chemical reactions , or in jewellery , is plainly a commodity which can sometimes be replaced by another commodity .
However , the question I find most interesting is whether gold is a real asset .
One of the problems of investment is that there are two variables , reality and liquidity .
Land or property are relatively illiquid , but are also real , in that they have a use which does not depend on their value in exchange .
Gold is highly liquid , indeed it is more liquid than paper money .
In extreme circumstances , paper money can lose all its value , when gold is still acceptable as payment .
In 1940 , when the French Army was defeated , many French people took to their automobiles to escape the advancing Germans .
They found that petrol stations would not accept paper francs , but would sell their petrol in exchange for gold coins .
Gold also remains an acceptable currency in periods of high inflation , when paper money can lose all its value .
What does reality  mean , when applied to an investment ?
Obviously we talk about real estate to describe the legal possession of property .
I think that means property with a permanent character and at least a potential use .
In the same way , the traditional theorists of the gold standard would say that gold was a real currency , because it has permanence and a potential non-monetary use .
I accept that reality in an asset is a relative factor .
In an ideal world , we would all like to hold our financial needs in a currency with a high degree of permanence , strong alternative uses and high liquidity .
We have to make do with currencies which fall short of perfect reality , and fall short of perfect liquidity as well .
We make do with imperfect currencies because we have no choice .
Gold makes one think about these issues , but it makes one even more uneasy about electronic money .
In book publishing , I am well aware of the library demand for archival books which can reasonably be expected to last for centuries , like the printed works of earlier centuries .
We need also to have permanent money , which can be relied upon to survive , even though its value may decline over time .
The historic value of gold has been astonishingly stable over centuries .
In an extreme example , one could be worried about the issue of money and about its preservation .
Mr. Madoff has shown that fraud can reach the unbelievable level of $ 50 billion .
Might there not be still larger frauds , so large as to achieve what the wartime German operation attempted , a complete takeover of a targeted currency ?
Cybercrime is already operating on a huge scale .
Suppose that Al Qaeda , instead of attacking the twin towers , had attacked the electronic systems which record all the monetary holdings of New York .
No lives might have been lost , but an electronic pulse might have erased one of the central counting houses of world finance .
The world might have been ruined .
Is there not some element of this cybercatastrophe in the present world crisis ?
Reality may be a variable concept , with nothing 100 per cent real and hardly anything zero per cent .
When I was born , in 1928 , gold was money , and gold was over 90 per cent real .
In 1970 , when I was in my forties , money was paper , and even the convertibility into gold of the Bretton Woods Agreement was breaking up .
Now money is a largely unidentifiable electronic pulse , itself vulnerable to attack by electronic means .
Virtual money has very low reality , much lower than paper .
Surely this is a system which could be blown away because there is nothing in it to gain confidence .
Even a return to paper money would raise the level of reality attached to world currencies .
There is a problem of raising the reality level of all currencies  a problem which nineteenth century economists solved by convertibility to gold .
March 10 , 2009
William Rees - Mogg is former editor - in - chief for The Times and a member of the House of Lords .
He has been credited with accurately forecasting glasnost and the fall of the Berlin Wall — as well as the 1987 crash .
His political commentary appears in The Times every Monday .
His financial insights can only be found in the Fleet Street Letter , the UK ’s longest - running investment newsletter .
The Best of William Rees- Mogg
Quick Picks focuses on a select few of the day 's stories from " Breaking on the Web . "
Check out more of our roundup of the best investigative stories around the Web .
Yellowbeard ( Graham Chapman ) , a pirate 's pirate , is allowed to escape from prison to lead the authorities to his treasure .
He finds that his wife neglected to tell him that he now has a son , twenty , and shame of shame , an intellectual .
The British Navy , Yellowbeard , his son , and members of Yellowbeard 's old crew , all go after the treasure .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
Part of BDSM that appeals to many people is the BONDAGE aspect , the tying of a sub or slave during a scene can enhance the feelings of submission , it can leave the slave in a position of total submission and from a Masters point it can leave her / his body available to you to use with little or no resistance * however tying a slave is not an excuse to abuse her without her fighting back , abuse is not the aim when partaking in bondage , abuse is something the BDSM community does not look kindly on , whether you are a new or old Master or Dom *
When you have decided to tie your sub or slave the next question is where and how , again this is something that differs from person to person , but I would like to give a few hints and tips ,
There are many places that cater to bondage frames , and if you have a spare few thousand in the bank then these are wonderful things to use , but please remember , space is a must as well as a big bank balance , a frame is not really something you can sore under the bed , and if it is then the 90 minutes it would take to erect before a scene take some of the spontaneity from play times .
Look around your garage , do you have a work bench ?
This could be used , in the bed room , does your bed have a headboard and a foot board ?
Is it a metal framed bed ?
What about a dining table ?
Maybe a sturdy coffee table ?
A chair ?
The point I am making is that most types of furniture can be used if it is sturdy and of a size that allows the sub or slave to be somewhat comfortable and safe from falling ,
Look around your house and garage , you will be surprised at what is lying around your house and experiment , but most of all have fun and stay safe
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
PHILADELPHIA – Even when their products are implicated in harm to patients , manufacturers of healthcare information technology ( HIT ) currently enjoy wide contractual and legal protection that renders them virtually “ liability - free , ” writes Ross Koppel , Ph.D. , of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine , in the March 25th issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The current system needs to be changed so that all liability does not rest entirely with physicians , nurses , hospitals , and clinics , even when these users of faulty HIT scrupulously follow vendor instructions , according to Dr. Koppel ’s piece , co-authored with David Kreda , a software designer .
The HIT industry avoids liability by relying on a legal doctrine known as “ learned intermediaries ” that holds physicians , nurses , pharmacists , and healthcare technicians responsible for HIT errors because are presumed to be able to identify — and correct — medical mistakes generated by software faults .
“ HIT vendors claim that , because they cannot practice medicine , clinicians should be accountable for identifying errors resulting from faulty software or hardware , ” said Koppel .
“ But errors or lack of clarity in HIT software can create serious , even deadly , risks to patients that clinicians cannot foresee . ”
In one example , a trauma team did manage to catch an error in a piece of faulty vendor software that miscalculated intracranial pressures .
Had they not , patients would have been severely threatened and the hospital would have been responsible for the resulting harm .
“ From an equity standpoint , ” says Dr. Ross Koppel , “ This is unacceptable . ”
Other examples of internal software mistakes include confusing kilograms and pounds used to derive medication doses based on a patient ’s weight , and software that erroneously removes warnings about fatal drug allergies .
In both cases “ learned intermediary ” clauses hold that clinicians are responsible for noticing the mistake before prescribing .
Equally unfortunate and unacceptable according to Koppel are the provisions in most HIT contracts that prohibit healthcare organizations from openly disclosing any problems caused by vendor software , even to the other HIT licensees using the same products , e.g. , clinicians and hospitals .
Such stipulations defeat patient safety efforts and are contrary to the principles of evidence - based medicine , says Koppel .
The authors also identify circumstances where HIT vendors should not be held accountable for patient safety failures arising from their products ’ misbehavior , e.g. , user misuse and medical circumstances not knowable in advance .
“ Legal and contractual changes must not reduce incentives to vendor innovation , ” said Koppel .
“ We must achieve a better balance among patient safety concerns , fairness to clinicians , vendor responsiveness , and vendor marketing . ”
The authors suggest moving the HIT industry toward this balance may require several changes to the status quo , including :
Granting additional power to set rules affecting HIT contract terms to state and national organizations with responsibility for inspecting hospitals .
Professional medical organizations taking a stand that HIT contracts containing blanket “ hold harmless / learned intermediary ” clauses are inconsistent with professional practice .
Vendors would then have to focus more strongly on patient safety concerns .
Ongoing lobbying of Congress by healthcare professionals and their associations for changes in federal law that would recognize a range of HIT vendors ’ safety responsibilities — much as with auto manufacturers and seatbelt laws .
Altering legal standards to facilitate rather than frustrate disclosure of HIT product shortcomings that have patient safety implications .
Dr. Koppel ’s research on HIT came to national attention in 2005 with a JAMA article on medication errors associated with computerized physician order entry ( CPOE ) systems .
More recently , his work on errors in bar - coded medication administration and on the interactions between HIT and the organizations implementing it has received international focus .
Dr. Koppel has also published widely on the many benefits of HIT .
###
PENN Medicine is a $ 3.6 billion enterprise dedicated to the related missions of medical education , biomedical research , and excellence in patient care .
PENN Medicine consists of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine ( founded in 1765 as the nation 's first medical school ) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System .
Penn 's School of Medicine is currently ranked # 4 in the nation in U.S. News & World Report 's survey of top research - oriented medical schools ; and , according to most recent data from the National Institutes of Health , received over $ 379 million in NIH research funds in the 2006 fiscal year .
Supporting 1,700 fulltime faculty and 700 students , the School of Medicine is recognized worldwide for its superior education and training of the next generation of physician - scientists and leaders of academic medicine .
The University of Pennsylvania Health System ( UPHS ) includes its flagship hospital , the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania , rated one of the nation ’s top ten “ Honor Roll ” hospitals by U.S. News & World Report ; Pennsylvania Hospital , the nation 's first hospital ; and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center .
In addition UPHS includes a primary - care provider network ; a faculty practice plan ; home care , hospice , and nursing home ; three multispecialty satellite facilities ; as well as the Penn Medicine Rittenhouse campus , which offers comprehensive inpatient rehabilitation facilities and outpatient services in multiple specialties .
The Worlds Fastest Manned Aircraft
I 've always been fascinated with both going fast and flying high .
Combining the two is just heaven .
This article covers the fastest manned aircraft in the world and focuses almost exclusively on their relative speeds .
I am purposely excluding any prototypes , or experimental aircraft .
The following six aircraft are the fastest manned production aircraft currently available .
I 've tried to include cockpit views as well as photo's of each aircraft alongside a brief overview of each one .
1. Lockheed SR - 71 : Fastest air - breathing manned airplane in the world .
Unofficially named the " Blackbird " , or called the " Habu " by it 's pilots .
The SR - 71 was a long - range strategic reconnaissance aircraft .
It 's primary defensive was its speed .
Capable of flying at speeds over Mach 3.2 and at 85,000 feet .
The SR - 71 is the fastest air - breathing manned airplane in the world .
Cockpit View :
SR - 71 Performance :
Maximum Speed : Mach : 3.2 + ( 2,200 + mph , 3,530 + km /h,1900 knots + ) at 80,000 ft ( 24,000 m )
Range : 2,900 nmi ( 5,400 km )
Ferry Range : 3,200 nmi ( 5,925 km )
Service Ceiling : 85,000 ft ( 25,900 m )
Rate of Climb : 11,810 ft/min ( 60 m/s )
2. Westland Lynx ZB500 - Fastest helicopter
Following initial orders placed for the Lynx AH Mk.1 by the Army Air Corps and the Qatar government , Westland built their own demonstrator and trials aircraft .
Built in 1978 at Yeovil , Somerset as a 9 - seat military battlefield attack - utility helicopter powered by two LHTEC T800 turboshaft engines , it first flew on 18th May 1979 and continued to carry the civil registration for non-military demonstration flights .
Following these flights it was stored for two years , before being reworked in mid 1986 for an attempt on the Helicopter World Speed Record .
On completion of the modification work G - LYNX was flown again on 1st August 1986 and , following several trial runs , made the actual record attempt on 11th August over a measured 15 km ( 9.3 mile ) route on the Somerset levels .
The final speed , verified by the FAI , was 249.09 mph .
G-LYNX remains the World Speed Record holder , 14 years after it took the title .
Cockpit View :
Theoretically , a helicopter can only reach speeds of 250 mph before it starts spinning out of control .
At 249.09 mph the Westland Lynx ZB00 is the fastest helicopter in the world .
3. Concorde- Fastest Commercial Jet
The Concorde is a turbojet supersonice passenger airliner .
The Concorde was introduced January 21 , 1976 .
The Concorde flew regular transatlantic flights from Europe to North America at record speeds .
With only 20 aircraft ultimately built , the costly development phase represented a substantial economic loss .
Additionally , Air France and British Airways were subsidised by their governments to buy the aircraft .
As a result of the type 's only crash ( on 25 July 2000 ) , world economic effects arising from the terrorist attacks on 911 , and other factors , operations ceased on 24 October 2003 .
The last " retirement " flight occurred on 26 November 2003 .
The Concorde remains the fastest commerical airline with a maximum speed of Mach 2.2 ( 1,450mph )
Cockpit View :
Concorde Performance
Maximum Speed : Mach 2.2
Cruise Speed : Mach 2.02
Altitude : 60,000ft
Rate of Climb : 5,000 ft per min
Range 3,900 nmi
Maverick Solo Jet
SoloJet Performance
( Source Maverickjets.com )
Max Speed : Mach .82
Rate of climb : 7,950ft/min
Range : 1200nm
5 .
Mikoyan - Gurevich MiG -25
4.- Fastest Personal JetIf you are in a hurry you wo n't get there faster in any other personal jet in the world .
For a mere 1.2 million you could be flying this sexy Maverick Solo Jet at speeds of up to Mach .82 . " Foxbat " - Fastest Fighter Jet
The MiG - 25 is a Soviet designed high - supersonic interceptor , entering service in January of 1970 .
The aircraft uses vacuum tube electronics , has two turbojet engines .
At a top speed of Mach 3.2 , the MiG - 25 is the fastest fighter jet in the world .
It 's interesting to note ; the plane itself was very unstable at these speeds .
Cockpit View :
Mig -25 Performance :
Maximum Speed : Mach 3.2
Range : 1,075 mi
Ceiling : 67,915 ft
Rate of Climb : Max altitude in 8.9min
6. Tupolev Tu -114 - Fastest propeller driven Aircraft
The Tupolev Tu-114 is a turboprop powered long - range airliner that was flown between 1961 and 1975 .
It was capable of speeds of up to 541 mph .
A big feat for a propeller driven aircraft , especially for it 's size and weight .
It was capable of carrying 250 passengers .
Cockpit View :
Tu -114 Performance :
Max Speed : 541 mph
Range 3,900 mi
Ceiling - 39,000
Excluding any unmanned , experimental , or space air - craft .
These are the fastest manned air - craft in the world .
I found it very interesting that the only one of these that are still in service are the new Maverick private jets .
It seems we have put much less emphasis on raw speed and power when it comes to the development of aircraft .
Doc-3d
The flower is a day bloomer and will now be studied to see if it can be bred from .
It will be on display in at Kew 's Water lily House .
Other samplings will be developed and sent to botanic gardens around the country .
A new year is upon us , which means in the happy lands of SF the first prize shortlists are peeking over the lip of their nests .
Here ’s the BSFA shortlist ; Clarke , Nebula , Hugo and Phil Dick are all in the offing , sifting through 2008 ’s output to boil it down to a list of the best of the best .
Award shortlists are all rubbish .
Let me explain what I mean .
My problem is not per se .
SF awards have an important role to play in SF culture , as do end of year best - of lists , and those useful collections with titles such as ‘ Years Best SF ’ and ‘ Years Best Fantasy . ’
This has to do with the dissemination of the best the genre has to offer as widely as possible around the community of people interested in SF .
Apart from titles written by celebrities , most books get sold by word - of - mouth recommendation .
Award shortlists and best - of itineraries are the formalized equivalents of this .
We act upon word - of - mouth recommendations when we trust the person making them .
In the case of Awards shortlists and bests - ofs this means trusting fandom –because , in various ways , it is fandom that selects these titles .
An increasing number of SFF awards are now fan - nominated and fan - led ; but even the juried awards ( which personally I prefer , as less prone to the strong currents that are always sweeping a small number of in - vogue titles into the net ) assemble their juries together out of fans .
Why , after all , would a non -fan want to sit on a SF award panel ?
The point I ’m making is this : I am not suggesting that awards shortlists and best - ofs are rubbish because the people who compile them are shoddy , or biased , or motivated by hidden agenda .
By and large , award panel judges people take their job seriously , work thoughtfully and - generally - do their best .
That is not where the problem lies .
Of course nobody is pretending infallibility ; but neither is the process particularly corrupt .
It is not the case , for example , that publishers or other special interests are able ( or , I think , would even want ) to influence who gets on awards shortlists .
Unlike–say –the Olympic Committee deciding who gets to host the games , nobody on SFF panels receives lavish and euphemistically monikered ‘ gifts ’ to influence the decisions that get made .
Fans , by and large , care about their genre ; they want to celebrate the best of it , and to pass the word around .
It is in no fannish interest to represent bad SFF as the best of the genre , because that would in turn suggest the genre is bad .
Some fans have no taste , of course ; that ’s true in every field of human aesthetic endeavour .
But the wisdom of crowds means that these aberrations , these purple - and - brown wallpaper people , these ‘ Jonathan Ross is a well - dressed man , is n’t he ’ types , get evened out by the larger mood of the community .
But awards lists and best - ofs are rubbish , for all that .
The problem is timescale .
It is a convention , no less foolish for being deeply rooted , that the proper prominence from which to pause , look back and make value judgments , is at the end of the year in question .
This is wrongheaded in a number of reasons .
One has to do with the brittleness of snap - judgments ( why else do you think they ’re called snap ? ) .
Take those fans and awards - panellists of the 1960s and 1970s who really really thought that the crucial figures of the genre were the often - garlanded Spider Robinson or Mack Reynolds rather than the rarely noticed Philip K Dick .
They were n’t corrupt ; they just spoke too soon .
In the 1980s we went crazy for Julian May and John Varley and Vonda Mcintyre ; but the truly significant figures from that decade turned out to be Alan Moore and Octavia Butler and William Gibson .
SF academics who championed Jack Womack and Rachel Pollack 90s were right that they are interesting writers , but wrong that they ’d prove the most enduring figures of 90s SF .
( Does it seem right , in retrospect , that Iain M Banks never won a novel Hugo or a Clarke award ? )
Indeed , awards themselves are sometimes motivated by a sense of this very belatedness : Green Mars wins the Hugo that , really , should have gone to Red Mars , a much better novel .
Awards , conscious that they overlooked Important Figure ’s masterwork a few years back ( hindsight being 20:20 ) sometimes scrabble to make amends by giving the prize to Important Figure ’s recent makeweight cash - in .
That ’s human .
I ’d guess Ben Bova ’s Titan won the 2007 Campbell not because it was the best novel on the shortlist–‘ best ’ comes nowhere near describing it ; indeed it hardly deserves even ‘ novel ’ – but because Bova himself is widely known and widely liked as a human and as a heart - in - the - right - place member of the SF community .
But there ’s something even more corrosive at work .
The particular requirement of awards - that the judges read a whole heap of novels - is , more than anything , the things that makes awards screwy .
Properly to claim ‘ X is the year ’s best SF novel ’ one would have to try and read the complete fictional output of one year in one year .
Anybody who has tried this - even tried a shrunken , within - reason version of it ( not thousands of novels ; simply the 80 or 100 that are realistically award contenders ) - will tell you it is more than a chore .
It is a chore , but it is more .
It is a distorting and hallucinatory experience .
If you take a simple , comprehensible word ( ‘ chore ’ , say ) and repeat it over and over again to yourself ( ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ ) you soon reach a state ( ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ , ‘ chore ’ ) where the word ceases to signify .
It becomes a weird , meaning - smear , an incantation .
It ’s an uncanny little game to play with one word , but with a complete novel it is fatally corrosive of critical judgment .
Read one novel , and you can say whether and why you think it is good or bad .
Read a hundred novels in two months and it becomes hard to say which bit of the book is for reading and which for chewing feverishly with your teeth .
When enough novels are read in a short enough time , they all blur into one another .
A universal greyness covers all , and only very strong flavors become discernable–very pungently bad writing , very striking originality , or more often very flashy style or content , no matter how specious .
I ’m not telepathic , and ca n’t claim to read the minds of last year ’s Clarke judges , but I ’d wager a quark to a boson that this is why two jangly but not really very good novels ( Raw Shark Tales , Red Men ) made the 2008 Clarke shortlist when a number of much more accomplished and notable fictions ( let ’s say Brasyl and Yiddish Policeman ’s Union ) did not .
This is an index not of the judges ’ stupidity but rather of the effect of reading Brasyl after reading 50 mediocre novels in short order .
Or not necessarily even mediocre novels .
Perhaps 50 moderate , competent fictions .
You read 100 books rapidly , one after the other - you do it in good faith , you make notes as you go on , you try and keep hold of the larger purpose .
But then you sit down at the end of the process you discover your mind has become the Marabar Caves .
Imagine yourself in that situation : what do you do ?
Let ’s say you ca n’t avoid your commitment to coming up with a shortlist by a set deadline .
Let ’s say you have many other demands upon your time .
Let ’s say , to be specific , that you ’re a 1998 Booker judge .
Quoth you ( as it might be ) : ‘ well it seemed to me that McEwan ’s Amsterdam was precisely as middling - mediocre as the other 100 novels I have just read .
But McEwan has a major reputation !
His novel must be good , or he would n’t have accrued such literary celebrity .
I ’d better put that on my wishlist .
At least nobody will ridicule me for my judgment as they might do if I list an unknown . ’
Two people do this .
Thus does a weak novel get on the shortlist .
And once a title is on a shortlist all bets are off .
Shortlists are bizarro - itineraries , where horsetrading and judge ’s personal crotchets and the urge to sort it out in time for lunch tangle with the pure business of aesthetic judgment .
And when the dust settles and you discover that you ’ve actually gone and awarded the Booker to a novel as fundamentally slight and underpowered as Amsterdam you can at least console yourself with the thought : well , this makes up for last year when Enduring Love did n’t win the prize .
Novels are not designed to be consumed in bulk .
Most of us , having spent hard - earned money on a novel , take as much time as we need to read it .
Like any pleasure we want to savour it , and so we should : the best novels respond well to that mode of engagement .
I ’m not quite arguing that being too well - read vitiates your critical judgment ; although I ’m saying something not entirely removed from that paradoxical statement .
I ’m saying the problem is being too well - read in too short a space of time .
Novels need to be taken in at an appropriate pace , not swallowed whole .
They need to be read in a proper intellectual and aesthetic context .
Nobody but Rain Man reads 100 novels all of the same sort one after the other .
Real readers mix different styles and modes , different genres , fiction and non-fiction , novels and magazines , short stories and biographies .
Like any environment , novel - reading needs diversity .
This , then , is the environment out of which a proper assessment as to best novel of any given year will be reached .
It ca n’t happen instantly .
So why do we pretend it can ?
My question is : what is the advantage , precisely , in rushing to judgment in the early months of 2009 about 2008 ’s titles ?
Would n’t it make sense to let the dust settle , let people more generally catch up with their reading , let the reputation of the respective titles find their levels ?
Too few people have read too few of the many titles to even be in a position to pretend they can say what ’s best in that year .
But in fact–and this is the clincher –if they attempted to remedy that situation by reading a sufficiency of titles it would in fact makes matters even worse .
The answer ?
We should , at a pinch , be compiling a best of 1998 ; or ( better ) a best - of 1988 .
Like the man said about the impact of the French Revolution : maybe it really is too early to say .
Jeff Merkley claimed victory Thursday and threw himself into his role as senator - elect , saying he 's ready to join other Democrats on a " bold agenda " to remake the nation 's policies and image .
More on Oregon's U.S. Senate race
» How the Democrats beat Gordon Smith
» County - by - county results
" This is the beginning of a transformational change for America , " Merkley said in an acceptance speech at Portland State University 's Urban Center .
Sen . Gordon Smith , meeting with reporters at his home in Pendleton , conceded the race and offered to help Merkley prepare for his new job .
Merkley , 52 , said he would become part of a new " working majority " in the Senate that would help President - elect Barack Obama usher in universal health care , a national energy policy that attacks global warming and an end to the Iraq war .
" It 's time to go change the world , " he told a cheering group of his campaign staff and other supporters .
" Let 's do it together . "
The five - term state legislator defeated Republican Sen. Gordon Smith by 3 percentage points , 49 to 46 , and unseated an incumbent Oregon senator for the first time in 40 years .
It was a close , bitterly fought contest that set new records for political spending in Oregon : $ 45 million in all .
The money paid for a barrage of negative ads , many of them produced by groups outside the national Republican and Democratic parties .
The election ended Smith 's 16 years in office -- four as a state senator and 12 in the U.S. Senate .
During his tenure in Washington , Smith gained a reputation as a moderate who crossed his party to support issues such as stem cell research and legislation against hate crimes .
In 2003 , Smith 's son , Garrett , committed suicide after a long , traumatizing battle with depression .
The episode prompted Smith to champion mental health legislation .
In an interview with The Oregonian before his concession , Smith ruled out a run for governor in two years , as some have suggested .
" I have no plans , " Smith said , relaxing for a few minutes between phone calls beside a fireplace in his brick home on a Pendleton hilltop .
" I do n't know what I 'm going to do yet .
I 'm going to enjoy getting my boots back on and getting back in the pea fields , " he said .
Smith , 56 , owns Smith Frozen Foods , a vegetable packing company started by his father .
It was an emotional day .
Smith took 15 minutes for a conference call with staffers in Washington D.C. , choking up as he thanked them for their friendship and their work on his behalf .
Later , he held a press conference with his wife , Sharon , beside him .
" It has been a remarkable 12 years , " he said , " filled with calamities that have tested us all . "
Smith expressed regret at the toughness of the campaign ads by both sides .
Such ads run counter to his nature , he said , adding , " This is n't beanbags , it 's hardball . "
Merkley , too , got misty - eyed as he celebrated his win with supporters .
To rousing cheers , he kissed his wife , introduced his 81 - year - old mother and talked about how his father , a former millworker who died last year , reared him on politics .
" His voice about building a better America for working families will be in my head every day as I serve , " Merkley said .
Election Day results
» Clackamas County
» Washington County
» Multnomah County
» Clark County
» Statewide measures
» National , state , local results
» Election Day Blog
A half - hour later , Merkley joined Sen. Ron Wyden , D - Ore. , and a group of city and county officials to call for spurring the economy by investing billions of dollars in the nation 's highway and mass transit systems .
Merkley said he has begun talking to Senate leaders about his transition , including a request to be on the committees for Appropriations , Energy , Environment or Health , Education and Labor .
Merkley , who has two school - aged children , said his family would remain in Portland for the remainder of the school year , then decide whether to move to Washington .
His campaign spokesman , Matt Canter , said the family plans to take the weekend off -- their first vacation since Merkley started campaigning a year and a half ago .
Next week , Merkley probably will take a trip around the state , sometimes called a victory lap , to talk about his Senate plans .
Merkley 's victory knocked out the West Coast 's last remaining Senate Republican .
It also made a political orphan of U.S. Rep. Greg Walden , now the only Republican in Oregon 's delegation .
" I 'm now part of a protected class under the Endangered Species Act , " Walden joked .
" I 'm growing more fond of that law every day . "
He said losing Smith would be tough on him personally and for Oregon politically .
" Seniority counts , especially in the Senate . "
But Merkley 's election drew praise from a range of groups , including abortion rights and environmental organizations .
Gov. Ted Kulongoski , a fellow Democrat , said Merkley will be a quick study in the Senate .
" He is a very strong humanitarian , " Kulongoski said .
" I think you 're going to see him become a very , very strong advocate around health care and around the issue of the poor and underserved .
That 's who he is . "
Richard Cockle of The Oregonian contributed to this story .
-- Harry Esteve ; harryesteve@news.oregonian.com
China 's foreign minister , speaking ahead of two sensitive anniversaries next week , warned other countries yesterday not to let the Dalai Lama use their territory to try to sever Tibet from Chinese control .
Beijing abruptly canceled a China - EU summit last year , angry over French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's meeting with the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader whom Beijing condemns as a separatist .
The Dalai Lama , who fled Tibet in March 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule , says he only wants greater autonomy for the remote region in China 's far west rather than outright independence .
" In developing relations with China , other countries should not allow the Dalai Lama to visit their countries and should not allow their territories to be used for the Dalai Lama to engage in separatist activities for Tibet 's independence , " Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said .
" I think this is an integral part of the norms governing international relations , " he told a news conference on the sidelines of the annual meeting of parliament .
The 50th anniversary of the Nobel Peace Prize - winning monk 's flight into exile falls on Tuesday .
Also , on March 14 last year , Lhasa erupted into riots that killed 19 mostly Han Chinese or Hui Muslim shopkeepers .
" The Dalai Lama 's side still insists on establishing a so - called Greater Tibet on a quarter of Chinese territory .
They want to drive away Chinese armed forces on Chinese territory and ask all non-Tibetans to relocate themselves , people who have long spent their lives on that part of Chinese territory .
You call this person a religious figure ? "
Yang said .
" Would Germany , France or other countries accept that a quarter of their territory be separated ?
Please keep in mind that China was always a supporter of German reunification . "
China has ruled remote and mountainous Tibet with an iron hand since People 's Liberation Army troops marched into the region in 1950 .
The Lhasa riots triggered demonstrations and marches throughout ethnically Tibetan regions which were quelled after a few days by Chinese police and paramilitary troops .
Thousands of Tibetans were rounded up in the following crackdown across the region last year .
Exiled Tibetan groups say many were beaten and some were killed , prompting anti-China demonstrations which disrupted some international legs of the Beijing Olympics torch relay .
A Chinese - language website catering to Tibetans shut for repairs on Friday , coinciding with next week 's anniversaries .
The popular website featured news from China 's state - run media and government , as well as cultural and Buddhist content .
" Tibet Culture Net will begin upgrading and maintenance , which will need about a week to complete , " read a notice posted on www.tibetcul.com on March 5 .
" During the period , Tibet Culture Net can not be accessed .
Please be understanding . "
Amnesty International said this week they and other groups had continued to receive reports of human rights violations in Tibet and surrounding regions .
" There is a real danger that if the Chinese authorities do not adopt an approach based on respect for freedom of expression and for the distinct culture and traditions of the Tibetan population , the protests could escalate , " it said in a report .
Two veteran coders have teamed up to create a kind of Google for the anonymous underweb .
Aaron Swartz , a Reddit developer , and Virgil Griffith , creator of WikiScanner , have created a new service called tor2web that gives users access to website hosted anonymously on the Tor network .
Though Tor – " the onion router " – is more famous as a privacy tool designed to prevent tracking of where a web user surfs on the internet , since 2004 the system has allowed users to host servers as well .
Unlike conventional servers , these Tor " hidden services " cannot normally be traced to the person operating them .
One drawback to these websites : they 've only been accessible to people who download and install the Tor software .
Swartz wanted to free up the content to make it available to anyone , so he and Griffith created tor2web as a bridge between the public internet and the untraceable sites .
Tor is endorsed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation and other civil liberties groups as a method for whistle blowers and human - rights workers to communicate with journalists , among other uses .
It works by randomly routing traffic , such as website requests and e-mail , through a network of nodes hosted by volunteers around the world before delivering it to its destination .
The traffic is encrypted enroute through every node except the final one , and the end point cannot see where the traffic or message originated .
Theoretically , nobody spying on the traffic can identify the source .
Tor 's hidden services work in a similar manner to obscure the location of someone publishing a service or anonymous content on special websites accessible only through Tor .
But until now , these sites – offered through the virtual .onion domain – could not be reached by ordinary web surfers .
With tor2web , however , anyone can browse or visit hidden .onion sites .
Users who visit the sites , however , wo n't be anonymous in the way they would be if they used Tor themselves .
Swartz ( who sold Reddit to Wired 's parent company , CondeNet ) started working on the tor2web idea three or four years ago when he tried to find a way to get a web server to speak to the Tor network .
He got busy with other things and put the project aside until recently when
Wikileaks , a whistle - blower site , experienced problems with entities trying to force it to remove content .
Hidden
Tor sites are useful for placing information ( such as that published by Wikileaks ) beyond the reach of a court .
But such hidden sites are not available to everyone , so Swartz decided to devise a way to open access to them .
" There 's all sorts of stuff people want to publish anonymously , " Swartz told Threat Level .
" The Tor tools have been really good for doing that .
They 're really secure and have been well - vetted .
But they 're kind of difficult to install and there 's no way you 're going to get everyone on the internet to install them .
So the idea was to kind of produce this hybrid where people could publish stuff using Tor and make it so that anyone on the internet could view it . "
The service is new , so it has a few drawbacks .
There are only a couple hundred hidden sites currently available to peruse ( many of them are file - sharing and storage services ) but Swartz hopes that number will grow as more users become aware that they can publish information anonymously through Tor .
Reaching the hidden sites through tor2web is also currently slow , given the nature of the relay process .
Although once a user accesses a page the first time , it becomes cached and therefore quicker to access thereafter .
Swartz says the service currently does a little more routing than it needs to do but he hopes that will be fixed at some point .
Another drawback is that many of the .onion web pages have strange alphanumeric URLs that make it difficult to determine a site 's content before you visit it .
Swarz says he 's thinking of putting together an index or directory to make it easier to categorize and find useful hidden sites as more of them become available .
" The first step has been building these tools so that it 's possible , "
Swartz said .
" Now we have to start building better directories so it 's clear what kind of interesting things are out there . "
Elephant Seal Pups , South Georgia Island Photograph by Yva Momatiuk and John Eastcott
This Month in Photo of the Day : National Geographic Magazine Features
Fattened and then abandoned by mothers who leave to mate anew , weaned elephant seal pups stick close together until ready for a first season at sea .
See more photographs from the November 2008 feature story " Elephant Seals . "
What the U.S. could learn about election reform from Uganda .
Yes , Uganda ...
Steve Heller Byon 2/17/2009 , 5:35 am PT
Guest blogged by Steve Heller of VelvetRevolution.us
The New Vision ( which bills itself as " Uganda 's leading website " ) is reporting under the headline , " Election thieves to be imprisoned " , that the Ugandan Electoral Commission is advocating several reforms to Uganda 's election laws , and a number of them are excellent ideas which the United States would do well to emulate .
Among these reforms are :
Heavy fines for electoral offenders .
" Politicians found guilty of cheating in elections will be sent to prison for up to two years or made to pay heavy fines if a new proposal by the Electoral Commission ( EC ) becomes a law . " [ snip ]
" The opposition coalition also wants the electoral law to be amended so that the EC is given power to disqualify candidates involved in rigging or other election malpractices for at least seven years . "
Sounds like a great idea !
And in America , we 'd also like to extend that law to any and all election officials and even private citizens who are convicted of violating election laws .
This would include issuing disinformation about voting or registration , illegal purges of the voter rolls , and ignoring state laws regarding the certification of election results .
Period of declaration of results should be increased from 48 hours to a week .
Apparently , under current Ugandan law the results from each precinct are required to be certified and turned in within 48 hours .
The Commission wants to extend that time limit to one week .
" Though opposition parties oppose the proposal , the commission says it is difficult to secure securing [ sic ] the results from all returning officers within 48 hours . "
It seems that Uganda understands what many American election officials and even many American voters do n't --- that the accuracy of the results and the importance of counting every vote are more important than speed .
Waiting a few days or even a few weeks for election results is well worth it if the extra time will lead to correct , every - vote - counted - and - counted - accurately results .
American politicians and election officials could learn some lessons from Uganda !
Jean Heffelfinger , 53 , has been smoking since she was 16 .
She knows it 's bad for her , she said , " but I do n't want somebody to force me to quit because of where I live . "
Heffelfinger recently got a letter from the property management firm at the Woodlayne Court apartments in Middletown where she lives imposing a no smoking policy beginning March 1 everywhere in the building , including inside individual apartments .
Existing tenants will face the ban at the end of their leases .
Heffelfinger has a month to month lease .
" I 've lived there five and a half years .
I mind my own business , " Heffelfinger said .
" I do n't think it 's right I have to move out because I choose to smoke a cigarette . "
According to the letter from Pennrose Management Company , secondhand smoke is a health hazard and can travel through the plumbing , electrical system , cabinets , closet , fireplaces and ventilation systems .
It says a tenant can be evicted for creating a " nuisance " and " when tobacco smoke travels from one unit to another or from outside into another unit , it is a nuisance . "
Rita Dallago , executive director of the Pennsylvania Residential Owners Association which represents more than 7,000 landlords and property managers in the state , said banning smoking in apartment complexes is a growing trend .
It 's hard for a landlord to get out the smell of tobacco after a smoker leaves , she said .
Jim Bergman , head of the Smoke - Free Environments Law Project in Michigan , said it is legal for landlords to ban smoking even though it was not in the original lease as long as they give adequate notice of the change .
He pointed to the 2006 surgeon general 's report that said there is no safe level of tobacco smoke , and secondhand smoke can increase the risk of lung cancer , asthma , bronchitis and emphysema , especially among the elderly , ill and children .
Michael McFadden of Philadelphia , a smokers ' rights advocate and author of " Dissecting Antismokers ' Brains , " said the move to ban smoking inside private homes " has been pushed by the more radical anti-smoking groups for about ten years now . "
" Even if you accept the EPA figures on the dangers of secondhand smoke , the increased risk is about one extra chance in 1000 after 40 years of being in a room with smokers , " he said .
" To claim any risk at all from a separate apartment is silliness . "
Suze Orman : Bush owes American people every penny of his fortune John Byrne
Published : Friday March 20 , 2009
Print This Email This Suze Orman , the sharp - tongued CNBC pundit , sounded off in a major way in an article published Friday -- taking President George W. Bush to the woodshed .
He 's not the only one , though .
In a detailed interview with WWD , Orman is said to have railed against a spectrum of financial demigods , among them former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan and Deputy Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers and even the retirees who got hoodwinked by Bernie Madoff .
But of Bush , the 57 - year - old Orman has only scorn .
For Bush , the interviewer says , she " holds an especially dark place in her heart .
" Commander in Chief ? " she sputters .
" You blew up every single financial vessel we had and if you think you are n't personally responsible , well , the blame starts at the top .
There is no higher top than you , sir !
If I were you , I would feel so absolutely horrific that I would take every penny I had and distribute it to anybody and everybody to help them in whatever way I could .
You owe the American people every penny of your fortune and your family 's fortune . "
The WWD interview does n't contain her comments about Summers or Greenspan , but it does contain an especially scathing quote regarding those who'd invested all their money with the now - infamous financier Bernie Madoff .
 You walked right into that financial concentration camp , my loves ,  she says , seemingly conscious of the fact that Holocaust survivor and author Elie Wiesel was among those swindled .
 I mean , you didnt have to give 100 percent of everything to him . 
Ouch .
The CNBC star also offers a tidbit of insight into what drives her , recalling her childhood as an impoverished Chicagoan where her father ran a poultry shop .
What effect did being poor have on her , WWD 's Jacob Bernstein asked ?
 I learned that money was the key to happiness , " Orman replied .
" That s what I learned . 
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Newswise — Chemotherapy is an integral part of modern cancer treatment , but it 's not always effective .
Successful chemotherapy depends on the ability of anticancer drugs to escape from the bloodstream through the leaky blood vessels that often surround tumors .
Predicting chemotherapy 's efficacy could save thousands of individuals from unnecessary toxicity and the often difficult side effects of the treatments .
In a study published in the February issue of the journal Radiology , researchers describe a technique for determining the " leakiness " of tumor blood vessels using a simple digital mammography unit .
The researchers designed nanometer - sized capsules containing a contrast agent that could only leak into tumors with blood vessels that were growing and therefore leaky .
The digital mammography - based quantification of " leakiness " is closely correlated to the ability of a clinically approved chemotherapy agent to enter the tumor , allowing the researchers to predict the agent 's therapeutic efficacy .
" We developed a quantitative way to measure the leakiness of the blood vessels , which is directly linked to the amount of drug that gets to the cancer and in turn determines effectiveness , " said Ravi Bellamkonda , a professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at Georgia Tech and Emory University .
" By simply measuring how much contrast agent reaches the tumor , we can predict how much of a clinically approved chemotherapeutic will reach the tumor , allowing physicians to personalize the dose and predict effectiveness . "
In some cases , one chemotherapy drug may not be effective in treating the tumor , but this new technique allows oncologists to investigate other drugs sooner since they know the drug is reaching the tumor .
Studies are currently underway to determine if mammography can predict the optimal dose of a wide range of breast cancer chemotherapeutics .
Bellamkonda and Coulter Department postdoctoral fellow Efstathios Karathanasis collaborated on this study with Ioannis Sechopoulos , an assistant professor in radiology at Emory University ; Andrew Karellas , a former professor in the Emory University Winship Cancer Institute currently at the University of Massachusetts Medical School ; and Ananth Annapragada , an associate professor of health information sciences at the University of Texas , Houston .
The project was funded by the National Science Foundation and Georgia Cancer Coalition .
For the study , a long - circulating nanometer - scale liposomal capsule filled with iodinated contrast agent was injected into rats with six - day - old breast cancer tumors .
For the next three days , the researchers collected digital mammography images of the animals and compared the pre- and post - injection grayscale intensity values to study the dynamics of how the contrast agent accumulated in the tumor over time .
" During the three - day time course , some tumors exhibited a rapid and significant increase in image brightness , meaning the contrast agent was accumulating in the tumor , whereas other tumors showed a slow and low increase , " said Bellamkonda , who is also a Georgia Cancer Coalition Distinguished Scholar .
While the brightness of the tumors in the images changed significantly , no variations were observed in non-tumor areas or in the tumors of animals that did not receive the contrast agent .
Immediately after the imaging was completed and the leakiness of each individual cancer vessel was quantified , the animals were intravenously injected with a clinically approved chemotherapy drug , liposomal doxorubicin .
Results showed that the chemotherapeutic drug slowed the progress of the tumor .
The variability in uptake of the contrast agent by the tumors , as measured during the three - day imaging sessions , provided an accurate prognosis of the effect of liposomal doxorubicin on tumor growth rate .
" When we plotted the post - treatment tumor growth rate versus the intensity of leakiness , there was a significant and strong correlation , " noted Bellamkonda .
" The tumors in which the nanocarrier leaked out and accumulated the most in the tumors during the initial three - day test were the ones that responded best to the treatment . "
To verify that the intensity changes in the images were caused by the nanocarrier and not endogenous changes in the tumor tissue , liposomal probes tagged with a fluorescent dye were injected into the animals .
By looking at histological tumor sections , the researchers showed that the location of the increased image brightness and the fluorescent dye were the same .
" This study showed that higher uptake of the probe by the tumor related to leakier vasculature and suggested a better therapeutic outcome of liposomal doxorubicin , " said Bellamkonda .
" Imaging the integrity of the tumor vasculature like this may allow cancer treatment to be more patient - specific and potentially spare patients from chemotherapy if it is not going to be effective . "
While the goal of the study reported in the journal was not to induce tumor regression , the researchers plan to investigate whether the liposomal probes can be used for this purpose in the future .
To further develop and commercialize these multifunctional probes , Bellamkonda and Annapragada founded a start - up company called Marval Biosciences , Inc .
The researchers also want to investigate whether the leakiness of tumor vasculature represents a parameter that is useful for clinical diagnosis or tumor characterization .
" We want to study the molecular basis for blood vessel leakiness , " said Bellamkonda .
" We want to understand why there is variation in leakiness and chemotherapy effectiveness among individuals with tumors of the same type , size and stage . "
There ’s really only one reason why the still - ongoing talk of a libertarian alliance with liberal Democrats is pretty much nonsense :
You do n’t need a political synthesis , if you think you are holding all the cards .
This is where Brink , Will , and other Liberaltarians are kidding themselves .
Today there are few in the Democratic Party or on the left that are even vaguely interested .
There are no allies …
There is no synthesis …
There is no relationship …
They are just not that into you .
As it stands today , the liberaltarians are just libertarians playing with themselves .
Nothing new there .
In other words , just as libertarian Republicans have found themselves invited to the dance only to be left holding a glass slipper , those who think that Democrats actually need libertarian support realize that it ’s really just all about political power .
Now that the Democrats have the power , you do n’t hear anything more from Kos or others on the left who seemed to be reaching out to libertarians .
Why ?
They do n’t need us anymore .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn . —
To the casual eye , the basement of this city ’s Firehouse 9 looks like a jumble of old hydrants , Dr Pepper cartons , rakes and random gear .
To specialists in energy efficiency , the 1960s - era building is a mess of a different sort : wasteful hot water heaters for the firefighters ’ showers , ancient refrigerators and outdated lights .
Wrapping up an elaborate energy audit , Knoxville is about to find out which of 99 city buildings are wasting the most energy .
It hopes to begin repairs this summer , just in time to catch a tsunami of federal stimulus money earmarked for such unglamorous tasks as replacing light bulbs and fixing leaky insulation .
Knoxville ’s timing is excellent .
The city began the arduous work of cataloging deficiencies before the stimulus bill passed , and it is well along in planning its next steps .
But experts worry that other beneficiaries , especially cities , are not ready to oversee the huge sums of energy - efficiency money about to come their way .
The money in the bill is enough to pay for a tremendous expansion of efficiency efforts across the country .
But as with other parts of the stimulus package , the efficiency plan is creating tension between spending the money quickly , to get rapid economic stimulus , and spending it well , to do the most good over the long run .
In making many of its decisions , Congress relies on hundreds of analysts to study issues from stimulus spending to alternative fuel vehicles to human cloning .
But the department that does those analyses , the Congressional Research Service , does not make the hundreds reports it generates each year available to the public .
( But the public does pay : The CRS 's annual budget is about $ 100 million . )
Many of those reports have just been made available to the public via the pro-transparency site WikiLeaks , which has posted 6,780 CRS reports .
The folks at WikiLeaks wo n't say how they got the reports : " As for getting , everyone wants to know which member of Congress or their staff is our source .
Naturally we can't talk about that , " a WikiLeaks staffer told us in an e-mail .
WikiLeaks says its collection does not include older reports that are available only on paper .
CRS can't offer up the reports because they are required by statute to make its reports available only to members of Congress .
According to an April 2007 memo ( PDF ) from CRS director Daniel Mulhollan , CRS lacks the " authority to make its products available to anyone other than the Congress of the United States . "
" Needless to say , I do n't find the arguments persuasive , " said Stephen Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists .
" The CRS ' sister congressional organization , the Government Accountability Office , publishes new reports online each day without any detrimental effect .
But the decision to publish is for Congress to make , not CRS . "
Aftergood 's organization , FAS , has its own archive of CRS reports dealing with national security , intelligence and foreign relations .
Others have published the reports too : The University of North Texas Libraries has an extensive CRS collection as does the Thurgood Marshall Law Library at the University of Maryland School of Law .
And OpenCRS , a project of the Center for Democracy and Technology , has a directory to CRS collections around the country .
One of the few natural outlets that does n't offer CRS reports : the U.S. government .
2009 -02-16 - Aaron Griffin
We proudly announce the release of the new Arch Linux installation images , version 2009.02 .
It took us quite a while , but we think the result is worth it : we added some cool new things and ironed out some long - lasting imperfections .
2009.02 comes with the following features :
Kernel 2.6.28
Ext4 support .
Installation can be done on a ext4 root partition .
Rescue and maintenance capabilities for Ext4 root partitions
Fallback ISOs with the ISOLINUX bootloader , for those that have trouble booting Grub - based images
Several bugfixes in the installer
Brought the included documentation up - to - date
Inclusion of AIF ( Arch Linux Installation Framework ) , the next generation installer , currently under development .
If you encounter any problems , you can check for bug reports ( or file a new one ) under the " Release Engineering " project
For more info about the releng team and how to get in touch with us , see the announcement
What 's next ?
Our goal is to bring coordinated releases following the rhythm of kernel releases , in order to provide optimal hardware support .
The roadmap ( and current open bugs ) of the next release ( which will be based on 2.6.29 ) can be found on the bug tracker
Download the new release
How fast can YOU swim when chased by a crocodile ?
October 9 , 1998
Web posted at : 1:32 p.m. EDT ( 1732 GMT )
DARWIN , Australia ( CNN ) --
If you 're hoping to make record time doing laps in the pool , perhaps you should consider employing a training technique that one swim instructor in Australia 's Northern Territory claims yields record - breaking results : a crocodile .
Swimming coach Mark Davies says his young swimmers are beating the clock , now that they 're being chased by a hungry " croc . "
Davies says he lets his swimmers dive into the pool first .
Then , he tosses in the crocodile .
One young girl described the experience as " absolutely terrifying . "
FRINGE MAIL
Would you like to receive a weekly summary of Fringe news in your inbox ?
Sign up for Fringe Mail .
Davies says he checks the croc 's swimming speed first , and makes sure the swimmer has enough of a head start that the crocodile can't really catch up .
Reuters contributed to this report .
South Korean manufacturer of vehicles , Kia Motors , will launch for the Korean market first hybrid of the mark which will be come into mass production , as the Kia Forte LPI Hybrid .
This car falls under the brand Eco-niche of the Dynamics of Kia and will work on gas and electricity .
The new model uses a 1.6 liter engine and 114 horsepower that operate on liquefied petroleum gas , with help from an electric motor generating 20 HP .
These two units to get the 5.8 liters per hundred kilometers traveled .
South Korean manufacturer of vehicles , Kia Motors , will launch for the Korean market first hybrid of the mark which will be come into mass production , as the Kia Forte LPI Hybrid .
This car falls under the brand Eco-niche of the Dynamics of Kia and will work on gas and electricity .
The new model uses a 1.6 liter engine and 114 horsepower that operate on liquefied petroleum gas , with help from an electric motor generating 20 HP .
These two units to get the 5.8 liters per hundred kilometers traveled .
Kia Forte LPI Hybrid
The battery is supplied from the LG Chem , which supplies the same type of hybrid units for Hyundai Elantra , Sonata , and Chevy Volt .
It is possible that the car in question to be sold in China , and about placing on the markets of Europe and the United States is not heard nothing yet .
At this point in history , I believe the opportunity presently exists for investing in the tools of liberty in combination with the ability to profit from the exchange .
To any discerning , educated mind , the ability to purchase firearms and ammo could be rapidly coming to an end .
FBI records indicate the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) experienced over 900,000 more requests ( Form 4473 ) to purchase firearms in the last quarter of 2008 than the same period for 2007 .
This figure does not reveal the number of private purchases that occurred over the same period .
This significant increase has created industry - wide shortages in several different firearm model offerings , predominantly in the so - called " assault weapon " categories .
A friend who is employed by a sporting goods chain in a large Southwestern US city , told me a couple of days ago that his store received a shipment of 10 Rock River Arms AR - 15 , M4 firearms and they all sold in less than an hour .
The flashing " Notice " sign at RRA ’s website is indicative of the present demand for this product .
I have found the Rock River offering to be the finest AR - 15 platform available in this genre of weapons .
While I am not a fan of the .223 round for self - defense , the weapons platform is an exceptional choice .
Bushmaster , Stag Arms and DPMS are also very well constructed firearms in this category .
The great advantage to the AR - 15 , M4 platform is the ability to switch calibers by simply switching upper receivers .
My preference is the offering in .458 SOCOM , although several others are available .
AK - 47s in all models and styles have become increasingly popular and have seen an increase in price based on availability .
My research shows that several American companies now producing AK ’s have actually stopped taking orders for their products , simply being unable to keep up with the demand .
I believe the 7.62×39 round to be much better suited for defense against man-sized targets than the .223 round .
I know I will receive a large number of emails from folks who disagree with me on the above , but my past experience led me to this choice .
I do not seek to change anyone ’s mind that prefers the .223 round ; I ’ll use my choice , you use yours .
A Springfield M1 - A in .308 caliber is my weapon of choice in the so - called " assault weapons " category .
It combines the dependability of operation inherent with the M1 Garand coupled with the convenience of a carbine version in the M1 - A SOCOM .
The .308 or 7.62X51 is a proven stopper on man-sized targets .
I paid $ 500.00 for my very first M1 - A ; the same rifle now is almost $ 2000.00 .
I can assure you , considering the present political environment and demand by consumers ; the price of these fine firearms will certainly see a substantial increase .
When it comes to handguns , I am a 1911 guy , pure and simple .
There is a reason this weapons platform has been around for almost 100 years ; it works .
The .45ACP round is a very effective round for putting a severe cramp on any criminal desires one might encounter .
While I routinely joke with my friends about their " plastic pistols , " in reality there are several excellent brands out there that are great choices , the Springfield XD being my first choice .
While we could argue on and on about which caliber is best for personal defense , individual preference will vary .
Choose the caliber you can handle best ; 3 hits on target with a .22 LR are better than 6 misses with a .44 Mag .
Wheelguns , or revolvers as they are better known , have seen a decline in popularity since the introduction of the high capacity semiautomatic pistol .
I still consider the revolver to be the best choice for the new shooter owing to the simplicity of operation .
I have a passion for the old Smith and Wesson blue steel revolvers in all calibers .
Not as popular now due to most all models being produced in stainless steel , the older S&W revolver was manufactured when American craftsmen took pride in their work .
My collection of these revolvers increase in value has far exceeded any 401K .
Let us not forget what many consider the best self - defense firearm available today : the shotgun .
It is really hard to argue with this logic , the primary disadvantage being the size of the weapon and the ability to bring it into play in tight quarters .
The old scattergun brings a lot of firepower to the point of attack .
Buckshot , depending on the gauge of the shotgun , throws out a significant number of projectiles , .24 to .36 caliber for each pull of the trigger .
Many folks prefer the pump-action shotgun for its dependability , but my personal choice is the semi-auto .
I prefer to present as small a target as possible to an adversary , and a pump action shotgun is extremely difficult to operate in the prone position .
Whatever your choice might be , the purchase of a firearm (s ) and / or a significant amount of ammunition in today ’s political climate is a wise investment .
I do not believe we will see a decline in demand or an increase in availability of either in the near or distant future .
There will be a time , in the not so distant future , when a firearm with ammo will be worth much more than an ounce of gold .
The upside to having a firearm and ammo is the firearm can be used to defend your gold against confiscation or theft .
It has happened before you know .
It is much better to have one and not need it , than to need one and not have it .
As an investment , this product is worth much more than the fiat money required for purchase and it could possibly save your life , or the lives of your loved ones .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
A suicide bomber disguised as a policeman blew himself up in the middle of a group of tribal leaders , army officers and officials leaving a reconciliation conference , killing 33 people .
The action puts into doubt recent claims that security is improving in Baghdad .
The attack on those attending a meeting intended to reconcile Sunni and Shia yesterday took place in the market of Abu Ghraib , a Sunni neighbourhood in west Baghdad , near the notorious prison .
Among the dead were two Iraqi journalists and seven officers from the al - Muthanna Brigade stationed at Abu Ghraib .
The suicide bombing comes three days after a similar attack killed 28 people near the police academy in east Baghdad .
Taken together , the bombings show that al - Qa'ida in Iraq , which almost certainly carried them out , still has the ability to recruit , equip and direct suicide bombers , though not in the same numbers as it did during the height of the sectarian violence during 2006 and 2007 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The officers and journalists were accompanying Sunni and Shia tribal leaders on a tour of the run-down market in Abu Ghraib .
Shakir Fizaa , the mayor of Abu Ghraib , said the tribal leaders had just left his office and were talking to people in the market when the bomb went off .
" This terrorist attack was aimed at stopping reconciliation and the improvement in security , " he said .
The Iraqi government and US officials emphasise the continuing improvement in security in Baghdad and central Iraq since the second half of 2007 .
But this still leaves Iraq as one of the most dangerous places in the world .
In addition to spectacular suicide bombings there are continual assassinations and " sticky bombs " attached to the underside of vehicles .
The popular police chief of Mansour district in central Baghdad was killed recently by a bomb so powerful that no remains of the body could be found .
Abu Ghraib , on the western entry to Baghdad , is a Sunni town with a reputation for sectarianism .
It is garrisoned by the al - Muthanna Brigade , recruited from tough Shia working - class districts in Baghdad .
Its checkpoints are much - feared by Sunni entering the capital from Anbar province to the west .
The commander of the brigade , Colonel Murad Kareem , was among those injured by the blast .
His brother , along with another regimental commander , was killed .
In the aftermath of the explosion onlookers said insurgents opened fire on survivors , killing several of them .
It is difficult to tell the source of gunfire after bombings because the police often fire into the air in the belief that this contributes to restoring order .
Al - Qa'ida has never recovered from the tribal revolt against it , supported by the US Army , but it retains a network of committed supporters willing to attack Sunni tribal leaders and Shia targets .
It is strong in the northern city of Mosul , where a suicide bomber killed three people , including a policeman , yesterday .
The upsurge in violence is unlikely to delay the planned withdrawal of US and British troops .
Britain will begin pulling out its 4,000 combat troops at the end of March and will have completed the withdrawal by the end of July , a British military spokesman in Basra said .
The US will send 900 military police to Basra to train Iraqi police .
The Iraqi government is unlikely to ask any US troops to stay on after the agreed withdrawal date at the end of 2011 , the US commander in Iraq , General Ray Odierno , has confirmed .
With the Minnesota Senate Election Contest heading into it 's seventh week , the issue of rejected absentee ballots will likely rise to the forefront of the discussion .
While the counting of additional ballots is obviously big news , the number of previously rejected absentee ballots eligible for reconsideration is somewhat vague , although a definitive ceiling does exist .
Using a number of court filings as a guide and our previous compilations , I 've generated four maps that should hopefully aid in the understanding of the rejected absentee ballot universe .
The court filing exhibits are generally provided at the county level , but occasionally precinct information is entered .
In the case of Hennepin County , each municipality is responsible for the sorting and counting of absentee ballots , and despite this distinction within the filings , a municipality map is not available ; to account for this degradation of data , Hennepin County is shaded black in the following maps .
All of the data is scaled into the county level representation as our maps are only presentable at the county level .
The map below provides a graphical visualization of the remaining absentee ballots that may merit inclusion into the ECC 's final count .
The maps may initially seem cryptic , but its all explained below .
I 've also posted html and BBcode for each image so you can help spread the word , and keep others in the know .
Rejected Absentee Ballot Universe by County ( 490 x 610 Pixels ) :
HTML Code :
< a href = " http://voteforamerica.net " >< img src= " http://www.voteforamerica.net/image.aspx?Type=Minnesota_29 " alt =" VoteForAmerica.net Minnesota Senate Rejected Absentee Ballot Universe Map by County " border = " 0 " /></a>
Forum Code :
[ url=http://voteforamerica.net] [ img ]
http://voteforamerica.net/image.aspx?Type=Minnesota_29[/img] [ /url ]
I 'll now attempt to explain the peculiarities of each map and the associated colorization process .
Rejected Absentees ( 0 % , 10 , 100 )
Source : Absentee Ballot Universe [ PDF ]
The upper left most map of Minnesota depicts the complete set of rejected absentee ballots , as presented by the Coleman and Franken campaigns .
The total is arrived at by adding the entirety of Coleman 's list with Franken 's Y list ; Franken 's X List includes 781 voters already listed within Coleman 's list and is therefore not included in the calculation .
The shading of each county represents the number of ballots present within each county , the darker the shading the more voters .
The lightest shading is 10 identified rejections or less , the middle shading is 10 to 100 ballots and the darkest shades represents a county with 100 ballots or more .
The color of each county represents the final recount result as certified by the MN State Canvassing Board on January 5th .
The color purple depicts a county in which the victor was decided by less than 3 % .
A red or blue county illustrates a county won by either Coleman or Franken respectively .
If a county is shaded gray , there are no ballots presented from that county on any list .
The color and shading degradations are identical for all four maps .
Coleman Website ( 0 % , 10 , 100 )
Source : Coleman 's Rejected Absentee Ballot List v3 [ PDF ]
This map depicts the county of origin for each voter listed at " County Every Valid Vote " portion of Norm Coleman 's website .
While Coleman 's list totals 4,458 voters , it is unlikely that each listed voter will be enfranchised upon reconsideration .
Coleman first published this list on or before February 7th but the ECC issued a major ruling on February 13th .
This new ruling further restrcited the universe of re-considerable absentee ballots from a list of nineteen categories down to seven .
Franken X+Y List ( 0 % , 10 , 100 )
Source : Franken 's List X [ PDF ] and Franken 's List Y [ PDF ]
Franken originally submitted 792 rejected voters , but he later ameneded his list after the ECC's February 13th ruling .
Exhibit X featured 784 voters who were already entered into evidence , and Exhibit Y featured 804 voters who were exclusively identified by the Franken campaign .
Based upon the timing of these two exhibits , its is likely that a vast majority of these 1,585 voters fall within one of the categories outlined by the ECC ; but there are going to be exceptions .
Registration Search ( 0 % , 10 , 100 )
Source : Absentee Ballot Registration Search List [ PDF ]
The last map reflects the listing of February 26th 's order by the Election Contest Court which commissioned a search for registration forms contained within some 1,526 currently rejected absentee ballots .
The result of this search was supposed to be completed by Wednesday , March 4th , but the results have yet to be made public .
If an envelope is found to have a valid registration card , the entire absentee ballot was almost certainly legally cast and will likely be opened , that is assuming there are no other errors .
In total , there are 5,262 rejected absentee ballots that have not currently been counted , but I expect some of these ballots to be opened and counted within the coming week .
The result of the registration search will be the next major milestone in the litigation process and could come as early as Monday .
A shocking new report alleges widespread complicity between British security agents and their Pakistani counterparts who have routinely engaged in the torture of suspects .
In the study , which will be published next month by the civil liberties group Human Rights Watch , at least 10 Britons are identified who have been allegedly tortured in Pakistan and subsequently questioned by UK intelligence officials .
It warns that more British cases may surface and that the issue of Pakistani terrorism suspects interrogated by British agents is likely to " run much deeper " .
The report will further embarrass the foreign secretary , David Miliband , who has repeatedly said the UK does not condone torture .
He has been under fire for refusing to disclose US documents relating to the treatment of Guantánamo detainee and former British resident Binyam Mohamed .
The documents are believed to contain evidence about the torture of Mohamed and British complicity in his maltreatment .
Mohamed will return to Britain this week .
Doctors who examined him in Guantánamo found evidence of prolonged physical and mental mistreatment .
Ali Dayan Hasan , who led the Pakistan - based inquiry , said sources within the country 's Inter - Services Intelligence agency ( ISI ) , the Intelligence Bureau and the military security services had provided " confirmation and information " relating to British collusion in the interrogation of terrorism suspects .
Hasan said the Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) evidence collated from Pakistan intelligence officials indicated a " systemic " modus operandi among British security services , involving a significant number of UK agents from MI5 rather than maverick elements .
Different agents were deployed to interview different suspects , many of whom alleged that prior to interrogation by British officials they were tortured by Pakistani agents .
Among the 10 identified cases of British citizens and residents mentioned in the report is Rangzieb Ahmed , 33 , from Rochdale , who claims he was tortured by Pakistani intelligence agents before being questioned by two MI5 officers .
Ahmed was convicted of being a member of al - Qaida at Manchester crown court , yet the jury was not told that three of the fingernails of his left hand had been removed .
The response from MI5 to the allegations that it had colluded in Ahmed 's torture were heard in camera , however , after the press and the public were excluded from the proceedings .
Ahmed 's description of the cell in which he claims he was tortured closely matches that where Salahuddin Amin , 33 , from Luton , says he was tortured by ISI officers between interviews with MI5 officers .
Zeeshan Siddiqui , 25 , from London , who was detained in Pakistan in 2005 , also claims he was interviewed by British intelligence agents during a period in which he was tortured .
Other cases include that of a London medical student who was detained in Karachi and tortured after the July 2005 attacks in London .
Another case involving Britons allegedly tortured in Pakistan and questioned by UK agents involves a British Hizb ut - Tahrir supporter .
Rashid Rauf , from Birmingham , was detained in Pakistan and questioned over suspected terrorist activity in 2006 .
He was reportedly killed after a US drone attack in Pakistan 's tribal regions , though his body has never been found .
Hasan said : " What the research suggests is that these are not incidents involving one particular rogue officer or two , but rather an array of individuals involved over a period of several years .
" The issue is not just British complicity in the torture of British citizens , it is the issue of British complicity in the torture period .
We know of at least 10 cases , but the complicity probably runs much deeper because it involves a series of terrorism suspects who are Pakistani .
This is the heart of the matter .
" They are not the same individuals [ MI5 officers ] all the time .
I know that the people who have gone to see Siddiqui in Peshawar are not the same people who have seen Ahmed in Rawalpindi . "
Last night the government faced calls to clarify precisely its relationship with Pakistan 's intelligence agencies , which are known to routinely use torture .
A Foreign Office spokesman said that an investigation by the British security services had revealed " there is nothing to suggest they have engaged in torture in Pakistan " .
He added : " Our policy is not to participate in , solicit , encourage or condone the use of torture , or inhumane or degrading treatment , for any purpose . "
But former shadow home secretary David Davis said the claims from Pakistan served to " reinforce " allegations that UK authorities , at the very least , ignored Pakistani torture techniques .
" The British agencies can no longer pretend that ' Hear no evil , see no evil ' is applicable in the modern world , " he added .
Last week HRW submitted evidence to parliament 's Joint Committee on Human Rights .
The committee is to question Miliband and Jacqui Smith , the home secretary , over a legal loophole which appears to offer British intelligence officers immunity in the UK for any crimes committed overseas .
It has also emerged that New York - based HRW detailed its concerns in a letter to the UK government last October but has yet to receive a response .
The letter arrived at the same time that the Attorney General was tasked with deciding if Scotland Yard should begin a criminal investigation into British security agents ' treatment of Binyam Mohamed .
Crown prosecutors are currently weighing up the evidence .
Hasan said that evidence indicated a considerable number of UK officers were involved in interviewing terrorism suspects after they were allegedly tortured .
He told the Observer : " We do n't know who the individuals [ British intelligence officers ] were , but when you have different personnel coming in and behaving in a similar fashion it implies some level of systemic approach to the situation , rather than one eager beaver deciding it is absolutely fine for someone to be beaten or hung upside down . "
He accused British intelligence officers of turning a blind eye as UK citizens endured torture at the hands of Pakistan 's intelligence agencies .
" They [ the British ] have met the suspect ... and have conspicuously failed to notice that someone is in a state of high physical distress , showing signs of injury .
If you are a secret service agent and fail to notice that their fingernails are missing , you ought to be fired . "
Britain 's former chief legal adviser , Lord Goldsmith , said that the Foreign Office would want to examine any British involvement in torture allegations very carefully and , if necessary , bring individuals " to book " to ensure such behaviour was " eradicated " .
I was once again feverishly checking the Google Analytics for my blog , which no one reads , when I got an incredible shock .
One of my blog posts got 5,000 hits in a day !
" Hooray , " I thought .
" Now I have an audience of loyal readers !
Next , I 'm gonna get a book deal and help crowd the humor section of Barnes and Noble with another blog - to - book .
Yes !
I can finally prove that my blog is better than the rest with numbers .
Quantifiable proof !!! "
The next day , after I framed a certificate that said , " Congratulations On Doing It , " I checked Analytics and saw my hits went down to 100 per day .
The following day -- zero .
What happened ?
Answer : StumbleUpon .
Somehow my post on wanting to have sex with Carmen Sandiego got into the StumbleUpon rotation , but since the site encourages web channel changing , these new visitors quickly tuned out of my site to Stumble onto an animated GIF of a man falling down or a flash cartoon about cows from 1997 .
The exact same thing happened with another article .
Huge spike , then immediate drop off .
This time , I put up " ghey " phrases in the sidebar like " Welcome Stumblers " and inserted a Stumble button that only Stumbled onto my own blog .
They were too tricky for any of those tactics , and they left again .
Damn it , Stumblers .
How do I get you to stay ?
It ca n't be my content , because my content is all perfect .
Maybe I need to sacrifice a lolcat or design my site so if you Stumble away , it 'll come up again in 30 pop - up windows that hide behind your main browser .
That 'll show you !
Or maybe it 's just incredibly difficult to keep Stumblers on one site , by nature of their surfing habits .
If that 's the case , then StumbleUpon is the monkey 's paw of web traffic .
" You want visitors ?
Your wish is my command .
You 'll get to taste the traffic you 've always wanted ... for one day .
Then never again !
Wuahahahaha ! " Wuahahahaha indeed .
[ Editor 's note : Stumble Upon and Reddit pull at the heartstrings of this very site .
Over 150,000 thousand people showed up to read this .
The next day a mere 846 people came back to read this .
Why wo n't you stay , DAMMIT !?]
The bank cloaks itself in a philanthropic glow while wasting our money , acting like the American Cancer Society when in fact it ’s a cancer on American society .
It asserted that it earned an operating net income of $ 641 million last year and acted as though it did Americans a favor by taking federal cash .
I would ask Northern No Trust :
If you ’re totally solvent , why are you taking my tax dollars ?
If you ’re not totally solvent , why are you giving my tax dollars to Sheryl Crow ?
Coming in a moment when skeptical and angry Americans watched A.I.G. , Citigroup , General Motors and Chrysler  firms that had already been given a federal steroid injection  get back in line for more billions , the golf scandal was just one more sign that the bailed - out rich are different from you and me : their appetites are unquenchable and their culture is uneducable .
President Obama served them notice on Tuesday night in his Congressional address , saying : “ This time , C.E.O . ’s wo n’t be able to use taxpayer money to pad their paychecks or buy fancy drapes or disappear on a private jet .
Those days are over . ”
But will they notice ?
John “ Antique Commode ”
Thain had to be ordered by a judge to tell Andrew Cuomo ’s investigators which Merrill Lynch employees got those $ 3.6 billion in bonuses that Thain illicitly shoved through as his firm was failing and being taken over by Bank of America with the help of a $ 45 billion bailout .
Kenneth Lewis , the Bank of America C.E.O. , made the absurd assertion to Congress that his bank had “ no authority ” to stop the bonuses , even though he knew about them beforehand .
“ They find out they ’re $ 7 billion off on the estimate of losses for the fourth quarter and they never think maybe we should go back and adjust these bonuses ? ”
Cuomo told me , as Thain was finally responding to investigators on Tuesday at the New York attorney general ’s office .
“ He refused to answer questions on the basis that ‘ the Bank of America did n’t want me to . ’
You can take the Fifth Amendment or you can answer questions .
But there ’s no Bank of America privilege .
The Bank of America does n’t substitute for the Constitution .
And who ’s the Bank of America , by the way ? ”
He gets incensed about how ingrained , indoctrinated and insensitive the ex-masters of the universe are .
“ They think of themselves as kings and queens , ” he said .
And they ’re not ready to abdicate .
Sarah Palin , it turns out , remains extremely popular in the US – at least among readers of comics .
A graphic biography of the Alaskan governor was released in the US yesterday and has been flying off the shelves , with its publisher already rushing back to press for a second printing .
Telling Palin's life story – from PTA president to her surprise nomination as John McCain 's running mate , to the pair 's failed bid for the White House – the 32 - page comic is an " even - handed perspective " of Palin 's accomplishments , according to its publisher Bluewater Productions .
A comic book biography of Hillary Clinton was also released yesterday , and is proving equally popular , Bluewater said .
" Despite our plan to overprint these titles , the demand greatly exceeded our projections , " said publisher Darren G Davis .
" We had no clue how well these books would be received in the marketplace . "
The two comics , both priced at $ 3.99 ( £ 2.90 ) , are the first in Bluewater 's new Female Force series , based on influential women who are " making and shaping modern history " .
They will be followed up in April and June by biographies of Michelle Obama and Caroline Kennedy .
Writer Neal Bailey said that although he did n't originally admire Clinton , while researching and writing the book he came " to admire and be utterly fascinated by what is obviously the most underrated figure in modern history " .
The Palin comic , meanwhile , was written with two potential endings , one in which Palin and McCain won the election and another in which they failed .
Bailey said Palin was " perfect " for the series , " given her recent prominence and the way her actions make us examine where we stand on the issues " .
Bluewater is also planning a " Political Power " series of comics , focusing on past and present American politicians .
This will launch in July with former Secretary of State Colin Powell , covering his entire military and government career , with future issues to feature Barack Obama and Ronald Reagan .
" They look to analyse what made these individuals influential , and in some respects , integral to our national identity , " said Davis , adding that they would be more than just " history book [s ] with pictures " .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A motorcycle gang carried out a bold smash - and - grab raid on a jewelry store in the center of London -- right in front of a CNN camera .
One of the raiders can be seen clutching stolen watches as the gang makes its getaway .
more photos »
CNN reporter Sasha Herriman and cameraman Peter Kavanagh were filming in Oxford Street , London 's busiest retail area , when the raiders took a sledgehammer to the store 's windows in broad daylight .
Kavanagh kept the camera rolling as the thieves helped themselves to handfuls of luxury watches before roaring off on their motorcycles , leaving a crowd of stunned shoppers in their wake .
" They always tell you to expect the unexpected when working in news , and this certainly was unexpected , " said Kavanagh , an Australian cameraman with 19 years ' experience .
Images from the daring heist »
" As we were filming we heard a couple of motorbikes revving their engines loudly and saw a crowd forming .
We could n't tell what was happening at first .
" We saw the men yelling at the crowd and gesturing for them to stay back .
Then they ran out of the store , climbed on their bikes and sped off . "
Kavanagh says the daring heist nearly came unstuck at the last minute when the riders were forced to swerve to avoid a truck pulling into the road -- a moment he caught on film , along with a tantalizing glimpse of their booty .
Watch raiders zoom away on motorcycles »
Do n't Miss In The Field : Oxford Street heist in broad daylight
" As they went past , I zoomed in to get a clear shot .
I noticed one of the passengers on the bikes was carrying a fistful of watches . "
London 's Metropolitan Police would not reveal the value of the items taken from the store , but said they were trying to establish if it was linked to other smash and grabs .
No one has been arrested in connection with the raid , they said , and witnesses were being sought .
Says Kavanagh , after the four raiders had fled , punching the air with victory signs , so did many of the passers - by who saw it happen .
" Afterwards we went over to the store and saw the glass from smashed cabinets and the sledgehammer lying on the ground .
Most witnesses cleared off , but a few who had taken photos came forward . "
The mother of all baby bumps : Octuplets mum bares her ENORMOUS stomach just eight days before giving birth
There are baby bumps and then there are baby bumps .
But there must be few women in history who have ever had a baby bump quite like octuplets mother Nadya Suleman .
These extraordinary pictures show the 33 - year - old baring her stomach eight days before having her brood .
Ready to burst :
This picture of Nadya Suleman was taken just eight days before she gave birth to her octuplets
Smiling proudly , the mother - of - 14 hoists her green patterned smock to show off her hugely distended stomach to the camera .
The photographs , which first went up on tmz.com , show the strain her body was under as she reached the end of her record - breaking pregnancy .
Single mother Suleman , who already had six children by IVF , used a fertility doctor to give birth to her babies .
The new pictures surfaced on the day it emerged she had fled her house in Whittier , California , to go into hiding with her older children after receiving death threats .
She has even taken on the services of a security firm to ensure the safety of her family .
Her publicist Michael Furtney said : ' There has been some really nasty stuff about wanting to physically harm Nadya , and outrageous statements about both her and her children .
' We have a security firm that we 've been working with and they have certainly made contact with the police about the threats .
I do n't know where that will go , but we 'll see '
Much of the anger surrounds the eight babies ' conception by IVF .
Room enough for eight : Nadya smiles as she bares her distended stomach
Yesterday , Suleman launched a website , encouraging readers to give her money via credit cards and send parcels .
The American mother , who already receives a raft of state handouts to care for her growing brood , also left a message to well - wishers .
' We thank you for the love and good wishes sent to us from around the world , ' she said .
And she adds that the octuplets , born on January 26 , are 'all healthy and growing stronger by the day . '
The babies have been named Noah , Maliah , Isaiah , Nariah , McCai , Josiah , Jeremiah and Jonah .
Earlier this week , it was revealed that Miss Suleman has three disabled children
Despite previously insisting that she will not be claiming benefits , her publicist confirmed that she already receives food stamps and child disability payments to help feed and care for her six other children .
But he would not disclose the nature of the disabilities , or the type or sum of the payments .
The news came as it was revealed that all of Suleman 's children were conceived with help from the same fertility doctor - Dr Michael Kamrava .
The 57 - year - old , who runs a clinic on glamorous Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills , California , is being investigated by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine .
Online support :
The homepage of the www.thenadyasulemanfamily.com website
Dr Kamrava , who helped pioneer embryo implantation , is a controversial figure in the field .
' He 's tried some novel techniques and some of those methods have been controversial , ' said Dr John Jain , founder of Santa Monica Fertility Specialists .
He criticised the decision to implant so many embryos , saying : ' I do think that this doctor really stepped outside the guidelines in a very extreme manner , and as such , put both the mother and children at extra high risk of disability and even death . ’
Dr Jeffrey Steinberg , a professional acquaintance of Dr Kamrava 's , said he worked to develop an embryo transfer device that allows doctors to implant an embryo - or sometimes sperm with an unfertilised egg - directly into the uterine lining .
Newborns : Above , clockwise from left are Josiah , McCai , Jeremiah and Isaiah
Tiny : Above , clockwise from left are Maliah , Nariah , Jonah and Noah
City Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr. unveiled a Web tool on Wednesday that allows residents to enter their Zip code and see a table , and download an accompanying map , showing how the Metropolitan Transportation Authority ’s proposed package of 318 service cuts would affect their particular neighborhood .
Users can also specify their particular subway or bus route to see how it would be affected by the proposed reductions .
If anything , the Web - based tool demonstrates how extensive the cuts would be , reaching across all five boroughs and every mode of transit .
Mr. Thompson , who plans to run for mayor this fall , has been urging riders to protest the proposed cuts .
The tool allows users to e-mail the information about their service cuts to friends and to post the information on Facebook and other social networking sites .
The service cut site also includes an easy - to - use sharing feature where New Yorkers can invite others to use the system to see how their transit service will be affected , either with a direct e-mail or by posting it on their Facebook or other social networking page .
The site also has a link to KeepNewYorkMoving.com , a site where riders can urge state legislators to finance transit .
The service cuts , which would help close a $ 1.2 billion gap , would involve the elimination of the W and Z lines ; shortening the G and M lines ; run fewer trains during the middle of the day and on weekends , evenings and late nights ; and reduce the number of station booths and agents .
A total of 56 bus lines would lose service on weekdays or weekends , with other service reductions on another 29 .
To close the authority ’s deficit , Mr. Thompson has instead proposed a weight - based vehicle annual registration fee of $ 100 for vehicles of 2,300 pounds or less , plus 9 cents for every pound over that , along with a reinstatement of a commuter tax or a suburban payroll tax .
The world at your fingertips .
That 's the promise of WiMAX , a city - wide wireless technology that promises to make the internet available across wide swathes of a city or rural area .
Companies such as Sprint and Motorola in the US have been promising WiMAX for some time , and over the past few years it became a great wireless idea instead of a great wireless reality .
However , WiMAX is now ready to finally become a viable technology for laptop users .
Here 's what you need to know about WiMAX , including when it will be more viable and how it will work with your laptop .
What is it ?
WiMAX is a broad term that means ' wide wireless access ' across an entire city .
It stands for Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access , although that 's not too helpful .
There are two major versions of WiMAX : a fixed wireless system where a wireless signal is sent to a fixed modem , usually one that is installed at a company , as a way to provide high - speed internet access .
The second version is mobile WiMAX , which connects to an adapter on your laptop and is lagging a little behind in terms of availability .
It 's important to note that WiMAX was not originally intended to be a consumer technology , and started out as a technology that would work alongside Wi-Fi .
Think of it as the power plant in your city – it's one way for a city to provide ubiquitous internet services for its citizens , but your laptop would still use Wi-Fi – a technology built into 98 per cent of laptops these days – for the so - called ' last mile ' connection .
Service providers call this ' backhaul ' , in the sense that WiMAX provides the power required for thousands or even millions of people to access the internet without slowdowns and frustrations .
As more and more users connect , WiMAX provides a fat pipe that can handle the traffic in the same way that a powerful T1 or T3 line can handle a lot of traffic over a wired connection at a large company .
Some companies in New York , for example , have been connected to private WiMAX networks for some time because it's a cheap way to provide a robust connection for many employees without installing expensive new wiring .
WiMAX has also become a popular technology in other countries , such as Pakistan , where laying fibre - optic cabling is much more difficult and expensive .
This more commercial and industrial approach to WiMAX is not that interesting to laptop users – it's all behind the scenes , and there is no direct mobile connection .
This version of WiMAX is called ' point - to - point ' and it's been around for a few years .
Rolling out the technology
However , companies such as Sprint , Clearwire , Samsung , Motorola , Dell and Intel have a dramatically different vision of how WiMAX will work , one that is more consumer - focused , and this is the vision that is most interesting for mobile users .
In September 2008 , Sprint introduced the first consumer implementation of WiMAX , which they call XOHM .
The network , which is now running live in Baltimore , Maryland , is the first of its kind with a planned rollout to Chicago and Washington DC and other major cities over the next year or two .
It runs at speeds around 2 – 4 M bps – with an upload speed that 's about half that fast – and stretches around Baltimore for about ten kilometres .
Sprint calls it ' the hotspot that goes with you ' and that 's an accurate description because it runs at about the same speed as a Wi -Fi hotspot connection .
In reality , XOHM is a data - only cellular network that wo n't likely work with standard mobile phones anytime soon .
It may eventually work with smartphones for data service , and Nokia is already planning devices that will support XOHM .
みねこあさんのところで挙がっていた、 静的オブジェクト指向と動的オブジェクト指向の軽さについての話題から。
Javaは経済的事情をうまく捉えて普及した
プログラミングの効率と経済で書いているとおり、大量生産フェーズにおいては
「 一部のプロフェッショナルと多数の凡庸なプログラマという取り合わせ」で開発することで
その費用を抑えるということが行われます。
こうすることで、一定の品質のものを低価格で提供できるわけですが、現行のJavaEEでのWebシステムと いうものは正にこのような体制で製造されているということも、多くの人が認めるところでしょう。
これはバベッジ的な分業効果 というもので、とりたてて目新しい話題ではないですが、
Javaによ るWebシステムが流行ったのは、こうした経済的側面からして都合がよかったという点が大きいと思います。
要する にJavaというのは登場した1996年当時の肥大化しつつあるシステムを
いかに経済的に製造するかという点で答えを与えた言語であり、 こうした経済的視点がJavaの普及の原動力のひとつであったと言えましょう。 事実、MicroSoftはJavaの改造版を作りWindows開発に利用しようとしましたし( J++ 1997 年 ) 、 ライセンス上のトラブルがなければC#( 2002年) を作る必要はなく、J++がその役割を担っていたことでしょう 。
Java以前からオブジェクト指向が存在したことは周知の通りだし 、 Javaによってオブジェクト指向が広く使われることになったのもまた周知の通りです。 しかし、なぜ、Javaがオブジェクト指向を普及できたのか。 私が思うに、javaのオブジェクト指向がクラスの設計者と利用者の間のスキルの差を
バベッジ的分業効果で肯定したからではないでしょうか。
というのは 、Javaの静的オブジェクト指向というのは、クラスを設計する側の立場に立つと
非常に苦労するものなのですが、クラスを使う側には非常に楽なものなのです。
Java界隈で仕事をする会社の新人教育は、この「クラスを使うことができる」レベルまで
到達出ていればよいとされていると言って過言ではないでしょう。
この、苦労をクラスの設計者に一身に背負わせたという点で、Javaの静的オブジェクト指向は
多数の凡庸な技術者を用いて開発を仕切らなければならないアーキテクト（先に言った設計者）の支持を得、
スペシャリストが作り上げたクラス群を使うだけという凡庸なプログラマ（先に言った利用者）にも また支持されたのです。
JavaやC#といった静的型付けのオブジェクト指向言語はまさにこのような環境下で多く活用されていますね。
初級者と中級者の間の壁
しかし、これはスペシャリストである設計者と凡庸な実装者の間に厚い厚い壁を作ることとなりました。
Javaはコーディングができるという初級者と、プログラミングができるという中級者の間に大きな壁があります
。 たどたどしいながらも、条件分岐とループを操り業務ロジックを実装するというレベルへは容易に到達できるが
そこから思った通りにプログラムを作れるまでの間が遠く、人がどんどん供給されてなお「人材」は
不足していると言われ続けるのは、この壁を越えて中級者となれる技術者の少なさを物語っているとも言えましょう。
多分、その初心者と中級者とのあいだの落差が、LLと呼ばれる言語、つまるところ動的オブジェクト指向言語では
なだらかな斜面となっているのではないでしょうか。
それが、動的オブジェクト指向の「軽さ」のひとつではないでしょうか。
教育的な意味で、なだらかなステップアップが望めるのがLLではないでしょうか。
さて 、Javaで言ったクラスを利用できる初級者とクラスを作れる中級者・上級者との間の壁ですが、
これは、クラスの使い手が楽をできる分の揺り戻しというか、反作用と言うか、そうした類のものです
。 より使い手に優しいクラス設計にしようとすればするほど、クラスを作る段で苦労が増えるのです。
この初級者の苦労を中級者以上が代わりに背負うというシステムが、初級者と中級者の隔たりを大きくしている。
しかし、クラスというのは作るよりも使う方が回数が多いのが通常ですから、作る側に労力を持ってくるというのは
非常に合理的で、うまく設計されたクラスと言うのはその使用に際して間違えることができない
。 ヒューマンエラーを機械的に排除した作りにすることができるのです。
これが、静的オブジェクト指向言語の何よりもの魅力なのです。
逆に動的オブジェクト指向言語によるプログラミングは、初級者の苦労分まで中級者以上が背負うという責務が軽い。
これが、動的オブジェクト指向のもうひとつの「軽さ」ではないでしょうか。
他人の荷物を背負って山に登る必要がない。持つのは自分の手荷物だけでいいのです。
反面、動的オブジェクト指向言語のクラスライブラリの利用は静的オブジェクト指向言語でのそれに比べ
重いように私は感じるのです 。 自分で作ったクラスを自分で使う分には、両方とも自分ですからその重さはあまり気にならないかもしれない。
しかし、初級者を多数率いて行うような規模感の開発ではその重さが強く出てくるように思います。
それぞれの適所と は
つまり、LLというのは上級者であるスペシャリストが、多数の初心者を率いて巨大なシステムを作る
ということを行うには向かないが、中級者以上が集まったチームでは非常に手軽にサービスインまで
こぎつけることができるのではないでしょうか。
ネットで話題に上がるような面白いサービスというのは正にこうしたチームによって作られていると思います。
手早くプロトタイピングし、その使い心地を評価するのに非常に向いている。
逆 にJavaのような静的オブジェクト指向といのは初心者の軍を率いて戦うには向いていると思います。
業務用システムのような、大量の仕様を人海戦術で捌かなければならない状況によくマッチする。
ただし、これは軍を率いる将軍の采配が非常に重要であることをも意味しています。
上が荷物を持ってくれるからこそ一兵卒は軽い荷物で行軍できる。
上が荷物の持ち方を知らないなら、兵は生きて帰れぬ戦線で戦わされることになる。
この責任の重さ がJavaのオブジェクト設計の重さです。 しかし逆に、そこでさえうまくやれば、全軍を勝利に導けるという意味でもある。
Javaの静的オブジェクト指向というのは将軍の力でもって、初心者の大隊を常勝させるための技術なのだと思うのです。
私が隊長となって、動的オブジェクト指向言語で中級者による小隊を率いるならば、
まだ戦果をあげることもできるかもしれませんが、
初心者の大隊を率いて戦えと言われたら、常勝する自信がない。
だからこそ、一般には動的なオブジェクト指向言語での開発は小規模で生産性が高く、
静的なオブジェクト指向言語は大規模で生産性が高いのだと評価されるのでしょう。
この結論は個々の開発者が置かれた環境によって生産性が高くも低くもなることを意味していて、
どちらも一長一短あって、静動どちらかが絶対的に生産性が高いというわけではない。
制約の多さは管理する側には大きなメリット
静的言語の制約の多さは、制約される側の立場、つまるところ淡々と実装作業をする側としては
わずらわしいものであると思うかもしれません。
それらを統括して管理しなければならない側に回ると、これほど統治に便利なものはない。
Java開発者では設計の自由を手にできている開発者は少ないと思います。
日々、降りてくる仕様書を淡々とコードにし、テストするような人員が大量動員されている。
彼らには多くの能力は求められません。つまり、簡単な重労働なのです 。
Javaでの開発を生業として、設計の自由を手に入れて楽しい開発をしたいのであれば、
どうにかして初級者の荷物を持つ力を手にしないといけない 。
静的オブジェクト指向言語の軽さ
静的オブジェクト指向での設計に慣れた者は、たとえ一人でプログラミングするとしても、
クラスを使う側というのは初心者であろうと失敗することができないという設計にしてしまう。
これは、神経質すぎるように思うかもしれません。
しかし、この神経質とも思えるクラス設計が、クラスを使う側に自身が回った時に幸せへと変わるのです。
つまり、自分自身さえも、クラスを使う側に回ったならば初心者のレベルまで脳みそを手抜きすることが
できるというわけです。これが静的オブジェクト指向でのプログラミングの軽さなのです 。
静的オブジェクト指向の理想は、コンパイルが通った時点でバグがなくなっていることです
。 その強い型付けを最大限に生かし、間違えることができない型設計をすることが、後の生産性を高めます。
だから、クラスの設計が終わってしまえば、そのクラスについて忘れることが許される。
強い型システムがクラスの使い方を導出してくれます。導かれるままに使うだけでいい。 私 がJavaで大量にロジックを書くことができる理由は、効率よく忘れることが許されているからに他なりません。
俯瞰視点で設計するときは細部を見ることはないし、細部を作るときには全体を見ることはない。
一度に大量にプログラミングすると自分でプログラムしたことさえ忘れてしまうことがあるぐらいに 、 型を境目とす る 「 契約に基づくプログラミング」は思考を分断することができるのです。
型が契約を分かりやすくし、保証をしてくれる。
契約は確かに面倒臭い。ダックタイピングは慣行に基づき契約書なしでの契約締結で楽なのですが、
逆にそれゆえに契約そのものが曖昧であやふやな感じが私は嫌なのです。
注釈
* 1 チャールズ・バベッ ジ( Charles Babbage 、1791 - 1871 )
* 2 J++で作られたMFCのアプリケーションはMS製のJavaVMでしか動作しない。 これはJavaの世界を二つに分断することになるとJavaのコミュニティは考え反発しました。
Javaのライセンスを持つSunとの訴訟となったが、別にSunだけが反発したわけではありません。
* 3 JavaはSmalltalkやC++のオブジェクト指向の機構を参考にしています。
* 4 目的を適える為の方法論を考えられる/られないという区切りでプログラミング/コーディングと
用語を使い分けています。自分のやりたいことを自分で考えてコードにできるようになって
初めてプログラミングと言えると思います。
* 5 誰かの楽のためには誰かが苦労をすることになる…
* 6 ただし、中級者の頃には、そのクラスの使用頻度・重要性に比べて凝りすぎたオーバースペックな
設計にしてしまいがち。でも、そうやって工夫を自分の手でやってみて設計を覚えていくのだから
教育的な視点では暖かく見守りつつ、バランス感覚を身につけるように諭さなければなりません。
* 7 デバッグが困難なバグのひとつに、異常データがどこからともなく紛れ込むというのがあります。
ソースの流れを追うのに比べ、データの流れを追うのは難しい。
( Objectよ、汝の出自を示せを参照 )
動的オブジェクト指向言語で私が一番不安になるのは、オブジェクトの動的さゆえに、この手のバグに
遭遇するのではないかという不安です。
* 8 ニコニコ動画で知られる、ドワンゴが2ちゃんねるで求人をした際のフレーズ。 ITmediaの記事を参照のこと
* 9 設計をする自由を手に入れる とIT業界は俄然楽しくなります。技術職の本懐でしょう。
* 10 情けは人の為ならず。使いやすいクラス設計を呼吸をするように無意識に出来るところまで
プログラミング能力を鍛えると静的オブジェクト指向の方が楽になると私は思います。
* 11 実際、業務ロジックなどの単純なものであれば1000行程度なら、2～3時間ぐらいでがーっと書いて
コンパイルを通した後に2割ぐらいは1発動作します。
動作させて若干の修正というのがほとんどで、1、2回の確認でプログラミングが完了。
ただし複雑なロジックは流石にそうもいかず、JUnitのテストなどを使いつつ動かしながら完成させます。
* 12 小人さんとの出会い方を参 照
追記
トラックバックできないとの問い合わせがありましたので、その点について追記しておきます。
わんくまblog全体に言えることですが、トラックバックが分かりにくくなっているかと思います。
（自分も昔、わんくまblogにトラックバックを送ろうとして失敗したことがあります。）
わんくまでは .
Textというblogツールを使っているようで、挙動は.Textの使用に準じます。
また、スパムが多いらしく、厳しめにスパムキーワードを設定しているようで、リンクを書けないなど不便をおかけしています。
管理人に代わりお詫び申し上げます。
2ch 求人就職者の実 状
投稿日時 : 2008年5月10 日 13:02
Let ’s say you ’re a defense - company marketing executive .
And you want to make a splash at the Indian defense ministry ’s annual air show .
Do you : ( a ) buy expensive gifts for New Delhi ’s generals ; ( b ) treat the press to Kingfishers and samosas ; ( c ) produce a Bollywood - esque video featuring bare - midriff girls , flower - draped missiles , and the catch phrase " dinga dinga dee ? "
Unfortunately for us , Israeli arms - maker Rafael chose C.
Which means we may have just found the most atrocious defense video of all time , just days into the Iron Eagles — our celebration of the awesomely bad videos of the military - industrial complex .
Trust me , Slumdog Millionaire it ai n’t .
Thanks to Stephen Trimble for dredging this up .
You bastard .
Every element of the promotional film is just plain wrong .
The sari-clad , " Indian " dancers look all too ashkenaz and zaftig .
The unshaven , hawk - nosed , leather - clad leading man appears to be a refugee from You Do n’t Mess With the Zohan .
Then of course , there ’s the implication that the
Indian military is somehow like a helpless woman who " need (s ) to feel safe and sheltered . "
But for my rupees , the worst thing about the video is the damn theme song they ’ve concocted for the thing .
To pimp its weapons ,
Rafael produced a sitar - heavy twist on Rick Astley ’s love letter to
Satan , " Together Forever , " complete with a new chorus : " Dinga dinga , dinga dinga , dinga dinga , dinga dinga dee . "
The rest of us now have to suffer for that bad , bad choice .
ALSO :
Surprise … Jessica Alba looks like a normal person without makeup .
Extremely skinny , but otherwise normal .
Rated : 10.00/10 | | Votes : 2 | | Views : 10,588 | | Submitted : 01/24/2009 | Add Media to Myspace , Hi5 , Friendster , Blogspot , Facebook .
Link To :
Remember that DARPA initiative from a few years back to create cyborg insects ?
With funding from the agency , researchers at the University of California , Berkeley have managed to control a rhinoceros beetle via radio signals , demonstrated in a flight test shown on video at this week 's IEEE MEMS 2009 conference .
A module placed on the arthropod uses six electrodes affixed to the brain and muscles to commandeer its free will .
The device weighs 1.3g -- much less than the 3g payload these guys can handle , and with enough wiggle room to attach sensors for surveillance .
Ultimately , scientists say they want to use the beetle 's own sensors -- namely , its eyes -- to capture intel and its own body energy to power the apparatus .
Keep an eye on this one , we expect it to play a major role in the impending robots vs. humans war [ Thanks , Mimosa ]
Feverish and dehydrated since fleeing to this overcrowded displacement camp last month , 2 - year - old Manahel Abakar was supposed to be one the beneficiaries of the International Criminal Court effort to bring justice to Darfur .
Instead she became one of its unintended casualties .
The little girl died last week on a straw mat under the baking sun , surrounded by anxious family members helpless to save her .
Their only shelter is a threadbare blanket , sagging over broken tree branches .
The situation at the Zam Zam camp , hard even in the best of times , is more desperate because the aid groups that deliver emergency food , water and healthcare were shut down this month by Sudan ’s government in retaliation after the ICC issued an arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan Ahmed Bashir .
Advertisement
“ We are innocent , ” said Khatar Yusuf , 38 , a father of four who lives in the camp , outside El Fasher in Northern Darfur .
“ We ’re not political .
But now it ’s our children who are sick and dying .
No one is taking care of them . ”
International aid groups and the United Nations are scrambling to fill the gaps left by the expulsion of the 13 foreign aid groups , including several of the largest providers of food , clean water , education and healthcare to Darfur ’s displacement camps .
Most are cautiously optimistic that they can avert the near - term catastrophe that would come with the lack of essentials such as food and water .
The World Food Program has begun an emergency distribution of a two - month supply to the most affected areas .
UNICEF is focusing on delivering extra fuel to run about three dozen crucial water stations .
The international community spends more than $ 1 billion a year in Darfur , one of the largest and most expensive aid efforts in the world .
Advertisement
“ It will take some time to feel the impacts , ” said Daniel Augstburger , head of the humanitarian sector for the U.N. Mission in Darfur .
“ The operation here is like a big tanker .
It takes time to change course . ”
The Sudanese government insists that local charities and official agencies will replace the expelled groups , which it accused of acting as “ spies ” for the International Criminal Court .
But as Manahel ’s death painfully underscores , people are already falling through the cracks , particularly in the areas of healthcare and disease prevention .
An outbreak of meningitis in the massive Kalma camp near Nyala has claimed two lives in the last week , in part because medical groups in charge of monitoring the disease were kicked out .
Advertisement
Doctors Without Borders was forced to abandon a remote hospital at the foot of the Jebel Marra mountains with several dozen patients still in their beds .
At Al Salaam camp near El Fasher , more than 600 makeshift latrines , which serve nearly 50,000 people , are overflowing with waste because Oxfam International is no longer sending trucks to empty them .
The same camp lost its only hospital , run by the International Rescue Committee .
Last week a new mother nearly died after she fell unconscious from breathing problems and had to travel an hour by donkey cart to the nearest emergency room .
Tens of thousands of children are in limbo because groups that ran their schools and activity centers have padlocked the facilities .
“ I ’m missing school very much , ” said Sabri Mohammed , 7 , clutching a deflated red soccer ball .
Advertisement
At Zam Zam , about 30,000 new arrivals from villages in South Darfur are living in makeshift shelters of sticks , straw and tattered cloth , and spend the day lining up for water or medical attention .
Aid officials say the expelled groups employed nearly 6,000 people , mostly Sudanese citizens , representing about 40 % of the humanitarian workforce in Darfur .
The operation is one of the most effective in the world .
Malnutrition rates , mortality figures and most health indicators in Darfur have been below emergency levels since 2005 - 06 .
The expulsions threaten to reverse those positive trends .
Security concerns were also heightened by Wednesday ’s kidnapping of three Doctors Without Borders volunteers , the first time foreigners have been abducted in Darfur .
The aid workers were released Saturday unharmed , but the relief group announced it was withdrawing all international staff from Darfur .
Other organizations are expected to follow .
Advertisement
Adeyemi Ogunjemilusi , the U.N. 's deputy police commissioner for Darfur , warned that aid shortages could worsen violence .
More than 2.5 million displaced people are entirely dependent upon foreign aid groups for their survival .
“ A hungry man is a violent man , ” he said .
Sudanese officials have seized the foreign aid groups ’ offices , vehicles , storehouses , cash and files with the intention to operate the programs with Sudanese managers .
“ We will be able to pay for this from our own pockets , ” Bashir said during a recent speech in Darfur .
“ When this started years ago , it was only the government that was helping the refugees .
We have enough food .
We can cover their needs . ”
Advertisement
On Monday , Bashir declared that he wanted all international aid groups out of his country within a year .
Nationalizing Darfur ’s humanitarian effort is n’t necessarily bad in theory , some aid officials say .
After six years of conflict , international donors are growing fatigued by the constant outflow of money and no end in sight to the conflict .
“ Difficult as the situation is , it presents an opportunity for the government to take over more responsibility for the welfare of the people of Darfur , ” said Toby Lanzer , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator here .
The question is whether Sudan is ready to take over the job .
The government has reportedly dispatched 100 doctors from other parts of the country to serve in Darfur .
But it ’s unclear whether any additional funds have been allocated to the region .
Many Sudanese aid workers are skeptical of their own capacity .
Advertisement
“ We ca n’t do it without more money and more people , ” said Khalil Sammani , spokesman for the Sudanese Red Crescent Society .
So far , Sammani said , his agency has received neither .
About 90 % of the group ’s funding comes from European countries and the United Nations .
It gets nothing from the Sudanese government , he said .
Leaders in displacement camps fear services will be reduced drastically unless international groups stay in charge .
British - based Oxfam , for example , would send a repairman in the middle of the night to fix a broken water pump , camp residents say .
A Sudanese charity might take a week to address such a problem .
Camp leaders also expressed distrust of government agencies and Sudanese groups .
Advertisement
“ They ’re spies for the government , ” said Ahmed Osman , a camp leader in Al Salaam .
When the Health Ministry tried to put the camp ’s hospital under the control of a national charity last week , camp leaders protested .
In Kalma last fall , residents angered over the shooting of 31 people by government troops burned down the Sudanese Red Crescent office , which they accused of siding with the government .
In other camps , residents have accused the government ’s water and sanitation agency of intentionally over - chlorinating the water to sicken residents .
“ Rather than help us , they want to hurt us , ” Osman said .
“ We will never accept them . ”
--
Advertisement
edmund.sanders@latimes.com
--
latimes.com /darfur
--
Advertisement
In depth in Darfur
View more images and listen to reporter Edmund Sanders describing conditions in Zam Zam camp in Darfur .
At 13 years of age , this all - electric Citroen Ax is still a baby ( here it is shown with the author 's wife , Grazia ) .
European electric cars did n't undergo the same destiny as the American " EV1s " , ruthlessly crushed to the last one by GM 's minions .
Nevertheless , even in Europe , electric cars did not succeed in gaining a significant share of the market .
The fate of electric cars in the US is better known than the parallel European story thanks to the 2006 film " Who killed the electric car ? "
Because of this film , we know the sad story of the EV1 , the first all - electric car built by General Motors .
After a few years of testing , GM decided to take back all the EV1s it had produced and destroyed all of them .
The last ones were crushed to oblivion in 1999 .
But the European story was n't so dramatic .
European electric cars built in the 1990s are still around and running , although in very small numbers .
There are signs , now , that after many years of neglect , electric cars may come back to Europe .
Electric cars have a long story that starts in 19th century .
However , the demise of electric propulsion for road vehicles seemed to be complete after the second world war , when a flood of cheap oil made internal combustion engines the only reasonable choice .
But , in the 1990s , worries about pollution led governments and automakers to start rethinking about electric cars .
In Europe , it was mainly French automakers , Peugeot and Citroen in particular , who were interested .
France seemed to be the ideal place for electric vehicles .
With all their nuclear plants , the French had plenty of electric power .
Even too much , and that forced them to sell power to Italy at rock - bottom prices .
What better idea could there be than having a fleet of electric cars that would recharge at night exploiting low cost nuclear power ?
In addition , the French automotive industry had a tradition of cars that were sturdy and cheap .
Vehicles such as the Citroen " 2CV " and the Renault " R4 " could only be conceived in a culture that had developed the concept of rouler en bagnole , something impossible to translate into English , but that conveys the idea of a way of riding which is relaxed and without problems .
So , in the 1990s Citroen and Peugeot started developing electric cars .
I have no data on how many were built , possibly a few thousands .
Peugeot also produced electric motorcycles .
In most cases , production was discontinued by the end of the decade .
However , the vehicles remained in the hands of their owners , unlike the ill fated American EV1's .
Many of these vehicles are still around ; one is the electric Citroen
Ax that I bought just about a month go and that you see in the picture at the beginning of this article .
Made in 1996 , this car it has been quietly running up to not long ago with its original set of nickel - cadmium batteries .
It weighed a little more than 1 ton and had a range of 80 - 90 km .
Last year , the previous owner had it refurbished with new , state of the art , lithium - polymer batteries .
The car shed about 200 kg and increased its range to about 100 km .
One month of use is not much , but I think I can already give you an assessment of this car .
And I can tell you that it is a great little car : perfect for suburban commuting .
Simple , cheap , quiet , easy to drive .
The maximum speed is 95 km/h , enough to run on highways .
It is very inexpensive to refuel , it goes 100 km with one recharge that , in Italy , costs less than 2 Euros .
Much less for me since I have photovoltaic panels on my roof .
The limited range is not a problem , although you have to program your trips a little .
So , after some time , you start thinking that this is the way all cars should be : silent , cheap and zero emission .
If you happen to be back at the wheel of an ordinary car ; you feel that there is something wrong with all that noise .
Also , what is that funny stick protruding out of the floor ?
Then , you start thinking that you are running around with 50 liters of flammable gasoline behind your back .
Does n't that make you feel uneasy ?
And , if you happen to give a look under the hood - eek !
What is that monstrous thing in there ?
Lithium Polymer batteries have surely helped making this car better , but I am sure that even with the old Ni-Cd batteries it was a good car .
Yet , these electric cars of the 90s had little success in Europe .
One problem , obviously , was price , more than twice that of the equivalent gasoline or diesel model .
In principle , there is no reason why these cars should have been so expensive .
Think of how simple they are : no cylinders , no pistons , no spark plugs , no valves , no transmission , no radiator , and so on .
They have got to cost less , not more .
I think that , here , automakers have been playing a softer version of the crushing game played by GM with the EV1 .
But high prices may not the only reason for the scarce success of electric cars and perhaps not even the most important one .
There is something ancestral that makes us fear the new and keep to the old ways .
I can tell you that , after I had struck a deal with the previous owner for the Ax , we shook hands and for a moment I felt a sensation of absolute doom .
I felt like a cartoon character who has just stepped off a cliff and has been walking on thin air for a while .
I told myself " why in the world did I spend money on that thing ?
Why did n't I buy a real car ? "
By now , this sensation is mostly gone , but sometimes it reappears when I look at that curious white thing parked in my driveway .
It is like , I can tell you , switching from Vista to Linux , something that I did a few months ago .
Linux is cheaper , easier and faster , but the psychological impact during the first months is not unlike that of being abducted by a flying saucer and married to an alien princess .
So , there is an attitude problem with electric cars .
People just do n't seem to be able to understand that a car may be something that does n't make noise , does n't emit smoke , does n't use fuel .
Electric vehicles just are n't seen as " real " .
My impression is that this is the main reason behind the failure of electric cars to take a significant slice of the market , so far .
That also explains the insistence on hydrogen and biofuels : inefficient and expensive as they may be , at least they are fuels .
They are something that you refill your car with and , afterwards , you hear the familiar noise of an engine running .
Even without evil automakers bent to crushing flat electric cars , these perception problems remain .
But , with peak oil arriving ( or already arrived ) things are changing .
We are starting to realize that we can't wait any longer and we can't keep dreaming hydrogen dreams or using precious land to cultivate biofuels for inefficient thermal engines .
Electric vehicles still have problems : range is limited , cost is high and lithium mineral supply may be a problem if we do n't learn to recycle lithium efficiently .
But it is a technology that works here and now at a reasonable cost and that can be used for this difficult transition period in which we 'll have to learn to live with less fossil fuels and even with none at all .
There are clear signs that these cars are coming back to Europe , at last !
_______________________________________________
Some technical data
Citroen
Ax model 1996 - three doors , 4 passengers .
Weight : originally 1046 kg , now about 850 kg
Batteries : Lithium polymer made by Kokam .
120 V nominal voltage , 12 kWh storage .
Recharging time ca. 6 hours from complete discharge .
Rated to last approx 2000 full recharge cycles ,
Engine : brushed DC. 20 kW nominal power
Max speed : 95 kMh , electronically limited
Range : ca 100 km
Price : this is a prototype , so its cost is not representative of how much a car like this one might cost once produced in large numbers .
Let 's say that , at present , Li-po batteries suitable for traction may cost around 1000 eur / kWh of storage , but that depends on the number purchased .
The upgrade of the Citroen Ax to Li-po batteries was performed by Riccardo Falci ( aka " the wizard " ) , the same person who retrofitted the now mythical electric 500 .
I wish to thank Massimo De Carlo ( aka " the wise one " ) and Mr. Guido Chiostri , former owner ot the Ax , who has now moved to an even better vehicle , a Fiat 600 refitted with Li-po batteries ( and guess who did the job ! ) ! ) .
More info on electric cars on TOD :
" Costs and environmental impacts of electric cars " by Joost van der Bulk ; http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/5104
" The energy efficiency of cars " , by Euan Mearns , http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/5101
" The post peak car " , by Ugo Bardi and Pietro Cambi , http://www.theoildrum.com/node/3275
A Chinese man was killed when he caught his girlfriend after she plunged from the seventh floor of an apartment building in the Quanzhou in south - eastern China .
The young man - who was identified only by the surname Wang - reportedly held out his arms to break the woman 's fall after she jumped from their apartment in the city on Tuesday evening , the Deutsche Presse Agentur reported .
Wang was killed by the impact of his girlfriend landing on top of him , while the woman suffered several broken bones but was not critically injured , the Strait Capital Times newspaper said .
Witnesses said the couple had been arguing shortly before the incident , and the unnamed woman had been threatening to jump from the apartment .
Bystanders said Wang - who was standing on the street below - had been trying to persuade his girlfriend not to jump .
The woman appeared confused and unclear about how she fell from the apartment , sometimes giving her age as 18 , and sometimes as 30 , medical staff were quoted as saying .
ITWC is obtaining consent to send emails .
Your information will not be shared outside of ITWC .
You may unsubscribe at any time .
ITWC | 55 Town Centre Court | Suite 302 | Toronto | Ontario | M1P 4X4
A flurry of news broke out over yesterday regarding the proprietary headphones required by Apple 's new iPod shuffle , and now that Monday 's here and everyone 's back in the office , some things are starting to get cleared up .
For starters , both Macworld and Boing Boing Gadgets have confirmed with Apple and various third - party vendors that the new shuffle headphones do in fact contain a proprietary control chip , and that would - be headphone makers have to pay to license it from Apple as part of the Made for iPod program .
Yep , that 's bad news , confirmed -- but all hope for inexpensive accessories is n't lost , as we 're told that the chip is n't encrypted or otherwise locked down in any way , so it 's easily cloned by companies who'd rather not pay .
Still , eschewing Made for iPod certification pretty much dooms a product to niche status in the Apple universe , so it 's a pretty weak consolation -- when this all shakes out , we 're guessing only Apple - taxed headphones will be widely available for the shuffle , and that makes the value proposition somewhat hard to see .
Just say no , people .
Read - Macworld Read - BBG
50 Budget Travel Tips to Save Money on Vacations
Want budget travel tips for free ?
Would n’t you want to travel more often without breaking the bank ?
What if I told you that instead of planning one family trip a year , you can go twice with the same budget ?
If you are at all interested , read on to find out how you can do simple things to save money next time you go on vacation .
Airfares
Airline Tickets – Plan in advance and visit discount websites to see if there are better deals .
While these sites might charge you a service fee ( $ 5 or so ) , they can easily combine flight segments from different airlines easily to give you a great deal .
( bonus – get even more savings by finding a Travelocity promo code before you book a trip ) Connecting Flights –
You might think connecting sucks but it sure saves you a good chunk of money doing it .
Consider the pros and cons and do n’t write it off right away .
Travel Light – Airlines are starting to charge for everything now and if you have 2 bags or more , expect to be charged for it .
Remember to not use over sized bags whenever possible and try to keep it all within one bag per person .
Substitute – Consider packing really old clothes ( if you plan to buy new ones on the trip ) .
This way , you can keep one luggage and still have room for purchases .
Always Look into Round Trip Tickets – Sometimes , one way tickets are so expensive that the round trip ticket is cheaper .
Just do n’t use the return trip .
( I know it ’s weird but I ’ve seen it myself )
Try to Get Back to the Same Airport – Flying in and out of the same airport is almost always cheaper .
It ’s not only the flight tickets but the car rentals as well .
Traveling to Two Countries –
If you are planning to stay in two countries and an airline makes you change planes on those countries anyway , you might be in luck .
Check pricing on the flights to see if you can stay a few days at the country of the flight change instead of changing planes right away since airlines often let you do that for the same price .
Eating
Plan Your Meals – Figure out where you will be and eat before you actually go out .
This is not just good for your wallet , but your stomach too since you will probably find economical restaurants that tastes great .
Cook for Yourself – Not many people do this but cooking while on vacation can sometimes be quite fun .
Since the experience is new ( cookware , dining area , supermarkets etc ) , it ’s actually quite fun .
Meals Carryover – Want a breakfast that cost nothing ?
Ask for some bread to - go at the restaurant the night before .
Avoid Breakfast from the Hotels – Chances are good that the breakfast from the hotel is expensive and is n’t great .
It probably pays to walk out the front door in the morning and find a local cafe .
You might just stumble onto the local favorite .
Eat More at Lunch Than Dinners – Fancy lunches are often much less expensive than dinners .
If you eat a big breakfast , lunch and a light dinner , it ’s also healthier .
Car Rentals
Be Specific with Car Rentals – One way car rentals ( when the pickup and drop off locations are different ) are sometimes more than twice the price of standard rentals , especially if the two locations are in different states ( or country ) .
If you need the car for 7 days and will be in the same city for 5 and another city for 2 for example , break the rental period in two and have a 5 - day same location rental and another 2 - day one day rental .
You might need to go back to the rental facility but it really does n’t take that long and it might save you a few hundred dollars .
Car Rental Coverage – Some insurance and many credit cards have car rental coverage so take advantage of those when you rent a car .
All you have to do is pay with the credit card that will cover you .
( Just make sure you decline the coverage from the rental company when they ask )
Size of the Car – I used to always get the smallest car possible because not only do I not need the extra room , I also did n’t want to pay for the extra gas that bigger cars need .
Children Car Seats –
If you are traveling with kids , you might think that bringing the car seat is cheaper .
Call the car rental company and ask about rental prices .
With airlines charging for extra luggage , it might save to just rent it .
Fill up that Rental Car –
If you are renting a car and need fuel , just fill her up with regular gas since that ’s what the car rental company uses anyway .
Also , decline those services that fills the gas tank up for you .
Even though it seems like the advertised price is cheap , they charge you for a full tank of gas regardless of how much is left in there when you bring the car back .
Coupon Codes – Sometimes car rental companies have coupon codes that can be used .
Search the Internet .
Transportation
Rail , Metros and Subway – If you are traveling to Europe , research on multi-trip discounts .
Many metros and rails have passes such as a 3 - day unlimited travel passes which might be worth the cost .
Night Train and Flights –
If the transportation is going to be long , consider traveling at night to save money on accommodation and many hours of time .
Many people have a tough time sleeping on these , but it ’s all mental .
Once you get used to it , you will be able to have a good night ’s rest .
Take the Slower Transportation – If flying is too short for you to take advantage of sleeping while traveling , take a bus ride .
When you are sleeping , you wo n’t mind that the bus ride is 7 hours .
Avoid Taxis and Welcome Public Transportation – Tourist usually take taxis since it ’s the laziest way to get from point A to B . Consider the subway or buses because it ’s sometimes easier and it is much cheaper .
Driving is Not Bad – Want to take that 1 hour flight ?
With airport security and all the hassle of airport inefficiencies , you might as well drive there ( it takes just as long and it ’s less expensive ) .
Once you get there , having a car is also much easier than needing to take your bags everywhere .
Currency
Watch That Currency –
If you never really had a preference in travel destinations , consider the exchange rate when you travel .
This sometimes makes the biggest difference .
Getting Cash – Many exchange centers have very bad exchange rates so do n’t go there .
Search the internet to find out good places to get cash in the local currency .
For example , a quick search tells you that the best exchange rate is found at the airport and using ATMs in Taiwan and France respectively .
Try Using the Local Version of the Same Website – Due to the rapid change in currency rates , it could be much cheaper to book using the local currency .
How do you do that ?
Go to the local version of the same website .
Accommodations
Staying in a Town Next Door – Sometimes the smaller towns close to where you are going have hotels that are much less expensive .
If you do n’t mind the 15 minute ride , you might just save that bundle .
Home Exchanges –
These are pretty cool and popular especially in Europe .
Your trip might not be as romantic as The Holiday ( movie with Cameron Diaz and Jude Law ) but if you are of the adventure type , this could be exciting and refreshing ) .
Ask – Sometimes smaller hotel chains are willing to give you free upgrades ( or even free nights ) .
If you already have a reservation booked elsewhere , call them up and tell them that you would consider changing if you can get an additional night free .
Vacation Home –
If you are staying at a destination for at least a few days , consider a vacation home instead of hotels .
They are often are more comfortable and your cost will probably be cheaper .
Suites – Instead of having two rooms , consider the two - bedroom suites that some hotels provide .
They will end up being cheaper and you get just as much privacy with your own room .
Shopping
Duty Free – Many airports have duty free shops that you can take advantage of .
They might not be the best deal around if you do n’t consider taxes but tax - free might make it the least expensive option .
Do n’t Forget About Possible Tax Refunds – Some countries let you get all or part of the retail sales tax back .
You might have to fill out forms and show proof but if large purchases are made aboard , it can save you a bundle .
Alternatives
Tourist Spots May Not be That Hot – Many countries have tourist spots that are n’t really the most interesting places to go to , not to mention that everything is more expensive around that area .
If you ’ve been to that place already , there ’s no point seeing it again and again .
Instead , go to local areas and observe life .
It might just spice up your vacation .
Walk Around –
If your destination is n’t that far away , consider asking the locals directions and walking there .
It ’s a great chance for you to see the city and take pictures .
Enjoy the Local Version – Many consumables are less expensive when it ’s made in the country you are visiting .
Consider trying their local beer , coffee or food .
You might be surprised at how great and cheap it really is .
Be a Little Flexible with Travel Days – Many prices are based on supply and demand , so sometimes it ’s much cheaper to leave the day before ( or after ) instead .
Look around the dates of your travel plans and see if spending an extra day is worth it .
This makes a difference especially around major holidays .
Book a Bundle – There are many package deals that saves you money if you book hotels and flights together .
Basically , the more business you can give them , the better discount they can give you .
Go Off Season – Everyone wants to ski or go to Hawaii in the winter .
Consider this type of vacations in off - peak times ( going skiing in the spring time for example ) .
It ’s cheaper and less crowded .
Travel Around Home – Overseas travel might be your dream vacation but there are actually many places close by that is very interesting as well .
Check out those lesser known places and the local experience might very well be great .
Try Booking at Different Times – Online sites sometimes have rates based on the time and day of the week you book .
Try different combinations and see if you can get a better deal .
General
Bid Your Own Price – Priceline.com has a great system where you can name your own price on flights , hotels and car rentals .
If the same offer is available , I ’ve always saved money bidding for it .
Discount Everything – Some countries have discount stores ( I ’ve seen one in Japan for example ) where they sell all kinds of tickets at a discount .
In that store , I ’ve even seen gift cards for department stores so if you are buying something anyway , those stores will give you an instant deal .
Do n’t Give Up Looking for Deals – Even if you have your plans set , keep trying to look for deals .
Reservations can often be canceled with a full refund so if you find a last minute deal that fits into your plans , take advantage of it .
( I went to Las Vegas recently and saved half my hotel cost since a last minute deal happened to fit my itinerary so it really works )
Reward Points – Even if you are n’t a frequent traveler , sign up for those reward programs since you might qualify eventually .
It ’s all free anyway and if you finally get enough points , you can get always get something free .
Go to the Grocery Store – Even if you are away from home , chances are high that there are grocery stores where you are traveling to .
It ’s worth it to take a trip there and get snacks , water , and everything you need for your trip since hotels overcharge .
Age , Student and Membership Discounts – Many attractions like theme parks , museums and others have discounts for senior , children or students .
If you are traveling , remember to take your ID and membership cards ( e.g. AAA card ) with you that might qualify you for these .
Group Discounts –
We all know there are group discounts everywhere .
To take advantage , team up with a few friends and go to the same destinations together .
You can even set it up so there is no obligations to be everywhere together .
Talk to the Locals – Be friendly and chat with them .
Sometimes , they will tell you where to eat and some may even offer you to stay over ( works best in small towns ) .
Mini Tours – I ’m not talking about bus tours that takes days but one day tours that take you to many different places within the city .
Not only will they take you to places you probably want to visit anyway , the bus driver is usually quite entertaining and informative as well .
More Money Saving Tips
32 Sensible Tips for the Holiday Shopping Season ( Written for the holidays but many are actually timeless advice )
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
TEHRAN , Dec. 7 ( UPI ) --
Iran says it successfully tested a new missile during naval exercises in the Gulf of Oman .
The Nasr - 2 launched Saturday from a ship near the border with Pakistan and hit a target 19 miles away , RIA Novosti reported Sunday , quoting reports from Iranian television .
Advertisement
The large - scale drills , involving more than 60 Iranian naval ships , increased the readiness of Iran 's forces , enhancing their ability to deter enemies , said Iranian Deputy Navy Commander Adm. Qasem Rostamabadi .
The Iranian navy reportedly has developed stealth micro submarines to patrol its coastal waters and has one of the largest ballistic missile forces in the developing world , RIA Novosti reported .
View All Images Click image for detailed description and enlargements
Mountune Performance prepared a kit for performing versions Ford Fiesta 1.6 Ti-VCT Zetec - S and Titanium , which increases power from 120 HP and 152 Nm to 140 HP and 170 Nm .
Increased power was obtained by altering admission , installing a new exhaust system and engine recalibration .
As a result , the hatchback now accelerates from 0 to 60 mph in just 7.9 seconds ( from 9.9 seconds in the standard version ) .
Ford Fiesta Mountune
Ford Fiesta Mountune
Kit ’s performance was developed by Mountune Performance together with those from Ford Team RS and will be available in the UK in March 2009 .
It will have a price of 1,299 pounds and will receive a minimum guarantee of 12 luni / 12.000 miles .
Ford Fiesta Mountune
What 's left when the money 's gone ? /
Soquel writer lost his life savings after unwittingly investing with Madoff
John Robbins John Robbins Photo : Courtesy Of John Robbins Photo : Courtesy Of John Robbins Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
What 's left when the money 's gone ? /
Soquel writer lost his life savings after unwittingly investing with Madoff 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
I have to admit that I sometimes find it hard to sustain compassion as the financial bad news keeps flooding in .
So many sad stories , so many lives derailed ... in some cases destroyed ... by a few ( I hope it 's a few ) peoples ' greed and laziness .
As a self - protective maneuver it 's tempting to give in to apathy , overwhelming anger or blame - the - victim finger pointing , replacing " There but for the grace of God go I " with " I 'd never make that mistake . "
But every now and then I hear a story that replenishes my store of empathy , and -- at the risk of sounding cheesy -- helps remind me what 's really important in life .
This is one of those stories .
John Robbins , best - selling author of " Diet for a New America " and " The Food Revolution , " found out on December 11 that 98 percent of his and his wife 's net worth was suddenly gone , lost in the Madoff Ponzi scam .
Like a lot of people , he had n't even known his money was invested with Madoff ; his investment had been three - times removed from what turned out to be feeder funds that funneled money to Madoff .
Robbins , who lives in Soquel , said the initial shock of discovery was paralyzing , but he's had to swiftly move past the anger and bitterness because " I can't afford the distraction . "
He 's focusing his energy on building back up some semblance of financial security , a process he finds rather daunting at 61 years of age .
Ironically , a few decades ago he walked away from his family business , Baskin Robbins , and its fortune , choosing to dedicate himself instead to exploring and writing about sane , sustainable lifestyles .
After talking with Robbins , I 've been trying to moderate my thinking about money .
While not being able to provide the basic needs for yourself and your loved ones is a serious concern that can't be handled solely with positive thinking , it seems to me that all of us who are stressing non-stop about our retirement portfolios and job security right now would benefit greatly from injecting some balance into our lives .
I remind myself , when my brain starts to feel as if it's a paranoid hamster running obsessively on a wheel of worry , that if we become too focused on money we lose sight of why our lives truly matter in the same way that obsessing about one 's death could keep you from living fully .
If we 're too worried about the collapse of capitalism - as - we know - it we could cheat ourselves out of the opportunity to simply enjoy everything else that we already have , our families , friends , community , pets and all the little pleasures like that first delicious cup of coffee in the morning .
You grew up in a wealthy family , walked away from that life when you were a young man , and now you 're once again learning to live with less money .
Only this time the money you lost was what you earned on your own over the years .
Does that make it harder to accept ?
Actually , it makes it easier .
When it happened , my wife Deo -- we 've been married 42 years -- said something to me that I will never forget , and it was extremely helpful .
We were both in shock and she put her arms around me and said , " Just think of all the people who sell their souls for money .
They do work they do n't like that is of very little , if any value to others , but they do it just for money .
If you had sold your soul by taking the Baskin Robbins path , made a lot of money and then lost it , what would you have ?
You 'd have nothing .
This loss does n't tarnish your work one bit , and it does n't tarnish the person you have become . "
So , what I 'm saying is , I have my integrity .
But it was n't your decision to give away your money .
It was taken from you .
Yeah , and in that sense it is harder to accept .
Are you angry or bitter about what has happened ?
No .
I do n't have that luxury .
That would just distract me from the work I need to do , rebuilding our lives .
There is an added element here in that I am partially responsible for raising our grandchildren , twins , who have special needs .
And possibly the hardest part of this for me has been losing the financial ability to provide support to them .
But I have a faith in the universe to provide Madoff and the other people complicit in the crime with whatever correctives are needed so that they would never do such a thing again .
Any idea what that corrective action should be ?
I think it 's important when people commit enormous crimes that they be brought to justice .
We have a very unequal justice system , a criminal injustice system .
If a person who does n't have much financial wealth and is unable to feed his or her family were to rob a liquor store to get money to buy food , we would put them in jail for a very long time , and yet they might have stolen a few hundred dollars .
Here we have a man who has stolen $ 50 billion , who has wreaked financial devastation at an almost incomprehensible level , and as of our speaking , he is living still in his $ 10 million penthouse .
I do n't think people whose weapon of mass destruction is the computer or the calculator should be exempt , while people who are struggling to meet their basic needs are punished severely .
I think that 's a terrible injustice .
You told me a few days ago that we as a culture are " entranced by materialism . "
Can you say more about that ?
We have defined the good life in terms of accumulating stuff .
In our society , if you say somebody is a success , what does that mean ?
It does n't usually mean that they are an emotionally balanced , loving human being .
It does n't necessarily mean that they are creative and artistic and adding beauty to the world .
We reserve that word for people who have made a lot of money .
I find that to be illustrative of a way of thinking that has caused us great spiritual impoverishment and has caused the planet massive devastation ; it has also pitted us against each other by breeding a hyper - competiveness out of which we have exploited other people and harmed them for financial gain .
It does n't seem like anything is going to change that , does it ?
Well , I think that the economic crisis of today , the foreclosures , the bank failures , the massive unemployment , could be a turning point .
There is a rupture taking place .
And I believe that provides an opening , as all major illness does , on a personal level .
There is an opportunity to redefine progress , which we absolutely need to do , so that we do n't see it merely as the GDP growing but instead in terms of genuine wealth and what really makes our lives worth living ... and how we can live sustainably , joyfully and reverently on this planet with one another .
We have had so much money , much of it through debt , that we have been in this orgy of mass consumption .
And it 's been really harmful .
We do n't have a manufacturing base in this country because we have given it away .
We have just been buying cheap goods from China and elsewhere .
We do n't have family farms much any more because we have invested massively in agribusiness and agrichemicals and growing food using toxins .
We have undermined local communities -- we 've created a food insecurity because we are dependent on large and long supply chains to get our food to us .
And we have divorced ourselves from the natural world in the process .
I 'm sure you are aware of the growing anger towards the extremely wealthy in this country .
Some of that is directed to Wall Street , where executives have collected these huge bonuses at the same time their companies have been bailed out by taxpayers .
But there is also anger toward Madoff 's victims themselves .
You hear comments from people saying , in effect , " They deserved it .
This is divine retribution . "
What do you think about that ?
I think there is a misperception that most Madoff victims were extremely wealthy people who were greedy , and the media has perpetuated that stereotype .
It is certainly accurate in some cases , but I was not a direct investor with Madoff .
Our family 's money was in a partnership along with a number of charitable trusts and the endowment of a number of progressive nonprofits , and that money , several steps removed , was handled by Madoff and stolen by him .
Did you even know you were investing with him ?
I did n't know who he was .
And there are many , many people like me in this regard who were invested two or three steps removed .
What is getting the publicity are the direct investors , and he ran in very , very high finance circles .
And there were hedge funds investing -- there is one that invested $ 7 billion with him .
There were banks in Asia and Europe investing three or four billion dollars each -- big incomprehensible money .
He was apparently laundering money from the Russian mafia and Colombian drug cartels .
That 's what gets the publicity , and I think that 's what 's happening .
But also happening was a tremendous number of charities and charitable foundations and senior citizens and people who were promised a steady not particularly high return on their money .
I have read in the papers about returns as high as 20 percent .
No one I was involved with ever saw anything like that .
Did you ever think to yourself : " Gee , I have tried to live a good life .
Why me ? "
No .
Self - pity just sucks your energy , you know ?
What I did feel was a shock , absolute shock .
I mean , to the point that there were moments that I thought : Could this kill me ?
I felt so much shock in my body , and what I was aware of was that in that shock I could n't really function .
I did n't think clearly , I could n't make decisions , and the situation required immediate action .
I had to get over it , because in our particular situation we needed to act pretty quickly in order to not lose our home , in order to not make a suddenly very bad situation even worse .
Do you have a spiritual practice that has helped you get through this ?
I do .
For 40 years , I have meditated every day , and I 've done a variety of body / mind practices , including yoga .
To me , spirituality is that place where the infinite and the intimate meet .
It 's being in the world , relating fully to the suffering that is here , while remaining sourced in the highest potentials of each moment .
Does that include your own suffering ?
If you do n't relate honestly and compassionately to your own suffering , you cannot relate honestly and compassionately to anyone else's .
Did you grow up with any particular religion ?
In my family , the religion was capitalism .
Everything was measured in financial terms .
How did you become a spiritual person ?
I did it through suffering .
I felt so lost in a family that was so materialistic -- so bereft , so empty , so frightened , really , that there was something missing for me .
And obviously , it was n't material .
We had anything money could buy .
We had immense wealth , really .
So what 's next for you ?
I 'm in the process of writing a book about the economic crisis and what the opportunities might be in it for us all .
And in a sense I 'm trying to use what 's happened to me in the Madoff theft to make lemonade out of the lemon .
Trying to use my experience -- I feel like what happened to me -- what happened to us -- as a family , may happen to a lot of people in slower motion over the next 10 years .
I mean , I hope it does n't , but I think it might because of unemployment , because of lack of medical insurance .
It 's pretty scary , is n't it ?
We created this " Every Man For Himself " kind of society where , for example , we do n't have universal [ medical ] coverage .
Every other fully industrialized country in the world guarantees basic coverage to all of its citizens .
I think it 's a scandal that we do n't .
But it 's going to be , I mean , I hope that the new administration is able to use this crisis to create a more compassionate society .
If we do n't become more compassionate as a collective , as a society , there is going to be incredible suffering .
And I think that if , as individuals , we do n't use our suffering to become more compassionate people , we will have missed an opportunity .
During his far - flung career in journalism , Bay Area writer and editor David Ian Miller has worked as a city hall reporter , personal finance writer , cable television executive and managing editor of a technology news site .
His writing credits include Salon.com , Wired News and The New York Observer .
When the filmmakers behind " Watchmen " wanted to understand the scientific principles behind the acclaimed graphic novel , they turned to a physics professor in Minnesota .
" They wanted to get enough of the science right that they could create an artificial reality that still felt real to the audience , " said James Kakalios , a physics professor from the University of Minnesota who served as science consultant on the " Watchmen " film .
Kakalios is known among his colleagues for research in experimental condensed matter physics , but to his students , he 's the professor who teaches about the comic books he loves .
By relating scientific principles to the various superheroes who utilize them , Kakalios not only developed a comic - based science class for the freshmen he teaches , but used his research to write the book " The Physics of Superheroes . "
" A lot of comic book stories , especially going back to the Silver Age , tried to be what used to be called ' hard ' science fiction .
They were trying to have one impossible aspect , but have everything else be as realistic as possible , " the professor explained .
" So they tried to put these little bits and nuggets of science into the story whenever possible . "
Kakalios points out that , for example , the DC Comics speedster the Flash is constantly doing things with his " superspeed , " a concept that requires a suspension of disbelief .
But if the character has to knock someone down without touching him , he 'll run very fast and create a shock front , which is a real scientific concept .
" By going through this while teaching my students , I was able to actually construct an entire physics book written for a general readership where all the examples came from , for the most part , correct applications of physics found in superhero comic books , " Kakalios said .
So when the creators behind the " Watchmen " movie asked the National Academy of Sciences for a consultant to help them translate the acclaimed graphic novel to film , they looked no further than Kakalios and his superhero expertise .
" The National Academy called me and said , have you ever heard of this thing called ' Watchmen ' ? "
Because they 'd never heard of it .
After I was done vibrating like a gong I said , ' Uh , " Watchmen ? " Yeah , I 've heard of it , ' " he said with a laugh .
Much of his consulting involved the science behind Dr. Manhattan , the " Watchmen " character whose powers are based on quantum physics .
But the professor began working with filmmakers all the way back in the pre-production stage , lending his expertise to everything from the movie 's set designs to the psychology of the characters .
" Alex McDowell in particular , the production designer , and the other art designers would say things like , ' What would a physics lab look like in 1959 ? ' or ' What would it look like in 1985 ? ' and ' Early in the story we see Dr. Manhattan working on some apparatus .
What is he doing here ? ' " he said .
" They flew me up to the set , they showed me things , we talked about how certain things would work .
" And then they were also interested in the psychology of scientists and how we would interact with other people , " Kakalios said .
" One of the things that , sadly , is accurate in the story is that when we see , sometimes , students get depressed or start having trouble with the stresses of their life , they hone in on their research , and they focus on that to the exclusion of practically everything else .
It 's the one thing that they feel they have some control over .
And so , you see this also with Dr. Manhattan 's attitudes and behaviors .
He kind of just retreats into his research more and more . "
In the graphic novel , Dr. Manhattan gets his powers from having his atoms torn apart in an " intrinsic field subtractor , " but he 's able to put himself back together , transforming into a being powered by quantum mechanics .
He can exist in more than one time and place , and he can teleport himself as far away as Mars .
" Even though the movie and the graphic novel do n't get into the minutia of how his powers work , [ the filmmakers ] were interested in how do they work ? "
Kakalios said .
" Obviously , it 's not possible , but if you made one suspension of disbelief -- if you had one miracle exemption from the laws of nature -- what would this be like ? "
Kakalios talked with everyone from the actors to stunt people to special effects designers about what Dr. Manhattan 's powers might look and feel like in real science .
He theorized about things like what would make the character have blue skin , how he might be able to teleport , and what would give him the ability to be in multiple locations .
" There were some things that they said , could he do this ?
Could he do that ?
And there are some things he 's shown doing that , even under the broad brush of quantum mechanical powers , just do n't fly , " he said .
" They talk about things like , he says I can transmute the walls to grass .
I think in the movie he 's shown turning missiles into butterflies or something like that .
I can understand him having control of his own body , and even within quantum mechanics , being aware of past , present and future at the same time .
But some things do n't fall within that realm . "
Yet Kakalios said his advice about scientific fact was only meant to provide support for the story , not to change it .
" ' Watchmen ' is a unique situation because the graphic novel is so revered that I think they used that much more than any other source , and they were very mindful of any deviation , " he said .
" In an open - ended story like " Iron Man , " where it 's only loosely based on a few storylines , there 's a little room for updating and modification .
But that was n't the case with ' Watchmen . ' "
" You literally could not swing a dead cat without hitting a copy of ' Watchmen ' on the set in Vancouver .
It was everywhere .
So at the end of the day , if they had to make a balancing act between upsetting a million rabid ' Watchmen ' fans or upsetting a physics professor from Minnesota , " he laughed , " I think I know which one they 're going with .
" I know which way I 'd go , and I am the physics professor from Minnesota , " he said .
And much of the science - based discussion Kakalios had with filmmakers never made it to the screen .
" Zack Snyder , Alex McDowell , all the filmmakers wanted to know what was behind the story , even if it was never in the film .
The phrase that really stuck with me was , ' We want to know what 's around the corner at the end of the hallway , even if the audience does n't go down that corridor . '
They wanted to know the foundations , the reasons for things , so they would do a better job creating an artificial reality . "
For a self - admitted geek like Kakalios , the experience of working on the film gave him enjoyment on two levels :
As a scientist who could appreciate the references to physics within the story , but also as an avid comic book reader who loved having one of his favorite graphic novels adapted by Hollywood .
" It was fantastic .
I talked to everyone from Debbie and Zack Snyder to Billy Crudup , and they were all super nice , super friendly .
Billy Crudup actually knows his science .
And they were interested in anything that I 'd have to say and very enthusiastic about the film , " Kakalios said .
" Like all of us geeks , these are people who are smart , with wide - ranging interests .
They are comfortable in their skins .
They like what they like , and there 's nothing to feel guilty about .
And among those interests , as they worked on the film , they were interested and fascinated by real science , and they cared about bringing " Watchmen " to film .
And so it was a pleasure talking to them and dealing with them . "
After the National Academy of Sciences matched Kakalios with the " Watchmen " filmmakers , the organization put together the Science and Entertainment Exchange , which acts as an intermediary between Hollywood and scientists .
One of the goals is to encourage the public to view the world through science , something that Kakalios will happen with audiences who see " Watchmen " .
" At the end of the day , I 'm not looking for a movie to be 100 percent scientifically accurate .
I 'm not going to movies with a pad of paper and a calculator and saying , ' Ooo !
My physics sense is tingling !' " he laughed .
" But if they can do something right , it 's like catching a little inside joke .
It 's like a little inside reference .
And who knows ?
Maybe the audience will learn a little something about science . "
“ Ragtime ” novelist E.L. Doctorow and Nobel laureate V.S. Naipaul were among the 14 finalists announced Wednesday for the Man Booker International Prize , given every two years for lifetime achievement by a fiction writer who writes in English or whose work is widely available in English translation .
The list included three Americans -- Doctorow , Joyce Carol Oates and Evan S. Connell , author of the novels “ Mr. Bridge ” and “ Mrs. Bridge . ”
Naipaul is a native of Trinidad who lives in England .
The prize is worth about $ 85,000 and the winner will be announced in May .
You 've probably seen the Disney film , Fantasia , in the segment called The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
Mickey Mouse is the apprentice , and he decides to use some of the sorcerer 's magic while the boss is away .
The experience is glorious , until he realizes that he can't control it any more and he finds himself drowning in a self - created flood .
[ Thanks to Wikipedia.org for the illustration by S. Barth .
]
Jean - Claude Trichet , the European Central Bank president , must see the market as a kind of sorcerer who is on his way home to save the day .
As the Financial Times tells us ( here and here ) , Mr. Trichet has called on financial markets to " help policymakers rebuild the levels of confidence in the banking system required to kick - start economic growth around the world . "
He " gave a stark warning to financial markets yesterday to stop putting pressure on banks to hold more capital .
" But the market is not the sorcerer .
It is the water -- neither good nor bad , just flowing , or flooding , or drying up , doing what water does .
Trichet 's jawboning reveals that politicians and their appointees , the quasi - government officials , are not part of the solution ; they 're part of the problem .
They are Mickey .
It should be no surprise , then , that Mickey decided in 1913 to take over the powers of the sorcerer by turning a market - suggested financial - market - system convenience -- the Federal Reserve clearing house set - up -- into a powerful and politically expedient government - like macromanager of our money supply .
Nor should it be a surprise when he ends up destroying our economy in the process .
( See my article on the Fed , Page 1 Page 2 , and Page 3 for more . )
He 's got the broom now , and things are getting out of hand .
Mickey can call on every power he possesses , the water will never heed him .
We should n't be disappointed when ordinary humans fail at sorcery .
It 's not really their fault .
Our government agents are themselves part of a bigger " market , " in a sense .
When we go to the polls and vote for more government intervention in our life , we are expressing our political " market " preference for government sorcery .
In our current crisis , here 's an example that shows the pickle their in .
This article in the FT says : " Amid the recrimination and hand - wringing over the causes and consequences of the financial crisis , bankers and policymakers at the World Economic Forum in Davos have identified a new threat to global prosperity : the rise of financial protectionism .
The huge state - backed bank bail - outs in Europe and the US , while necessary to prevent a collapse of confidence in the financial system , have forced banks to withdraw from overseas markets in order to concentrate their limited resources at home .
...
The sharp reversal of capital flows appears at least partly due to political pressure on banks , especially those that have received large doses of state support , to sacrifice international operations in favour of maintaining lending to domestic consumers and companies .
For governments attempting to explain their decision to commit hundreds of billions of taxpayers ' money , this is an understandable response .
" Likewise , when our factory workers start to hurt , the government becomes protectionist on that front as well .
In 1930 , Roosevelt 's Congress , in response to public pressure to " do something , " forced the market to " buy American " by passing the Smoot - Hawley Tariff Act .
This Tariff turned out to be one of the main reasons the country did n't recover from the Great Depression until a decade later .
Here 's more evidence of the public 's growing protectionist spirit in the form of restrictions on purchases of steel with the stimulus package .
( At press time , Obama seems to be rethinking this , but he will have to disappoint his base to do anything about it . )
Another example of forthcoming problems for the Sorcerer 's Apprentice :
The stimulus package wo n't work the way it 's intended .
You can't force banks to lend by throwing money at them , because as one banker put it , paraphrased by the Financial Times , " it is difficult to make loans to companies and individuals as most new lending would be loss - making and end up burdening their balance sheets with further writedowns . "
( FT Article .) You ca n't buck the market .
Nor can you force home buyers to buy when they know darn well prices will go down even more .
Furthermore , when the government borrows money to spend on its own projects , it takes it away from the very people it is trying to help : capital - starved small businesses .
If we step back for a better perspective , clearly we are confronted with a culturo - political phenomenon :
People have turned to government to cure a problem of government 's own making .
That 's like asking Apprentice Mickey to solve the water problem .
There is one natural market phenomenon that will get Mickey back onto dry land in the longer run .
It is a return to some form of a gold standard .
This standard evolved in the marketplaces of the world over the centuries , and it would exist today if government agents had not decided to force their citizens to abandon it by declaring paper money to be our only legitimate legal tender .
Labels : big government , economic humor , economics , Federal Reserve , recession , stimulus package
“ With so many Companies falling victim to Cybercrime costing them thousands of dollars or worse forcing them into bankruptcy , We Implement Programs for Businesses of all sizes that drastically reduces RISK and keeps Data Assets Safe and Secure . ”
I ’ve become increasingly concerned about the rising number of rich people who are being caught unawares by shifts in the sumptuary code .
First , there were those auto executives who did n’t realize that it is no longer socially acceptable to use private jets for lobbying trips to Washington .
Then there was John Thain , who was humiliated because it is no longer acceptable to spend $ 35,000 on a commode for a Merrill Lynch office suite .
Then there are the Wall Street executives who were suddenly attacked from the White House for giving out the same sort of bonuses they ’ve been giving out for years .
Now there is Tom Daschle , who is being criticized for making $ 5 million off his Senate prestige .
I ’m afraid there are rich people all around the country who are about to suffer similar social self - immolation because they do n’t understand that the rules of privileged society have undergone a radical transformation .
The essence of the problem is this : Rich people used to set their own norms .
For example , if one rich person wanted to use the company helicopter to aerate the ponds on his properties , and the other rich people on his board of directors thought this a sensible thing to do , then he could go ahead and do it without any serious repercussions .
Bike Trailer Sound Systems
While most of you are probably just concerned with a good bike trailer for bike touring or getting your groceries home with , there is a growing scene of eclectic and sometimes inspiring ways to make further use of bicycle cargo trailers .
Bicycles and music are finding a union through bicycle trailers .
In bike festivals and parades a wild variety of sound systems can be found perched on bicycles and mounted on cargo machines .
Rigging up bikes and bike trailers for tunes is an unmistakable assertion that the bicycle is your vehicle of choice above all others .
One of the most impressive setups that I ’ve come across is this setup christened Beatrix .
This bicycle beat box is a full scale sound system that has been mounted on a Carry Freedom Y - Frame Large Trailer .
Bikeology has information about this monstrous system and other bike Frankenstein like bike music projects at his link page .
Lies , damn lies , and the Monsanto website .
Tell a lie a hundred times , and the chances are that it will eventually appear to be true .
When it comes to genetically modified crops , Monsanto makes such an effort — and it could be that you too are duped into accepting their distortions as truth .
My attention has been drawn to an article titled “ Do GM crops increase yield ? ” on Monsanto ’s web page , although I must confess that this is the first time I have visited their site .
This is how it begins : “ Recently , there have been a number of claims from anti-biotechnology activists that genetically - modified ( GM ) crops do n’t increase yields .
Some have claimed that GM crops actually have lower yields than non -GM crops .
Both claims are simply false . ”
It then goes on to explain the terms germplasm , breeding , biotechnology , and then finally explains yield .
Here is what it says : “ The introduction of GM traits through biotechnology has led to increased yields independent of breeding .
Take for example statistics cited by PG Economics , which annually tallies the benefits of GM crops , taking data from numerous studies around the world :
* Mexico — yield increases with herbicide tolerant soybean of 9 percent .
* Romania — yield increases with herbicide tolerant soybeans have averaged 31 percent .
* Philippines — average yield increase of 15 percent with herbicide tolerant corn .
* Philippines — average yield increase of 24 percent with insect resistant corn .
* Hawaii — virus resistant papaya has increased yields by an average of 40 percent .
* India – insect resistant cotton has led to yield increases on average more than 50 percent . ”
These assertions are not amusing , and can no longer be taken lightly .
I am not only shocked but also disgusted at the way corporations try to fabricate and distort the scientific facts , and dress them up in such a manner that the so - called ‘ educated ’ of today will accept them without asking any questions .
Distorted Science
At the outset , Monsanto ’s claims are flawed .
I have seen similar conclusions , at least about Bt cotton yields in India , in a study by The International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI ) — although I have always said that IFPRI is an organization that needs to be shut down .
It has done more damage to developing country agriculture and food security than any other academic institution .
Nevertheless , let us look at Monsanto ’s claims .
The increases in crop yields that Monsanto has shown in Mexico , Romania , the Philippines , Hawaii and India are actually not yield increases at all .
In scientific terms these are called crop losses , which have been very cleverly masqueraded as yield increases .
By indulging in a jugglery of scientific terminologies that take advantage of the layman ’s ignorance , Monsanto has made claims based on evidence that does not exist .
As written in Monsanto ’s article : “ The most common traits in GM crops are herbicide tolerance ( HT ) and insect resistance ( IR ) .
HT plants contain genetic material from common soil bacteria .
IR crops contain genetic material from a bacterium that attacks certain insects . ”
This is true .
Herbicide tolerant plants and insect resistant plants do perform broadly the same function as chemical pesticides .
Both the GM plants and the chemical pesticides reduce crop losses .
In fact , GM plants work more or less like a bio-pesticide – the insect feeds on the plant carrying the toxin , and dies .
Spraying the chemical pesticide also does the same .
In the case of herbicide tolerant plants , the outcome is much worse .
Biotech companies have successfully dovetailed the trait for herbicide tolerance in the plant .
As a result , those who buy the GM seeds have no other option but to also buy the companies own brand of herbicide .
Killing two birds with one stone , you might say .
GM companies have only used the transgenic technology to remove competition from the herbicide market .
Instead of allowing the farmer to choose from different brands of herbicides available in the market , they have now ensured that you are only left with a Hobson ’s choice .
As several studies have conclusively shown in the US , the use of herbicide does not go down over time , but rather increases .
Here is the question that must now be asked : if the chemical herbicide used by Monsanto ’s herbicide tolerant soybeans ( so - called ‘ Roundup Ready ’ ) truly increases yields , then why do n’t all the other herbicides available in the market also increase yields ?
Surely , if all herbicides do the same job of killing herbs , then all herbicides should increase crop yields .
Am I not correct ?
So why are we led to believe that only Roundup Ready soybeans ( a GM crop ) increase yields , whereas others do not ?
When was the last time you were told that herbicides increase crop yields ?
Chemical herbicides are only known to merely reduce crop losses .
This is what I was taught when studying plant breeding — a fact that is still being taught to agricultural science students everywhere in the world .
Cotton Lies
A similar story holds true for cotton .
We all know that cotton consumes about 50 percent of total pesticides sprayed , and these chemical pesticides are known to reduce crop losses .
I am sure that Monsanto would also agree without question that pesticides do not increase crop yields , and I repeat DO NOT increase cotton yields .
Monsanto ’s
Bt cotton , which uses a gene from a soil bacteria to produce a toxin within the plant that kills certain pests , also does the same .
It only kills the insect , which means it does the same job that a chemical pesticide is supposed to perform .
The crop losses that a farmer minimizes after applying chemical pesticide is never ( and has never ) been measured in terms of yield increases .
It has always been computed as savings from crop losses .
If GM crops increase yields , should n’t we therefore say that chemical pesticides ( including herbicides ) also increase yields ?
Will the agricultural scientific community accept that pesticides increases crop yields ?
This brings me to another relevant question :
Why do n’t agricultural scientists say that chemical pesticides increase crop yields ?
While you ponder over this question ( and there are no prizes for getting it right ) , let me tell you that the last time the world witnessed increases in crop yields was when the high - yielding crop varieties were evolved .
That was the time when scientists were able to break through the genetic yield barrier .
The double - gene and triple - gene dwarf wheat ( a trait that was subsequently inducted in rice ) brought in quantum jumps in yield potential .
That was way back in the late 1960s .
Since then , there has been no further genetic breakthrough in crop yields .
Let there be no mistake about it .
Monsanto is therefore making faulty claims .
None of its GM crop varieties increases yields .
At best , they only reduce crop losses .
If Monsanto does not know the difference between crop losses and crop yields , it needs to take some elementary lessons again in plant breeding .
But please , Monsanto , do n’t try and fool the world by distorting scientific facts .
For the record , let me also state that when Bt cotton was being introduced in India in 2001 ( its entry was delayed by another year when I challenged the scientific claims made by Mahyco - Monsanto ) , the Indian Council for Agricultural Research had also objected to the company ’s claim of increasing yield .
It is however another matter that ICAR ’s objections were simply brushed aside by the Department of Biotechnology , and we all know why .
Interestingly , ISAAA and several consultancy firms ( and how can we believe them anyway after their role in the economic collapse now facing the world ) have been claiming that cotton yields in India increased after Bt cotton was introduced .
Such claims are made about other crops too .
I have seen this happening again and again over the past two decades ; whenever the crop yields increase , the scientists and agribusinesses take the credit .
But when the crop yields go down , the blame invariably shifts to weather conditions .
Which may make you wonder why agricultural scientists and companies never thank the weather at times of bumper harvest .
As a former Indian Agriculture Minister , Mr. Chaturanand Mishra , always used to say , the only real Agriculture Minister is the monsoon .
This year , cotton production estimates in India have been scaled down by 14 percent .
Using the same yardstick , does it not mean that the productivity of Bt cotton is also falling ?
But of course the blame cannot lie with Bt cotton .
You guessed right — it must be the fault of inclement weather .
Sideways Mencken Survivor Guilt
Can we dispense with one thing up front ?
It 's not the " magic of the marketplace . "
There 's no magic .
There was never any magic .
The free -- or free ish -- market is the best way we 've found so far to ensure that more people are eating than are starving .
It works .
But it does n't work pretty .
It 's crude .
It 's messy .
It works like a 20 year - old Compaq with a frayed power cord .
It gets the job done , but magic ?
No .
So do n't make a religion out of it .
Do n't pray to it .
It 's not Jesus .
It 's not Jehovah .
It 's not the Buddha .
It 's not even Harry Potter .
The marketplace is devoid of morality .
It does n't reward the good and punish the bad .
It does n't even reward the hard working .
Or the smart .
Or the capable .
It shoves a bunch of money into the pockets of people who may , taken as a group , be somewhat more capable than those who are n't getting the cash , but that in no way suggests that any blessed individual is deserving or any screwed individual is undeserving .
It 's hit or miss .
It 's not a smart bomb , it 's a World War 2 era 1000 - pounder falling from a meandering prop plane : it means to hit a target , but mostly it misses , and when it does blow up a target it tends to blow up a few houses next door .
And a church .
Maybe an orphanage .
Crudely effective , not magic .
A drunk usually manages to drive himself home without hitting anyone , but that does n't make the drunk a wizard .
But talk about the marketplace this way , as the leeches and enemas of economic systems , and people get very pissy .
See , people need magic .
They need faith in something perfect .
So they need to believe that the economic system is somehow akin to God .
They need the system to be benign and rational and moral .
The winners need to believe they deserve what they get , and the losers need to believe that all they really need to do is try again and they , too , will be winners .
It 's about 75 % bullshit .
Because as much as people hate to hear it , success or failure is , like all of life , affected by more than free will and positive thinking .
DNA , environment and pure luck all have a role in your life .
And the magic of the marketplace does n't somehow exert its magical magitude and reshuffle that deck .
It looks right now as if 2009 will be a good year for me , marketplace - wise .
You know why ?
Because some wad of gray goo in a corner of my brain was formed by DNA and environment into a tiny , slimy little plot machine .
And luck led me to my wife , and put me in an English - speaking country at a time when those facts can be translated into income .
If bad luck blows a hole in an artery tomorrow , guess what ?
Suddenly that wad of gray goo dies and I 'm bagging groceries for minimum wage .
That 's scary .
It 's scary to think that all you have , all you are , is a consequence of some kind of alchemy between DNA , environment , random chance and free will -- four factors that are each part of the other -- but that 's the reality .
And given what we 've seen of the billionaire masters of the universe lately , is n't it time , finally , to admit the truth ?
There 's no magic here .
No morality .
Assholes win , good people lose .
Idiots win and geniuses lose .
And other times the reverse .
And the system we have is n't wonderful , it stinks .
It 's just the best we 've come up with so far .
Can we dispense with one thing up front ?
It 's not the " magic of the marketplace . "
There 's no magic .
There was never any magic .
The free -- or free -- market is the best way we 've found so far to ensure that more people are eating than are starving .
It works .
But it does n't work pretty .
It 's crude .
It 's messy .
It works like a 20 year - old Compaq with a frayed power cord .
It gets the job done , but magic ?
No .
So do n't make a religion out of it .
Do n't pray to it .
It 's not Jesus .
It 's not Jehovah .
It 's not the Buddha .
It 's not even Harry Potter .
The marketplace is devoid of morality .
It does n't reward the good and punish the bad .
It does n't even reward the hard working .
Or the smart .
Or the capable .
It shoves a bunch of money into the pockets of people who may , taken as abe somewhat more capable than those who are n't getting the cash , but that in no way suggests that any blessed individual is deserving or any screwed individual is undeserving .
It 's hit or miss .
It 's not a smart bomb , it 's a World War 2 era 1000 - pounder falling from a meandering prop plane : it means to hit a target , but mostly it misses , and when it does blow up a target it tends to blow up a few houses next door .
And a church .
Maybe an orphanage .
Crudely effective , not magic .
A drunk usually manages to drive himself home without hitting anyone , but that does n't make the drunk a wizard .
But talk about the marketplace this way , as the leeches and enemas of economic systems , and people get very pissy .
See , people need magic .
They need faith in something perfect .
So they need to believe that the economic system is somehow akin to God .
They need the system to be benign and rational and moral .
The winners need to believe they deserve what they get , and the losers need to believe that all they really need to do is try again and they , too , will be winners .
It 's about 75 % bullshit .
Because as much as people hate to hear it , success or failure is , like all of life , affected by more than free will and positive thinking .
DNA , environment and pure luck all have a role in your life .
And the magic of the marketplace does n't somehow exert its magical magitude and reshuffle that deck .
It looks right now as if 2009 will be a good year for me , marketplace - wise .
You know why ?
Because some wad of gray goo in a corner of my brain was formed by DNA and environment into a tiny , slimy little plot machine .
And luck led me to my wife , and put me in an English - speaking country at a time when those facts can be translated into income .
If bad luck blows a hole in an artery tomorrow , guess what ?
Suddenly that wad of gray goo dies and I 'm bagging groceries for minimum wage .
That 's scary .
It 's scary to think that all you have , all you are , is a consequence of some kind of alchemy between DNA , environment , random chance and free will -- four factors that are each part of the other -- but that 's the reality .
And given what we 've seen of the billionaire masters of the universe lately , is n't it time , finally , to admit the truth ?
There 's no magic here .
No morality .
Assholes win , good people lose .
Idiots win and geniuses lose .
And other times the reverse .
And the system we have is n't wonderful , it stinks .
It 's just the best we 've come up with so far .
This entry was posted by Michael Reynolds , on Friday , February 20 , 2009 .
You can leave your response .
There ’s an saying in New York : “ The Daily News is for people who ca n’t read , the Post is for people who ca n’t think … ” ( and the Times is for people who think they can read ) .
If you have n’t been living in a cave for the past week , you ’ve probably heard of the latest demonstration of total thoughtlessness on the part of the New York Post .
Thoughtlessness at best .
Rabidly racist and possibly treasonous at worst .
Seems there was this pet chimpanzee that suddenly went bonkers and attacked its owner ’s neighbor and well - nigh tore her face off before the boys in blue shot it down .
That ’s part one .
Part two is that President Obama signed his stimulus bill–a bill which he was one of the principal architects of .
There was a photo of this on page 11 of the Post .
Turn the page .
On page 12 is a cartoon .
A dead chimpanzee shot by two policemen and one says to the other , “ They ’ll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . ”
Now the Post says that this was really an innocent cartoon .
It OBVIOUSLY referred to the chimp in Connecticut that got shot down .
And they were kinda sorta sorry if anyone misinterpreted it , meaning any member of a racial minority who gets a bit bent out of shape when subjected to a racial slur .
Like calling them apes .
You remember apes–chimpanzees are one of them .
Why would this be so “ misinterpreted ” ?
Because the stimulus plan–you remember , the thing that President Obama just signed on page 11 – had been put forward–by a BLACK person .
You know , one of THOSE people ( to use one of the euphemisms by which bigots often refer to African - Americans ) that racists have called apes .
That ’s only the half of it .
By portraying the author of the stimulus plan as a crazed , out of control beast that needed to be shot before it caused any more harm , the Post came VERY CLOSE – too close –to suggesting that the President of the United States deserves to be shot down like a wild animal .
That sounds extraordinarily like a call for assassination to me .
And to a lot of other people .
Some of whom think it ’s a good idea .
I am appalled by the thought that a major American newspaper can suggest a heinous crime and then just get away with it .
I do n’t just blame the Post .
I blame the Republican Party and all its hacks on right - wing radio for creating an environment of hatred .
Yes , there are good Republicans .
Many of them .
But I ask–when are they going to stand up and abjure the politics of division and hatred that is poisoning the land they claim to love ?
Think about it–racism is the neo-conservative patriotism .
As for the Post ’s non-apology .
You ’ve all run into them –the verbal bully .
The man / woman who makes jokes at everyone else ’s expense .
And if you complain–they make it your fault –what ’s the matter , no sense of humor ?
You ’re just too sensitive .
Somehow they make the fact that you took offense at an insult winds up being your fault and everyone around agrees–mainly because they do n’t want to be the butt of the NEXT slur .
Well , re-read the Post ’s apology .
If that is n’t an attempt to deflect the criticism back onto the offended ( in the person of the Rev. Al Sharpton ) , I do n’t know what is .
( DailyNews ) New York Post offers half - hearted apology for chimpanzee cartoon has an excellent summary and a deservedly small reproduction of the cartoon .
Comments
Professor Richard Dawkins recently said that most Muslims were creationists , and their children are taught that the theory of evolution is wrong , which causes a huge problem in schools .
He 's largely correct , and the Muslim world desperately needs to debate the matter properly without fear , since science can neither prove nor disprove God .
Whereas the Christian world , where Charles Darwin first proposed his thesis , has had a century and a half to come to terms with the theory of evolution , it has only begun to be taught rather recently in the Muslim world , where faith and religious practice is still relatively strong .
No wonder then that the theory is opposed by some religious elements , especially those that are ignorant of science .
Snazzy websites , videos and books produced by fundamentalist Muslim " creationists " such as those at www.harunyahya.com, are obscuring clear scientific thinking .
Creation or evolution ?
Many believers in God have no problem with an obvious solution : that God created man via evolution .
Here is some explanation of this view from a Muslim perspective .
I have a background in physical sciences , not biological ones , but there are parallels .
Just as we can see clear evidence for the fact that planets , stars and galaxies evolved very gradually over the last 13 billion years since the big bang and were n't just beamed into existence by God , it would seem intuitive that life in its breathtaking variety on Earth also arose through a gradual evolutionary processes .
There are plenty of Muslim biologists who have no doubt about the essential correctness of evolutionary theory .
The Qur'an teaches that humanity began with Adam , whose wife Eve was made " of like nature " .
The raw materials from which Adam was created are variously described as dust , clay and water , ie a mixture of water and minerals found on earth and in its soil .
God completed the creation of Adam , breathed his spirit into him and taught him the names of everything .
Since the angels were ignorant of these names , he commanded them to bow down to Adam , to symbolise human superiority over angels due to our free will , intelligence , capacity to understand and express ourselves in eloquent language .
One problem is that many Muslims retain the simple picture that God created Adam from clay , much as a potter makes a statue , and then breathed into the lifeless statue and lo !
it became a living human .
This is a children 's madrasa - level understanding and Muslims really have to move on as adults and intellectuals , especially given the very serious scientific heritage of the medieval Islamic civilisation .
Another objection that is sometimes posed is the following : does n't evolution denigrate and insult all humans , but especially the prophets of God , by insisting that we all originate from apes ?
I reply that the theory does n't insult anyone , but does remind us of the humble origins of our created form .
This is nothing new or blasphemous , since numerous Qur'anic verses remind us that we are all created from " dust " via sexual discharges : " despised drops of water " .
Those verses clearly do not insult the prophets .
Meanwhile , our spiritual form remains the most exalted , since it is from the spirit of God breathed into Adam : we exist for the most noble purpose of knowing and loving God , freely and after having been given a choice .
Another irony in this whole debate is that several medieval Islamic thinkers had ideas that were broadly similar to the theory of evolution .
The 10th - century Persian philosopher Ibn Miskawayh may have had ideas about the natural world that were , broadly speaking , evolutionist .
The 14th - century philosopher Ibn Khaldun wrote :
One should then look at the world of creation .
It started out from the minerals and progressed , in an ingenious , gradual manner , to plants and animals .
Although Ibn Khaldun was n't speaking directly about evolution in the modern sense , I do n't think he would have had a major problem with Darwin 's theory , judging from the passage above .
But it is precisely the loss of the heritage of people like Ibn Khaldun that has led to the current , appalling state of science in the Muslim world and the Muslim consciousness .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
From a distance , it looks like an apparition : a huge multi-colored hot - air balloon floating in the Baghdad sky , bearing a large poster of Jesus Christ .
Below it , an Iraqi flag .
Santa and his helpers stand under palm trees at Baghdad 's first public Christmas festival .
more photos »
Welcome to the first - ever public Christmas celebration in Baghdad , held Saturday and sponsored by the Iraqi Interior Ministry .
Once thought to be infiltrated by death squads , the Ministry now is trying to root out sectarian violence -- as well as improve its P.R. image .
The event takes place in a public park in eastern Baghdad , ringed with security checkpoints .
Interior Ministry forces deployed on surrounding rooftops peer down at the scene : a Christmas tree decorated with ornaments and tinsel ; a red-costumed Santa Claus waving to the crowd , an Iraqi flag draped over his shoulders ; a red - and - black - uniformed military band playing stirring martial music , not Christmas carols .
On a large stage , children dressed in costumes representing Iraq 's many ethnic and religious groups -- Kurds , Turkmen , Yazidis , Christians , Arab Muslims not defined as Sunni or Shiite -- hold their hands aloft and sing " We are building Iraq ! "
Two young boys , a mini-policeman and a mini- soldier sporting painted - on mustaches , march stiffly and salute .
Watch the celebration in Baghdad »
Even before I can ask Interior Ministry spokesman Major - General Abdul Karim Khalaf a question , he greets me with a big smile .
" All Iraqis are Christian today ! " he says .
Khalaf says sectarian and ethnic violence killed thousands of Iraqis .
" Now that we have crossed that hurdle and destroyed the incubators of terrorism , " he says , " and the security situation is good , we have to go back and strengthen community ties . "
In spite of his claim , the spokesman is surrounded by heavy security .
Yet this celebration shows that the security situation in Baghdad is improving .
Many of the people attending the Christmas celebration appear to be Muslims , with women wearing head scarves .
Suad Mahmoud , holding her 16 - month - old daughter , Sara , tells me she is indeed Muslim , but she 's very happy to be here .
" My mother 's birthday also is this month , so we celebrate all occasions , " she says , " especially in this lovely month of Christmas and New Year . "
Father Saad Sirop Hanna , a Chaldean Christian priest , is here too .
He was kidnapped by militants in 2006 and held for 28 days .
He knows firsthand how difficult the lot of Christians in Iraq is but , he tells me , " We are just attesting that things are changing in Baghdad , slowly , but we hope that this change actually is real .
We will wait for the future to tell us the truth about this . "
He just returned from Rome .
" I came back to Iraq because I believe that we can live here , " he says .
" I have so many [ Muslim ] friends and we are so happy they started to think about things from another point of view and we want to help them . "
The Christmas celebration has tables loaded with cookies and cakes .
Families fill plates and chat in the warm winter sun .
Santa balloons hang from trees .
An artist uses oil paint to create a portrait of Jesus .
In the middle of the park there 's an art exhibit , the creation of 11 - and 12 - year - olds : six displays , each about three feet wide , constructed of cardboard and Styrofoam , filled with tiny dolls dressed like ordinary people , along with model soldiers and police .
They look like model movie sets depicting everyday life in Baghdad .
Afnan , 12 years old , shows me her model called " Arresting the Terrorists . "
" These are the terrorists , " she tells me .
" They were trying to blow up the school . "
In the middle of the street a dead " terrorist " sprawls on the asphalt , his bloody arm torn from his body by an explosion .
Afnan tells me she used red nail polish to paint the blood .
A little plastic dog stands nearby .
" What is he doing ? " I ask .
" He looks for terrorists and searches for weapons and explosives , " Afnan says .
Her mother , the children 's art teacher , Raja , shows me another child 's display called " Baghdad Today . "
" This is a wedding , " Raja explains .
" Despite the terrorism , our celebrations still go ahead .
This is a park , families enjoying time .
And this is a market where people go shopping without fear of bombings .
This is a mosque where people can pray with no fear . "
In the middle is a black mound that looks like a body bag .
Policemen and Interior Ministry forces surround it .
" This is terrorism , " she tells me .
" We killed it and destroyed it , and our lives went back to normal . "
A Christmas tale perhaps , I think , but one that many Iraqis hope will come true .
All About Iraq • Holidays
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Scientists have found a healthy use for tobacco after breeding genetically modified plants containing a medicine that could stop type 1 diabetes .
A woman separates tobacco leaves in a curing barn at a farm in Cuba 's western province of Pinar del Rio February 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Enrique De La Osa
The move marks the latest advance in the emerging field of molecular farming , which may offer a cheaper way of making biotech drugs and vaccines than traditional factory systems .
European researchers said on Thursday they had produced tobacco plants containing a potent anti-inflammatory protein called interleukin - 10 ( IL - 10 ) that could help patients with insulin - dependent type 1 diabetes and other autoimmune diseases .
A number of agrochemical companies , including Bayer and Syngenta , have been looking at ways to make complex protein drugs in plants , although progress has been slow .
At the moment , antibody medicines and vaccines are produced in cell cultures inside stainless steel fermenters .
However , Mario Pezzotti of the University of Verona , who led the tobacco study published in the journal BMC Biotechnology , believes they could be grown more efficiently in fields , since plants are the world ’s most cost - effective protein producers .
Several different plants have been studied by research groups around the world , but tobacco is a firm favorite .
“ Tobacco is a fantastic plant because it is easy to transform genetically and you can easily regenerate an entire plant from a single cell , ” Pezzotti said in a telephone interview .
His group ’s work has attracted interest from tobacco giant Philip Morris , which is supporting a conference on plant - based medicine in Verona in June .
Pezzotti and colleagues -- who received funding for their research from the European Union -- now plan to feed the plants to mice with autoimmune diseases to find out how they respond .
Further down the line , they want to test whether repeated small doses could help prevent diabetes in people , when given alongside another compound called glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD65 ) , which has also been produced in tobacco plants .
Swedish biotech company Diamyd is already testing a conventionally produced GAD65 vaccine against diabetes in clinical trials .
Molecular farming has yet to yield its first commercial product , although Israel ’s Protalix BioTherapeutics is conducting advanced clinical tests on an enzyme treatment for Gaucher disease that is produced in a culture of carrot cells .
Protalix plans to submit its drug for regulatory approval in the United States and Israel in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
IT expert Paul Gardner - Stephen created the device , which has a mobile handset fitted in one heel and a Bluetooth headset in the other , with the help of a shoemaker friend .
It allows users to make and receive calls simply by sliding back each heel to operate the gadgets .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Re : Haskell - Wiki Account registration
Henning Thielemann wrote : > >
How long will the Wiki account registration be disabled ?
Would it be > possible to ask a question , that real Haskellers could easily answer , > but a spambot cannot ?
E.g. " What 's Haskell 's surname ? "
It will be re-enabled when an appropriate extension to MediaWiki is installed .
An appropriate extension will be installed when MediaWiki is upgraded to a version that supports that .
MediaWiki will be upgraded when PHP and MySQL are upgraded .
MySQL cannot easily be upgraded on the existing distribution ( RHEL AS 3 update 9 with Linux 2.4.21 ) , as various other packages depend on the current version .
MySQL will be upgraded when we have a more up - to - date distribution ( for instance , Debian 4.0 ) .
http://haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/2009-January/020916.html
We will have a more up - to - date distribution when a new machine takes over from the existing machine at Yale .
I do n't know when anyone will have a new machine .
This is an overview of which machine does what :
http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Haskell.org_domain
-- Ashley Yakeley
This is historic times .
( Washington DC , 2003 )
I think it ’s very important for the American President to mean what he says .
That ’s why I understand that the enemy could misread what I say .
That ’s why I try to be as clearly I can .
( Washington DC , 2008 )
I do n’t particularly like it when people put words in my mouth , either , by the way , unless I say it .
( Texas , 2007 )
I ’m the master of low expectations .
( Air Force One , 2003 )
It ’s clearly a budget .
It ’s got a lot of numbers in it .
( Reuters , 2000 )
We ought to make the pie higher .
( South Carolina , 2000 )
You ’re working hard to put food on your family .
( New Hampshire , 2000 )
Families is where our nation finds hope , where wings take dream .
( Wisconsin , 2000 )
Rarely is the question asked , are , is our children learning ?
( South Carolina , 2000 )
You teach a child to read and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test .
( Tennessee , 2001 )
Too many good docs are getting out of business .
Too many OB / GYNs are n’t able to practice their love with women all across this country .
( Missouri , 2004 )
I was like a pit bull on the pant leg of opportunity .
( New York Times , 2000 )
I want to share with you an interesting program – for two reasons , one , it ’s interesting , and two , my wife thought of it – or has actually been involved with it ; she did n’t think of it .
But she thought of it for this speech .
( Washington DC , 2008 )
The Senator has got to understand that he can’t have it both ways .
He ca n’t take the high horse and then claim the low road .
( South Carolina , 2000 )
The folks who conducted to act on our country on September 11th made a big mistake . …
They misunderestimated the fact that we love a neighbor in need .
They misunderestimated the compassion of our country .
I think they misunderestimated the will and determination of the Commander - in - Chief , too .
( Virginia , 2001 )
I ’m the decider , and I decide what is best .
( Washington DC , 2006 )
We need an energy bill that encourages consumption .
( New Jersey , 2002 )
You know , one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror .
( CNN , 2006 )
When you ’re marching to war , it ’s not a very optimistic thought , is it ?
In other words , it ’s the opposite of optimistic when you ’re thinking you ’re going to war .
( Missouri , 2004 )
It ’s in our country ’s interests to find those who would do harm to us and get them out of harm ’s way .
( White House , 2005 )
I ’m telling you there ’s an enemy that would like to attack America , Americans , again .
There just is .
That ’s the reality of the world .
And I wish him all the very best .
( Washington DC , 2009 )
Oftentimes I ’m asked , why ?
Why do you care what happens outside of America ?
( Washington DC , 2008 )
The German asparagus are fabulous .
( Germany , 2008 )
We spent a lot of time talking about Africa , as we should .
Africa is a nation that suffers from incredible disease .
( Sweden , 2001 )
First , let me make it very clear , poor people are n’t necessarily killers .
Just because you happen to be not rich does n’t mean you ’re willing to kill .
( White House , 2003 )
We ’re making the right decisions to bring the solution to an end .
( Washington DC , 2001 )
I am determined to keep the process on the road to peace .
( White House , 2003 )
One of the great things about America , one of the beauties of our country , is that when we see a young , innocent child blown up by an IED , we cry .
( Washington DC , 2006 )
Thank you , Your Holiness .
Awesome speech .
( White House , 2008 )
I ’ve been in the Bible every day since I ’ve been the President ( Washington DC , 2008 )
I ’ll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this
Oval Office . ( Washington DC , 2008 )
I think we agree , the past is over .
( Campaign airplane , 2000 )
Bonus :
There ’s an old saying in Tennessee – I know it ’s in Texas , probably in Tennessee – that says , fool me once , shame on – shame on you .
Fool me – you ca n’t get fooled again .
( Tennessee , 2002 )
View Results
Public Opinion Survey
diff
browse d564760b353ecaeaa28aeea873b96505d9668560
2013-12-19 11:18 -0800 Gregory Szorc - Bug 952206 - Abort execution when a required make file fails to remake ; r=bsmedberg
diff
browse 8fa921cbf2ffdfd556eb3de6318d8955f38dfd59
2013-12-18 09:45 -0800 Gregory Szorc - Bug 951736 - Adjust sys.path while native commands are executed ; r=ted
diff
browse 42627616700c5dc32375cbb4db2d9644b8661325
2013-11-08 09:02 - 0500 Ziga Seilnacht - Bug 935050 - Manually flush native command 's stdout and stderr , multiprocessing exits via os ._exit .
r=gps
diff
browse f99dd2f10896579885fb7fcef67d56d148f6a0a9
2013-11-08 09:01 - 0500 Ziga Seilnacht - Bug 874210 - Fix pymake stack depth issues when many targets and prerequisites are present .
r=gps
diff
browse 87a4f61ed5fe7f7d14559052a58c2ac4f1b75d67
2013-11-08 09:01 - 0500 Ziga Seilnacht - Bug 782037 - Fix NameError with missing `depfinished` function when there is a makefile error .
r=gps
diff
browse 166a45b029b9262b1f633e265aad8a27cc7520a6
2013-10-01 18:48 +0200 Gregory Szorc - Bug 922685 - Local $ ( foreach ) variable is n't set properly ; r=ted
diff
browse 498a23902260beef13c1013ef657765e74d6606f
2013-09-26 14:45 -0700 Gregory Szorc - Bug 921198 - Increase pymake recursion limit ( again ) ; r=glandium
diff
browse 3ef1b1059c5c0e286ec77c28c72bc075cba10311
2013-09-26 16:43 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 920896 - Strip ./ from targets and dependencies in includedeps files .
r=gps
diff
browse 6410 fa823a2253f7d4c0b377d61d982fcd35f047
2013-09-26 16:43 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 920353 - Use PYCOMMANDPATH paths as site packages in pymake .
r=gps
diff
browse 5d83a8746631e1fa86f3f440c306909ca69b6e26
2013-09-12 22:05 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 915642 - Allow simple variable references in includedeps files ; r=gps
diff
browse 5809e5d90994218f8f1549cd3d9232a0d2efe37d
2013-09-12 08:14 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 914935 - Fix pymake handling of colon in includedep files .
r=gps
diff
browse 2b0f505e953c8c55b7c96030b016cba2d193b7e7
2013-09-06 09:21 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 912971 - Strip ./ from targets given to pymake on the command line .
r=ted
diff
browse 0e8c0eada030cb869416950508ab8d28d159ecf9
2013-09-05 15:10 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 912846 - Bump pymake parser MRU cache to 50 items .
r=gps
diff
browse 2aaad4a880f9b1b21c6f7fe9662dbd1682a7f970
2013-08-23 08:08 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 904743 - Allow multiple targets on the same rule with includedeps in pymake .
r=gps
diff
browse e43aa12317788b69cf13e6ed7e682d42e13fc2cb
2013-08-08 23:36 - 0400 Vladimir Vukicevic - b=899879 , pymake do n't handle globs in include , r=bsmedberg
diff
browse cd96f5cee0689fe2e922918355d2d9fae17138b1
2013-08-06 16:04 - 0400 Benoit Girard - Bug 899858 - Cache pymake len ( ) computation to speed up parsing .
r=benjamin
diff
browse 1cf15f6116e805227b1ff50e794408f67055e700
2013-08-02 10:29 +0900 Mike Hommey - Bug 899875 - Better handle empty arguments in pymake , and also treat whitespaces in bulk .
r=ted
diff
browse 4502b185d064c231b3d2d13f11a18317dd3f3055
2013-07-09 10:14 - 0400 Mike Shal - Bug 751076 - fix $< and $^ for pymake ; r=bsmedberg
diff
browse 211b0c4298e397526bd87af4fc080d2ca819f921
2013-05-23 11:53 - 0400 Boris Zbarsky - Bug 875025 .
Use a deque , not a list , for the pending queue in pymake .
r=glandium
Brad Friedman Byon 3/12/2009 , 4:18 pm PT
Imagine , if you will , that the situation had been reversed , and that it had been Norm Coleman who was found to have received more votes than Al Franken for the U.S. Senate seat in MN .
Imagine if Al Franken 's campaign , as opposed to Norm Coleman's , had now been found to have disclosed the names and credit card numbers of their donors on their own website , where they also inappropriately stored the unencrypted three - digit security codes of contributor credit cards , violated state law by failing to notify anybody about it , and then lied about it .
Imagine if everything --- actually , if any one of the dozens of improprieties --- that Norm Coleman has pulled since the November election , had been done by Al Franken instead .
Might Sean Hannity be repeating , over and over , something akin to the following for three hours a day on the radio ( over our publicly - owned airwaves ) , and during his hour - long solo Fox " News " freak show , five days a week ??...
" The shameful sore loser Democrat Al Franken , who clearly lost the election against Norm Coleman , needs to move on and stop obstructing the people 's business in the U.S. Senate with his endless frivolous lawsuit while we have two wars going on and an economy in shambles .
He should be in jail , frankly , for fraudulently attempting to overthrow the will of the voters of Minnesota .
" Incredibly , during his sore loser challenge to Coleman 's clear victory --- where all of the legally cast ballots were counted transparently for everyone in the state to see , and then certified unanimously by a bi-partisan panel of both Democrats and Republicans ---
Franken has repeatedly lied , broken the law , and now he 's even been found to have given away the private names and credit card numbers of all of his donors on his website .
" When the trial began --- and it seems like months ago --- Franken lied about his website crashing to try and play the victim and get sympathy from his supporters .
That backfired on him .
" Then he was found by a bi-partisan panel of judges --- on day one of the trial --- to have actually doctored up and altered evidence presented to the court in his frivilous case .
" He put admitted forgers on the stand , and tried to get their ballots and those of convicted felons who voted from prison illegally counted .
He was found to have hidden witnesses and email from the Republican , Norm Coleman , the clear winner in the election , and he even had to be fined by the judges for his outrageous and illegal antics in the court room .
" And now he was found to have broken the law by illegally and carelessly exposing the private credit cards and security numbers of thousands of his unwitting supporters .
And then he lied about it .
" Does n't Minnesota deserve better than this ?
" I remember well when Franken had embarrassed himself , by prematurely announcing himself the winner , before all of the people 's ballots were actually counted , and he even criticized Coleman , at the time , for not getting out the way , by claiming that if it were him , he " would step back " rather than ask for a full count all of all the ballots , suggesting it would be a waste of tax - payer money ...
Let 's play that video - tape , it 's just 25 seconds ...
" So , who 's wasting tax - payer money now , sore loser Al Franken ?
" Franken is a disgrace and an embarrassment and needs to step aside to let Norm Coleman , the people 's rightful winner of the election , serve in Congress right now .
And frankly , Al Franken should be thrown in jail ... and he probably will be , since there 's still an FBI investigation look into hundreds of thousands of dollars said to have been illegally funneled to him and his wife by shady financiers in advance of his run for the U.S. Senate ! "
Such as it is , of course , Coleman , not Franken , did all of the above .
But he 's the Republican candidate .
So , um , never mind .
WASHINGTON - Advocates of using satellites to beam solar power from space to Earth hopeU.S. President Barack Obama ?s campaign promise to develop alternative energy sourceswill help resurrect NASA ?s interest in the technology .
NASA hasbeen without an official spacesolar power program since 2002 , although a coalition of governmentand private industry volunteers has kept alive visions of demonstrating how the United States might one day draw energy from the sun and transmit it to Earthvia microwave beams .
Thevolunteers were disappointed in December upon learning that NASA would notprovide $ 55 million they had asked for to conduct a solar power beamingexperiment they had devised for the International Space Station .
Theexperiment ?s designers are hoping it will get another look by the Obamaadministration .
Theexperiment entails placing a system that includes traveling wave tubeamplifiers , which amplify radio frequency signals , outside the space station onthe Japanese Experiment Module ?s Exposed Facility .
The amplifiers , donatedby the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory , would be moved to another locationon the space station to draw power from the station ?s solar arrays and beamthem to Earth in microwave form .
Oldconcept , new energy
While Obamahas not identified space solar power as an alternativeenergy source he would pursue , advocates are encouraged by his appointmentof longtime space solar power proponents Alan Ladwig and George Whitesides tosenior positions at NASA .
These advocates note that Obama ?s transition teamspecifically asked NASA about the space station power beaming experiment .
JohnMankins , who worked at NASA for 25 years and managed the space - based solarpower program , said NASA should play a part in U.S. attempts to achieve energyindependence .
? I don? tsee how NASA or the space program can stand aloof from these [ alternativeenergy ] efforts , ?
Mankins said .
?
Whether or not there ?s opportunity for spacesolar power , I think it ?s premature to say .?
Mankins , who recentlydemonstrated for the Discovery Channel that a miniscule amount ofpower can be received from a 20 - watt microwave beam transmitted over adistance of 92 miles ( 148 km ) , said the United States should conduct a thoroughstudy of end - to - end systems needed for space solar power , followed bytechnology experiments and demonstrations .
The last such systems study wasdone 12 years ago , he said .
The conceptfaces a major barrier , however , in the high cost of launching satellites largeenough to transmit meaningful amounts of power to Earth , according to a whitepaper submitted by space solar advocate Charles Miller , president of SpacePolicy Consulting Inc. in Dayton , Ohio , to Obama ?s transition team inNovember .
The white paper recommends establishing a national space solar powerpolicy , assigning a lead federal agency and an incremental research program .
The white paper said the cost of space solar power could be reduced if the United States develops more - affordable access to space and applies high - volumeassembly line techniques to satellite construction .
Militaryspace power
Alternativeenergy advocates are not the only ones interested in space solar power beaming ; the U.S. military is also eyingthe technology as a possible means of delivering power to remote areas ofthe globe .
The Air Force Academy , for example , has begun building twosmall satellites to test the concept of transmitting solar power from space vialaser technology .
That demonstration is expected to produce enough power toilluminate a single one - tenth - of - a - watt light emitting diode , or LED .
Meanwhile , the space station power beaming experiment has won support from Gary Payton , undersecretary of the Air Force for space .
Following abriefing on the proposed demonstration , Payton wrote Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA ?s space operations chief , to say the space agency and Pentagon shouldbegin exploring ways to collaborate on solar power beaming experiments .
? I believeit is time for NASA and [ the Defense Department ] to collaborate on a project todemonstrate safe space - to - earth transmission of solar energy is possible , andscalable to a magnitude that can enhance national security interests , ?
Paytonsaid in the Sept. 30 letter .
Powerstall
InDecember , however , top NASA managers directed work on the project within theU.S. space agency to stop .
MackHenderson of Johnson Space Center in Houston , who has been NASA ?s lead on thespace station demonstration , announced the decision in a Dec. 11 letter tomembers of the group .
? It is withheavy heart that I tell you that we have been asked to terminate all NASA ? ssupport on the [ space solar power ] demo activity .
This direction was justreceived from management and I wanted to pass it along to you as soon aspossible to avoid wasting any more additional work that you have mostgraciously been volunteering , ?
Henderson wrote .
One memberof the group , who asked not to be identified , expressed frustration that theprogram was canceled before the Obama administration took office .
? This is anopportunity for NASA to be involved in not only something that involves spacebut also energy and environmental issues , ? said one team member , who asked notto be identified .
?
I think NASA management was fearful that they were going tobe handed this mission .?
Enclosed shopping centers , long the cathedrals of American consumerism , are closing their doors by the hundreds as the recession continues to clobber retail sales .
Is America ’s love affair with the mall over ?
Are malls dying ?
The vital signs are not good .
Even before the recession hit , consumers had developed mall fatigue , and the classic enclosed shopping mall was in decline .
More than 400 of the 2,000 largest malls in the U.S. have closed in the past two years .
The last new major mall in the U.S. opened in 2006 , and only one big mall is scheduled to open this year — the troubled Xanadu mega- mall in Rutherford , N.J. ( See below . )
With some 150,000 retail stores projected to fail in the U.S. this year , more mall closings are imminent .
Mall mainstays such as Mervyn ’s department stores , Linens ’n Things , and KB Toys have already disappeared into bankruptcy , and mall vacancy rates topped 7 percent last year , the highest level since 2001 .
“ It ’s an absolute disaster , ” says Howard Davidowitz , an investment banker specializing in retailers .
“ What a mall represents is discretionary spending , and discretionary spending is in a depression . ”
Is it really that bleak ?
The data suggests that it is .
For decades , American consumers could always be counted on to spend more than they did the year before — the only question was , by how much .
But in the past 12 months , retail sales in the U.S. have dropped an unprecedented 9.8 percent .
The economic collapse has landed especially heavily on the old - line department stores , such as Sears and JCPenney , that anchor many malls .
As their sales and profits have tanked , they ’ve been pulling out of malls , to the distress of the smaller merchants that depend on the larger stores to feed them traffic .
The Turfland Mall in Lexington , Ky. , recently lost Dillard ’s as an anchor tenant , setting off a cascade of closings .
“ We have no choice but to leave now that Dillard ’s is leaving , ” says Bill Parker , who just closed his shoe store .
Have people simply stopped shopping ?
No , but they ’re increasingly patronizing discounters such as Wal - Mart and Target , not the full - price department stores and high - end boutiques .
Sales are growing at Wal - Mart , where shoppers can pick up groceries , fill their prescriptions , and buy socks without leaving the store .
Many consumers are also shopping online .
“ I ca n’t take a couple of hours out of my weekend to drive down and browse the mall , ” says Burlington , N.J. , teacher Kari Holderman .
Hard times have also meant that consumers are passing up the nonessential items that malls specialize in — things like scented candles , $ 25 baseball caps , $ 250 back massagers , and battery - operated guinea pigs spinning on exercise wheels .
“ The most important fact about our shopping malls , ” says social scientist Henry Fairlie , “ is that we do not need most of what they sell . ”
What happens when a mall dies ?
It can devastate the surrounding community .
The mall ’s site can rapidly turn into a wasteland of overgrown weeds , cracked concrete , and stray animals , with looters picking sites clean of copper tubing , light fixtures , and anything else that can be sold for scrap .
When the Riverside Center in Utica , N.Y. , closed around Christmas 2007 , its owner did n’t even bother to take down the holiday display .
The following July , says Peter Blackbird of Deadmalls.com , the roof sprang a leak that drenched the display ’s cotton “ snow , ” which quickly “ turned into mold stew . ”
The fallout goes beyond aesthetics , of course .
When a mall closes , unemployment rolls in the region swell , and the loss of property , sales , and business taxes can leave municipalities with serious shortfalls .
The city of North Randall , Ohio , is nearly bankrupt following the closing late last year of the Randall Park Mall , once the largest mall in the Cleveland area .
“ It could simply cease to exist as a city , ” says Cuyahoga County Commissioner Peter Jones .
Will anything replace the mall ?
Some are being razed to make room for “ big box ” stores such as Home Depot and discount clubs such as BJ ’s and Costco .
Still others are being turned into open - air “ lifestyle centers , ” ersatz Main Streets to replace the real Main Streets that were decimated when malls lured away their customers in the first place .
The stores in these centers are at ground level and have entrances facing the street , which helps boost store traffic and sales .
Like real Main Streets , lifestyle centers include restaurants , movie theaters , and pedestrian plazas , as well as shopping .
The amenities “ draw the consumer in for reasons other than to just purchase items , ” says Erin Hershkowitz of the International Council of Shopping Centers .
If malls go , could downtowns come back ?
In this economy , not likely .
Some developers have already tried building “ lifestyle centers ” in downtown areas left blighted when stores and shoppers fled to the outskirts .
But there is no single “ big fix ” that will pump life back into downtowns full of boarded - up stores , says development expert Teresa Lynch .
That means some communities will soon be without a mall or a thriving shopping district , leaving them with no central gathering place .
“ One of the biggest consequences of mall closings is the loss of a sense of community , ” says David Birnbrey of The Shopping Center Group , “ a place where people gather and socialize . ”
And exercise .
Retirees Dick and Anne Saplata work out by walking around the largely empty halls of the Metcalf South Mall in Leawood , Kan .
It ’s likely to close soon , and there ’s talk that a developer will raze the place .
If the mall goes under , Dick Saplata asks , “ where are we going to walk ? ”
The last mega-mall ?
Talk about bad timing .
June is supposed to mark the opening of the Xanadu mall on a stretch of New Jersey swampland just across the Hudson River from Manhattan .
But it might not happen .
When developer Larry Siegel broke ground on the $ 2.2 billion , 2.4 - million - square - foot mall in 2004 , he promised that Xanadu would be the ultimate “ shoppertainment ” experience , with an indoor ski slope , a fishing pond , and even a 30 - foot - high chocolate waterfall .
But as the recession has deepened , plans have been repeatedly scaled back .
Prospective tenants , including Virgin Megastore and Borders , have bailed out , and no anchor tenants have yet been signed .
Siegel is vowing to carry on .
“ We ’re not building this for the next 18 months , ” he says “ but the next 50 years . ”
The chocolate waterfall , though , has been scaled down to 4 feet .
I do n't think I was expecting the cutscenes in Ghostbusters : The Video Game to look good -- at least not as good as they did during my most recent demo .
See , I 've been covering this game backwards and forwards since it was announced , and up until last week , every cutscene was a work in progress filled with placeholder stuff .
I+ain't+' fraid+of+full+moons .
Yeah , +that +ghost+is+screwed .
When I saw the game this last time , that was no longer the case .
This time , it was Ray , Peter and the new Ghostbuster we 'll all be playing as standing in one of the Sedgewick Hotel 's famed elevators .
Slimer was up to his old tricks and the team was on the scene to bust the spud .
While the game loaded the next section of the title , the camera was centered on the boys riding the lift from the same in - their - face angle as the original film .
There was even the " No Smoking " sign behind them .
As they rode along , the vocal talents of Bill Murray and Dan Aykroyd chitchatted about why the team can't turn on their proton packs around the general public anymore ( lawsuit ) while the recruit just reacted .
Now when I say that I did n't expect these cutscenes to look so good , I 'm not saying that they were uber - realistic or anything .
What I mean is that the way the faces moved when they spoke , turned to acknowledge one another , and the reactions of the rookie all looked really solid and entertaining .
I have no idea if that same effect and feeling will carry over to the game 's other scenes -- even though I did notice the rookie now grimaces and turns his head while struggling with wrangling ghosts -- but I dug it .
It was n't all gawking at faces when Terminal Reality and Atari rolled into the IGN offices to show me Ghostbusters :
The Video Game architect office bit that I had just seen at the New York Comic - Con ( which I had already seen months before ) and that jump from the library to the other dimension that I had written about a while ago , but they also showcased the Sedgewick Hotel for the first time .
Before the ' busters even made it to Slimer 's old haunt , they started at the firehouse where Janine fielded the call and dispatched the boys .
I 'm not sure if this is a general placeholder load screen that will be featured along with a few others before every call the team goes on , but I did find it odd that Slimer was hovering by Janine 's desk even though the boys were going out to catch him and that the Vigo painting was leaning on the wall in the background .
I mean , I guess it could be a reproduction of the original , but we all know that when Vigo was beaten , the Vigo painting morphed into one of the boys and Oscar .
I digress -- remember this is just a preview .
Anyway , the Ecto - 1 roars away from the firehouse , and we 're on the scene .
A hotel worker is there to greet the Ghostbusters and complain that the establishment wants its money back since the ghost is back , but Venkman just tells him " You should 've taken the extended service agreement . "
There were a lot of dialogue gems like that in the quick taste of the title I got -- remember , Aykroyd and Harold Ramis wrote the script for this game .
Aside from in - jokes from the movies and quips about getting slimed , there was a funny moment when a pretty lady stepped off the elevator in front of the team , Venkman made a quick pass at her and she responded with " Back off , loser ; it 's never going to happen .
"
Once upstairs , Ray and the recruit head out on their own while Venkman goes the assumedly safer route .
Eventually , the duo stumble upon Slimer downing room service , the new onscreen instructions that pop up in white with a PKE icon next to them showed up , the rookie scanned the ghoul and it flew away .
The Ghostbusters give chase and eventually run into the ghosts of some bellhops clad in white and red uniforms .
The boys dance around the hotel lobby zapping and trapping and it's the same impressive lightshow we 've talked about before .
However , this was the first time I have seen the game 's upgrade system in action .
When you 're grabbing these ghosts , you 're making money ( Beat a Book Golem , make $ 300 . ) ; with this money , you can upgrade your equipment .
In this build of the game , there was a $ 15,000 upgrade that helped focus your blast stream , a PKE scan enhancement and other cool stuff to make GB nerds drool .
Like all healthy folks , I hate cops .
The only thing worse than cops are Russian cops .
And the only thing worse than Russian cops are the OMON – the Interior Ministry ’s paramilitary goons famous for brutalizing anyone who dares to oppose the Kremlin .
At the same time , I ’m for just about everything Greenpeace is for .
All of Norway is n’t worth one whale .
So why do I find myself tipping my hat and shouting out a big “ thank you ” to the OMON for stomping and arresting a Greenpeace activist ?
Could it be because of his annoying - as - fuck mascot costume , which screams “ Stomp Me ! ” Look at the pictures below and try to tell me that not only were the OMON totally justified , but they showed incredible restraint .
Too much restraint , given the costume ’s crime–where , I ask , were the OMON ’s famous dubinki ( clubs ) ?
Some background : the Greenpeace activist is on a campaign to promote recycling trash in separate trash cans .
So a couple of days ago he goes to the Mayor ’s office in central Moscow to deliver his letter along with a toy model of a green trash collector truck .
Fine .
Anyone who knows
Moscow knows what a filthy city it is , people tossing trash wherever the Hell they feel like .
I support the guy ’s larger goals , but … that fucking costume !
Showing up in front of the notoriously brutal Moscow Mayor ’s office is asking for it .
It ’s like suicide - by - OMON .
As they said in Apocalypse Now , the Greenpeace guy ’s goals may have been initially right , but his methods are … unsound .
Terminate his schtick , boys .
With extreme prejudice …
“ Howdy - ho ociffers !
Ha-ha !
I ’m Grisha the Greenpeace trash can , yippee !
Here ’s a toy for you .
I ’ll teach you about separating trash and keeping our city clean !
Boy is this fun !
Ha-ha ! ”
“ Here ’s my letter to the Mayor .
I just know he ’s going to read it !
Wee - hee , woo hoo !
Boy , is n’t this fun kids ?
Why are you calling me a ‘ piderast ’ and what does ‘ cho blya ’ mean , sir ? ”
“ Wee !
We ’re gonna dance !
Let ’s dance for cleanliness !
Weee !
Do n’t squeeze too hard on my arm , Grisha the Greenpeace trash can is very sensitive ! ”
“ Oww !
Fuck !
You ’re hurting me goddamnit !
You ’re shaking me out of my shell !
My legs , my arms ! ”
“ Attica ! Attica ! Aaaaaahhhhhggggg ! ”
The trash arrests the trash can .
And just in case you ’re feeling sorry for the bastard , check out this excruciating techno video he made .
I rest my case .
Tired of neighborhood cats using my lawn as a litter box , I began live - trapping them with the consent of the local animal - control officer , who then delivers them to a shelter .
( I had tried other methods of repelling the cats and had spoken to my immediate neighbors . )
These cats are either homeless or have bad owners .
Either way , I say the cats are better off at a shelter .
My wife says I am heartless .
You ?
JOHN GOLD , BIDDEFORD , ME .
I am not a cardiologist , but your cat - trapping is at best premature .
First , speak to your neighbors , and not just those next door .
Describe your plans and note that there are good reasons to keep cats inside .
As Ingrid Newkirk , president of PETA , puts it , “ Cats are at risk of disease , being hit by cars , running afoul of people with evil intentions who will harm them , dog attacks , rabies and more if left outside . ”
Next , before consigning a cat to a shelter , give the cat ’s owner a chance to retrieve it .
( This might mean posting fliers around the neighborhood . )
Contrary to your assertion , cats may be better off at a shelter only in the sense that in this vale of tears we ’d all be better off dead — such is the fate of many animals left at shelters without a no-kill policy .
You must learn what your shelter does with a cat that is not promptly adopted and also confirm that the shelter screens adopters .
Shelter cats have ended up with laboratories or with individuals who subject them to cruel fates .
Image Credit ... Christoph Niemann
Better to consider gentler deterrents : electronic gizmos that repel unwanted animals , a dog or perhaps a gigantic rodent .
The capybara , the world ’s largest , can reach 140 pounds , a hefty rebuke to any wandering cat and an attractive herbivorous lawn ornament .
50 Successful Open Source Projects That Are Changing Medicine
Open source healthcare is forging forward quickly on the Internet .
But , fast developments often produce many failures .
But , many medicinal open source projects that have gained success development .
This success shows that open source alone is not the solitary factor in development .
Instead , look to great management , public relations , marketing and a sound program that stands up under the scrutiny of a growing number of peer users and , often , patients .
To limit this list to 50 projects means that we ’ve tapped only the tip of the mountain of open source projects available to the healthcare industry .
They encompass every subject from ultrasound technician education to national health care database privacy .
The following list is categorized alphabetically , and each link under every category is arranged alphabetically as well .
We use this methodology to show that we do not favor one resource over another .
Ambulatory Care
ClearHealth : Medical software designed by clinics and hospitals and powered by Open Source software .
ClearHealth includes modules for document storage , customizable reporting / forms , lab results and prescription management .
EGADSS : EGADSS is an open source tool that is designed to work in conjunction with primary care Electronic Medical Record ( EMR ) systems to provide patient specific point of care reminders in order to aid physicians provide high quality care .
GNUmed : Use this free / open source software , released under the GNU Public license to andle your patient ’s records .
IndivoHealth : Indivo is a personally controlled health record system that enables patients to own complete , secure copies of their medical records .
OpenEHR : In the clinical space , it is about creating high - quality , re-usable clinical models of content and process – known as archetypes – along with formal interfaces to terminology .
OpenEHR could take you there .
OpenEMR : OpenEMR is a free medical practice management , electronic medical records , prescription writing , and medical billing application .
OpenMRS : OpenMRS is a community - developed , open - source , enterprise electronic medical record system framework .
Tolven :
An opportunity to use electronic Clinician Health Record ( eCHR ) and electronic Personal Health Record ( ePHR ) systems .
Ultimate EMR : Ultimate EMR was designed as a Commercial Open Source application rich in features and that can be combined with many other products and tools .
WorldVista EHR : WorldVistA EHR is an open source electronic health record based on the highly acclaimed VistA system of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) .
Collaboration
GNU Projects :
The Free Software Foundation provides a variety of free and open source software and publishes a list of various open source licenses and comparative features .
Medsphere : Medsphere.org is a community gathering place where healthcare administrators , clinicians , developers and enthusiasts can interact , share , and collaborate .
Open Health : This Yahoo !
Group focuses on discussion of FOSS health I.T. - related topics .
Open Source Health Informatics Working Group : IMIA OSWG brings together experts and interested individuals from a wide range of health professions and with a range of interests in the potential application of free / libre and open source solutions within their domains of expertise .
OS - WG : The mission of the OS - WG ( Open Source Working Group ) is to act as the primary conduit between the broader open source community and AMIA ( American Medical Informatics Association ) .
OSHCA : OSHCA ’s membership comprises a community of people , civil societies and professional bodies in health care and informatics industries that promotes the Free / Open Source Software Concepts in Health Care .
Integration
Gello : ANSI - accredited HL7 standard for creating computable , unambiguous clinical queries .
i2b2 : i2b2 ( Informatics for Integrating Biology and the Bedside ) is an NIH - funded National Center for Biomedical Computing based at Partners HealthCare System .
Their work is designed to facilitate the design of targeted therapies for individual patients with diseases having genetic origins .
IHE Open Source :
This project holds an implementation of the Cross - Enterprise Document Sharing ( XDS ) profile as defined by IHE ( ihe.net ) .
Mirth : Mirth is an open source cross-platform HL7 interface engine that has established itself as the baseline for healthcare information exchange .
Mirth allows messages to be filtered , transformed , and routed based on user - defined rules .
Records for Living : OpenHealth services allow for a wide variety of safe , secure reports and services to be delivered to consumers , leveraging the power of their electronic medical records .
Imaging / Visualization
BrainStorm : BrainStorm is an integrated free Matlab toolkit dedicated to Magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) and Electroencephalography ( EEG ) data visualization and processing .
Medical Exploration Toolkit : Advanced two - and three - dimensional visualizations with easy application building and efficient case management .
MicroDicom : MicroDicom is application for primary processing and preservation of medical images in DICOM format .
O3 - RWS : O3 - RWS is the Radiology Workstation of the Open Three ( O3 ) Consortium .
O3 - RWS is an Open Source , IHE based , Internationalized , Modular and Portable Image Display .
SMIViewer : A free ( soon to be open source ) DICOM volume analyzer for research / teaching on Windows .
Medical Practice Management Software
CARE2X : Care2x integrates data , functions and workflows in a healthcare environment .
iHRIS Suite : Open source HRIS solutions , distributed under the GPL , to supply health sector leaders and managers with the information they need to assess HR problems , plan effective interventions and evaluate those interventions .
MirrorMed : MirrorMed is a free and open source EHR and practice management system written in PHP .
This is a Web - based application that is capable of running a healthcare practice .
OpenDental : Previously known as Free Dental , OpenDental is an open source Practice Management Software licensed under the GNU General Public License .
OpenTAPAS : Technology Assisted Practice Application Suite ( TAPAS ) is a model to assist primary care physicians use technology in a targeted manner in their practices .
It is an open source ( GPL 2.0 ) collection of tools .
Online Publications
PLos Medicine : A peer - reviewed open - access journal published by the Public Library of Science .
LinuxMedNews :
This is your site for Linux , Free and Open Source medical software news , and has been since March 2000 .
Programs
Debian Med :
The goal of Debian Med is a complete system for all tasks in medical care which is built completely on free software .
Eclipse Open Healthcare Framework ( OHF ) Project :
The project is composed of extensible frameworks and tools which emphasize the use of existing and emerging standards in order to encourage interoperable open source infrastructure , thereby lowering integration barriers in healthcare informatics technology .
NHS : A UK NHS Interface ( CUI ) , program guidance and product library available to NHS users and service providers using N3 .
ODIN : ODIN is a C++ software framework to develop , simulate and run magnetic resonance sequences on different platforms .
Open Three ( O3 ) Consortium :
An innovative open - source project dealing with the multi-centric integration of hospitals , RHIOs and citizen ( care at home and on the move , and ambient assisted living ) , based on the about 60 HECE bilateral cooperation Agreements with healthcare facilities .
Use their imaging , collaboration and other software .
OpenGalen :
Their goal is to promote healthcare through stimulating the use and development of GALEN experience and technology as a basis for teaching , training and services in the area of medical terminology , language , knowledge and information and in anything directly or indirectly related in the widest sense .
Public Health and Biosurvellance
EpiSPIDER :
This experimental map is generated from news reports from both expert - curated and general news sources on epidemics .
Influism :
To be used for pandemic preparedness planning by health care offices , this download computes the effect of interventions like antiviral treatment of cases and social distancing .
OpenEMed : Biosurveillance and clinical data repository based on Web services and modules .
Offers solid interoperability and federation of clinical data .
RODS : “ Real - time Outbreak and Disease Surveillance ” ( RODS ) is an open - source public health surveillance software .
Sispread :
This open source tool was created to help people concerned by public health to easily perform epidemic simulations and to analyze their results .
Software
MOSCOW  A top Russian Air Force official said that the government was weighing whether to base strategic bombers out of Cuban territory or on a Venezuelan island that has been offered by President Hugo Chávez , according to the Interfax news service .
In comments made at an awards ceremony on Friday night , Maj. Gen. Anatoly Zhikharev , chief of staff for Russia ’s long - distance aviation division , told reporters that either option would be practical .
“ There are four or five airfields in Cuba with 4,000 - meter - long runways , which absolutely suit us , ” he said .
“ If the two chiefs of state display such a political will , we are ready to fly there . ”
He confirmed that Mr. Chávez had offered the use of a military airfield on La Orchila island .
“ If a relevant political decision is made , this is possible , ” he said .
New mammal species a warning for humanity
February 10 , 2009 19:31 IST
A scientist has said that the fact that we 're discovering new mammal species in an era of human - caused mass extinctions is not a cause for joy , but only a warning for humanity .
The statement has been made by Paul Ehrlich , the Bing Professor of Population Studies at Stanford University , and co-author of an analysis of the 408 new mammalian species discovered since 1993 .
Ehrlich conducted the analysis with Gerardo Ceballos , a professor of biology at the National University of Mexico .
The 408 newly discovered species amount to approximately 10 percent of the known species of mammals .
" As a group , mammals have been very well studied , and their size makes them relatively easy to spot compared to insects or microbes .
It is not that surprising that multitudes of new insect species are still being discovered , or that the new extremophile species are found in hydrothermal vents on the ocean floor , " Ehrlich said .
" But , the new mammals include a small antelope weighing approximately 200 pounds and surprisingly high numbers of primates , more than what would be expected if the discoveries were randomly distributed across higher taxonomic groups , " Ehrlich added .
" Our analysis indicates how much more varied biodiversity is than we thought and how much bigger our conservation problems are if we 're going to maintain the life - support services that we need from biodiversity , " the professor said .
Among those ecosystem services is disease control .
" There 's an important set of diseases called hantaviruses that infects human beings and quite frequently kills them .
And it turns out that if you reduce the diversity of the different species of rodents , say , in a forest , the rodents that carry hantaviruses can become more common .
And the results for human beings are more death and disease , " Ehrlich said .
" So , by reducing the diversity of mouse - like creatures in a forest , you can make that forest more dangerous for people , " he added .
" Many of the newly discovered species have small populations or limited geographic ranges , making them particularly vulnerable to extinction .
The rarer of the species and the smaller of the populations often disappear without us even knowing that they are going , " Ehrlich said .
Fritzl 's trial lasted four days
Austrian Josef Fritzl , who kept his daughter in a cellar and fathered her seven children , has been convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment .
Fritzl , 73 , was found guilty of all charges against him , including rape , incest , murder and enslavement .
He showed no obvious emotion at the verdict , telling the court that he accepted it and would not appeal .
The court ordered that Fritzl should serve his life sentence in a secure psychiatric facility .
The judge said he could speak to his lawyer but he shook his head .
Then he was led out of court with an impassive face .
Fritzl 's lawyer , Rudolf Mayer , said outside the court after the verdict : " I would say that the verdict was a logical consequence of a confession .
" Of course if you have 3,000 cases of rape and 24 years of being kept in a cellar , it is evident that there can only be a punishment or verdict like this one . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The life sentence was handed down for the murder by neglect of one of the children , who died soon after birth .
The jury unanimously accepted prosecutors ' arguments that the child could have survived if it had received medical care denied by Fritzl .
The defendant first denied murder and enslavement but changed his plea to guilty after seeing testimony from his daughter .
The verdict is final and irreversible , as neither the defence nor the prosecution is contesting it .
Co-ordination centre
The BBC's Bethany Bell at the court says there has been a huge amount of media interest in the trial , and its twists and turns have been enormous .
At the time of the first details of this case , no - one could grasp the extent of this man 's crimes , she says , and Austria still has to come to terms with it .
Court officials said Fritzl would initially return to St Poelten jail , where he has been held in custody .
Justice Ministry spokeswoman Katharina Swoboda told AFP news agency that he would remain there in the coming weeks .
The prison 's deputy warden , Erich Huber - Guensthofer , said he would be kept under suicide watch .
He will then be sent to a co-ordination centre , where it will be determined how dangerous he is and whether he is able to undergo therapy , before going on to the psychiatric facility .
He could in theory be released from the facility if he is deemed to be cured of his illness and would serve the remainder of his sentence in a normal prison .
In this case he will be eligible for release after 15 years .
Court spokesman Franz Cutka said Fritzl 's daughter could also bring a civil case against her father , adding that there was no limit to the damages she could request .
Regrets
The Austrian imprisoned his daughter in a cellar under his house for 24 years and repeatedly raped her .
The daughter and three of the children were kept captive in the cellar until the case came to light in April last year , when one of them became seriously ill and was taken to hospital .
In his surprise confession on Wednesday , Fritzl admitted murdering by neglect one of newborn twin boys his daughter gave birth to in 1996 , having failed to arrange medical care for the ailing infant .
The other three children were raised in the family home by Fritzl and his wife , after he told people that his daughter had abandoned them and joined a sect .
The daughter and her six surviving children have been recovering from their ordeal in a psychiatric clinic and at a secret location .
Addressing the jury before the verdict , Fritzl said : " I regret from the bottom of my heart what I 've done to my family . "
" Unfortunately I can not undo what I did .
I can only try to limit the damage done as best as I can , " he said .
Are you in Austria ?
What is your reaction ?
Send us your comments using the form below
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Graham Boyd , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union drug law project , said Mr. Holder ’s remarks created a reasonable balance between conflicting state and federal laws and “ seem to finally end the policy war over medical marijuana . ”
He said officials in California and the 12 other states that have authorized the use of medical marijuana had hesitated to adopt regulations to carry out their laws because of uncertainty created by the Bush administration .
Image Eric H. Holder Jr. outlined a new enforcement policy .
Credit ... Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
Mr. Holder said the new approach was consistent with statements made by President Obama in the campaign and was based on an assessment of how to allocate scarce enforcement resources .
He said dispensaries operating in accord with California law would not be a priority for the administration .
Mr. Holder ’s comments appeared to be an effort to clarify the policy after some news reports last month interpreted his answer to a reporter ’s question to be a flat assertion that all raids on marijuana growers would cease .
Department officials said Mr. Holder had not intended to assert any policy change last month but was decidedly doing so on Wednesday .
Ethan Nadelmann , the founder of the Drug Policy Alliance , said Mr. Holder was telling the Drug Enforcement Administration that it should leave legitimate growers of medical marijuana untouched .
“ The message from the Bush Justice Department was ‘ watch out  we have the authority to go after everybody , ’ ” he said .
On other matters , in his first wide - ranging conversation with reporters as attorney general , Mr. Holder said the Justice Department was still reviewing the case files of detainees held at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , to determine whether they could be released or would be tried in a civilian criminal court or some other legal forum .
He said it was possible that some detainees like the Uighurs held in Cuba could be released into the United States .
A little confession : I am not a morning person .
In fact , I hate getting up before 9 a.m. , and I 'd probably sleep until 10 a.m. if I could .
I 'm not sure whether it was too many late nights during college , or if I 'm a night owl by nature , but it 's far too often " late to bed , late to rise " for me .
And I 'm trying to fix it .
There are n't enough hours in the day for kids , hobbies , work , etc. , and life 's far too short to spend in a sleepy haze .
Here are 10 tips for how I get up at 6:30 a.m. every ( ok ... maybe not every ) morning :
1 . Go to bed when you 're tired .
You 've probably heard that you 're supposed to go to bed at the same time every night , right ?
Yeah , I tried that , and ended up staring at the ceiling for a few hours .
Instead , I go to bed when I 'm tired .
Usually this means that I do go to bed at roughly the same time every night .
Eventually you get into a rhythm and it works out .
One caveat , though , is that we geeks tend to get rather caught up in our own hobbies .
Do n't stay up later than you should just because you want to finish one more quest in Fallout 3 or because you have a blog article due the next day ( ahem ) .
2 . Pick out clothes the night before .
Honest , it really helps .
Making decisions , even small ones about which shirt or tie to wear , can be challenging in the wee hours .
I 've even contemplated taking the Neil Gaiman route and just wearing the same damn thing every day .
My wife says that 's sad , but she 's never gone an entire day with backwards underwear and an inside - out shirt .
3. Program your coffee maker .
Several folks told me to cut back on my caffeine after I mentioned to them that I was trying to get up earlier .
After I stopped laughing , I went out and bought some really good whole bean coffee ( our recent favorite is Ruta Maya ) .
Now , every night I load up our automatic coffee maker ( we have a Cuisinart Grind - and - Brew , though I 've heard great things about the Krups KM7000 model ) and in the morning when I hear it go off like a jet engine , I get warm fuzzies inside .
It 's not quite as nice as Rosie from The Jetsons topping off your cup , but it 's close .
Hit the jump for seven more tips on getting out of bed in the morning .
4 . Set your alarm .
Across the room .
I have the innate ability ( much to my wife 's frustration ) of being able to slap an alarm clock 's snooze button without actually rising fully out of unconsciousness .
I believe my record during one morning marathon was two hours of consecutive snoozage .
The thing is , snoozing sucks .
It 's low - quality sleep that does n't leave you feeling restful in any way .
My groggy brain is not rational enough in the a .m. to understand this .
So there is no alarm on my bedside table .
Instead I installed Alarm Clock on my MacBook and plugged it in all the way across the room .
Now , every morning at 6:30 , the spiky tones of chiptunes wake me from my blissful respite .
5 . Put a glass of water next to your alarm .
Drink the whole glass when you get up and turn the alarm off .
After a full night 's sleep , you 're probably a little dehydrated , and for whatever reason , drinking water just seems to help the body realize that it 's time to get up .
Be careful if you 're using your computer as an alarm , though .
Nothing ruins a day — or a laptop — like a clumsy spill on the keyboard .
6 . Have a good reason for being up early .
If you 're the type of person who can spring out of bed at dawn , just because it 's a beautiful day , gosh darn it , and you 're out to change the world , etc. , then congratulations .
You 're probably one of those weirdos that does n't drink coffee in the morning either .
We mere mortals need collateral .
Sometimes it's not enough to know that you 've got more time in the day .
Sometimes you need to know how to spend it .
Remember back at number 1 when I told you to put down the Xbox 360 controller and get some sleep ?
Well ... pick it back up again !
If you want to finish that quest , you 've got the time to do it now .
Paint some miniatures !
Go for a walk !
Make and eat pancakes with your kids !
Plan something fun and you 'll probably get out of bed easier .
7 . Have a well - stocked " library . "
I 'm going to be perfectly frank with you .
I get a lot of reading done in the bathroom .
I think of it as my own Fortress of Solitude , minus the subzero temperature and creepy statues of my parents .
It 's also the first place I go after I wake up , to take care of various biological necessities and to freshen up for the day ahead .
If there 's an interesting book sitting beside the , uh , throne , then I 'm a lot more likely to look forward to the morning rituals .
8 . Do something active .
I know that for a lot of geekdads , numbers 8 and 6 do n't really jive .
" Exercise is not fun , " says you .
" I 'd rather be playing videogames . "
What about Wii Fit ?
It 's no Fallout and it's not exactly the most hard - core workout regime , but it 's just as good as some pushups and light calisthenics .
Plus data geeks can watch their weight ( hopefully ) drop over time , and that 's always a good motivator .
If you 're not Wiilling ( sorry , it had to be done ) to hop on the balance board , how about downloading some podcasts ( I 'm partial to our very own GeekDads podcast and HipTrax , and we have a list of all sorts of other geeky podcasts for your consumption ) and taking a walk or a jog .
9 . Spend some time thinking .
It might be a little corny , but taking a moment out of your day to ponder life , the universe and everything can be immensely relaxing .
Reflecting on the previous day 's events is a great way to learn a lesson or two .
10 . Write something down .
I just finished reading Michael Palin 's superb Diaries 1969 - 1979 : The Python Years and I 'm impressed by his ability to capture the important details of his personal and professional life .
I 'm trying to spend at least a few minutes of my morning scribbling a few thoughts on the events of my own life , and I find that , in combination with number 9 , this helps me to hop in the car , refreshed and ready to take on the workday .
So those are my little morning rituals .
What helps you get out of bed in the morning ?
Photos : David Andersson / Flickr , erindipity !/ Flickr and la bergère / Flickr
Raquel Alessi is Miss March ( Trailer and Photos )
stars in Miss March , the story of a young man who awakens from a four - year coma to hear that his once virginal high - school sweetheart ( Alessi ) has since become a naked centerfold in Playboy magazine .
He and his sex - crazed best friend decide to take a cross-country road trip in order to crash a party at the Playboy mansion and win back the girl .
Alessi , 26 , is best known for her role as Lia Mathers in the FOX television drama Standoff .
She was also one of Maxim magazine 's Hot 100 in 2007 .
View Miss March trailer and more photos of Raquel Alessi below .
View more Raquel Alessi Maxim photos
photos : WENN and Maxim
New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed a motion Monday asking former Merrill Lynch Chief Executive John
Thain to provide more information about bonuses paid out on the eve of the bank 's merger with Bank of America last year .
Cuomo's office alleges that Thain is not answering the questions under instructions from Bank of America , and as a result , the bank is interfering with its investigation of the bonus payments .
In a deposition last week , Thain refused to answer questions about how the bonuses were determined for certain individuals , citing instructions from Bank of America attorneys .
Advertisements
In an interview with regional newspaper editors , President Barack Obama said that he is n’t impressed with the Republican Party ’s strategy of saying no to everything .
Obama said it is easy to say no , but it is much harder to solve problems and govern .
According to the Milwaukee Wisconsin Journal Sentinel Obama said , “ Opposition is always easy .
Saying no to something is easy .
Saying yes to something and figuring out how to solve problems and govern , that ’s hard .
I ’m not impressed by just being able to say no , ” said Obama .
“ I think what will be interesting is the degree to which my Republican colleagues start putting forward an affirmative agenda that ’s not based on ideology but on the very real struggles and pain that people are feeling right now around the country and how do we get this economy back on its feet . ”
The Republicans could stand to learn a lesson from the Democratic position going in to the 2004 election .
When the Democrats were the minority , they thought that they could take back the White House if they disagreed with then President Bush on everything .
In fact , the unofficial slogan of John Kerry ’s presidential campaign seemed to be vote for me , because I ’m not Bush .
The obvious problem with this strategy is that it is shallow .
Advertisements
Even if voters decide that they do n’t care for the incumbent , and they are open to the possibility of change , at some point just saying no is n’t enough .
The minority opposition has to come up with an alternative agenda , which is something that Kerry never did , and the current Republican Party is showing no inclination towards pursing .
The Republicans are giving Obama nothing to worry about so far , because they are in the unenviable position of going against a very popular president .
Obama ’s comments were in essence a challenge to the Republicans .
Obama is saying that if his ideas are wrong , he wants to see what the opposition has to offer .
He can be comfortable in making this challenge because Republicans are likely to offer the same solutions that have lost them the past two elections .
The easiest position in politics is the opposition role .
It is easy to say no , when your opponent is the primary decision maker .
In less than two months , Obama is setting up a situation where he is going to be tough to beat .
He is staying aggressive in challenging his opposition .
Republicans are putting themselves in a position to fail in 2010 , and possibly 2012 as well .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders are planning to scale back the state ’s investment in schools , higher education , public transportation and other programs -- while imposing several temporary tax increases -- to close the $ 42 - billion budget gap projected by the middle of next year .
The bipartisan plan was cobbled together in private talks by legislative leaders and presented to rank - and - file lawmakers Wednesday afternoon , according to participants .
Votes in the Assembly and state Senate are planned as soon as Friday .
It is unclear whether the required two - thirds of legislators will support the proposal .
Senate Leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) called the plan “ a common framework ” for a deal that would balance the state budget for the next 17 months .
Matt David , Schwarzenegger ’s communications director , characterized any remaining issues to be worked out as “ minor . ”
Advertisement
A copy of the fiscal blueprint obtained by The Times shows that the deficit would be wiped out with $ 15 billion in cuts ; $ 14.4 billion in new and increased taxes on sales , vehicles , gasoline and personal income ; $ 12 billion in borrowing against future profits from the lottery ; short - term loans ; and various accounting maneuvers .
Some of the cuts and borrowing could ultimately be offset by billions of dollars in federal aid that California would receive in the economic stimulus package that passed the U.S. Senate this week and is awaiting final approval in Congress .
The fashioning of the budget framework follows months of deadlock in the Capitol .
The governor called lawmakers into emergency session to address a spiraling deficit in November , after state revenues plummeted along with financial markets and it became clear the state could run short of cash .
This month , tax refunds were suspended , along with payments to vendors and some welfare and college grants .
And now much of state government is shutting down two days a month , furloughing most employees without pay .
Advertisement
Under the new budget agreement , cuts to other state services would be deep and long - lasting .
Schools and community colleges , which account for nearly half of all state spending , would lose nearly $ 8 billion .
Only part of that would be backfilled by Washington .
Several state requirements on how schools allocate their money -- including on class size reduction -- would be suspended for several years .
School officials say the plan could lead to the elimination of after - school activities , elective classes such as art and music , classroom supplies and thousands of teaching jobs .
Kevin Gordon , a lobbyist for school districts , said , “ For the first time , people are really going to see tangible negative impacts from cuts . ”
Advertisement
State colleges and universities , where tuition has been steadily rising for years , would lose $ 890 million .
Scheduled cost - of - living increases for public - assistance recipients would be canceled , and mental health and early childhood education programs created by voter - approved ballot initiatives would be cut by over $ 830 million .
The state would cut spending on local public transit by $ 459 million .
Jeff Wagner , a spokesman for the California Transit Assn. , warned that such a big hit could mean fare hikes and service reductions .
Transit agencies , he said , have “ been cut to the bone already . ”
Californians would also take a substantial hit to their wallets .
Advertisement
Vehicle license fees would nearly double , going from the current rate of 0.65 % to 1.15 % of the value of a car or truck .
The sales tax would increase by 1 cent , raising the rate in Los Angeles County to 9.75 % .
Gasoline taxes would increase by 12 cents a gallon .
And residents would pay a new surcharge on personal income taxes , amounting to 2.5 % to 5 % of their total tax bills , depending on how much federal money California gets .
The new and increased taxes would remain in effect for at least two years .
If voters approved constitutional spending restraints that the Legislature would put on the ballot in the coming months as part of the budget package , the taxes would remain in place for five years .
The budget deal was negotiated almost entirely in secret .
Rank - and - file lawmakers still have not seen legislation containing the package of cuts and tax increases their leaders expect them to approve this week .
Lobbyists and other advocates immediately began pressuring lawmakers to resist the plan .
Advertisement
Anthony Wright , executive director of the nonprofit Health Access California , said the spending limits would strangle government healthcare programs .
The cost of providing care to the poor , he said , is likely to grow much faster than state spending would be allowed to under such limits .
“ This is going to devastate healthcare , ” he said .
Public employee unions were also angered by the deal , which eliminates two unspecified state holidays currently allotted to government workers .
Such givebacks are typically negotiated in collective bargaining with the governor .
But in this case , the days off would be taken away without workers being able to negotiate anything in return .
Republican legislative leaders fought for and won a major corporate tax break as part of the spending plan .
It would allow some large companies to change how they compute their state taxes to save potentially millions of dollars over the course of several years .
Instead of being taxed on a formula that factors in how much California property they own , the size of their payroll and their overall sales , they could elect to be taxed on sales only .
Advertisement
Champions of the tax break , projected to deprive state coffers of $ 690 million a year , say it will create jobs because the current tax formula penalizes companies with facilities and workers in the state .
They point to a large facility that the biotech company Genentech says it built in Oregon instead of California for that reason .
Advocates for the poor call the proposal a giveaway .
“ A bunch of states have done this , and it has n’t created any new jobs or any new investment , ” said Lenny Goldberg , executive director of the Sacramento - based California Tax Reform Assn .
“ It just allows companies to avoid paying taxes . ”
Film companies would get tax breaks totaling $ 100 million annually to keep their productions in California , an incentive the movie - star governor has been trying to put in place for years .
Advertisement
The budget blueprint also includes the relaxation of environmental laws on some major highway projects , openings for private companies to take over some public - works construction and a tax credit for new hires -- all demanded by the Republican leaders , Assemblyman Mike Villines of Clovis and Sen .
Dave Cogdill of Modesto , in exchange for supporting the temporary tax hikes .
Pressure on GOP lawmakers to vote against the plan is intense , and it remains unclear whether the proposal will win the three Republican votes required for passage in the Assembly and in the Senate .
Even more Republicans would be needed if the plan did not get the vote of every Democrat in the Legislature .
“ I do not believe there are enough Republican votes in the state Senate to pass the budget at this time , ” said Sen. Sam Aanestad ( R - Grass Valley ) , who said he plans to vote against it .
“ But a lot can change in two days . ”
Cogdill , a participant in the talks , said he had “ negotiated it to the point where I think it does n’t get any better . ”
Advertisement
--
evan.halper@latimes.com
patrick.mcgreevy@ latimes.com
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Bipartisan plan
The blueprint for a state budget deal includes :
TEMPORARY TAX HIKES
Advertisement
* Nearly doubling vehicle license fee
* Raising sales taxes 1 cent
* Raising gasoline taxes 12 cents a gallon
* Surcharge of 2.5 % to 5 % on personal income taxes
Advertisement
PROGRAM CUTS
* $ 8 billion * from public schools , community colleges
* $ 890 million from state colleges , universities
* $ 459 million from public transit
Advertisement
* Some may be offset by federal aid .
Source : Times reporting
Tags
[ An MP3 audio version of this article , read by Floy Lilley , is available as a free download . ]
Dear Dr. Drew Westen ,
I read your commentary this morning , as many have undoubtedly done .
The economy is a very interesting and pressing current affair .
I realize you may receive volumes of email regarding what you have written , so I hope you will consider taking time to read what I have to share .
Although I take issue with virtually all of what you have written in your commentary , please allow me to address a specific portion of your article :
The president needs to tell the American people the story , over and over , of how we got in this mess , who put us in it and what will and wo n't get us out of it .
Franklin Roosevelt had no trouble pinning the nation 's economic difficulties on the Republicans who had fiddled with free - market extremism as the nation 's economy burned , and it took 40 years and the charisma of Ronald Reagan for anyone to put voice to that ideology again .
I interpret this as your granting license to use propaganda to convince the people that free - market capitalism is to blame for the current situation , and that divisive politics should be used to make the case against the market .
Is that your intention ?
If so , I would like to share a few pieces of information with you .
There is ample contrary historical evidence that shows that Hoover and the Republicans were actually quite a bit more involved in the affairs of the economy than supporters of the New Deal realize .
Some of the best evidence I 've come across is America 's Great Depression by Murray N. Rothbard .
If you have not had a chance to read it , I highly recommend it as a fascinating and insightful book .
In this work , Rothbard shows that FDR simply extended policies put in place by Hoover — after running on a platform for decreased spending and less government interference .
Can you imagine that ?
The Democratic candidate ran on a platform of lower taxes and smaller government in order to contrast himself to his predecessor who raised taxes and spent on many programs that were extended into what is today known as the " Roosevelt " New Deal .
Rothbard systematically shows how , contrary to popular historic interpretation , artificially low interest rates and loose monetary policy of the Federal Reserve System fostered the boom of the roaring ' 20s .
He then shows how government interference , combined with an increased burden to the taxpayers , prolonged the Depression during the New Deal era .
$ 22 $ 19 " Many of the facts I learned in school were hardly facts at all . "
I once thought , just as it seems you do , that capitalism was to blame for many terrible things .
But , I 've begun to learn through many hours of reading essays , articles , and books , that things are n't exactly as I had come to accept them .
The freedom to learn from a multitude of viewpoints — including viewpoints in opposition to the government point of view — is a great beauty and benefit of living in our ( nominally ) free society .
It took from me only an inquisitive mind and the time to learn that many of the facts I learned in school were hardly facts at all ; they were selective interpretations of history that were favorable to powerful people .
In light of this , I am issuing a request to you in the name of philosophy .
Would you consider that the truth may be vastly different from what you have come to accept as fact ?
Would you be open - minded enough to consider the economic problem in terms of ultimate rather than proximate causation ?
Some individuals are more isolated than others , but generally we exist ( and coexist ) based on human actions and interaction .
Government 's role in regulating this system of human interactions has grown to enormous proportions .
Because of this , we have had a system operating in America for some time now that cannot even remotely be described as free - market capitalism .
For example , we most certainly would not have the Federal Reserve System if we had free - market capitalism .
We would not be at all concerned over a few hundred million dollars in bonus payouts to AIG employees .
This is because AIG , in a truly free system , would have been regulated by the market straight into insolvency and bankruptcy last fall .
Instead , we have men with fine hats who decided it was morally right to take $ 180 billion in taxpayer funds and give it to AIG to prop it up , even as it flailed about under the weight of its own malinvestments .
Amazingly , those same men with fine hats are now crying in anger and stirring up partisan rhetoric .
At what cause ?
The " greedy capitalists " at AIG decided to give less than 0.1 % of the $ 180 billion to their best and brightest in order to help save the sinking ship .
Should not the new partial owners , the American taxpayers , be happy that AIG is trying not to lose all that bailout money ?
Instead , we get yelling about injustice and corporate greed , even as this was enabled by congressional vote in the first place .
Talk about fiddling while the economy burns .
Does this not strike you as a larger problem than simple greed at AIG ?
Please try to think seriously about what I am saying with the points I 've mentioned here in mind .
In short , I am asking you to consider the possibility that the true problem lay with our Congress , the very people who enabled the payments by permitting the bailout to occur .
Finally , consider our corrupt Federal Reserve System as the ultimate cause of our economic woes .
There exists a vast collection of essays and books dedicated to the ideals of freedom , liberty , property rights , and peaceful interactions .
Most of these works will never have been seen during the course of a state - run education .
( I know this , because I have gone through about as much state - run education as anyone can in one life . )
I suspect you may never have heard of people like Ludwig von Mises , his student Murray Rothbard , or many other scholars of the Austrian School of economics .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , if one takes the time to use it .
An open mind and curiosity are all it takes to shed some new light on the economic matters at hand .
I implore you to consider that you have been misled and are mistaken .
Through your commentary , you provide intellectual cover for a system and structure of power that does not deserve your support .
In fact , the system itself is to blame for the economic problems you are suggesting President Obama can repair .
Sincerely ,
Matt Novak , Ph.D .
As confusing as Tuesday 's results might be for some , if democracy is about expressing the will of the people , then the elections achieved that goal perfectly .
Because the real truth about Israelis and their politics is that the people do n't know what they want .
Some people , like Tzipi Livni , believe an end to Israeli occupation of the West Bank and the creation of an independent Palestinian state are the only ways to preserve Israeli democracy over the long term .
A not insignificant bloc of the Israeli public believes that a Palestinian state will be the beginning of the end of Israel .
About 10 days before polling day , a lobby group calling itself Australian Friends of Gush Katif — one group of 17 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip evacuated following Israel 's disengagement from Gaza — paid for a full - page advertisement on page 3 of The Jerusalem Post .
In black and red text printed over the image of a dove carrying an olive branch were the words " With G - d 's blessing We say NO to a Palestinian State " .
" Voters please note , " the ad continued .
" Only the following parties have made a commitment … that they will vote AGAINST the establishment of a Palestinian State on Jewish soil . "
The four parties listed were an all - star line - up of the extreme Israeli right - wing : Avigdor Lieberman 's Yisrael Beitenu , the religious Zionist Jewish Home party , the National Union party , and Shas , the party of ultra-orthodox Sephardic Jews .
What was most striking about this ad was not its central message of opposition to a Palestinian state , but that it gave the impression that the four parties listed all thought along the same political lines .
In reality , the leaders of those four parties cannot bear each other , and each has radically different dreams for the state of Israel .
Between them , these four parties will control 33 seats in the new Israeli Parliament .
Ruling over a country that is being pulled in such different directions is what awaits the leader of Israel 's next governing coalition .
According to most back - of - the - envelope permutations , that looks like being Netanyahu .
Whether or not he will open the door to Livni's Kadima party , or Ehud Barak 's Labor party , to join a government of national unity , remains unclear .
Judging from the mood of some of his most influential party members , such as former Knesset speaker Reuven Rivlin , it would seem that Netanyahu might be inclined to exclude the more moderate side of Israeli politics .
" First of all , any government will have to be based on the national camp , " thundered Rivlin on election night .
" We need to change the policy of the previous government .
There 's no argument over that . "
When Kimche was at the top of his game as a secret agent inside the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad in 1977 , he was considered a consummate political insider who had grown close to the ruling Labor elite .
Reportedly wary of the new Likud prime minister Menachem Begin , Kimche was concerned that Begin 's tough ideological positions would impede Israel 's relations with its neighbours .
Then Begin delivered the biggest coup of all , peace with Egypt that involved handing back the Sinai Peninsula , proving himself a pragmatist after all .
As Netanyahu prepares his return to the prime minister 's office , the same whispers of doubt are sure to be heard in some corridors of Israeli power .
His return will almost certainly not be greeted with any joy by the Obama Administration either , many of whose key players , including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , will remember what it was like trying to deal with Netanyahu when he was prime minister back in the late 1990s .
Yet despite the criticisms of Netanyahu then , he too flashed a pragmatic streak .
Netanyahu pledged never to even talk to then Palestine Liberation Organisation chairman Yasser Arafat , but ended up signing what was considered at the time to be a major agreement with Arafat at Wye River in 1998 .
Given the complexity and diversity of opinion that exists across the Israeli political spectrum , another Netanyahu - led coalition may yet have the capacity to surprise .
Python is a widely used , general - purpose , high - level back - end programming language that ’s highly valued by startups who need to quickly prototype and develop applications , as well as data - driven companies that need to integrate data analysis and statistical techniques into their workflows .
Its combination of readability , flexibility , and suitability to data science operations have made Python one of the most popular and beloved languages according to developers on Stack Overflow .
In this article , we ’ll explore what sets Python apart from other programming languages , why it ’s popular with data scientists , and what you should look for in a Python engineer .
High - level , readable , and efficient
One of Python ’s defining characteristics is its efficiency .
Every programming language has to balance the programmer ’s time and the machine ’s resources .
Python is biased toward the former , with a guiding philosophy that comes down to “ there should be one — and preferably only one — obvious way to do something . ”
That can mean there ’s a bit of a learning curve as developers learn the ins and outs of Python syntax , but the upside is that developers can do more with fewer lines of code compared to more lower - level implementation languages like Java or C ++.
This efficiency is especially valuable for startups who need to quickly prototype applications and get them to market .
Python is also famous for its code readability , meaning that an application written by a developer in Python is more likely to be intelligible to the developers who have to maintain it months and years down the line .
Beloved by data scientists
Along with R and Java , Python is one of the most popular languages for data science and statistical analysis .
For data scientists , Python combines Java ’s suitability for building high - traffic web applications with R ’s focus on executing complex statistical functions .
Another one of Python ’s strongest assets is its extensive set of libraries .
These libraries can make it easier for developers to perform complex machine learning or statistical analysis tasks without having to rewrite many lines of code .
Some of the most popular libraries include tools for data manipulation and visualization ( NumPy , SciPy , and matplotlib ) , data mining and Natural Language Processing ( Pattern , NLTK ) .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Python is the language of choice for organizations with data - heavy workflows , from YouTube to the New York Stock Exchange to the National Web Service .
Python basics
It ’s object - oriented .
.
It ’s cross-platform , working on Linux , Windows , Mac , and most other operating systems .
Python ’s standard library supports : HTML & XML JSON E- mail processing HTTP
Server libraries , easy for developing servers , and support for FTP , IMAP , and other Internet protocols
It ’s free and supported by an active open - source community .
It ’s often substituted for PHP in the LAMP software stack .
The Python developer ’s toolbox
What should you look for in a Python engineer ?
Experience on large - scale , high - traffic applications is at the top of the list , along with fluency in SQL and database optimization .
Common duties and core skills of Python developers include modular programming , object - oriented programming , and extensive experience with SQL .
A guide to Python web frameworks
Full - stack or microframework ?
One of your main considerations in choosing a framework should be the size and complexity of your project .
If you ’re trying to get a feature - rich web app that will integrate with the rest of your organization ’s systems , then a full - stack option could potentially save your team lots of time and effort .
If , on the other hand , you ’re working on a small , relatively simple project with few requirements , then a microframework might have everything you need .
A related question is how much “ scaffolding ” you need from a framework .
A full - stack option should have just about everything you need to actually build a functioning web app–form generators , templating , access control lists , etc–so your team can assemble the pieces as needed .
This is an attractive option for teams that are trying to get a product together quickly because it allows them to focus on actually building the app and not the stuff that goes around it .
But if you have complex custom requirements or are working with a lot of customized software already , you may not be able to take advantage of all those libraries in the first place .
Full - stack options
There are a bunch of full - stack options when it comes to Python frameworks .
Some prominent examples include TurboGears 2 , Pylons , and Web2 py .
That said , the most popular option , by far , is Django .
Django is the most popular Python framework around , and it ’s easy to understand why .
Thousands of websites are currently using Django , from daily newspapers to social media and sharing sites to major foundations and nonprofits .
Since Django was originally developed for use in the newsroom , it ’s no surprise that major daily publications like the Washington Post and The Guardian rely on it .
Startups like Eventbrite and Disqus have turned to Django to scale quickly , while social media behemoths like Instagram and Pinterest have used it to power their dynamic web apps .
As a framework , Django is known for being fast to build and friendly to beginning programmers .
It ’s a “ batteries included ” framework , meaning it supplies all the critical components you need–template rendering , ORM , authentication , routing , etc .
It ’s also exceedingly well - documented , which is n’t necessarily the case with some other popular frameworks .
By taking care of a lot of decisions , Django can dramatically speed up the time it takes to bootstrap a new project .
What you gain in speed , though , you may lose in long - term flexibility .
For example , Django ’s built - in ORM is considered fine for a majority of cases , but it ’s not as powerful an ORM as SQLAlchemy , which is widely viewed as the best Python database abstraction tool .
While you can theoretically use SQLAlchemy with Django , you ’ll lose a lot of the functionality that makes Django so appealing to begin with .
Web2 py is another popular full - stack framework .
One thing to keep in mind about Web2 py is that it does n’t support Python 3 .
The original developer of Web2py has promised a Python 3 - compatible successor , but as of 2017 it has n’t appeared .
Despite now being nearly a decade behind the latest version of Python , Web2 py is still used by many major organizations , including a number of international banks .
What makes this older framework still appealing for many developers ?
For one , it ’s as easy to learn as Django , but also more flexible and extremely portable .
The same code can run on just about any VPS with a SQL database or MongoDB , whether AWS or Google App Engine .
Web2py is extremely well supported with book - length documentation and a passionate community behind it .
Another neat feature is that Web2 py comes with its own IDE that includes a code editor , debugger , bug ticketing system , one - click deployment , and more .
If your organization is committed to Python 2 for the foreseeable future or you plan to make use of some older Python libraries and software , then Web2 py could suit your needs just fine .
Pyramid is n’t technically a full - stack framework .
It instead bills itself as the “ Goldilocks ” framework , feature - rich without enforcing one way of doing things , lightweight without leaving you on your own as your app grows .
It ’s a favorite framework among many experienced Python developers thanks to its modularity and transparency , and has been used by small teams as well as tech giants like Dropbox , Yelp , SurveyMonkey , and Mozilla .
Practically speaking , nearly all of Pyramid ’s components can be swapped out .
You can choose how you connect to a database , or even what type ( or types ) of databases you want to be able to connect to .
It does n’t enforce certain choices for you the way Django does , and it also discourages the sort of “ magic ” features that handle certain tasks automatically but do n’t always behave in a predictable or desirable manner .
Pyramid is often celebrated for its security system , which makes it easy to set up and check access control lists .
Another point worth calling out is Pyramid ’s Traversal system for mapping URLs to code , which can make building RESTful APIs much easier .
Microframeworks
What if you do n’t need the hand - holding or complexity of a full - stack framework ?
Many modern web apps require lots of moving parts , including database abstraction , form validation , and customized access control lists .
But there are also plenty of web apps that do n’t need any of that .
For those kinds of projects , a microframework may be just what ’s needed .
These ultra- lightweight frameworks are designed to get dead simple web apps up and running as quickly as possible .
Their feature sets are minimal by design–anything functionality you could get by installing another library is deliberately left out .
The plus side of this minimalist approach is that your code can be cleaner and your website faster .
This is at least partly because microframeworks are generally less abstracted than full - stack frameworks .
The code you write will be much closer to actual HTTP functions than with a more beginner - friendly framework .
Flask is probably the most popular microframework for Python , and one of the most popular Python frameworks , period .
Like Django , it ’s designed to get web apps up and running as quickly and painlessly as possible .
Despite its small size , Flask has been used by big companies , including LinkedIn and Pinterest .
However , there ’s a twist , which is that Flask is definitely suited to smaller , simpler projects than Django .
Out of the box , you can expect a development web server , built - in unit testing , and support for Google App Engine .
Now here ’s a taste of what you wo n’t find in vanilla Flask :
There ’s no database abstraction layer , form validation , authentication , or upload handling , though all these features can be added through extensions .
Some of the more common setups include Jinja2 for templating and CouchDB or SQLAlchemy for the database .
Some Python developers prefer Flask to Django because Flask is more “ pythonic , ” in that it mostly sticks to the Python mantra of there being one way to do something and that code should be explicit about what it ’s doing .
If you value clean code and do n’t mind coding closer to the metal , then Flask may be a good option .
Bottle is another popular microframework .
It was originally designed for building web APIs , and that ’s still a good use case for it .
What ’s novel about Bottle is it tries to implement everything in one single file , which should give you an idea of how “ micro ” it ’s designed to be .
Out of the box it comes with routing , templating , utilities , and some basic abstraction over the WSGI standard .
As with Flask , you ’ll be coding much closer to the metal than with a full - stack framework .
Despite its small size , Bottle has been used by the Netflix team to build web interfaces .
Python vs. Ruby
First , the similarities
Both are high - level , server - side scripting languages focusing on simplicity and prioritizing rapid development — getting things done fast , in fewer lines of code .
These scripts eschew verbose code , strict hierarchy , and syntax correctness for more behind - the - scenes , object - oriented logic .
They ’re used by entrepreneurs and startups alike to rapidly whip up web apps and prototypes , thanks to standard libraries , persistence support , and feature - packed frameworks —
Python ’s Django framework , and Ruby ’s Ruby on Rails .
Both are interpreted scripting languages , which means they do n’t require a compiler like Scala or C++ do .
Compiled languages tend to run faster , though .
Rule of thumb ?
What you get in speed of development , you lose in runtime speed .
Now , let ’s dive into their differences , starting with Ruby .
Ruby & the Ruby on Rails framework
Created in 1995 , Ruby is object - oriented to its core , influenced by languages like C++ , Perl , and Java .
Here ’s a look at Ruby , a language that ’s ideal for collaboration , speed , and businesses that want a programming language that thinks as fast as they do .
Preferred for : Web development , functional programming
Philosophy : “ Do more with less . ”
Developer freedom and flexibility , and more than one way to do things — something it inherited from Perl
Why developers love Ruby : Loose and creative coding , frequent updates , freedom and flexibility , and readable code that ’s never confusing
Python & the Django framework
Python is all about efficiency and supporting calculation - heavy applications used in the fields of data and science .
Along with its Django framework , Python enables super fast development .
Preferred for : Academic and scientific programming .
Python has a slew of libraries for data work .
Philosophy : “ One right way to do things ”
Why developers love Python : Stability over change , conservative code , fewer updates
AROUND a quarter of the world 's population speaks just three languages : Mandarin , English and Spanish .
But out of the 6,700 of the world 's identified languages , nearly 2,500 are deemed at risk according to UNESCO , the UN 's cultural body .
The imposition of a colonial language long ago in big countries such as Brazil and America is still endangering the diversity of native tongues .
In America , 53 languages have become extinct since 1950 , more than in any other country .
If you 're an avid reader of this or just about any other horror web - publication , then no doubt you 've heard plenty about the Swedish indie- vampire flick LET THE RIGHT ONE IN - a somber , haunting & beautiful tale directed with finesse by Tomas Alfredson .
In the last year , LET THE RIGHT ONE IN has quickly garnered " cult " like status among genre & movie fans alike .
It managed to top the " best of 2008 " lists for just about every horror website out there , and has become a favorite for the entire ICONS staff here .
So , naturally , we were all rather excited that the film finally was released last week here in the US on both DVD and Blu - Ray .
I personally decided to host a screening of the DVD with a handful of friends that had yet to experience LET THE RIGHT ONE IN .
( Mind you , I 'd already had an advance early screener copy of the movie for months and had seen it twice during it 's limited theatrical run , so it 's safe to say that I knew the film rather intimately .
We were all excited to watch a top quality DVD version though in the comfort of my own home . )
About 20 minutes into the screening , I was absolutely horrified .
The subtitles had been drastically changed since the last time I saw it , and dare I say ... had been completely dumbed down ?
Sure , the basic gist of what the characters were saying was kind of there , but missing completely was the dark humor , subtleties and character nuances which made the movie so powerful and a favorite amongst audiences last year .
I tried to carry on and ignore it , hoping that only a few of the translations were off ... but ... I was wrong .
Just about the intent of every single line of dialogue was completely off and ruined the movie .
It became so frustrating , that I stopped the US DVD , got my original screener copy & we continued by watching that version instead .
I realize now that sadly for everyone else out there , they do n't have this option .
What 's exactly wrong ?
How bad could it be ?
Let me walk you through it with a series of screengrabs from the original screener cut , and the recently released US DVD / Blu- Ray ...
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
This important scene is the first conversation between the main characters Oskar and Eli .
Eli's immediate sarcasm sets up for the type of dark humor you can expect from the rest of the movie .
It 's not meant for " laughs " , but it completely sets up the tone of the overall movie .
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Now look at how that entire above conversation is carried out in the DVD release ...
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS : Eli tells
Oskar that she can't be friends with him , despite just meeting for the first time .
I know I can personally remember how I sarcastically joked with girls from school back when I was 12 ...
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
That easily relatable type of conversation is lost in translation here ...
A few words off make him sound a bit more arrogant here rather then playful ...
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
The character of Haken is Eli's keeper , the one that supplies our pint sized vampire with pint sized plastic cartons of blood !
After failing on his most recent attempt , he very nervously searches for the right words to calm the fury of his master .
He chooses simply " Forgive me . "
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Here ... he just says " Sorry . "
Sure , it may read like he 's saying the same thing , but I assure you , the intent for Haken is to beg for forgiveness , not stupidly say " D'uh ! Sorry ! "
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
This entire conversation introduces us to the other cast of characters in LET THE RIGHT ONE IN .
You get the vibe they come to this diner / pub often , talk politics and news & share a few beers together .
They spot Haken , the " new guy " in town and decide to invite him over .
Read the following :
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Now look at how ALL of the above was summed up for the American DVD release , which ... quite franky does n't make any sense whatsoever :
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS : Lacke tries to politely invite over Haken to join them .
Look at how he asks him in the original translation :
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
And now , the American DVD translation :
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
This is again , subtle .
But the way Eli confesses her age here is in line with all her conversations with Oskar .
It also comes into play again later in the movie :
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Would anyone you know say " 12 about ? "
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
This sweet scene ends with Eli teaching Oskar how to solve a Rubiks Cube .
While she 's explaining , you can tell from the way Oskar stares at her that he 's falling for his new friend ...
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
But why bother holding onto the intent of that scene ?
Instead we get " You have to start here ... then here . "
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
In this important moment , Oskar explains to Eli how the bullies at school will not relent and pick on him constantly .
She tells him to fight back and " Hit back .
Hard . "
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Summed up even quicker here ... and losing all the power of her words .
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS : Oskar teaches Eli how to use Morse Code so they can communicate at night via the wall that separates their apartments .
First word he says to her when they realize it works ?
" SWEET . "
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS : American DVD translations ?
Why bother with a full word .
We get letters that do n't spell anything ...
Well done .
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
Now this is important .
You can already tell there 's something strained about the relationship between Haken and Eli .
He 's failed her before , yet she still tells him he does n't have to go out on her behalf tonight in search of blood .
His response says so much , " What else am I good for ? "
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
Completely lost in this version .
There 's a reason Haken is so devoted to Eli that does n't come across clearly during the first viewing , but does on repeat viewings .
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS :
Haken is attempting to murder a boy to harvest his blood for Eli .
The boy 's friend comes looking for him and breaks up this tense moment with a funny line saying " Come on , man ...
You can jerk off at home . "
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
You 're supposed to break the tension of that scene with that line above , but that 's not what we get below :
ORIGINAL TRANSLATIONS : SPOILER ALERT - Now , in an act of desperation , Haken decides he'd rather sacrifice himself then risk anyone catching Eli .
His last words ?
He calls out her name .
WHICH you can hear him say .
( Eli translates the same in English , folks ... )
US AMERICAN DVD TRANSLATIONS :
The American one pretends to tell us something we did n't already know ... even though we HEAR him calling out her name when this translation comes up ...
I honestly can go on and on and on , but I think you get the point .
How could this have possibly happened ?
The original screener copies carried the correct subtitles .
The proof is above !
Was it someone at Magnolia or Magnet 's fault for this major , major blunder ?
Here 's a theory :
The original screener attributes that the subtitles were done by Ingrid Eng .
( Multiple kudos to Miss Eng for doing an amazing job . )
My guess is that in order to re-use them for the American version of the DVD , Magnolia / MAGNET probably had to pay Ingrid again for her services .
Rather then do that , perhaps they hired someone else to do the translations for real cheap .
And cheap they are !
EPIC FAIL .
I hate to say this because I 've been a huge advocate of this movie from the get - go , but because of my love of this movie , I have to strongly advise against buying the Magnolia / Magnet US DVD or Blu - Ray version of LET THE RIGHT ONE IN , because it is NOT the version of the movie the director would 've wanted you to experience .
Perhaps there 's a good import DVD version of it out there somewhere ?
Or maybe Magnolia can rectify this disasterous mistake and re-issue the DVD again in a year or so .
We 'll keep you posted on this story as we research more ...
In the meantime , read our FRIGHT exclusive interview with LET THE RIGHT ONE IN director TOMAS ALFREDSON :
Directed by Tomas Alfredson from a script by John Ajvide Lindqvist ( based on his original novel of the same name ) , LET THE RIGHT ONE IN stars Kåre Hedebrant , Lina Leandersson , Per Ragner , Henrik Dahl , Karin Bergquist , Peter Carlberg , Ika Nord & Mikael Rahm .
Follow ICONS OF FRIGHT on Twitter : http://twitter.com/IconsofFright
UPDATE : We have an update on Magnolia 's plans for all future pressings of the LET THE RIGHT ONE IN DVD .
Read that HERE !
UPDATE 2 : FRIGHT reader John send along the following exchanges with Magnolia .
* NOTE : There seems to be a ton of confusion over the following .
To clarify , the following is not an " official " statement .
The following is an email that a reader named John wanted me to share with you .
The following is Magnolia 's response to HIM .
I cut and pasted portions of his email to ICONS that led to the slight confusion .
John said his emails with Mongrel were the complete opposite of this one & that they were very receptive .
He was pointing out the difference between how the 2 companies are dealing with their costumers .
Below being the email he got from Magnolia .
Hope that clears up the confusion ...
" Yes the bloggers are having a field day on this one .
Normally they like to pick on the English Dub tracks , but in this case it 's the subtitles .
Obviously online tend to get rowdy and bandwagon mentality without knowing all the details .
The current subtitle track is not altering the context of the film at all , in fact it 's a more literal translation than any prior version of subtitles .
It 's not a defective or faulty subtitle file .
Just more literal and larger in size for the small screen .
Both English and Spanish subtitle files were produced for this dvd release .
Frankly it 's not all that uncommon to have the subs vary from prior releases , typically go unnoticed as subs are purely a translation of film dialogue .
This would n't have been a blip had it not been for one particular horror blog doing a side by side and claiming that they are wrong .
They are not .
We are not doing a recall or anything of that nature , again , these are not defective .
Title came out two weeks ago and general public do n't notice and do n't care - bloggers are well known for jumping on something , making an issue of it and moving on .
We have decided that based on the feedback that we will be making a running change , so that going forward ( once inventories deplete ) , we will be making that subtitle version available .
Options in set up will be ; English Subtitles / English ( theatrical ) Subtitles / Spanish Subtitles " "
Editors note : I 'm quite sure director Tomas Alfredson would disagree with the above .
Delayed allocation and the zero - length file problem
A recent Ubuntu bug has gotten slashdotted , and has started raising a lot of questions about the safety of using ext4 .
I ’ve actually been meaning to blog about this for a week or so , but between a bout of the stomach flu and a huge todo list at work , I simply have n’t had the time .
The essential “ problem ” is that ext4 implements something called delayed allocation .
Delayed allocation is n’t new to Linux ; xfs has had delayed allocation for years .
Pretty much all modern file systems have delayed allocation , according to the Wikipedia Allocate - on - flush article , this includes HFS+ , Reiser4 , and ZFS ; btrfs has this property as well .
Delayed allocation is a major win for performance , both because it allows writes to be streamed more efficiently to disk , and because it can reduce file fragmentation so that later on they can be read more efficiently from disk .
This sounds like a good thing , right ?
It is , except for badly written applications that do n’t use fsync ( ) or fdatasync ( ) .
Application writers had gotten lazy , because ext3 by default has a commit interval of 5 seconds , and and uses a journalling mode called data=ordered .
What does this mean ?
The journalling mode data=ordered means that before the commit takes place , any data blocks are
associated with inodes that are about to be committed in that transaction will be forced out to disk .
This is primarily done for security reasons ; if this is not done ( which would be the case if the disk is mounted with the mount option data=writeback ) , then any newly allocated blocks might still contain previous data belonging to some other file or user , and after a crash , accessing that file might result in a user seeing unitialized data that had previously belonged to another user ( say , their e-mail or their p0rn ) , which would be a Bad Thing from a security perspective .
However , this had the side effect of essentially guaranteeing that anything that had been written was guaranteed to be on disk after 5 seconds .
( This is somewhat modified if you are running on batteries
and have enabled laptop mode , but we ’ll ignore that for the purposes of this discussion . )
Since ext3 became the dominant filesystem for Linux , application writers and users have started depending on this , and so they become shocked and angry when their system locks up and they lose data — even though POSIX never really made any such guarantee .
This become especially noticeable on Ubuntu , which uses many proprietary , binary - only drivers , which caused some Ubuntu systems to become highly unreliable , especially for Alpha releases of Ubuntu Jaunty , with the net result that some Ubuntu users have become used to their machines regularly crashing .
( I use bleeding edge kernels , and I do n’t see the kind of unreliability that apparently at least some Ubuntu users are seeing , which came as quite a surprise to me . )
So what are the solutions to this ?
One thing is that the applications could simply be rewritten to properly use fsync ( ) and fdatasync ( ) .
This is what is required by POSIX , if you want to be sure that data has gotten written to stable storage .
Some folks have resisted this suggestions , on two grounds ; first , that it ’s too hard to fix all of the applications out there , and second , that fsync ( ) is too slow .
This perception that fsync( ) is too slow was most recently caused by a problem with Firefox 3.0 .
As Mike Shaver put it :
On some rather common Linux configurations , especially using the ext3 filesystem in the “ data=ordered ” mode , calling fsync does n’t just flush out the data for the file it ’s called on , but rather on all the buffered data for that filesystem .
Fundamentally , the problem is caused by “ data=ordered ” mode .
This problem can be avoided by mounting the filesystem using “ data=writeback ” or by using a filesystem that supports delayed allocation — such as ext4 .
This is because if you have a small sqllite database which you are fsync ( ) , and in another process you are writing a large 2 megabyte file , the 2 megabyte file wo n’t be be allocated right away , and so the fsync operation will not force the dirty blocks of that 2 megabyte file to disk ; since the blocks have n’t been allocated yet , there is no security issue to worry about with the previous contents of newly allocated blocks if the system were to crash at that point .
Another solution is a set of patches to ext4 that has been queued for 2.6.30 merge window .
These three patches ( with git id ’s bf1b69c0 , f32b730a , and 8411e347 ) will cause a file to have any delayed allocation blocks to be allocated immediately when a file is replaced .
This gets done for files which were truncated using ftruncate ( ) or opened via O_TRUNC when the file is closed , and when a file is renamed on top of an existing file .
This solves the most annoying set of problems where an existing file gets rewritten , and thanks to the delayed allocation semantics , that existing file gets replaced with a zero - length file .
However , it will not solve the problem for newly created files , of course , which would have delayed allocation semantics .
Yet another solution would be to mount ext4 volumes with the nodelalloc mount option .
This will cause a significant performance hit , but apparently some Ubuntu users are happy using proprietary Nvidia drivers , even if it means that when they are done playing World of Goo , quitting the game causes the system to hang and they must hard - reset the system .
For those users , it may be that nodelalloc is the right solution for now — personally , I would consider that kind of system instability to be completely unacceptable , but I guess gamers have very different priorities than I do .
A final solution which might not be that hard to implement would be a new mount option , data=alloc - on - commit .
This would work much like data=ordered , with the additional constraint that all blocks that had delayed allocation would be allocated and forced out to disk before a commit takes place .
This would probably give slightly better performance compared to mounting with nodelalloc , but it shares many of the disadvantages of nodelalloc , including making fsync ( ) to be potentially very slow because it would force all dirty blocks to be forced out to disk once again .
What ’s the best path forward ?
For now , what I would recommend to Ubuntu gamers whose systems crash all the time and who want to use ext4 , to use the nodelalloc mount option .
I have n’t quantified what the performance penalty will be for this mode of operation , but the performance will be better than ext3 , and at least this way they wo n’t have to worry about files getting lost as a result of delayed allocation .
Long term , application writers who are worried about files getting lost on an unclena shutdown really should use fsync .
Modern filesystems are all going to be using delayed allocation , because of its inherent performance benefits , and whether you think the future belongs to ZFS , or btrfs , or XFS , or ext4 — all of these filesystems used delayed allocation .
What do you think ?
Do you think all of these filesystems have gotten things wrong , and delayed allocation is evil ?
Should I try to implement a data=alloc - on - commit mount option for ext4 ?
Should we try to fix applications to properly use fsync ( ) and fdatasync ( ) ?
Is n't It Time for the U.S. to Consider a Secretary of Election Integrity ?
Brad Friedman Byon
11/11/2008 , 5:35 am PT
Guest blogged by Shannyn Moore
ANCHORAGE -
It does n't bother me to have fundamental differences with people .
If it did , I 'd never get out of bed .
The person I most respected growing up , my Pop , was and is a conservative ideologue .
I 'm crazy about him .
Disagreeing with facts is fair and healthy .
Arguing from a place lacking intellectual curiosity is quite another as nothing is learned nor gained .
Since my first post questioning the voter turnout and other anomalies in Alaska 's election , I 've been accused of all sorts of things .
I have been misquoted in the Anchorage Daily News .
They claimed I wrote the election was " stolen . "
I wrote " Stolen Election in Alaska ? "
It was n't the word , it was the punctuation .
But there is good reason to be concerned .
A lawsuit filed in 2006 in State Superior Court to release the Diebold GEMS Software from 2004 revealed the database had been tampered with .
Unfortunately , the user log - in and password were set to the default settings so it was impossible to tell who had edited the software numerous times post election , since all entries were made by " administrator " with password : " password " .
So it 's not too outrageous for anybody to believe it 's important , this time , to pay very close attention to the results of last Tuesday 's election ...
Since Election Day , the votes have been rolling in to the Division of Elections .
They are now reporting 90,635 ballots remaining to be counted ; nearly 29 percent ( 28.8 % ) of the total vote has not been counted yet .
Though closer to the total votes cast in 2004 , the turnout percentage is still down from that election in which neither our own Governor nor Barack Obama were running .
The total ballot count is at 314,268 , with turnout at 63.3 % ( registered voters = 495,731 ) .
Turnout in the 2004 General was 66.6 % , with 314,502 voting and 472,160 registered voters statewide .
If 100 % of the requested mail - out ballots are returned in time to be counted , we can expect about 3600 more .
I 'm proud of the Alaskan mail - in voters .
They really seem to have shown up this year .
All the envelope licking and stamping , well , it 's impressive !
According to the newest numbers from the state , 92 % of those who requested absentee ballots have now returned them !
Fantastic !
You betcha .
I wonder what GOTV worked so well , since the 2004 return rate was dismal by comparison .
A total of 58,559 absentee ballots were mailed to voters and just 32,075 were returned by the deadline in 2004 .
That was a pitiful 52 % .
Hard pressed to figure out why there was such an increase in absentee voter participation this year , while turnout by voters at the polls was so low .
Monday 's newly posted ballots [ PDF ] include about 4,000 additional " Questioned " [ elsewhere known as " provisional " ] ballots and about 5,600 additional Absentee ballots .
Wednesday , the Division of Elections ( DOE ) plans to count the majority of early vote and absentee ballots that were verified by Election Day .
The DOE plans to count the remaining ballots on Friday .
However , there could be enough ballots left after Wednesday 's count for any of the races to still go either way .
A public records request has been submitted to the Division of Elections , as per many of the recommendations laid out by Brad Friedman , for a number of important pieces of information that are required so that citizens of all parties may try to ensure an accurate reconciliation of all votes cast .
All camps ; Ted Stevens and Mark Begich in the Senate race , and Don Young and Ethan Berkowitz in one of the House races with the strangest results , are still at work .
Crunching numbers and refreshing the Alaska Elections website as often as possible .
It feels like 2000 Bush - Gore around here .
On the state - side races , leadership positions are being divvied up and plans going forward for the session in January .
But polling showed huge differences in at least 5 of the state House races , and with 29 % of the votes still UNCOUNTED , it seems prudent to give it some time .
Between the hanging chads in Florida , long lines and lost voters in Ohio , the tampered software in Alaska , and the increasingly long list of all - too - regular election " irregularities , " it 's time for a change .
It 's time for a new cabinet level position .
Why should n't we consider a Secretary of Election Integrity ?
We must find a way to insure the basic right of Americans to vote , to have that vote counted and to have it counted accurately and transparently , so that everyone - all political parties and citizens alike --- can know that it actually meant something .
===
Shannyn Moore is a Native Alaskan and a top rated progressive broadcaster based in Anchorage , Alaska .
Shannyn blogs at ShannynMoore.wordpress.com and Huffington Post .
The Most Balanced Source of Chris Connolly News and Opinion
Connecticut now investigating Coulter for voter fraud RAW STORY
Published : Sunday February 8 , 2009
Print This Email This Update ( at bottom ) : BradBlog obtains complaint filed against Coulter
Ann Coulter is now the subject of a formal probe by Connecticuts Elections Enforcement Commission , moving her closer to being charged with fraud .
The commission is now conducting a " thorough investigation " of whether the prolific conservative pundit broke the law earlier this decade by voting in Connecticut while living in New York City , a spokeswoman for the commission told the New York Daily News .
The media - centric publishing powerhouse voted in Connecticut in 2002 and 2004 , even though she was living in New York City .
In fact , Coulter bought a posh $ 1.49 million condo on the Upper East Side during that period , according to the Daily News .
But Coulter claimed on voting forms that she lived with her parents in Connecticut at the same time , Raw Story reported in January .
Connecticut officials are responding to a formal complaint filed by conservative Coulterwatch.com blogger Dan Borchers .
 For over 10 years , Ann Coulter has gotten away with illegal , immoral and unethical behavior , ranging from plagiarism to defamation , perjury to voter fraud ,  Borchers has claimed .
The bestselling author declined to comment , the Daily News reported .
She doesnt deny living in New York City during the period in question .
Connecticut state staff attorney Theodore Bromley told a private investigator last month that a Connecticut voter must list a residence address in the state where you actually live .
It is not enough to claim a relatives house where you may visit . 
The full complaint against Coulter may be viewed here .
Maysa ' a - Samuni , 19
On Sunday [ 4 January ] , around 9:00 A.M. , soldiers came to the house of my father - in - law , Rashed a - Samuni , which is located next to a concrete engineering company .
We were fourteen people in the house , all of us from a - Samuni family : me , my husband , Tawfiq , 21 , our infant , Jumana , nine months old , my father - in - law , Rashed , 41 , my mother - in - law , Rabab , 38 , and my husband 's brothers , Musa , 19 , Walid , 17 , Halmi , 14 , Zeineb , 12 , Muhammad , 11 , Shaban , 9 , Issa , 7 , Islam , 12 , Israa , 2 .
The soldiers came to the house on foot and knocked on the door .
We opened and then , threatening us with weapons , they forced us to leave the house .
They had bullet - proof vests on and had automatic weapons .
Their faces were painted black .
We left the house .
Walid ran from another door of the house , but the soldiers caught him .
Maysa ' a - Samuni and her baby daughter in a -Shifaa hospital in Gaza City .
Photo : Muhammad Sabah , B'Tselem , 8 Jan. '09 .
The soldiers led us by foot to the house of my father - in - law 's brother , Talal Halmi a - Samuni , 50 , about twenty meters away .
In the house were already about twenty people , and together we were thirty - five .
The soldiers left us , apparently to search my father - in - law 's house .
About an hour later , the soldiers came back and ordered us to go with them to the house of Wail a - Samuni , 40 .
His house is a kind of concrete warehouse , about 200 square meters big , about twenty meters from Talal 's house , where we were .
We reached Wail 's house at 11:00 A.M.
There were already thirty - five people there , so now we were about seventy in total .
We stayed there until the next morning .
We did n't have food or drink .
Around six o'clock in the morning [ Monday , 5 January ] , it was quiet in the area .
One of the men in the family , ' Adnan a - Samuni , 20 , said that he wanted to go and bring his uncle and family so they could be with us .
My father - in law and his nephew , Salah Talal a - Samuni , 30 , and his cousin Muhammad Ibrahim a - Samuni , 27 , were standing at the door of the house and planned on going together to bring them .
The moment they left the house , a missile or shell hit them .
Muhammad was killed on the spot and the others were injured from the shrapnel .
My husband went over to them to help , and then a shell or missile was fired onto the roof of the warehouse .
Based on the intensity of the strike , I think it was a missile from an F - 16 .
When the missile struck , I lay down with my daughter under me .
Everything filled up with smoke and dust , and I heard screams and crying .
After the smoke and dust cleared a bit , I looked around and saw 20 - 30 people who were dead , and about twenty who were wounded .
Some were severely wounded and some lightly .
The persons killed around me were my husband , who was hit in the back , my father - in - law , who was hit in the head and whose brain was on the floor , my mother - in - law Rabab , my father - in - law 's brother Talal , and his wife Rhama Muhammad a - Samuni , 45 , Talal 's son's wife , Maha Muhammad a - Samuni , 19 , and her son , Muhammad Hamli a -Samuni , 5 months , whose whole brain was outside his body .
Razqa Muhammad a - Samuni , 50 , Hanan Khamis a - Samuni , 30 , and Hamdi Majid a - Samuni , 22 .
My husband 's brother , Musa , and I were lightly injured .
Musa was injured in the shoulder and my left hand was injured .
My daughter was injured in the left hand .
Her thumb , second finger , and third finger had been cut off .
I took a kerchief and wrapped her hand to stop the bleeding .
The wounded who lay on the floor cried for help and could n't move .
The small children and my husband 's grandmother , Shifaa a - Samuni , 70 , were crying .
About fifteen minutes after the second strike , Musa said that it would be better to escape and go to the house of his uncle , Assad a - Samuni , about twenty meters away .
We ran and knocked on the gate , but nobody answered .
Musa jumped over the gate and opening it and we went inside .
We were me , my daughter , Musa , and his little sisters Islam , 5 , and Isra , 2 .
There were 40 - 50 soldiers in the house , and more people were gathered in one of the rooms .
There were about thirty people , 7 - 10 of them men .
The men were blindfolded .
One of the soldiers came to me and gave me and my daughter first - aid .
He bandaged our hands and checked our pulse .
Then the soldiers tied Musa and blindfolded him .
The soldiers told us that they would release us and leave only Musa and his uncle ' Emad in case Hamas came .
I understood that they intended to use them as " human shields . "
They ordered us to leave the house , and we walked along the street about 400 - 500 meters until we found an ambulance , which took me and my daughter to a - Shifaa Hospital .
The others from my family continued to walk in the street .
Later , some of them also arrived at the hospital .
As far as I know , the dead and wounded who were under the ruins are still there .
I did n't see that any of them had been brought to the hospital .
Testimony of Maysa ' Fawzi a - Samuni , 19 , married with an infant daughter , homemaker , resident of Gaza City , The testimony was given to Iyad Haddad by telephone on 7 January 2009
In BLONDES I describe how pheromones such as androstenone and hormones such as oxytocin have been found to influence mood and possibly attraction — but the effects are subtle and context - dependent .
Several readers saw the text box in which I mention the DIY - ers who are concocting their own pheromones ( so - called - mones or pheros ) in basement labs , or ordering commercial formulas online , and trying them on in social situations such as on the subway or a first date .
No shock : most of the dabblers are guys .
Some suffer from social anxiety and a gaping suspension of disbelief .
( But insatiable curiosity is always an acceptable excuse . )
Others are women , sometimes lovelorn girlfriends seeking to jumpstart a sputtering sex life or recapture the magic of the first few months of a love affair .
To these idealists , the chemical route to a person ’s heart is more compelling than the psychological .
If only there were really such a thing as a love potion .
“ How do I find these forums ? ” eager readers have asked .
Here are a few links below — some are interesting observations , others analyze sprays and so on .
There ’s no harm in dabbling with dab - ons , I believe .
Make - your - own - mones !
Find - your - own - pheros !
As long as you do n’t take it too seriously .
Many of the pheromones discussed are related to androstenone ( male scent ) and copulins ( female scent ) and the hormone oxytocin .
Wearers experiment to get the right amount and type of chemical that match their own body chemistry .
( The book describes the actual pheromone studies in some detail . )
There is real scientific evidence that sweat - derived chemicals have a moderate effect in some situations .
But these underground Boyles and Curies have their own approach , totally unburdened by the scientific method :
The Pheromone Information Library
In the confusing world of pheromone retailers telling their customers whatever they want to hear to get them to buy their products , the Pheromone Information Library provides unbiased and accurate information written by existing users of pheromones .
Love -Scent Forum
Discussion of pheromones and other topics related to the science of attraction
A few interesting threads :
The pheromone help list ( dosing , technique , experiences , philosophy , etc. )
Sweat the secret to making pheromone sprays work ?
Getting an ex-boyfriend back
Pherotalk
Advice , tips & tricks for chemical DIY - ers as well as good old - fashioned advice on basic interpersonal relations .
Members share their formulaic faves
A few interesting threads :
The Snook ’s big book o’ pheros for rookies
[ Research ] Vagina lovers :
Who can best describe the aroma at its most attractive ?
What works : Intimacy / Long Term Relationships ( & sex , sex / sensual “ enhancers ” )
Kitty ’s Curious Combos ( aka MixMistress )
Basenotes
Discusses pheromones along with commercial fragrances
Drugs -Forum
Drugs - forum strives to be a information hub of high standards and a platform where people can freely discuss recreational drugs in a mature manner .
Oxytocin Forum
Oxytocin is the pair bonding hormone that creates a feeling of trust , bonding and love within mammals .
This forum explores whether it works as a spray .
Not to detract from the fun , but do take all these anecdotes with a healthy dab o’ doubt .
A recent study led by biologist Craig Roberts suggests that , sure , spray - ons work .
Women judged men wearing a special male scent as more attractive .
Funny enough , they also thought the fragrance - wearing men were more attractive when watching them in a video where they could not be smelled .
In still pictures , however , fragrance wearers were no more attractive than men who did n’t wear fragrance .
It turns out it ’s not the chemical that makes men more attractive .
It ’s their mien and bearing — the confidence they got from believing it works .
Then again , maybe they had n’t yet struck that perfect pheromonal chord .
Although an increasing percentage of Americans support legalizing marijuana , studies by various agencies show a country far from descent into reefer madness .
Polls from different research groups show similar percentages of Americans who believe marijuana should be legalized .
A February telephone survey conducted by Rasmussen Reports found 40 percent of participants in favor of legalizing the drug , with 46 percent opposed .
A CBS and New York Times poll conducted in January reported similar numbers , with 41 percent in favor and 52 percent opposed .
But this increasing support for legalization is not accompanied by an increase in use , according to the National Drug Intelligence Center 's 2008 Drug Threat Assessment .
The report states the U.S. demand for marijuana is relatively stable and declining slightly in some areas .
A national study conducted by Partnership for a Drug - Free America in 2008 stated 16 percent of teenagers in grades 7 - 12 reported using marijuana in the past month , down from 24 percent in 1998 .
Although the debate around marijuana legalization often centers on social and health consequences , a California state lawmaker introduced a bill that would make it a matter of economics .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , proposed a bill that would set up a wholesale and retail sales regulation program .
Growers and distributors would have to pay fines of up to $ 5,000 to conduct business , and the state would mandate a tax of $ 50 per ounce on legally sold marijuana .
Ammiano estimated the fees and taxes could generate more than $ 1 billion in state revenue .
Canadian economist Stephen Easton studied marijuana production and use in British Columbia and found taxing marijuana cigarettes could generate more than $ 2 billion .
" The broader social question becomes less whether or not we approve or disapprove of local production , but rather who shall enjoy the spoils , " Easton said in the report , which was released in 2000 .
An MU student who sells marijuana , who asked to remain anonymous for possible legal consequences , said he would personally support legalization , though it would put him out of business as a dealer .
" ( Legalization ) would change my whole life , " the student said .
" I would n't be able to sell weed anymore . "
He also said legalization would cause him to consider selling cocaine to make more money .
" Dealers would only focus on drugs like crack and meth , " the student said .
Evan Groll , Students for Sensible Drug Policy MU chapter president , said he would support legalization but does n't think it would happen in Missouri anytime soon , unless there was a collective push from state officials and grassroots organizations .
Rep. Kate Meiners , D - Kansas
City , proposed a bill that would allow voters to decide in 2010 whether to legalize the drug for medicinal purposes .
The House read the bill Jan. 15 , but it is not on a calendar or scheduled for a hearing .
Mark Pedersen , a medical marijuana patient and activist , said he helped provide patient recommendations for the bill .
Pedersen said he started using cannabis medicinally 11 years ago after he was diagnosed with fibromyalgia with severe migraine headaches .
He said using marijuana reduced the number of migraines he had and helped him with memory loss associated with the disease .
He said he would support full legalization but said the bill is not to promote recreational use .
" Parents need to protect their children from all intoxicants , " Pedersen said .
" But it 's not the job of police and the government to hold back cannabis from patients . "
In 2004 , Columbia voters approved two marijuana - friendly propositions : an initiative that legalized the drug for medicinal purposes and another that reduced possession of small amounts and paraphernalia to a fine - only offense .
This differs from state law , which classifies possession of less than 35 grams of marijuana as a misdemeanor punishable by one year in jail and a fine of up to $ 1,000 .
Distribute widely and attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
Staggering under the crushing burden of two shooting wars in the Middle East , America now finds herself increasingly involved in a third deadly conflict , this one directly south of her border with Mexico .
Nearly eight thousand individuals goodguys ( however you define the term ) , badguys , innocent bystanders have been killed so far .
Reportedly , this third war , although it is said to have begun as a struggle over turf between Mexican drug gangs , is being waged between those gangs and the Mexican government , which stupidly stuck its nose in when the intelligent strategy would have been to simply police the sidelines , in order to minimize potential casualties among uninvolved non-combatants , and let as many violent gangsters kill each other as possible .
Now I suppose you will anticipate who , according to politicians and the press , the great villain is , in all of this .
That 's correct , the good old U.S.A .
Two reasons are offered for this .
( There may be others , but although I fancy myself as sort of a political profiler , I get headaches trying to " think " like a socialist for too long at a time . )
The first reason is that , supposedly , Americans are the biggest drug consumers on the planet .
There may be some truth in this : it becomes more and more difficult , every day , to live inside the mess that the Democrats and Republicans have fashioned for us .
Chemicals do help , indeed ; I prefer tequila , another run -for - the - border import .
The Ragnorak del Sud is over territory in Mexican states that butt up directly against California , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas , making it relatively easy to smuggle drugs into this country over ( or under ) the border .
More recently , it develops that the second reason that the United States is to blame for this war in Mexico between uniformed thugs and non-uniformed thugs , is that we Americans have all these guns , see ?
And left to themselves , whenever the damned evil contrivances are n't spontaneously murdering family members up here , they take it in mind to crawl over the border all by themselves and wind up in the vile hands of poor , innocent gangsters whom they seduce into pulling their triggers .
Never mind that there are no respectable facts that support this contention or anything even remotely like it .
Mexican authorities support it because it makes them look minutely less incompetent and corrupt than everybody on the planet knows they are .
To American politicians it 's nothing more than another socialist lie constructed to justify the eventual seizure of every semiautomatic across the country the very weapons best suited to fulfill the role intended by the authors of the Second Amendment : keeping the government in line .
For what it 's worth , I have never known a time in which Mexicans , who , by long tradition , have even less respect for their government and its wishes than we do for our own , have ever suffered any lack of guns .
Even if the Obamanistas ' claims were true , what about ordinary Mexicans who simply wish to defend themselves and their families and keep them from becoming " collateral damage " ?
Do n't they deserve decent tools ?
However the most important fact continues totally unmentioned in what meager coverage the " embedded media " ( anybody want to guess precisely where they 're embedded ? ) are giving this nasty little war : it could be ended , next week , with little more than the stroke of a pen .
I 'll repeat that for the McCain - Obama voters among my readers : the drug war along the Mexican border could be ended with the stroke of a pen .
With the stroke of a pen .
Remember that the commodities at the heart of this conflict are nothing more than agricultural products , harvested from poppies , coca bushes , and hemp plants .
The only thing that makes heroin , cocaine , and marijuana worth fighting , killing , or even dying over is that their value within the market system has been artificially inflated by governments .
Thanks to government , each stage in the production , processing , transportation , distribution , sales , possession , and eventual consumption of drugs is attended by a severe risk of being beaten up , kidnapped , or killed , by government employees , or by the industry 's competition .
Increased risks , thanks to government , invariably mean increased prices .
Loss of product to confiscation or hijacking alone increases the street value of whatever product remains available .
That 's why it 's so damned stupid to listen to the drug police brag about the way that their actions have raised the street value of drugs .
All these self - congratulators have accomplished , in fact , is to increase the incentive for other entrepreneurial risk - takers to come take up the slack .
Outlaw coffee , and it would cost a hundred dollars a cup .
On the other hand , make drugs as legal as sugar or salt and they'd be worth only pennies per " serving " , removing most of the incentive to produce , process , transport , or sell them .
Synthetic drugs would be unable to compete with the natural product .
Gangs and governments alike would find themselves fighting over stuff worth one percent of what it is now .
Naturally , it would require an act of Congress ( literally ) to make a cure permanent , but an Executive Order would do the job quickly and neatly :
For the duration of the emergency represented by the violent and deadly shooting war along the American border with Mexico , all drug prohibition within the United States and its territories is hereby terminated .
There will be resistance .
This is a government , after all , willing to poison individuals who drink untaxed alcohol .
It is a government willing to shoot down a commercial airliner in the hands of hijackers , killing hundreds of innocent passengers , rather than allow them to carry the means of preventing that hijacking in the first place .
It is a government willing to see a woman raped in an alley and strangled with her own pantyhose , rather than see that woman with a gun in her hand .
Likewise , there is a whole drug prohibition industry employing thousands .
What would these he - men do without their automatic weapons , bullet - proof clothing , shiny jackboots , Nazi helmets , and goggles ?
There are a dozen bureaucrats for each man in the field .
Add to that a legion of corrupt cops , prosecutors , and judges who would be out of pocket .
In addition , of course , politicians loathe solved problems because solved problems offer no opportunity for them to acquire more power and wealth .
Solved problems threaten a politician 's job security , by causing constituents to begin to wonder what the hell they need him for .
Many observers believe that drug prohibition began as sop , from corrupt politicians , to gangsters , to compensate them for the 1932 relegalization of alcohol .
Deprived of their main source of income , drug gangs will likely resort to prostitution which could be legalized out from under them and so - called " express kidnappings " , easily preventable by removing every vestige of gun control from our culture .
Robert LeFevre used to tell students that government is a disease masquerading as its own cure .
Never was that more true than with this drug war on our border .
I 'm grateful to my new friend Bill Buppert for pointing out in his recent article " The Evil That Men Do : Willful Submission To Illegitimate Authority " on LewRockwell.com *that what we have here is a problem , the Mexican drug war , originally caused by government drug prohibition , that the government is now threatening to " solve " by imposing yet another prohibition , on our sport - utility rifles .
And what will the unintended consequences of that be ?
Tags
In the Wall Street Journal of March 5 , 2009 , Daniel Henninger asks " Has Obama Buried Reagan ? "
While much of the current debate has focused around stimulus and the current crisis , Henninger argues that the correct response to the misguided stimulus and the budget proposal that increases ( estimates are based on a very rosy forecast of economic growth ) the measured size of the federal government relative to GDP from 20 % in 2007 to 27.7 % for fiscal 2009 to 24.1 % for 2010 , and then remaining higher than 22 % for nearly a decade , is to " relearn the core idea … handed down … by Ronald Reagan .
That idea was economic growth . "
A return to long - run thinking based on sound economic principles and the fundamentals of classical liberalism is long overdue .
While much of the rhetoric defending and supporting the stimulus bill has given the appearance that the " Democrats are willing to bet the entire US economy on a 1931 theory known as the Keynesian multiplier , " the crisis has really given cover for a sweeping agenda to drastically enhance and grow the role of government , especially the federal government .
Recessions come and go .
The consequences can be temporarily tragic , especially for those on the margins of the economy , but recession is also the corrective phase that lays the foundation for a return to sustainable growth .
Assuming current interventions and policy mistakes ( stimulus ) do not rise to the 1929 –1939 levels , the current recession may be a typical recession with a 1 – 3 % decline in real GDP for 6 to 18 months , followed by a return to healthy growth .
These costs are insignificant compared to the impact of policies that retard growth for decades .
Based on the best theory and supported by historical evidence , it must be recognized that drastic change to the heart and core of the US economy — embedded in legislation already passed or moving through Congress — is clearly growth retarding .
First let 's see what theory says about growth .
Henninger 's suggestion that those seeking to articulate and defend a growth agenda should turn to Hazlitt 's Economics in One Lesson or Friedman 's Free to Choose is acceptable .
However , Ludwig von Mises has provided an even better starting point for generating a " free and prosperous commonwealth . "
It is Liberalism : A Socio -Economic Exposition .
The book is a blueprint for and a defense of a social order based on voluntary social cooperation through a free market where the " sphere of the conduct of the affairs of state " is a " system of representative " but limited government .
Mises believed that government had a key but limited role in his free and prosperous commonwealth .
In Economic Policy : Thought for Today and Tomorrow , Mises argued that in this limited role , government " ought to do all the things for which it is needed and for which it was established . "
Government ought to protect the individuals within the country against the violent and fraudulent attacks of gangsters , and it should defend the country against foreign enemies .
These are the functions of government within a free system , within the system of the market economy .
( p. 37 )
While a federal government that consumes 20 % of GDP ( as ours did in 2007 ) is highly interventionist and far from the Misesian ideal , the significant expansion envisioned by the current administration moves the country closer to the boundary of socialism where , despite a democratic foundation , the government becomes totalitarian : " nothing is outside its sphere and jurisdiction . "
What does history tell us about the likely consequences of this budgetary and regulatory expansion , which includes significant nonbudgeted costs to business and the private sector ?
Two studies from the late 1990s are informative .
In a 1998 Cato Journal paper ( vol. 18 , no. 2 , pp. 163–190 ) , Gwartney , Holcombe , and Lawson examine " The Scope of Government and the Wealth of Nations . "
Also in 1998 , Richard K. Vedder and Lowell E. Gallaway prepared a report for the Joint Economic Committee , then chaired by Jim Saxton , titled " Government Size and Economic Growth . "
Both studies begin with the idea that some government is necessary .
A limited - range provision of services by government and even expansion of these services may enhance economic growth .
Vedder and Gallaway adopt a framework around a concept called the " Armey Curve . "
Output will be low and growth very limited in the absence of a system of rule of law and protection from external predators .
Output may be low and growth nonexistent where government monopolizes the allocation of resources and other economic decisions .
Per the argument , the provision of limited and proper government services at first enhances economic growth and development under conditions of diminishing returns .
Further expansion of government , enhanced by expansion into things government cannot do well , leads to negative returns — government reduces growth or growth potential .
Gwartney et al. make a similar argument , again consistent with Mises , using the concept of core functions of government .
Their core is limited , but slightly broader than Mises 's ; it includes , in addition to Mises 's protection from plunder and fraud , a " provision of a limited set of goods that for various reasons markets may find it difficult to provide . "
Following their analysis , provision of core functions of government enhances growth , while expansion of government beyond the core eventually retards growth .
What conclusions can we draw from these studies about growth prospects for the future of the US economy ?
Gwartney et al. conclude , " [t ] he findings of this paper show a strong and persistent negative relationship between government expenditures and growth of GDP , both for the developed countries of the OECD and for a larger set of 60 nations around the world . "
They add that " increases in the size of government have slowed economic growth .
More rapid growth is possible , but higher potential growth can only be achieved if we are willing to reduce the relative size of government . "
Their results suggest growth in government expenditures relative to GDP of 10 % reduces the growth rate of GDP by about 1 % .
Gallaway and Vedder come to very similar conclusions .
In a study based on US historical data on federal spending as a percent of GDP , they find that the " Armey Curve " peaks when federal spending equals about 17.45 % of GDP .
Based on their study , every 1 % increase of the spending - to - GDP ratio beyond this point , by my calculation , results in a 0.375 % decrease in the growth rate of GDP .
Besides the enormous debt burden the current deficit - financed expansion of government imposes on our grandchildren , what is the potential impact on future living standards ?
According to the March 5 , 2009 , Wall Street Journal , the budget assumes the recession is mild and ends this year with a decline in real GDP of 1.2 % .
Growth resumes at 3.2 % for 2010 and is cooking at 4 % by 2010 –2013 .
Currently we have a nearly 14.3 trillion dollar economy .
If the economy actually grew at 4 % on average for a ten - year period , GDP would be $ 21.15 trillion in constant dollars .
But , even estimating on the low side , federal spending will be increased from 20 % to 22 % of GDP ; this would reduce the average growth rate by 0.75 .
Growth would be not 4 % but 3.25 % , resulting in a GDP of not $ 21.15 trillion but only $ 19.68 trillion — or an almost 6.9 % decrease over what growth would have been if federal outlays had remained at 20 % .
Over the same period , our population of approximately 306 million people is expected to grow to approximately 334 million based on 0.9 % projected growth rate .
This would represent a decline in real per capita GDP of approximately $ 4,400 in just the tenth year alone .
The Wall Street Journal predicts ( and as any reasonable person would expect , based on past expansions of government ) that the cost per person in lost welfare could be significantly more .
The cost in lost freedom may be immeasurable .
Even if the current stimulus and budget proposal have short - term benefits in terms of measured GDP , the results will be temporary .
And , by these estimates , they would come at a significant long - run cost to the economy .
This estimate of lost welfare is most likely significantly on the low side .
The current recession is beginning its fifteenth month , one month less than the 1981 –1982 recession and with less significant job loss to date .
There has also been less significant job loss than during the 1973 –1975 recession , which also lasted 16 months .
As pointed out in the Wall Street Journal " Review and Outlook " of March 6 , 2009 , " Recessions do n't last forever , but bad policies can prolong the pain . "
While the current interventions and policy mistakes ( stimulus ) aimed at easing the pain of the recession and stimulating recovery have not as yet risen to the 1929 –1939 levels , the plan has little in it to encourage private - sector recovery .
Recovery and growth are impeded , not stimulated , by the threat of less competitive labor markets , regulatory uncertainty , cap - and - trade energy policy , the threat of increased protectionism , certain higher tax burdens in the future , especially on capital income , and the use of the tax system explicitly for purposes of redistribution of income .
The threat of massive inflation is real and significant .
Economic responses to past policy shifts that are similar in nature are not encouraging .
The Great Society of Lyndon Johnson in the 1960s brought us the stagnation and inflation of the 1970s and early 1980s .
Japan endured a decade - long slump .
And , as Michael Boskin reminds us in " Obama 's Radicalism is Killing the Dow " ( Wall Street Journal , March 6 , 2009 ) , " On the growth effects of a large expansion of government , the European social welfare states present a window on our potential future : standards of living permanently 30 % lower than ours . "
The correct road to recovery is the path to a " free and prosperous commonwealth . "
Such a path would include a return to sound money , competitive markets , and the rule of law with a total level of government spending and tax burden that , as suggested by Gwartney et al. , is no more than 15 % of GDP .
Mises would most likely go even lower .
As Adam Smith put it many years ago in a 1755 paper ,
Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism , but peace , easy taxes , and a tolerable administration of justice ; all the rest being brought about the natural course of things .
All governments which thwart this natural course , which force things into another channel or which endeavor to arrest the progress of society at a particular point , are unnatural , and to support themselves are obliged to be oppressive and tyrannical .
We owe our children and grandchildren better .
We owe them a free and prosperous commonwealth .
History and theory show us the way to achieve both .
NEW YORK , March 31 ( Reuters Life ! ) - Chicago has come top of a global list of 29 cities where men would most like to live , boosted by Barack Obama ’s presidential victory .
The inaugural list by men ’s website AskMen.com put Chicago on top when comparing eight rating categories -- 2009 livability , sports and entertainment , culture , fashion , sex and dating , health , power and money and the good life .
Ratings took into account a list of factors including the rate of unemployment , income growth , ratios of single women to men , the cost of a pint of beer and the rate of male heart disease .
An initial list of 60 was cut to 29 , led by Chicago .
“ Chicago in recent years has really emerged as a favorite city among men due to its good neighborhood scene , a beautiful lake and backdrop , and the balance between fine arts and sport , ” said AskMen.com ’s editor - in - chief James Bassil .
“ The city also now has a renewed sense of civil pride because of Obama and its association with him and they are also having a great sports year .
The city is at an intersection of all these positive things . ”
Bassil said the recession may have had a negative impact on some of the cities on the list , such as London , New York and Paris , but they were still among the favored cities , coming fourth , sixth and tenth respectively .
Barcelona took second place in the list having always been high in the popularity stakes due its food and beaches while San Francisco came third , praised for its vibrant restaurant scene , arts festivals and continuing urban development .
“ But then you see dark horses like Santiago and Panama City in the list too as there the cost of living is low and there is cool development and suddenly they are appropriate places to live in 2009 , ” said Bassil .
Rounding out the top 10 were Sydney , Berlin , Hong Kong , and Copenhagen .
Other to make the list , in numerical order , were Vancouver ( 11 ) , Rome , Buenos Aires , Tokyo , Toronto , Miami , Madrid , Vienna , Los Angeles , Montreal , Panama City , Portland , Lyon , Melbourne , Tel Aviv , Santiago , Cape Town , Hamburg and Edinburgh .
The US Department of Energy had previously allocated $ 25 billion in funds to be given as low cost loans to companies that would use it to develop advanced technology vehicles .
The program was funded in late 2008 by the Bush administration , and the deadline for applications was set at December 31 2008 .
The program was legislated as a part of the 2008 $ 787 billion Wall Street Bailout .
An initial pool of 75 applicants requesting a total of $ 38 billion was whittled down to 25 current applications .
Included among them are General Motors asking for $ 8.3 billion to help it build the Volt and other electric cars and Ford and Chrysler each asking for $ 5 billion for their electric car programs .
Furthermore , startup Tesla Motors has asked for $ 350 million , and US battery makers EnerDel and A123 Systems are asking for $ 480 million and $ 1.2 billion respectively .
President Obama recently announced an additional $ 2 billion would be added to the coffer for advanced battery development for use in automobiles .
All this and well and good but where is the money ?
It turns out there are 12 full and part time employees whose job is to figure out who should get these moneys , and are tasked with poring through complicated applications sometimes more than 1000 pages long .
Also GM and Chrysler still have to prove they are first viable in order to qualify , the deadline for which is as least March 31st .
Despite the plethora of corporate execs and politicians breathing down his neck for the money , Lachlan Seward , director of the program is taking a measured approach .
" We 're moving with a sense of urgency , " he said " But at the same time we are trying to do this in a responsible way that reflects prudent credit policy and taxpayer protections . "
Source ( IHT )
At least one squad of the joint Taliban - al Qaeda Shadow Army operating in Swat .
Al Qaeda has reorganized its notorious paramilitary formations that were devastated during the US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 .
Al Qaeda has reestablished the predominantly Arab and Asian paramilitary formation that was formerly known as Brigade 055 into a larger , more effective fighting unit known as the Lashkar al Zil , or Shadow Army , a senior US intelligence official told The Long War Journal .
The Shadow Army is active primarily in Pakistan ’s tribal areas , the Northwest Frontier Province , and in eastern and southern Afghanistan , several US military and intelligence officials told The Long War Journal on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the subject .
The paramilitary force is well trained and equipped , and has successfully defeated the Pakistani Army in multiple engagements .
Inside Pakistan , the Shadow Army has been active in successful Taliban campaigns in North and South Waziristan , Bajaur , Peshawar , Khyber , and Swat .
In Afghanistan , the Shadow Army has conducted operations against Coalition and Afghan forces in Kunar , Nuristan , Nangahar , Kabul , Logar , Wardak , Khost , Paktika , Paktia , Zabul , Ghazni , and Kandahar provinces .
“ The Shadow Army has been instrumental in the Taliban ’s consolidation of power in Pakistan ’s tribal areas and in the Northwest Frontier Province , ” a senior intelligence official said .
“ They are also behind the Taliban ’s successes in eastern and southern Afghanistan .
They are helping to pinch Kabul . ”
Afghan and Pakistan - based Taliban forces have integrated elements of their forces into the Shadow Army , “ especially the Tehrik - e - Taliban and Haqqani Network , ” a senior US military intelligence official said .
“ It is considered a status symbol ” for groups to be a part of the Shadow Army .
The Tehrik - e - Taliban is the Pakistani Taliban movement led by Baitullah Mehsud , the South Waziristan leader who has defeated Pakistani Army forces in conventional battles .
The Haqqani Network straddles the Afghan - Pakistani border and has been behind some of the most high - profile attacks in Afghanistan .
The Shadow Army ’s effectiveness has placed the group in the crosshairs of the covert US air campaign in Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
In October 2008 , the US killed Khalid Habib al Shami , the leader of the Shadow Army , in a strike on a compound in North Waziristan .
A look at the Shadow Army
The presence of the Shadow Army has been evident for some time , as there have been numerous reports of joint operations between the Taliban , al Qaeda , the Haqqani Network , Hizb - i - Islami , Lashkar - e - Taiba , Harkat - ul - Jihad Islami , and other terror groups .
In January 2008 , The Long War Journal noted that the various terror groups were cycling through the numerous camps in the tribal areas and have organized under a military structure .
While the Shadow Army has been active , there has been little visual evidence of its existence until now .
The Long War Journal has obtained a photograph of a unit from the Shadow Army operating in Pakistan ’s Taliban - controlled district of Swat .
The photograph was taken some time in January of this year .
It shows what appears to be either a reinforced squad or two squads of foot soldiers .
Fourteen fighters are in view , and others appear to be in the far background .
All of the fighters are wearing masks , new clothes , sneakers , and web gear .
One fighter is wearing a Camelbak .
The weapons are uniform ; six AK - 47s and one RPG are in view .
A look at the clothing of the fighters gives a good indication of the identity of the fighters , an expert on al Qaeda told The Long War Journal .
The length of the pants of pictured fighters is described as being at “ al Qaeda height ” — meaning only al Qaeda and allied “ Wahhabi / Salafi - jihadis ” wear their pant legs this high .
“ The extremists who follow al Qaeda ’s religious beliefs think that pants must be at least six inches above the ground because there ’s a hadith [ a saying of the Prophet Mohammed ] that says clothes that touch the ground are a sign of pride and vanity , ” the expert said .
“ This , along with the new dyeing of men ’s beards red or yellow is a sure sign of al Qaeda - ization . ”
The type of masks worn and the tennis shoes are also strong indicators that these fighters “ are non-Afghan fighters , ” an expert on the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan said .
“ Those types of masks I have seen , and they are always on the Pakistani side of the border , ” the expert said .
“ The tennis shoes and socks are a big indicator that they are non-Afghan fighters , probably Pakistanis or Arab / Central Asian fighters . ”
Military Organization of the Shadow Army
The Shadow Army is organized under a military structure , a US military intelligence officer familiar with the situation in northwestern Pakistan informed The Long War Journal .
There are units analogous to battalion , brigade , and division formations found in Western armies .
The military organization has a clear - cut command structure with established ranks .
A senior al Qaeda military leader is placed in command of the Shadow Army , while experienced officers are put in command of the brigades and subordinate battalions and companies .
The re-formed Brigade 055 is but one of an estimated three to four brigades in the Shadow Army .
Several other Arab brigades have been formed , some consisting of former members of Saddam Hussein ’s Republican Guards as well as Iraqis , Saudis , Yemenis , Egyptians , North Africans , and others .
During the reign of the Taliban in Afghanistan prior to the US invasion in 2001 , the 055 Brigade served as “ the shock troops of the Taliban and functioned as an integral part of the latter ’s military apparatus , ” al Qaeda expert Rohan Gunaratna wrote in Inside al Qaeda .
At its peak in 2001 , the 055 Brigade had an estimated 2,000 soldiers and officers in the ranks .
The brigade was comprised of Arabs , Central Asians , and South Asians , as well as Chechens , Bosnians , and Uighurs from Western China .
The 055 Brigade has “ completely reformed and is surpassing pre-2001 standards , ” an official said .
The other brigades are also considered well trained .
One official said the mixing of the various Taliban and al Qaeda units has made distinctions between the groups somewhat meaningless .
“ The line between the Taliban and al Qaeda is increasingly blurred , especially from a command and control perspective , ” the official said .
“ Are Faqir Mohammed , Baitullah Mehsud , Hakeemullah Mehsud , Ilyas Kashmiri , Siraj Haqqani , and all the rest ‘ al Qaeda ’ ? ” the official asked , listing senior Taliban commanders in Pakistan that operate closely with al Qaeda .
“ Probably not in the sense that they maintain their own independent organizations , but the alliance is essentially indistinguishable at this point except at a very abstract level . ”
The Taliban have begun an ideological conversion to Wahhabism , the radical form of Sunni Islam practiced by al Qaeda .
“ The radicalization of the Taliban and their conversion away from Deobandism to Wahhabism under Sheikh Issa al Masri and other al Qaeda leaders is a clear sign of the al Qaeda ’s preeminence , ” the official noted .
Sheikh Issa is the spiritual adviser for Egyptian Islamic Jihad , Ayman al Zawahiri ’s organization that merged into al Qaeda , and the leader of al Jihad fi Waziristan , an al Qaeda branch in North Waziristan .
The establishment of the joint Taliban and al Qaeda military formations under the overall command of the Shadow Army has been facilitated by the proliferation of terror training camps in the tribal areas and the Northwest Frontier Province .
In the summer of 2008 , senior US intelligence officials told The Long War Journal that more than 150 camps and more than 400 support locations were in operation in Northwestern Pakistan .
Most of the camps are considered “ transient ” in nature , an official said .
Trainers and recruits may gather in villages and meet to conduct training in the vast mountains and valleys in Pakistan ’s northwest .
As of last summer , an estimated 25 to 40 of the camps were considered permanent .
These camps have various functions , and not all of them are used to train the Shadow Army .
Some of the camps are used to indoctrinate and train suicide bombers for attacks in Pakistan , Afghanistan , India , and the West .
Some of the camps are devoted to training the various Kashmiri terror groups who have flocked to the tribal areas and are also integrating with the terror alliance .
One of these camps serves as a training ground for the Black Guard , the elite bodyguard for Osama bin Laden , Ayman al Zawahiri , and other senior al Qaeda leaders .
Click map for full view .
Taliban presence , by district and tribal agency , the Northwest Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Agencies .
Information on Taliban presence obtained from open source and derived by The Long War Journal based on the presence of Taliban shadow governments , levels of fighting , and reports from the region .
Map created by Bill Raymond for The Long War Journal .
An effective fighting force
The Shadow Army has distinguished itself during multiple battles over the past several years , particularly in Pakistan ’s tribal areas and in the Northwest Frontier Province .
Taliban forces under the command of Baitullah Mehsud defeated the Pakistani Army in South Waziristan during fighting in 2005 - 2006 , and again fended off the Pakistani Army in 2008 after fighting pitched battles and overrunning a series of forts .
In Swat , the Pakistani military was twice defeated by forces under the command of Mullah Fazlullah during 2007 and 2008 .
Earlier this year , the military launched its third attempt to secure Swat , which has been solidly under the control of the Taliban .
The most recent operation was initiated after Fazlullah issued an amnesty to certain government officials and called for others to be tried in a sharia court .
The military regained control of a small region last week , but fighting has been heavy .
A few days ago , Taliban forces overran a police station and captured 30 members of the police and paramilitary Frontier Corps .
In Bajaur , the hidden hand of the Shadow Army has been seen in multiple reports from the region .
Taliban forces dug a series of sophisticated trench and tunnel networks as well as bunkers and pillboxes .
The Pakistani military took more than a month to clear a six - mile stretch of road in the Loisam region .
Pakistani military officials also said the Taliban “ have good weaponry and a better communication system ( than ours ) . ”
“ Even the sniper rifles they use are better than some of ours , ” the Pakistani official told Dawn “ Their tactics are mind - boggling and they have defenses that would take us days to build .
It does not look as though we are fighting a rag - tag militia ; they are fighting like an organized force . ”
Taliban forces have also conducted battalion - sized operations in Hangu .
In July 2008 , a Taliban unit laid siege to a police station and a fort in Hangu .
The fort was abandoned by the Frontier Corps and the Taliban destroyed it .
The Shadow Army has had some recent successes in Afghanistan over the past year .
In July 2008 , the unit made up of al Qaeda , the Taliban , Lashkar - e - Taiba , and Hizb - e - Islami joined forces and conducted a complex assault on a US outpost in Wanat in Nuristan province .
The attack was repelled after the force nearly overran the base .
Nine US soldiers were killed in the assault , the largest loss by US forces in a single engagement in Afghanistan to date .
Another engagement in the Surobi region in Kabul province was likely the work of the Shadow Army .
A force ambushed a French military convoy in a valley just outside of the capital and pinned down the unit for hours .
Ten French soldiers were killed , and the Taliban was able to seize French weapons abandoned on the battlefield .
The effectiveness of the Shadow Army can be seen in a video taken by an Al Jazeera reporter during an operation in Loisam in the Bajaur tribal agency in the fall of 2008 [ see video below ] .
The Taliban forces drive off a battalion - sized assault from regular Pakistani Army troops that are supported by at least a platoon of tanks .
The Pakistani tanks are seen racing away from the fighting , and the Pakistani infantry moving in behind them does the same after taking fire .
The reporter describes the Pakistani tank commander as “ quite shaken . ”
The tank commander calls for airstrikes to take out the Taliban positions , but the infantry and tanks go into full retreat and return to base after the Taliban counterattacks .
The Pakistani unit involved in the fighting was the 63rd Battalion of the Frontier Force Regiment .
This is a regular Army unit , not part of the paramilitary Frontier Corps .
The 63rd was deployed to Somalia during the peacekeeping mission in the 1990s .
More than 8,000 Pakistan troops were deployed in the Loisam region to clear the Taliban and al Qaeda forces , but only took the village after leveling the town .
The Pakistani retreat sent a chill up the spine of a US Army officer who was shown the video .
“ Clearly the Pakistani forces lack discipline and morale , but even with these problems the combined armor and infantry attack , backed by air support , should have gone better , ” the officer said .
“ Those troops have obviously met stiff resistance , ” the Army officer continued .
“ You just watched a full battalion , supported by tanks , break contact after an attack by a supposedly undisciplined , ‘ rag - tag ’ force of Taliban fighters .
For the Taliban to drive off that unit , it has to be organized , disciplined , well - armed , and competent . ”
A Pakistani battalion retreats from a Taliban counterattack .
Video from Al Jazeera English .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
In Colombia , everyone seems to know someone who has been affected by the recent collapse of bogus pyramid investment schemes .
An estimated 4 million Colombians , from the political elite , members of the armed forces , to small businessmen and the poor invested in pyramid scams .
Some have lost their life savings .
The biggest pyramid company , DMG Group Holdings , boosted high - profile investors , including local celebrities and offered its customers too - good - to - be - true interest rates of up to 200 percent .
The government eventually closed down DMG in November , sparking widespread protests among investors who looted its offices in a desperate attempt to withdraw their savings .
Local mayors , taken by surprise , issued curfews to stem civil unrest .
So far , the Colombian economy has weathered the global recession relatively well in comparison to other countries in the region , such as Argentina and Mexico .
But the collapse of dozens of pyramid schemes has led to the country ’s very own financial crisis .
Local councils who invested in pyramid companies have seen their budgets shrink overnight and social projects put on hold .
In the past , President Uribe has been able to masterfully distance himself from the deluge of scandals that have confronted his government during his six years in power , from the so - called “ para - politics ” affair , which links lawmakers to illegal right - wing paramilitary groups , to human - rights abuses committed by the military .
But this scandal is different .
The majority of DMG victims say the President is to blame .
They say he failed to take action earlier and close down rogue pyramid companies .
Journalists and judicial officials raised the alarm about pyramid schemes mushrooming across the country and their alleged links with drug money laundering two years ago .
The affair has led many to question the Uribe government ’s competence and attention to financial oversight , and revealed long - running tensions between the President and attorney general ’s office .
During the height of protests in early November , in an unprecedented move , Uribe gave two television addresses within a week .
In a rare admission of failure , he acknowledged that the government had not acted in time and tried to reassure investors that they would be compensated for their losses , estimated to be around $ 1 billion .
How this is possible , though , is unclear .
The DMG scandal appears to have brought irrecoverable damage to Uribe ’s standing and continues to bring ramifications .
David Murcia , the 28 - year - old mastermind behind DMG , cultivated a cult - like following and promised the poor he would lift them out of poverty .
He is now in jail and is starting to inform on politicians and state officials , who he alleges accepted bribes that allowed his multi-million dollar empire to flourish in Colombia and Panama .
The political fallout for Uribe is already apparent .
Uribe has consistently basked in high approval ratings ( around 70 percent ) throughout his tenure , but recent opinion polls show his popularity slipping to around 50 percent .
The Uribe coalition , which has been pushing for constitutional reform that would allow the president to run for a third consecutive term , is fracturing .
Confidence in the Uribe government is waning and the DMG affair is playing a role in damaging Uribe ’s prospects , should he decide to run , for re-election in 2010 .
The DMG affair has also renewed the age - old debate about the lack of access to the country ’s banking system among the poor and small businesses , who are deterred by low interest rates and extortionate fees charged by local banks .
The scandal has also led to soul searching among Colombians about the country ’s so - called ‘ get rich quick ’ culture stemming from its cocaine trade .
One office cleaner told me : “ Just because I ’m poor it does n’t mean I ’m gullible .
I ca n’t believe so many people allowed themselves to be tricked and thought they would get rich . ”
However , the collapse of a pyramid investment scheme in Albania in 1997 that triggered anarchy shows that it ’s not just a Colombian problem .
Rather than the release of FARC hostages and the government ’s military victories over the guerrillas , for many Colombians , 2008 will be remembered for the DMG affair that rocked the Uribe government and left thousands of poor even poorer .
* Anastasia Moloney is a contributing blogger to americasquarterly.org .
She is a freelance journalist based in Bogotá , Colombia .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anastasia Moloney is a freelance journalist based in Bogotá , a contributor to Financial Times and a contributing editor at the Washington , DC - based website World Politics Review .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
Favorite Answer
Firstly , I do not mean to assault you religious stuff , but I do have strong opinions about Religion and Sex .
In my view , Religion seems to pervert the God - given natural sexual necessity .
The Human sex drive is as strong as hunger and the releasing of chemicals through sex is imperative to maintaining a healthy brain .
The chemicals released during sex are the same as those released during aggressive acts of violence , thus the phrase " you need to get laid " .
While I do believe in being selective when choosing a mate , I do n't think that sex should be confined to procreation ( marriage in your case )
You seem to share a similar openness , though you do n't want to upset your hierarchy .
At this moment you should look beyond the simple question to see the larger implications of the answers you seek .
The fact that you consult the online community for suggestions on the semantics of moral dogma should clearly show you that you only partially agree with this religious sexual restriction .
This almost seems like a joke , everyone knows anal sex is sexual intercourse , as every one has stated , its in the name !
Furthermore , anal sex is taboo in some circles ( the bible condemns it ) .
And in some circles you might be a " dirty girl " who does anal .
Personally i do n't see how different it is from the other two holes , as long as you clean inside first .
I 've heard of other girls doing what your considering because of religion .
truthfully it does n't make sense to me .
BTW !
I 've heard that anal sex can stretch your anus so you may want to do a little research and make sure you stay safe !
Because of the hedging of risks , some were presented as safe , even if the underlying loans were risky .
When these securitized assets were being created , federal regulators declined to regulate this rapidly expanding shadow financial system .
Alan Greenspan , then the chairman of the Federal Reserve , argued that the complex securities were improving the safety of the banking system by transferring its risks to outside investors .
It turned out that he was wrong , as became clear when the crisis spread last year .
A possible model for the way the new Treasury plan could work arose in a deal last July that had no government involvement .
In that case , Merrill Lynch sold $ 31 billion in securities for 22 cents on the dollar .
The buyer , the Lone Star group of private equity funds , put down only one - quarter of the purchase price and had the right to walk away , forfeiting only the down payment , if it later turned out the securities were worth even less than it had agreed to pay .
Thus Lone Star stands to receive the upside profit if the securities prove to be more valuable , but has only a limited downside risk if they do not .
In such a deal under the Obama administration ’s plan , it would be the government that stood ready to absorb losses if they were too large , while also providing some of the financing for the purchases .
Any government - assisted deal would probably need much more public disclosure , some economists say , than was made by Merrill and Lone Star , which did not reveal exactly which securities were involved .
Presumably , too , the government would want such packages to be shopped widely to get the best price .
“ They must disclose fully exactly what the government is buying , or insuring , or providing financing for , ” said Simon Johnson , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund .
“ Congress is really hypersensitive to this issue right now .
Believing you can get away with the opaque deals we saw in Citigroup or Bank of America would be a misconception . ”
In those deals , in which the government either assisted a takeover or tried to shore up an institution ’s balance sheet , the government provided insurance against further losses on portfolios of assets , but did not disclose details of the assets .
Slide 1 of 11 ,
 Landscape in Dresden ,  1910 , by Erich Heckel .
Roberta
Smith writes :
The original bad boys of 20th - century German art got together in June of 1905 .
Partly inspired by the citys many bridges , they called themselves the Brücke ( or bridge ) .
They felt it implied the future and stuff left behind .
Their art is the subject of  Brücke : The Birth of Expressionism in Dresden and Berlin , 1905 - 1913  at the Neue Galerie .
" Short and compact book contains mostly condensed and well selected information that is useful for investors .
IMO you should read this book if you are interested in dividend capture . "
~ Seductive Dividend Stocks
SeekingAlpha
" Describes an alternative to the buy and hold approach
for income investors : reducing your market exposure with the ' buying dividend ' ( aka ' dividend capture ' ) method , providing step - by - step instructions along with several real life examples . "
~ Mensa Bulletin Magazine
" Describes an alternative to the buy and hold approachfor income investors : reducing your market exposure with the ' buying dividend ' ( aka ' dividend capture ' ) method , providing step - by - step instructions along with several real life examples . "
“ The innovative concept introduced in this book , Buying Dividends , has led to a paradigm shift in how I view my investment portfolio .
I am excited to implement this strategy
into my investing arsenal , and hopefully generate high returns with low risk in the process . ”
~ pennystocks lab
Now available at :
Amazon
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Tuesday , March 3 , 2009
By releasing internal Justice Department memos showing how the Bush fronted Neocons systematically destroyed civil liberties in America after 9/11 , the Obama administration has sought to distance itself from such practices .
However , closer inspection of the actions of the new regime , reveal no deviation from such policies in the war on terror .
Nine memos / opinions , said by the Bush administration to give legal grounding to detention and torture of terror suspects , were released yesterday .
They reveal how the rights of all American citizens have been effectively stripped away under the auspices of the so called “ war on terror ” .
A 2002 opinion written by then - assistant attorney general John Yoo , stated that the rights of any suspect could be rescinded .
“ The power to dispose of the liberty of individuals captured … remain in the hands of the president alone , ” Yoo wrote .
Another 2003 opinion written for Alberto Gonzales , then counsel for Bush , stated :
“ Congress can no longer regulate the president ’s ability to detain and interrogate enemy combatants than it may regulate his ability to direct troop movements . ”
Another memo intended for John Bellinger , who was then legal advisor to the National Security Council , suggested that the president ’s “ power to suspend treaties is wholly discretionary , ” indicating that international laws could be ignored if necessary .
Perhaps the most despicable of the memos dated from October 23rd 2001 , Just weeks after 9/11 .
As reported by AP , it effectively stated that constitutional free - speech protections and a prohibition on unreasonable search and seizure could take a back seat to military needs in fighting terrorism inside the country .
“ The government ’s compelling interests in wartime justify restrictions on the scope of individual liberty , ” it said .
“ The current campaign against terrorism may require even broader exercises of federal power domestically , ” John Yoo and Justice Department official Robert Delahunty wrote .
“ The president has the legal and constitutional authority to use military force within the United States to respond to and combat future acts of terrorism … the Posse Comitatus Act does not bar deployment . ” it continues .
“ We do not think that a military commander carrying out a raid on a terrorist cell would be required to demonstrate probable cause or to obtain a ( search ) warrant , ” the memo reads , also stating that the Fourth Amendment laws “ are unsuited to the demands of wartime . ”
Effectively the Justice Department gave the green light for military forces within the U.S. to smash in people ’s doors , search their homes without probable cause , drag them away without charge and detain and torture them for as long as they like at the behest of the president .
Furthermore , the memo states , “ First Amendment speech and press rights may also be subordinated to the overriding need to wage war successfully , ” envisioning the possibility of censorship restrictions on newspapers and the Internet .
A September 25 2001 memo previews what would become an extensive debate over the National Security Administration ’s warrantless surveillance program , saying “ the president must be able to use whatever means necessary to prevent attacks on the United States ; this power , by implication , includes the authority to collect information necessary for its effective exercise . ”
All nine memos can be read at The Department of Justice website .
In effect , the DoJ Ok ’d a total suspension of the U.S. Constitution after 9/11 .
[ efoods ]
Though , the Obama administration has tentatively stated that the memos are invalid , the new president ’s actions do not reflect such an assertion .
As reported last month , one of Obama ’s first actions in office was to sign an executive order securing the continued practice of secretly capturing , transporting and imprisoning so called “ enemy combatants ” .
Under executive orders issued by Obama just two days into his tenure , the CIA still has authority to carry out what are known as renditions , secret abductions and transfers of prisoners to countries that cooperate with the United States , the Los Angeles Times reported .
“ The Obama administration appears to have determined that the rendition program was one component of the Bush administration ’s war on terrorism that it could not afford to discard . ”
Greg Miller noted .
A minor provision within one executive order states that instructions to close the CIA ’s secret prisons “ do not refer to facilities used only to hold people on a short - term , transitory basis ” , meaning that some “ black sites ” can remain open .
Though former CIA officials have admitted that rendition is mostly unproductive , an administration official told the LA Times anonymously : “ Obviously you need to preserve some tools — you still have to go after the bad guys .
The legal advisors working on this looked at rendition .
It is controversial in some circles and kicked up a big storm in Europe .
But if done within certain parameters , it is an acceptable practice . ”
As we further illuminated in our previous report , Obama ’s much lauded declaration to “ ban ” torture and his “ commitment ” to close down detention facilities is full of loopholes and hidden clauses designed to allow such practices and premises to be continued , albeit with renewed secrecy .
If Obama were truly committed to ending the legacy of torture and secret detention , he would authorize the prosecution of those officials responsible , all the way up to the top .
Instead , he , along with his CIA Director Leon Panetta , has said he will do no such thing .
Indeed , the latest sign of allowing such crimes to go unpunished comes in the form of federal prosecutor John Durham signaling that even though he has yet to complete his investigation , he is unlikely to indict any CIA employees for incinerating 92 secret interrogation tapes that purportedly show suspects being waterboarded .
Furthermore , we have not seen Obama repeal Patriot Acts I and II , nor have we seen a reversal of Bush ’s signing statement that would effectively repeal the John Warner Defense Authorization Act .
We have not seen any evidence to suggest that the NSA will cease warrantless secret surveillance and phone - taps of American citizens .
We have not seen any deviation from the Bush - era war on terror policies .
We have not seen any CHANGE .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Good health , freedom of choice , political liberty , civil rights - these , along with high income , make Australians the most prosperous people in the world , found a study by the Dubai - based Legatum Institute ranking countries according to their prosperity .
The privately - funded think tank noted that there was no direct correlation between wealth and happiness .
While it was true that income was a good indicator of wellbeing in very poor countries , earnings did not link with happiness in rich countries .
Study after study has downplayed money as a predictor of how we feel about our lives .
It 's a finding that comes as no surprise to Melbourne lawyer and academic Mirko Bagaric .
" Once we 're above the poverty line , money makes only a small contribution to our level of happiness - and once we reach about the average level of income it makes virtually no difference to our level of contentment , " he said .
" The things that are conducive to happiness are fit and healthy bodies , realistic goals , self - esteem , optimism , an outgoing personality , a sense of control , close relationships , challenging work and active leisure punctuated by adequate rest and a faith that entails communal support , purpose and acceptance . "
On the eve of the sixth anniversary of the Iraq war , Condoleezza Rice joined the long list of Bush White House figures taking to the airwaves to rewrite their boss ' tragic legacy .
" No one , " she told Charlie Rose last night , " was arguing that Saddam Hussein somehow had something to do with 9/11 . "
Of course , Rice was just one of many Bush administration officials making that claim before and after the invasion .
And as it turns out , Ari Fleischer and George W. Bush himself among others are continuing to peddle that same mythical link between Iraq and September 11th .
As ThinkProgress noted , then national security adviser Rice argued in September 2002 that Saddam had " links to terrorism [ that ] would include al - Qaeda . "
But on Wednesday , the former Secretary of State traveled back in time to whitewash history :
ROSE : But you did n't believe it had anything to do with 9/11 .
RICE : No .
No one was arguing that Saddam Hussein somehow had something to do with 9/11 .
ROSE : No one .
RICE : I was certainly not .
The President was certainly not ... That 's right .
We were not arguing that .
Of course , Rice was n't the only one in the Bush White House contending " there were ties going on between Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein 's regime , " as she insisted as late as September 2006 .
Echoing President Bush 's farewell in January , former press secretary Ari Fleischer made the Saddam - September 11 connection just seven days ago .
As I first detailed last week , Fleischer used to an appearance with Chris Matthews on MSNBC's Hardball to display his gift for fiction regarding the Iraq war and 9/11 :
" After September 11th having been hit once how could we take a chance that Saddam might strike again ?
And that 's the threat that has been removed and I think we are all safer with that threat removed . "
But if Fleischer was butchering history to justify the calamity in Iraq , he was only following George W. Bush 's lead .
An unapologetic President Bush made that clear during his final address to the American people on January 15 , 2009 .
Just days before his departure , Bush seamlessly wove the invasion of Iraq into his revisionist history of the aftermath of September 11 , 2001 :
" As the years passed , most Americans were able to return to life much as it had been before 9/11 .
But I never did .
Every morning , I received a briefing on the threats to our nation .
I vowed to do everything in my power to keep us safe ....
... And with strong allies at our side , we have taken the fight to the terrorists and those who support them .
Afghanistan has gone from a nation where the Taliban harbored al Qaeda and stoned women in the streets to a young democracy that is fighting terror and encouraging girls to go to school .
Iraq has gone from a brutal dictatorship and a sworn enemy of America to an Arab democracy at the heart of the Middle East and a friend of the United States . "
Of course , Bush 's subtlety in January was nowhere on display during his jaw - dropping December 15 , 2008 interview with ABC's Martha Raddatz .
The President was n't merely content to ignore the bipartisan 9/11 Commission 's conclusion that Al Qaeda and Iraq had no " operational relationship . "
Boasting that " there have been no attacks since I have been president , since 9/11 , " the President simply dismissed any criticism that it was only his 2003 invasion which brought Al Qaeda forces to Iraq :
BUSH : One of the major theaters against al Qaeda turns out to have been Iraq .
This is where al Qaeda said they were going to take their stand .
This is where al Qaeda was hoping to take -
RADDATZ : But not until after the U.S. invaded .
BUSH : Yeah , that 's right .
So what ?
The point is that al Qaeda said they 're going to take a stand .
Well , first of all in the post - 9/11 environment Saddam Hussein posed a threat .
And then upon removal , al Qaeda decides to take a stand .
In an address ten days earlier to the Saban Center for Middle East Policy in Washington , DC , President Bush argued on December 5th that the truth should not be the lens through which his decision to invade Iraq should be viewed .
Whether Saddam had actual connections to Bin Laden , Al Qaeda and the September 11 calamity , he proclaimed , was virtually irrelevant :
" It is true , as I have said many times , that Saddam Hussein was not connected to the 9/11 attacks .
But the decision to remove Saddam from power cannot be viewed in isolation from 9/11 .
In a world where terrorists armed with box cutters had just killed nearly 3,000 people , America had to decide whether we could tolerate a sworn enemy that acted belligerently , that supported terror , and that intelligence agencies around the world believed had weapons of mass destruction .
It was clear to me , to members of both political parties , and to many leaders around the world that after 9/11 , this was a risk we could not afford to take . "
For his part , Dick Cheney ( aided and abetted by his biographer and 9/11 - Iraq fabulist Stephen Hayes ) has continued to proclaim as fact the nonexistent Bin Laden - Hussein connection .
( In March 2008 , Cheney anticipated Bush 's " so what ? " response to Martha Raddatz , shrugging off her assertion that " two - thirds of Americans say it 's not worth fighting " in Iraq by simply remarking , " So ? " )
And in an interview with Jim Lehrer of the PBS News Hour on January 14 , 2009 , Vice President Cheney regurgitated his blatantly discredited claim about an Iraq - Al Qaeda nexus .
Answering " I think so " when asked whether the 4500 Americans killed in Iraq was worth it , Cheney continued :
" He 'd had a nuclear program in the past .
He killed hundreds of thousands of his own people and he did have a relationship with al - Qaida .
Now , we 've had this debate , keeps people trying to conflate those arguments .
That 's not to say that Saddam was responsible for 9/11 ; it is to say - as George Tenet , CIA director testified in open session in the Senate - that there was a relationship there that went back 10 years . "
Of course , as ThinkProgress detailed , President Bush and Vice President Cheney throughout 2002 and 2003 warned of the mythical alliance between Saddam and Bin Laden .
For example , on October 14 , 2002 , Bush announced that " We know that Iraq and Al Qaeda have had high - level contacts that go back a decade . "
On the eve of the war , the President told Americans that Iraq " has aided , trained and harbored terrorists , including operatives of al Qaeda . "
And as hostilities commenced , Cheney on March 21 , 2003 decried Iraq as the " geographic base of the terrorists who have had us under assault now for many years , but most especially on 9/11 . "
As I documented back in June 2005 , President Bush continued to nurture the false Iraq connection to 9/11 long after he grudgingly admitted on September 17 , 2004 that " we've had no evidence that Saddam Hussein was involved with September the 11th . "
Bush 's intentional conflation of the two included the amazing June 18 , 2005 statement that " we went to war [ with Iraq ] because we were attacked . "
By December 2008 , Bush 's linkage had morphed into the " risk we could not afford to take . "
As it turns out , for George W. Bush the " risk we could not afford to take " was not averting war with Iraq , but the absence of a compelling sales pitch for it .
And to be sure , Bush was in that regard quite successful .
As an October 2003 PIPA survey showed , even after the invasion of Iraq , majorities of Americans continued to believe Bush administration claims about Saddam ( Iraq role in 9/11 , an alliance between Saddam and Al Qaeda , and Saddam 's WMD ) all long since proven false .
( Unsurprisingly , viewers of Fox News were the most delusional . )
And as late as July 2006 , fully 50 % of Americans still believed the discredited claim that Saddam possessed weapons of mass destruction .
In his predictably self - absorbed farewell address to the nation , President George W. Bush grudgingly acknowledged , " There are things I would do differently if given the chance . "
But as he demonstrated that night , rejecting his repeated linkage of the 9/11 attacks to his war on Iraq is not among them .
As for Condi Rice , she insists the deception never took place .
Of course , Rice 's denial may be explained by the fact the " smoking gun " never took the form of " a mushroom cloud . "
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Have you ever felt exasperated when you bumped into someone at the store but absolutely could n't remember their name ?
Sure , it happens to all of us .
Despite being the strongest computer on the planet , our brains do lapse .
It 's hard to blame them really .
As humans , we spend much of or existence stuffing our brains with stuff .
Some stuff is worthless , some of it's meaningful , some of it , well , it 's just stuff and there is an endless amount of it .
No matter how powerful our brains are , they need recuperation time , to be kept in shape , and even an occasional charge .
Think of it as a tune up for your brain .
Skipping brain maintenance is as silly as the person wandering the parking garage because they forgot where they parked .
Is that you ?
Are you that person ?
Sure .
We all are at some point .
No worries , there is hope .
Now I am not a brain surgeon and I am not going to suggest you do anything surgical or dangerous .
I am however an astute student of human behavior , so I always look for simple ways to super charge my brain .
Here are some things you can begin doing as soon as today to begin the great brain tune up .
1. Eat Almonds
Almond is believed to improve memory .
If a combination of almond oil and milk is taken together before going to bed or after getting up at morning , it strengthens our memory power .
Almond milk is prepared by crushing the almonds without the outer cover and adding water and sugar to it .
2. Drink Apple Juice
Research from the University of Massachusetts Lowell ( UML ) indicates that apple juice increases the production of the essential neurotransmitter acetylcholine in the brain , resulting in an increased memory power .
3. Sleep well
Research indicates that the long - term memory is consolidated during sleep by replaying the images of the experiences of the day .
These repeated playbacks program the subconscious mind to store these images and other related information .
4. Enjoy simple Pleasures
Stress drains our brainpower .
A stress - ridden mind consumes much of our memory resources to leave us with a feeble mind .
Make a habit to engage yourself in few simple pleasures everyday to dissolve stress from your mind .
Some of these simple pleasures are good for your mind , body and soul .
* Enjoy music you love
* Play with your children
* Hug a stranger
* Appreciate others
* Run few miles a day , bike or swim
* Start a blog
* Take a yoga class or Total Wellness routine
5 . Fast for a day
Fasting cleans and detoxifies our body .
It is known fact that heavy food not only causes stress on our digestive system but also drains our brainpower .
Fasting relieves toxic emotions such as anger , grief , worry , and fears - before they accumulate and cause disease .
By cleansing toxic emotions , fasting strengthens metal clarity with increases memory , concentration , creativity and insight .
6. Exercise your mind
Just as physical exercise is essential for a strong body , mental exercise is equally essential for a sharp and agile mind .
Have you noticed that children have far superior brainpower than an adult does ?
Children have playful minds .
A playful mind exhibits superior memory power .
Engage in some of the activities that require your mind to remain active and playful .
* Play scrabble or crossword puzzle
* Volunteer
* Interact with others
* Start a new hobby such as blogging , reading , painting , bird watching
* Learn new skill or a language
7. Practice Yoga or Meditation
Yoga or Meditation relives stress .
Stress is a known memory buster .
With less stress , lower blood pressure , slower respiration , slower metabolism , and released muscle tension follows .
All of these factors contribute significantly towards increases in our brainpower .
8. Reduce Sugar intake
Sugar is a non-food .
It ’s a form of carbohydrate that offers illusionary energy , only to cause a downhill slump once the initial burst has been worn off .
Excess intake of sugar results in neurotic symptoms .
Excess sugar is known to cause claustrophobia , memory loss and other neurotic disorders .
Eat food without adding sugar .
Stay away from sweet drinks or excess consumption of caffeine with sugar .
9 . Eat whole wheat
The whole wheat germs contain lecithin .
Lecithin helps ease the problem of the hardening of the arteries , which often impairs brain functioning .
10 .
Eat a light meal in the night
A heavy meal at night causes tossing and turning and a prolonged emotional stress while at sleep .
It ’s wise to eat heavy meal during the day when our body is in motion to consume the heavy in - take .
Eating a light meal with some fruits allows us to sleep well .
A good night sleep strengthens our brainpower .
11 . Develop imagination
Greeks mastered the principle of imagination and association to memorize everything .
This technique requires one to develop a vivid and colorful imagination that can be linked to a known object .
If you involve all your senses - touching , feeling , smelling , hearing and seeing in the imagination process , you can remember greater details of the event .
12 . Sex
Our sexual imagination often empowers our ability to daydream , which strengthens our brainpower with greater imagination , visualization and association .
13 . Control your temper
Bleached food , excess of starch or excess of white bread can lead to nerve grating effect .
This results in a violent and some time depressive behavior .
Eat fresh vegetables .
Drink lots of water and meditate or practice yoga to relieve these toxic emotions of temper and violent mood swings .
14 . Take Vitamin B-complex
Vitamin B- complex strengthens memory power .
Eat food and vegetables high in Vitamin B- complex .
Stay away from the starch food or white bread , which depletes the Vitamin B - complex necessary for a healthy mind .
I do n't believe these are that tough .
If you find yourself increasing stumped , give a couple of these a try .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 January 9
Explanation : Large , dusty , spiral galaxy NGC 4945 is seen edge - on near the center of this rich telescopic image .
The field of view spans nearly 2 degrees , or about 4 times the width of the Full Moon , toward the expansive southern constellation Centaurus .
About 13 million light - years distant , NGC 4945 is almost the size of our own Milky Way Galaxy .
But X-ray and infrared observations reveal even more high energy emission and star formation in the core of NGC 4945 .
The other prominent galaxy in the field , NGC 4976 , is an elliptical galaxy .
Left of center , NGC 4976 is much farther away , at a distance of about 35 million light - years , and not physically associated with NGC 4945 .
Yoooo 've been framed :
The ghostly images voted best in the world
At first glance , they are barely there .
But take a closer look and there 's no doubting the phantom faces staring back at the camera .
What 's not certain is who they are ... or how they got there .
The pictures were entered into a competition to find the world 's best ghostly goings - on captured on camera by amateur photographers .
Mirror image : Sceptics believe the face in a car , snapped in Mexico , could either be a reflection of a headrest , someone standing nearby or the result of digital manipulation
Face at the window :
The winning picture shows a ghostly , elderly face - but could it be a tourist ?
Spooky :
The figure sports a ruff ( possibly a scarf ... ) and appears to be gripping the railings
In the ruins of a Scottish castle , an elderly woman apparently peers down from a window .
She seems to be wearing centuries - old clothing , including a ruff .
Even more bizarrely , according to the man behind the camera , no such figure was there when he took the picture - which was declared the winner of the contest .
The image was captured by Christopher Aitchison at Tantallon Castle in North Berwick , East Lothian , in May last year .
Detailed examinations have concluded the image has not been manipulated .
Mr Aitchison said : ' I took the photograph at around 3 pm .
' I was not aware of anyone or anything being present in my picture , only noticing the anomaly when I got home .
' Staff have verified that there were no sinister dummies in period costume or historical re-enactments going on that day .
' I did not notice any nice old ladies in ruffs walking around the stairs . '
The snap was judged the best of more than 250 submitted to a study being run as part of the Edinburgh International Science Festival .
About a quarter of a million members of the public voted on the eerie images , and gave Mr Aitchison top spot , with 39 per cent believing it to show a ghost .
Sceptics argued that the figure could simply have been an unnoticed visitor or have been formed by an unusual reflection of light against the wall and grille .
One of the favourite runners - up was the photo which seems to show a face in the wing mirror of a car .
Three 's company :
The image looks sinister - but was someone walking quickly past the shot ?
About a quarter of a million members of the public voted on the eerie images , and gave Mr Aitchison top spot , with 39 per cent believing it to show a ghost .
Sceptics argued that the figure could simply have been an unnoticed visitor or have been formed by an unusual reflection of light against the wall and grille .
One of the favourite runners - up was the photo which seems to show a face in the wing mirror of a car .
Richard Wiseman , the University of Hertfordshire psychologist who ran the experiment , is a sceptic when it comes to the supernatural , and said that the importance of faces to our lives means our brains are programmed to see them even where they do not exist .
But while he says he can explain away the other photos , the winner has planted a seed of doubt in his mind .
The ghost on the beach :
The photographer claims there is a figure in the water with its hood up - or then again , it could be an indentation in the rock face
This figure appears to be facing out to sea , possibly fishing
Richard Wiseman , the University of Hertfordshire psychologist who ran the experiment , is a sceptic when it comes to the supernatural , and said that the importance of faces to our lives means our brains are programmed to see them even where they do not exist .
But while he says he can explain away the other photos , the winner has planted a seed of doubt in his mind .
He said : ' My best guess is that it is a member of the public but I can't be 100 per cent certain .
' It looks spooky which is why it has done so well .
But what we have proved is that most great ghost photos are nowhere near as good as people think . '
Researcher Dr Caroline Watt , of Edinburgh University , said : ' If ghosts are out there , it seems they are somewhat camera - shy . '
If you look to the far left of this picture an apparition can be seen lurking in the trees .
In a close - up , right , a head with two holes for eye - sockets can be seen in the top left - hand corner
For the past year I ’ve been nearly car - free .
I wo n’t say it ’s been easy but my only regret so far is that I did not start driving less sooner !
My unofficial count is that during the past 365 days I ’ve either driven or been a passenger in a car a total of less than fifteen times .
That number is probably even closer to ten , and might even be under ten , but it ’s most certainly under fifteen ( so at least 96 % car - free ) .
Over the course of that one year period I ’ve gotten around mostly via bicycling and walking , though I ’ve also taken public transportation a good number of times .
The last time I actually drove a car was sometime in April 2008 .
So far , only one thing is certain , I do not miss driving , not even a little .
If anything , cutting driving out of my life has actually improved my life !
My transportation related stress decreased significantly , my health improved quite a bit , my wallet is fuller than it would have been and my general happiness has skyrocketed .
I ’ve carried items on my bicycle that I never imagined possible ( a full size cooler for one , strapped across my shoulders ) , pedaled distances I would have once thought impossible ( to Walden pond and back and then some ) , and carried my bike for miles at a time when it ’s broken down on the road .
Plus , there ’s many small trips into and through the city that are actually faster than driving , saving me time and money .
The thing that really surprised me the most , however , is how completely baffled many people are by my car - free existence .
There ’s been many times when I ’m out and about at a social gathering and once people find out I got there via bicycle and was planning on returning via bicycle , they start offering rides and asking three or four times if I ’m sure I do n’t want a ride .
My insistence that I do not need a ride because I already have a vehicle , which I enjoy using , slowly sets in but they remain shocked and awed at the notion that I would rather propel myself a few miles while enjoying mother nature rather than sitting in a box tapping a pedal .
I feel alive and energized when I ’m pedaling while driving leaves me bored and tired .
My seven - eight year driving career helps me understand the appeal of driving but at this point , having experienced the sheer joy of cycling to my destinations , I really do n’t think I could go back .
I ’m even planning on buying a touring bicycle and traveling up and down the east coast , across the country to California and possibly beyond !
Perhaps I ’ll change my mind as I grow older and the constant pedaling takes its toll on my body , but for now I ’m sticking with my bicycle and no , I do n’t want a ride , do you ?
* Photo by Lukas Vermeer .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
The government is bracing for a big bank failure .
A bill introduced in Congress would give the FDIC , the agency that stands behind Americans ' bank deposits , temporary authority to borrow as much as $ 500 billion from the government to shore up the deposit insurance fund .
The bill -- the Depositor Protection Act of 2009 , backed by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn . and Sen. Mike Crapo , R - Idaho -- would n't change the status of individual bank accounts , which through the end of this year are insured up to $ 250,000 .
But the Dodd - Crapo bill acknowledges what the financial markets have been signaling for the past month -- that the government must take the lead in a costly cleanup of the mess in the financial sector .
" I think it 's a commendable start , " said Simon Johnson , a former International Monetary Fund chief economist who tracks the crisis on his BaselineScenario.com blog .
Dodd said he introduced the legislation at the behest of other regulators , notably Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chief Sheila Bair , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner .
All three recently wrote Dodd to support an emergency expansion of the FDIC 's capacity to borrow from the Treasury .
" This mechanism would allow the FDIC to respond expeditiously to emergency situations that may involve substantial risk to the financial system , " Bernanke wrote in a Feb. 2 letter to Dodd .
The Senate bill is being introduced at a time of rising market stress about the health of the banking industry .
Seventeen relatively small banks have already failed this year and 25 went under in 2008 .
Last year 's failures included the July demise of mortgage lender IndyMac and the September collapse of Washington Mutual , which was the sixth - biggest depository institution in the nation at the time it failed .
Shares of Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , the giant financial company that last week received a third round of government aid , have fallen 58 % since the government outlined a plan to convert the bank 's preferred shares to common stock .
The stock even dropped below $ 1 Thursday .
The Citi plan aimed to ease market concerns about the bank 's health .
But fears have only increased , judging by the swoon in financial stocks this week and the sharp rise in the cost of protecting financial - sector debt against default .
Fear of a big collapse continues to rise
The Credit Derivatives Research counterparty risk index -- a measure of the annual cost of insuring the bonds of 14 global financial companies against default -- surged nearly 30 % this week as investors rushed to protect themselves against possible defaults at giant institutions .
It now costs an average of $ 289,000 per year to buy insurance on $ 10 million 's worth of bank debt , according to the CDR index .
That 's just shy of the $ 300,000 average premium in force the day the index hit its all time high -- Sept. 17 , 2008 .
That was the day after the government 's $ 85 billion first bailout of AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , two days after the failure of broker - dealer Lehman Brothers and a week before WaMu was seized by regulators .
The current degree of stress in the financial sector is " totally shocking , " said Johnson , given the massive resources governments around the globe have devoted to reducing fears of a major collapse .
The financial fears point to the need for the Obama administration to produce a detailed plan of how it will deal with troubled too - big - to - fail institutions and bad assets in the banking sector , said Johnson , who teaches in the business school at MIT .
" If you do n't do a systemic plan fast , you set up a target for speculators , " said Johnson .
The market 's reaction to Geithner 's failure to produce an adequately articulated proposal as promised on Feb. 10 stands as a cautionary tale .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has dropped 20 % since then .
FDIC may need to hit Congressional ATM
The insurance that the FDIC provides to bank depositors is funded by annual assessments on banks .
But the fund has been depleted by a sharp rise in bank failures over the past year , and efforts to raise the fees that support the deposit fund have been complicated by the poor health of the banking industry .
The deposit fund 's balance fell 64 % in 2008 to $ 19 billion , putting deposit fund assets at just 0.4 % of banking industry assets .
That 's barely a third of the 1.15 % statutory minimum .
Despite the welcome signs that policymakers are coming to grips with the extent of the U.S. banking crisis , observers say officials have yet to make clear that they fully grasp the scope of the financial industry 's problems .
A $ 500 billion loan to the FDIC " begins to approximate the maximum loss from resolving the top four banks , " said Chris Whalen , a managing director at Institutional Risk Analytics , a financial research and hedge fund advice firm .
The five biggest U.S. bank holding companies - Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , Citi , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Wells Fargo and Wachovia , which is now owned by Wells - had domestic deposits of between $ 271 billion and $ 701 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2008 , according to the most recent data available from the FDIC .
With credit costs , which reflect expenses tied to bad mortgage and credit card loans , on the way to doubling the levels reached in the 1991 recession , Whalen expects the cost of fixing troubled banks to hit $ 1 trillion .
Whalen adds that he believes regulators may have to swing into action in coming weeks .
With bad loans rising sharply even at the better managed banks , the next round of financial reports from the most troubled banks , due out in April , could be truly horrific .
" Does anybody really want to see Citi 's first - quarter numbers ? "
Whalen said .
Happy St. Patrick ’s Day !
As part of the continuing adventures of the Cast and Crew of The Skeptologists , I would like to share with you a bit of rough - edited never - before seen footage .
This was shot during the Pilot of The Skeptologists and for reasons you will soon understand , it was never included in the final version of the pilot .
I found the event interesting and it solidified my thoughts about how people interpret events based on their own predispositions .
Hi all ,
One of the most used shell commands is " cd " .
A quick survey among my friends revealed that between 10 and 20 % of all commands they type are actually cd commands !
Unfortunately , jumping from one part of your system to another with cd requires to enter almost the full path , which is n't very practical and requires a lot of keystrokes .
To address this problem , I 've created a little tool called autojump .
Autojump is a faster way to navigate your filesystem .
It works by maintaining a database of the directories you use the most from the command line .
The jstat command shows you the current contents of the database .
You need to work a little bit before the database becomes useable .
Once your database is reasonably complete , you can " jump " to a directory by typing :
j dirspec
where dirspec is a few characters of the directory you want to jump to .
It will jump to the most used directory whose name matches the pattern given in dirspec .
EXAMPLES
j mp3
could jump to / home / gwb / my mp3 collection , if that is the directory in which you keep your mp3s .
jstat
will print out something in the lines of :
...
54.5 : /home / shared / musique
60.0 : /home/joel/workspace/coolstuff/glandu
83.0 : /home/joel/workspace/abs_user/autojump
96.9 : /home/joel/workspace/autojump
141.8 : /home/joel/workspace/vv
161.7 : /home / joel
Total key weight : 1077
The " key weight " reflects the amount of time you spend in a directory .
To install ,
yaourt -S autojump
You need to source / etc / profile in your . bashrc for this to work .
Your terminal might also need restarting after the installation .
Last edited by lardon ( 2009-02-12 08:36:03 )
This is a very seldom picture for the meeting of the Sun & the Moon at the North Pole
a review of Space Invaders Extreme
a videogame developed by taito
and published by taito
for the microsoft xbox live arcade , the nintendo DS and the sony playstation portable
( game of the year 2008 )
text by action button dot net 4 stars Bottom line : Space Invaders Extreme is “ the other best game of 2008 . ”
When we founded Action Button Dot Net , the idea was that we would make this a website about spontaneously and frequently posting whatever thoughts we had about whatever games we were playing , whether we ’ve played them to completion , or only halfway to completion , or what .
The idea , going in , was that we ’d devote as much of every review as possible to unabashed fatuosity .
We wanted to just spill out words that sounded hilarious when mostly naked at three in the morning , maybe with a little bit of a foreign influence up in you .
We ca n’t say we failed at this goal , though maybe we did n’t totally succeed yet .
Who knows .
So here we arrive at the task of reviewing Space Invaders Extreme , which we are delighted to call Action Button Dot Net Game of the Year 2008 ( tied with Braid ) , with absolutely nothing to say about the game .
What should we say ?
What can we say ?
We ’re just typing words in here to make the space not look depressingly empty .
Why are we calling it Game of the Year ?
Why not ?
In a year where the only input coming from Fat People With Money was represented by trudging exercises in barren game design such as Mirror ’s Edge and Dead Space — games the very titles of which evoke the rich imagery of trifling nothingness — if you wanted to actually have fun pressing buttons , you were going to have to rent out part of your soul in the name of dealing with something .
Man , what the heck .
Space Invaders
Extreme did n’t ask you for anything you were n’t willing to give it .
It ’s a portable game — we like the DS version better — and it only uses one button ( for shooting ) in addition to two directions on the D - pad ( for moving left or right ) .
Whether you like fruity techno or not , you cannot deny that the synchronicity of the shooting sound effects and musical rhythm is wonderfully well - executed .
The game is simple — it ’s Space Invaders , the original top - down arcade shooter , re-done with a Pac - Man : Championship Edition level of virtuoso polish .
You are a ship at the bottom of the screen .
You shoot enemies at the top of the screen .
In the original Space Invaders , your shots had a curious , stereo - knob - like weight to them .
That weight has mostly been osmosed into Extreme , though it ’s been fine - tuned to a razor ’s edge .
The enemies are red , green , blue , black , or white .
Kill them , rhythmically , in groups of three or four , and you can chain together combos .
Chain together enough enemies of one color , and they drop a weapon .
Each weapon possesses a delicious friction .
Blue is a laser ; red is a crushing bomb - launcher that knocks enemies back and exploding into one another ; green is a juicy spread - laser .
Sometimes little UFOs appear at the top of the screen ; shoot them in time , and you ’ll enter a bonus round .
Win the bonus round , and you might come back out into the stage with a hyper - powered weapon .
They call this “ Fever Time ” .
It feels like a pinball multi-ball .
Space Invaders Extreme is , as our friend Kenta Cho puts it , “ a shooting game happily married to the pinball aesthetic ” .
( Note : Kenta Cho supports our choice of Space Invaders Extreme as the best game of 2008 . )
There is nothing else you really need to know about it .
You can sit back on a train , turn the volume off if you like ( Kenta Cho happens to love the music ; here end the Kenta Cho namedrops ) , and just pound a round out .
It ’s loud ( even with the volume off ) , colorful , like pachinko , only you do n’t need to smoke ( a plus ) , and you ca n’t win any money ( a minus ) .
You shoot because you love shooting ; the enemies get shot because they love getting shot .
It ’s a game about love .
It ’s a game about juice .
It ’s a game about crunch .
It ’s a cute little display of slick graphic design .
It ’s beautiful , really .
It ’s just a really great package .
Is that too much to expect from , you know , everyone ?
So much money - hungering runs unchecked in the games industry these days .
It ’s just a bunch of cockroach - people rubbing their hands together and scheming about how to get the most of your money as possible .
Like , this is n’t just the video game industry — obviously .
It hardly makes a man a conspiracy theorist to extrapolate that the people at his Japanese internet service provider are trying to slum - scam him out of fifty bucks .
It ’s like , if you want to cancel your internet contract , they tell you that you have to go to this website and enter some information .
Then you go to the website and enter the information .
Then you choose “ cancel contract ” .
Then they tell you that you ca n’t cancel your contract through this website — you have to call this new phone number .
Call the number , and they say they ’ll send you a paper in the mail .
You groan , tell them your new address .
They then say that they can only send the paper on the 20th of the month .
And then , you ’ll need to send the paper back by the 25th of the month — and it will need to be filled out properly , with not one tiny mistake — or you ’ll be charged for the next month ’s fees .
You do this , writing your twenty - four - character “ customer ID name ” ( a combination of letters , numbers , hyphens , semicolons , and symbols ) carefully in the tiny blanks .
If those sons of bitches at the customer service center claim that they can’t read one of them , you bet your ass their boss has been told to tell them not to tell you until well after midnight on the 25th of the month .
This is weird !
This is sick !
We live in a weird , sick world !
In this world , in a country called “ Japan ” , there exists a video - game industry where people have decided that , because the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo DS sell to “ casual gamers ” , that the games they make do n’t have to stand up to the “ standards ” of the “ hardcore gamer ” .
This is a problem , for the “ standards ” of a “ hardcore gamer ” can be abbreviated as “ common sense ” .
The first step toward this forbidden territory was the en masse conclusion that “ This game is going to be marketed to the casuals , so it does n’t have to be complicated ” .
The toe crossed the line when they all threw up their hands and decided “ This game is going to be marketed to the casuals , so it does n’t have to be very good “ .
You ’re running straight for a brick wall , right there .
We ’ve said this before : millions of people played and loved the original Super Mario Bros. , and it was n’t because “ games were new and exciting ” , it ’s because “ games were new and exciting and because Super Mario Bros. was an expertly designed , bullstuff - free piece of software entertainment ” .
People these days would n’t know their ass from a hole in the ground , or a hole in the ground from a hole in a wall , or whatever .
Everything is going down the drain .
For the love of all that is holy , someone , right now , is making a videogame that is literally titled Item Getter .
How hecked up and tacky is that ?
That ’s like rebooting your entire brand line of cushioned insoles by renaming them “ Foot - pain off - mind - takers : Absolute Failures At Eliminating The Omnipresent Specter of Death ” .
Well , Space Invaders Extreme , with its pick - up - and - play no - frills single - player mode and its cute Tetris Attack - like multiplayer versus mode , is the exact opposite of a tacky piece of stuff .
It is a piece of delicious snack food , in a crinkly shiny plastic foil bag that doth never run empty .
It is a game “ for the casuals ” that also happens to contain a pure - hearted , rock - solid core .
Taito — you guys are the good guys .
Thanks .
Too bad Square - Enix bought you .
Space Invaders Extreme 2 is being released any day now .
It ’s probably pretty good .
We ca n’t think of any reason why it would n’t be .
Yeah , that ’s about it for this one .
Not even going to bother proofreading this .
Yep .
Oh , we do have these two video reviews , which are basically two takes on the same idea , done by two guys who maybe did n’t know that the other was doing kind of the same thing .
— Action Button Dot Net
( perhaps tangentially ) related games :
braid ( game of the year 2008 )
gears of war 2 ( game of the year 2008 , second place )
bangai -o spirits ( game of the year 2008 , third place )
portal ( game of the year 2007 )
out of this world ( the best game of all - time )
Solar Panels Australia 's Trusted Experts For Over 20 years
Solar Inverters Solar energy is endlessly evolving and improving , and so we offer the latest in solar panels and inverters .
Letting you enjoy energy from the forefront of technology at very competitive prices .
Solar Power System Offers
Solar Hot Water Introducing our new range of Solar Hot Water systems .
Solargain provides you the latest technology along with maximum Government incentives .
Our large range of high - quality solar hot water systems .
Solar Hot Water Offers
The credit crisis was – inevitably – the dominant theme of the annual World Economic Forum that concluded in Davos over the weekend .
And while other subjects – diversity and culture , the Israel - Gaza conflict , and even Zimbabwe – did get a look - in , there was little said about the opportunity the crisis presents for aid - dependent African countries .
Setting aside the debate on how ( or indeed whether ) sub-Saharan Africa will be affected in the short term by the ongoing financial turmoil , there is every reason to believe that what is happening could in fact be the best thing for Africa 's long - term development prospects .
The crisis presents Africa with a unique opportunity to overhaul its development strategy away from the aid - based model ( which despite its over one trillion - dollar injection has achieved little in terms of delivering growth and alleviating poverty over the last 50 years ) and move more aggressively towards the kind of market - driven interventions that have fundamentally transformed the fortunes of emerging countries , such as the well - known BRIC economies – Brazil , Russia , India and China – but also , closer to home , South Africa and Botswana .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the last five years Africa 's economic performance has been encouraging .
Its economies have grown by an average of five per cent per year , and at the end of 2006 , three out of the top 10 fastest - growing economies in the world were African ( Angola , Sudan , and Mauritania ) .
In just two decades , Africa 's GDP has roughly doubled from $ 130bn in the 1980s to around $ 300 bn today .
The question is how best to make this development trajectory stick .
I have long believed that far from being a catalyst , foreign aid has been the biggest single inhibitor of Africa 's growth .
Among its shortcomings , aid is correlated with corruption , fosters dependency , and invariably instils bureaucracy that hinders the emergence of an essential entrepreneurial class .
For Africa to grow in a sustained way , foreign aid will have to be dramatically reduced over time , forcing countries to adopt more transparent strategies to finance development .
What the credit crunch has effectively done is to instigate this process by default .
With Western donors facing mounting fiscal pressures and gaping deficits , foreign aid flows are in inevitable decline ( Italy has already cut its foreign aid budget by half ) , and with this comes a chance for Africa to chart a strategy that delivers long - term economic growth .
This is , after all , ostensibly the goal of any individual or institution that wishes to see Africa become an equal partner in the global community .
The development finance policy that has been the hallmark of consistent growth across the world has almost universally comprised a mix of four essential elements :
Trade and commerce , Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ) , microfinance , and access to international capital markets .
As such , despite negative headlines over China 's expanding role in Africa 's burgeoning economy , African governments should be minded to accelerate alliances with China and the rest of the rapidly emerging world .
Rather than continue to spend millions of dollars each year attempting to gain greater access to Western trade markets , they should focus their attention on markets such as China , where , with 1.3 bn people to feed and just seven per cent arable land , African produce is welcome .
And with roughly $ 4 trillion of foreign reserves , China is undoubtedly a better bet for much needed FDI in the foreseeable future than its Western competitors .
Furthermore , the reserves profile of not just China but also the Middle East suggests a class of new investors with likely appetite to take on African risk via the bond markets .
In the past 18 months the sovereign bond issues of Ghana and Gabon ( as well as a number of corporate and bank issues ) have shown that innovative thinking towards more transparent methods of financing Africa 's development may be catching on – but there is clearly scope for improvement .
No one can say for sure how long market - based financing would take to yield sturdy growth for Africa , but one thing is for sure , it will be faster than continuing to rely on aid .
These dark economic times are just the opening Africa needs to show that it can at last contribute meaningfully to the global economy rather than perennially being viewed as a drag .
Dambisa Moyo is a former economist at Goldman Sachs and the author of ' Dead Aid : Why Aid is Not Working and How There is Another Way for Africa ' , to be published by Allen Lane on Thursday .
www.deadaid.org
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The worst - hit areas in the Gaza Strip after Israel 's three - week offensive look as if they have been hit by a strong earthquake , aid agencies say .
Correspondents in Gaza City say entire neighbourhoods have been flattened and bodies are still being recovered .
The UN says it is still sheltering at least 35,000 Palestinians while 400,000 people are without running water .
Israel says it will allow 143 trucks loaded with humanitarian aid into Gaza plus 60,000 litres of fuel .
Israel launched its offensive on 27 December to stop Hamas militants firing rockets into Israel .
Palestinian medical sources say at least 1,300 Palestinians were killed and 5,500 injured during the conflict .
Thirteen Israelis were killed .
Aid promise An International Committee of the Red Cross spokesman said on Monday evening that 10 ambulances carrying medical supplies had travelled into Gaza via the Kerem Shalom crossing in the south .
CONFLICT IN FIGURES
More than 1,300 Palestinians killed Thirteen Israeli deaths More than 4,000 buildings destroyed in Gaza , more than 20,000 severely damaged 50,800 Gazans homeless and 400,000 without running water
In depth : Gaza conflict Q&A : Gaza conflict Who are Hamas ?
Middle East conflict : History in maps Israeli spokesman Mark Regev told the BBC that medicines , foodstuffs and energy would reach Gaza " in the volume that is required and in an expeditious manner " .
The BBC was unable to verify whether the food and fuel convoys had reached Gaza .
Israel called a ceasefire on Saturday , saying it had met its war aims .
Hamas later declared its own truce , with one of its leaders claiming a " great victory " over Israel .
European Union foreign ministers are due to hold separate talks later this week with Israel and Egypt , Jordan , Turkey and the Palestinian Authority to discuss ways to ensure the truce holds .
German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier has agreed a plan with top EU officials on how the 27 - member bloc could help keep the ceasefire , German media report .
Scrap metal Palestinians in Gaza have been returning home to assess the damage .
Just looked what they 've done ... we are human beings , how can they treat us this way ?
What will we do ?
Fatim Aljaru , Gaza resident
The BBC's Christian Fraser travelled to Jabaliya on the northern edge of Gaza City , where the Israeli tanks first crossed over the border .
He says entire neighbourhoods have disappeared .
He met 67 - year - old Fatma Umanim , sitting beside the remains of her collapsed house , her neighbours building a makeshift shelter for her next to the rubble .
Our correspondent says an industry is growing out of the destruction in broken wood and scrap metal - Gaza 's poorest salvaging whatever they can .
Fatim Aljaru , aged 35 , told the BBC that every single building on her street on the outskirts of Gaza City had been damaged or destroyed .
She said the home that she had shared with her husband and eight children was now a pile of rubble .
" Just look what they 've done ... we are human beings , how can they treat us this way ?
What will we do ? "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UN Secretary General , Ban Ki-moon , is planning to visit Gaza on Tuesday to inspect the damage but his trip " could be subject to change " , Israeli officials said .
The director of operations in Gaza for Unrwa , the UN relief agency , John Ging , said most important now was how to get basic supplies into the territory .
Unrwa was keen to reopen its schools , Mr Ging said , where tens of thousands of Palestinians have been sheltering .
Arab split Divisions among Arab countries re-emerged at an Arab League summit in Kuwait which was dominated by the crisis in Gaza .
GAZA LATEST
New Israel phosphorous accusation Gaza doctor 's loss grips Israelis Agencies rush aid to Gaza Strip Gazans confront shattered lives Bowen diary : Real calm may come Arab divisions over the Gaza crisis have re-emerged at a summit in Kuwait .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Hamas had invited the Israeli attacks on the Gaza Strip by refusing to extend a truce that expired in December while Syrian President Bashar al - Assad said Arab leaders should adopt a resolution declaring Israel a terrorist entity .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said he wants troops to leave Gaza " as quickly as possible " and some have already left .
Anonymous Israeli officials , quoted by AP news agency , said the withdrawal would be completed before US President - elect Barack Obama 's inauguration on Tuesday .
But analysts say big questions remain , such as who will police Gaza 's southern border with Egypt and how much power Hamas still has .
Hamas has said it will hold fire for a week to give Israel time to withdraw its forces from the Gaza Strip .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
What do software mogul Bill Gates and banking investor Warren Buffett have in common with wanted Mexican drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman Loera ?
Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman Loera , pictured in 1993 , ranks 701st on Forbes ' yearly report on billionaires .
They are all featured in Forbes magazine 's world 's billionaires report as " self - made " billionaires .
Guzman Loera , whose nickname means Shorty , escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 .
He heads the powerful Sinaloa cartel , investigators say .
Authorities on both sides of the U.S. - Mexico border blame the Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region .
He ranked 701st on Forbes ' yearly report , with an estimated fortune of $ 1 billion .
Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora expressed outrage at the publication and described Forbes ' calculations on Guzman Loera 's fortune as mere " speculation . "
" I will never accept that a criminal could be recognized as someone distinguished , even if it is by a magazine like Forbes , " Medina Mora said to local media during a drug traffic summit Thursday in Vienna , Austria .
Forbes is " comparing the deplorable activity of a criminal wanted in Mexico and abroad with that of honest businessmen , " he said .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon -- speaking at a business summit Thursday in Mexico City -- alluded to the report , saying , " It is very sad the intensification of a campaign , which seems to me , has been launched against Mexico . "
Calderon added , " Public opinion and now even magazines not only attack and lie about the situation in Mexico , but now also praise criminals .
In Mexico , it is considered a crime to praise criminals . "
Guzman Loera has a three - decade history of drug trade spanning North , Central and South America .
The Forbes profile of Guzman Loera reported that " the U.S. government is offering a $ 5 million reward " for the billionaire 's capture .
Steve Forbes , the magazine 's editor - in - chief , issued a statement on Saturday saying " it is deplorable that someone like this has a billion dollars . "
But the magazine , he said , was simply doing its job and reporting a fact .
" Forbes has listed other criminals from Meyer Lansky ( 1982 ) to Pablo Escobar ( 1987 -1993 ) on our Rich Lists , " Forbes said .
" Do n't shoot the messenger . "
Its article offers a rationale as to why Guzman Loera made the list .
" So is there anywhere one can still make a fortune these days ?
The 38 newcomers offer a few clues .
Among the more notable new billionaires are Mexican Joaquin Guzman Loera , one of the biggest suppliers of cocaine to the U.S. "
CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Felipe Calderon • Forbes Media LLC
In 2000 , Stark convinced the Pauls Valley City Council that the town needed a tourist attraction and the museum should be it .
In 2005 , it finally opened its doors .
The museum seems a little out of place among Pauls Valley 's other businesses : a gun store , a couple of gas stations , an insurance company or two .
But if you love action figures , you 'll find plenty to covet here .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The New Zealand government has agreed to acknowledge Maori ownership of the haka war dance used by the national rugby team , the All Blacks .
The move follows concerns the Ka Mate haka was being commercially exploited .
The Maori Performing Arts Company demonstrated the dance for the benefit of BBC News viewers .
Internet security experts are warning of a new rash of malware attacks that can hijack the security settings of a wide variety of devices on a local area network , even when they are hardened or do n't run on Windows operating systems .
Once activated , the trojan sets up a rogue DHCP , or dynamic host configuration protocol , server on the host machine .
From there , other devices using the same LAN are tricked into using a malicious domain name system server , instead of the one set up by the network administrator .
The rogue DNS server sends the devices to fraudulent websites that in many cases can be hard to identify as impostors .
A new variant of Trojan .
Flush .
M is making the rounds , Johannes Ullrich , CTO of the SANS Internet Storm Center warns here .
It offers several improvements over its predecessor , which was discovered in early December .
Among other changes , the new strain no longer specifies a DNS domain name , making the rogue DHCP server harder to detect .
" This kind of malware is definitely dangerous because it affects systems that themselves are not vulnerable " to the trojan , Ullrich told The Register .
" So all you need is one system infected in the network and it will affect a lot of other nonvulnerable systems . "
Of course , one way to thwart the attack is to hardwire DNS server settings into your iPhone , computer or other net - connecting device .
This will direct it to bypass the rogue DNS server even if the device is unfortunate enough to get its internet connection from the impostor DHCP server .
Such countermeasures are impractical for networks with thousands of machines , so Ullrich recommends administrators monitor connections to all DNS servers other then the one that 's approved for the network .
A third choice is to blacklist 64.86.133.51 and 63.243.173.162 , which are the DNS servers used by the most recent variant .
This is the least effective measure , since future variants will surely tap new IP addresses . ®
Rothschild Agents Take 10 Key Posts
In Administration of Rookie President By Michael Collins Piper OUR GREATEST FOUNDING FATHER and first president , George Washington , probably would n’t be ready to celebrate his birthday on Feb. 22 if he were alive today .
Having led the 13 colonies to independence from the British Empire in 1783 , following the course of a difficult eight - year struggle by those freedom - loving American colonists who followed him , Washington ( who lived from 1732 to 1799 ) would most assuredly be appalled to see that the liberties achieved from the American Revolution are now being flagrantly defied by a number of figures who populate the upper ranks of the administration of Barack Obama .
Six former Rhodes Scholars ( educated at Oxford University in Britain ) and four others associated with the London School of Economics are serving in key posts in the Obama administration .
That ’s not good .
Here are 10 of the key “ British ” — that is , Rothschild — operatives now ensconced in the Obama administration ( more can be expected ) :
Susan Rice — ambassador to the UN ; Michael McFaul — head of the Russian desk at the National Security Council ; Elena Kagan — solicitor general of the United States ; Anne-Marie Slaughter — State Department policy planning staff ; Neal S.Wolin — deputy counsel to the president for economic policy ; Ezekial Emanuel — senior counselor at the White House Office of Management and Budget on health care policy ; Lawrence Summers — head of the National Economic Council ; Peter Orszag — director of the Office of Management and Budget ; Peter Rouse — senior advisor to the president ; Mona Sutphen — deputy chief of the White House staff .
The truth about the Rhodes Scholarships is not known to the average American who is constantly told by the mass media that Rhodes Scholars ( such as former President Bill Clinton ) are among “ the best and the brightest . ”
The Rhodes Scholarships — awarded to Americans and students from other former British colonies — are funded by a trust set up by 19th Century British imperial figure Cecil Rhodes , whose intent was to indoctrinate these scholars with the theme that the American colonies should be reunited with the British Empire and that they should work through “ public service ” to achieve that goal .
But Rhodes was n’t just some rich madcap dreamer .
His ventures were underwritten by the international Rothschild dynasty operating from the financial district in London known as “ The City ” — the banking center of the Rothschild controlled British empire that also includes the London School of Economics .
So now a clique of internationalists trained in the idea of extinguishing American independence are ensconced in the Obama administration .
And another Rhodes Scholar , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , is widely touted as the great Grand Old Party candidate to “ take back the White House ” in 2012 .
Jindal does n’t offer “ change . ”
He — like the other globalists in the Obama administration — is part of the problem .
All of this is not a “ conspiracy theory . ”
Rather , these facts are well known to those familiar with what the Rhodes scholarships are really about .
A journalist specializing in media critique , Michael Collins Piper is the author of The High Priests of War , The New Jerusalem , Dirty Secrets , The Judas Goats , The Golem , Target Traficant and My First Days in the White House All are available from AFP .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 8 , February 23 , 2009 )
Infowars
March 29 , 2009
It seemed like a victory , of sorts .
Last week the Senate approved a bill to radically expand the AmeriCorps program .
The bill initially contained language that proposed a study for mandatory service for all young people in the United States , but this language was removed as the bill moved through the Senate and did not appear in the final version .
Democrat Jim McDermott has sponsored the new mandatory service bill .
Well , it ’s baaaaaaack .
The language was stripped from one bill , but it suddenly appeared in another .
It is now contained in HR 1444 , due to crawl across the House floor this week .
HR 1444 is sponsored by Rep. Jim McDermott , a Washington state Democrat , and is assigned to the House Committee on Labor and Education .
The bill , under Section 4 ( b ) 6 , states :
Whether a workable , fair , and reasonable mandatory service requirement for all able young people could be developed , and how such a requirement could be implemented in a manner that would strengthen the social fabric of the Nation and overcome civic challenges by bringing together people from diverse economic , ethnic , and educational backgrounds .
How “ mandatory service , ” i.e. servitude , strengthens the “ social fabric of the Nation ” is not explained .
HR 1444 , like its earlier parent 1388 , includes the prospect of a “ public service academy , a four - year institution that offers a federally funded undergraduate education with a focus on training future public sector leaders ” and reaches all the way down to primary school , requiring a review of “ the means to develop awareness of national service and volunteer opportunities at a young age by creating , expanding and promoting service options for primary and secondary school students and by raising awareness of existing incentives . ”
That is , “ existing incentives ” as determined by the government .
In addition to Obama ’s election campaign pledge to create a 250,000 strong national security force as big , powerful and well - funded as our combined U.S. military forces , Obama ’s chief of staff Rahm Emanuel has authored a book ( The Plan : Big Ideas for America ) that calls for three months of compulsory civil service for all Americans aged 18 to 25 .
So it looks like the goblin of compulsory national service has not gone away , it has simply morphed into another bill , soon to be considered by the House .
One thing is for certain : the federal government considers you and your children little more than ciphers to be press ganged into mandatory “ service ” to a government addicted to wars waged in the name of international bankers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Facebook is arguably one of the safer corners of the Internet , with fairly complex security and privacy controls .
But when passwords get busted , even on Facebook , not everyone is whom they 're pretending to be .
Like a Nigerian scammer , posing only slightly convincingly as one of your real - life friends , trying to get you to send them a $ 900 wire transfer .
A former university colleague ( " Evan " ) passed along this Facebook conversation , which he promises really happened to him .
In it , a scammer takes over one of his real - world friend 's accounts ( " Calvin " ) , pretends to be stranded in London , and asks for money to get a plane ticket and pay hotel bills .
We 've asked Facebook about how common these types of scams are -- one made the rounds last November -- and what they do about them .
( Update : Facebook response below . )
In the meantime , a friendly reminder to be skeptical on the Internet , even when you think you 're talking to someone you 've known for years .
Calvin : hey
Evan : holy moly .
what 's up man ?
Calvin : i need your help urgently
Evan : yes sir
Calvin : am stuck here in london
Evan : stuck ?
Calvin : yes i came here for a vacation
Calvin : on my process coming back home i was robbed inside the hotel i loged in
Evan : ok so what do you need
Calvin : can you loan me $ 900 to get a return ticket back home and pay my hotel bills
Evan : i think so .
that really sucks
Calvin : can you loam me now
Evan : well maybe i do n't know that 's a lot of $
Calvin : how can you loan me ?
Evan : what do you want me to do
Calvin : i want you to loan me $ 900
Calvin : i promise i pay you back
Evan : how do you want me to loan it to you ?
Calvin : you can have the money send via western union
Evan : oh yeah that 's true
Calvin : will you go and send it now
Evan : well i do n't know
Calvin : you can have it send online now www.westernunion.com
Evan : damn how did you get stuck there
Calvin : i came here for a vacation and i was robbed by some gang
Evan : ok well i want to help you , since we 're friends
Calvin : ok .
Thanks
Evan : sure thing man
Evan : ok one question
Calvin : are you sending it now ?
Evan : what was the name of our high school mascot ?
Evan : hello ?
Evan : cal ?
Calvin : Shawnee Mission Northwest High '01
Evan : what ?
i know
Calvin : it seems you dont to help
Evan : what of course i do want to help
Calvin : am in a hot sits here and you asking me silly question
Evan : what is hot sits
Calvin : am dead here
Evan : i hope you die there
YOU HACKER
good luck finding someone stupid
bye now
( a few minutes later )
Evan : oh wait .
i just realized what an idiot you are and its actually kind of funny
Calvin : are you not dead
Evan : who taught you english ?
Calvin : my sister #
Evan : your english is bad
it does not sound like the english of someone from the us
so no one will believe you
Calvin : how can you teach me
Evan : ok i will .
but you have to send me $ 900 .
Calvin : they dont send western union here
we only receive
Evan : what country are you in ?
Calvin : nigeria
Evan : i have bad news for you
many americans know about nigerians sending emails to this country to try to get money
Calvin : yes
Evan : it is a trick that we know about so we are very careful
Calvin : eeeeeeeeeeeeh
Evan : you will not find a stupid person to send you money
Calvin : i have got some
Evan : well good job
Evan : do you live in lagos or in another city ?
Calvin : Lagos
how did you got to know
Evan : i am a student of the world
i would like to travel to lagos
Calvin : lagos is a place to be
to visit
so full of enjoyment
so when are you coming
Evan : why do you steal money from people ?
Calvin : i need money for my college fees
but i wanna stop
i promise i will stop
but you people slave us
during the 60s
Evan : we did not have slaves in the 60s
Calvin : but you about the slave trade
Evan : yes that is true
but slaves have been illegal here for almost 150 years
Calvin : i can see that you ae a law student
why can't you become a lawyer
Evan : i will be a lawyer in 2 years when i finish school
Calvin : ok
Evan : how old are you ?
Calvin : 27
i need work
i eed a god job
Evan : there are many nigerians in america
do you know anyone who has gone to another country ?
Calvin : i know there many nigerian that is in america
i want to come to america
to complte my education
Evan : maybe i will visit someday
i hope you do n't steal any more money
good luck finding a job
Calvin : sure .... you will love it
Evan : what is your name ?
Calvin : tunde
Evan : i must go tunde
be well my friend
Calvin : cant we be friend
can you add me on your facebook friends
Evan : i am sorry , but due to the odd circumstances of our initial greeting , i must terminate this relationship .
i hope you understand .
Calvin : am sorry for that evan
Evan : as am i , tunde
as am i
Update : Facebook responds .
As expected , this is n't too common .
This is a very low volume attack , affecting only a small number of users , but the potential impact to an individual user is high so we 're taking it very seriously .
Our team has already detected various trends in the accounts of users who have been compromised .
We 're using this data to quickly surface compromised accounts , ideally before the spammers have gotten very far .
When we find compromised accounts or they are brought to our attention , we 're working to make sure the accounts get back to their rightful owners as soon as possible .
First , we are disabling the account because , in some cases , the spammer has added a new contact email address and removed the old one .
We then ask that the rightful owner to contact our user operations team via this contact form : http://www.facebook.com/help/contact.php?show_form=account_compromised.
We 're reminding users to be very suspicious of anyone , even friends , who ask you over the Internet to send money .
Please verify their circumstances through some other means than the web ( e.g. call them or mutual friends ) .
If you see something that looks amiss with any of your friend 's accounts , please report it to us through one of the contact forms on the site .
These and other security tips can be found on our security page ( http://www.facebook.com/security).
( CNN ) -- Federal judges tentatively ruled on Monday that California must reduce the number of inmates in its overcrowded prison system by up to 40 percent to stop a constitutional violation of prisoners ' rights .
California must cut the number of inmates in its prison system by up to 40 percent , judges have ruled .
" Overcrowding is the primary cause of the unconstitutional conditions that have been found to exist in the California prisons , " the court concluded .
California state officials , including Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , immediately promised to appeal the case to the U.S. Supreme Court , if necessary .
" The governor and I strongly disagree with this ruling , " said Matthew Cate , California 's corrections and rehabilitation secretary .
Implementing the court 's ruling would result in up to 58,000 prisoners being released , Cate said , describing it as a threat to public safety .
He disputed the court 's contention that the prisons are unsafe the way they are now .
But in 2006 , Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency because of " severe overcrowding " in California 's prisons , saying it had caused " substantial risk to the health and safety of the men and women who work inside these prisons and the inmates housed in them . "
In court documents , the judges said the state 's prison system was at about 200 percent of capacity .
The ruling is the result of two class - action lawsuits on behalf of California prisoners who said medical and mental health care in the state 's prisons are so inadequate that they violate the federal constitution 's Eighth Amendment ban against cruel and unusual punishment .
The judges said their ruling is tentative so that the parties involved can plan accordingly , essentially giving them an opportunity to work things out themselves before an official ruling is rendered .
The court suggests a two - to three - year window for reducing the number of prisoners in the system .
Those who would be released would be very low risk , according to Don Specter , director of the Prison Law Office , a group that provides free legal services to California prisoners .
He said the ruling would affect those in jail for three or four months because of parole violations , those getting early release dates , and those who might qualify for early release for taking part in rehabilitation programs .
A final ruling also probably would reduce the number of people entering the prison system , with many being diverted through the courts and into rehabilitation programs instead of going to jail , Specter said .
All About Arnold Schwarzenegger • Prisons
Leah Buechley is an associate professor in the computer science department at the University of New Mexico , where she directs the Hand and Machine research group .
Her work explores integrations of electronics , computing , art , craft , and design .
She is a pioneer in paper and fabric - based electronics and her inventions include the LilyPad Arduino , a construction kit for sew - able electronics .
Previously , she was a professor at the MIT Media Lab , where she founded and directed the High - Low Tech group .
Her work has been featured in publications including The New York Times , Boston Globe , and Wired and exhibited in venues including Ars Electronica , the Exploratorium , and the Victoria and Albert Museum .
In 2017 , her work was recognized with the Edith Ackerman award for Interaction Design and Children .
Leah received a PhD in computer science from the University of Colorado at Boulder and a BA in physics from Skidmore College .
At both institutions she also studied dance , theater , fine art , and design .
download cv
instagram
twitter
Hand and Machine
High - Low Tech
The world is full of fools and faint hearts ; and yet every one has courage enough to bear the misfortunes , and wisdom enough to manage the affairs of his neighbor .
~ Poor Richards Almanac , 1743
I recently received e-mails from a couple of college students ; they wondered where the previously smooth path to Wall Street riches was taking them and asked my advice if they should maybe take a detour into a career with more potential and less risk , like professional bull riding .
Even worse for the young men , they had the bad luck to stumble across Hayek and Mises at the tender age of college ; they have lost the intellectual blind spots necessary to drink from Wall Street 's cup without grimacing — for them , the party 's over before it had even begun .
Unfortunately , there is really no way for me to answer their question about staying on the path to Wall Street , to follow a Yellow Brick Road that no longer gleams with gold .
I do n't know their circumstances ; only they do .
But , with me being a modern day American , having no clue what I 'm talking about will not turn me away from running my mouth , so stuffed to the gills with the hollow omniscience a top post - graduate degree grants to the owner I 'll give my advice anyway .
The Search for Knowledge
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education .
~ Mark Twain
Many years ago , during the dark times before the GI Bill and Sallie Mae , the overwhelming majority of Americans never earned a college degree .
To become a " college man " meant having parents wealthy enough to ship you off to Princeton , Harvard , or some such place , where the progeny would earn themselves a lifetime of steady , well - remunerated employment through four years of intensive networking , drinking , rowing , debutante balls , and intercollegiate football matches accompanied by rousing fight songs .
The finished product of this process was marked not with wisdom but its pale substitute  wit .
Included among " all the rights , privileges , and immunities thereunto appertaining " in the top school degree was an arrogance or , at best , a condescending sympathy towards all those not familiar with the interior of the University Club , all those poor cabdrivers , waiter staff , and subway riders who never even heard about that favorite famous professor of our memory , let alone took lessons at his feet .
The ideas birthed by our elite colleges in the late 1800s morphed America into a socialist democracy , this sea change has had a boomerang effect on our university system — it now operates under the premise that college equals education and everybody has a right to it .
Politicians at all levels have borrowed against tomorrow to boost college attendance , and before all the seed corn ran out the university system gorged to its content — more Americans now hold college degrees than at any time in history .
Yet , the industry 's outsized growth did not improve the product , but diluted what little it had to offer to begin with .
At the top rung of the system ( in reputation , at least ) are the Ivy League colleges , which have long been diploma mills producing legions of dumbasses , schemers , and charlatans by the bushel , every graduated brain stuffed with the irrational ravings of select madmen and emptied of any shred of humility .
Chock full of an insatiable urge to " plan " and the ignorant arrogance to see it through , they are released upon humanity like a viral plague to assume their rightful positions of leadership , forever after to blunder the world into one disaster or another .
From Princeton graduate Woodrow Wilson , who gave us World War One , the War on Drugs , and the income tax , to Yale and Harvard product George W. Bush , who gave us Iraq , Afghanistan , the Patriot Act , and turned America into a pervasive surveillance society , the mark of the Ivy League graduate has been nothing but bloodshed and fields filled with skull and bones , corruption of the idea of education , and a vast wasting of wealth and liberty .
The best we can do for our nation 's future greatness and posterity is to take Harvard , Princeton , every one of the Ivies in fact , and turn them all to more useful pursuits , such as teaching auto repair or plumbing .
As for the poor saps who have already graduated and are running brain damaged about the globe , proudly waving their Ivy League degrees and causing untold mayhem , they are likely too far gone to be much use to anyone , though they might , after years of de-programming , make decent fry cooks .
Home Schooling
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance .
~ Will Durant
If it 's one thing I got from my foray into America 's college system , one thing that my outsized bloated paycheck granted me , it is my extensive home library , my pride and joy .
Lehman 's former CEO Dick Fuld got a mansion in Florida from the boom , and goody for him — I wish him well and envy him not a dot .
What I got for my part in the whole stock - jobbing frenzy was my refuge , and you might honestly say that everything I have ever learned I learned on my own , under my own direction .
A person will only become as educated as they make themselves .
There are multitudes of Americans with post - graduate degrees who have never cracked open a book under anything but outside direction , that have lived a life that has shown no urge towards that pursuit of knowledge which is always , when all is said and done , a process that is and must be self - directed .
To say that self - education leaves holes in your overall views of things , that it can lead to a stunted mind that will only dive into what it is sure to agree with can be correct , but there is an easy way around that .
Every book , at least every decent book , is full of footnotes and a bibliography that can lead the reader more deeply into the subject at hand , to look at the thing from a variety of angles .
The financial advantages to self - education can't be emphasized enough , either .
When Matt Damon 's character in Good Will Hunting mocked the arrogant Harvard student , asking him why he spends tens of thousands of dollars to be told to read things he could read by choice in the library for free , he was on to something .
Yet , if you insist on becoming a college man anyway , citing the salary discrepancies between the have degrees and the have not degrees , my advice to the young men who wrote to me , those holed up in college libraries clutching Mises and Rothbard to their furrowed brow , is to take stock of where you are and what college is really about .
Think about what position you are in .
A recent blog post by Lew Rockwell sums up that position perfectly — " as I walked on a university campus this morning … the girl - boy ratio was overwhelmingly girl . "
Have n’t you watched Animal House ?
What in God ’s name are you doing in the library ?
Who the hell goes to college to learn anything ?
Understood properly , America 's college system is not a haven of learning ; it is a four - year party with the background noise provided by tenured hacks giving their interpretations of foolish utopian schemes culled from other long - dead hacks .
In college happy hour is every hour , so remember to ignore your professors and let your dog off the leash ; it 's hunting season .
You are there to network , drink , smoke , and build up the fond , blurry memories that will allow you in later years to watch a porn movie and reminisce about when you used to get up to such wondrous madness .
Stop wasting valuable college time reading Mises and Hayek — they 'll be plenty of time for that later — and cease frittering away a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity .
Book Burning
It is possible to store the mind with a million facts and still be entirely uneducated .
~ Alec Bourne
Yet , while the Ivy Leagues — and all American universities , for that matter — are like a dark blot on the sun of knowledge , even if everyone avoided college this would by no means protect society from disaster .
It must be admitted that a self - educated man can be as much a Hindenburg as the college man ; he too can be encumbered with a favorite crackbrained theory .
Abraham Lincoln , a self - educated one - man wrecking crew of historic proportion , is the perfect case in point .
So I can take my library and my footnotes and bibliographies and my self - education and go stuff it .
Therefore , it would seem that what 's best for America , what 's best for our youth in general , is to stay away from books and learning completely .
Like the quip that sex is too good for the common people , the authoritarian fear that books and ideas are too dangerous for the rabble holds a lot of credence , as well .
A little bit of learning is a dangerous thing , and a lot of it is clearly beyond the bounds of most .
We need less college graduates and more people like Guy Montag from Fahrenheit 451 , burning every book within reach .
And when almost everyone 's brain is empty and dull , when calls by our educated elite to invade , forbid , or regulate will bring forth no response from the dull herd , when the only utopian crusade the American people can get worked up for or understand is one where we sit back on the couch , smoke , and play Madden NFL until the heart 's content and the lungs blacken — when that day comes we can all exhale , because only then will we will be happy , high , and safe from the mad ravings of the Ivy League graduate .
March 17 , 2009
The Best of C.J. Maloney
WASHINGTON -- Republicans railed against the Democrats ' massive economic - stimulus and spending bills as fiscally irresponsible , but some GOP lawmakers are taking credit for projects in their own districts funded by the measures .
" Washington needs to stop spending money that it does n't have , " Michigan Republican Rep .
Pete Hoekstra said in attacking the $ 410 billion omnibus - spending bill , which funds the government through September .
But once it passed , he touted its benefits for his district , which stretches along Lake Michigan .
...
OpenSolaris and Linux : filesystem setup
I 've recently moved to OpenSolaris from Linux , one of the reasons was to learn something new , and this included ZFS .
The fact is taht ZFS has changed the way I set up my filesystems .
Let me explain why .
My Linux setup
After many years of working with Linux I think I 've gained some experience in setting up filesystems .
The main requisites for me when setting up filesystems are that my $ HOME directory and my preferred applications should never be altered , even if I reinstall the whole operating system .
To be able to do this with Linux I had to set up different partitions on my hard disk .
One partition with my $ HOME stuff , and another partition with my peferred applications .
I also had another one with multimedia stuff ( all my music and videos were there ) and finally I had another one just for holding downloads and virtualization images ( VirtualBox and VMWare images ) .
I could end up with tons of partitions .
People was surprised that I had as much as 17 partitions on my hard drive .
The main benefits of this setup are that I could have different Linux distributions on the same hard disk , so for instance I could have both Ubuntu 8/10 and Ubuntu 8/04 on the same box .
This made it easier for me to evaluate a distribution before making it my default choice .
Of course this setup had some problems .
Whenever I installed a new distribution I could end up deleting the whole " .kde " directory in my $ HOME , so that my KDE preferrences could be regenerated for the new distribution .
But overall I was quite happy with the setup .
I could reinstall the whole stuff while preserving all my data .
But then OpenSolaris changed the way I work now .
Let 's see why .
OpenSolaris : why zfs changed the way I work
There 're tons of zfs tutorials out there .
Some of them show the benefits of ZFS with tons of USB dongles , some others show you the basics with a flash demo .
This is all very cool and very multimedia and whatever , but if you really want to learn zfs you 'd better read a very good ( and short ) first tutorial , and its continuation .
After that you can start doing some serious ZFS stuff .
Surprisingly this is not a Sun tutorial and , furthermore , it allows you to play with ZFS without having to partition your disk or having to use an arbitrary number of USB dongles .
You just need some files to play with it .
These are the features I liked most about ZFS :
you do n't have to format the ZFS pools ( you just say " I want to use that partition " and you 're all set ) .
So you do n't need to wait ages for " mkfs.ext " to finish .
the ZFS pools ( you just say " I want to use that partition " and you 're all set ) .
So you do n't need to wait ages for " mkfs.ext " to finish .
you can mount a ZFS pool wherever you want ( well , almost , see below ) so you 're not limited to the 1:1 relationship between partitions and mount points , as in Linux .
you can make a photo of a filesystem at a given moment in time , do whatever you need there , and then revert to the photo .
you can compress stuff , and this may be actually be better and faster for you if you have lots of idle CPU cycles to spare ( as I do ) .
and faster for you if you have lots of idle CPU cycles to spare ( as I do ) .
you can mirror stuff ( although I actually do n't )
you will be able to do enctryption ( this is on the works , though ) .
Wow , that 's a set of features , right ?
Something I did n't like about ZFS is that you can only use primary partitions , so I could not use ZFS in those other 17 partitions I used to have in my old system .
That was a little bit shocking but , hey , this is a new system so I tried to keep my mind open to new approaches .
The solution to using primary partitions was simple enough : delete those 17 partitions and create a single ( huge ) primary partition and create a ZFS pool there .
The solution is indeed simple but scary to someone that , like me , has been used to using different partitions for so many years .
Since you can create different ZFS filesystems within a single ZFS pool I could end up emulating those partitions as ZFS filesystems .
So to summarize : I have a big ZFS pool in a primary hard disk partition and different ZFS filesystems , instead of having different partitions as I used to have in Linux .
Installing different OpenSolaris versions
I still had one problem : how to install different OpenSolaris versions there ?
What will happen whenever OpenSolaris 09/06 is released ?
Will I have to reinstall the whole hard disk ?
The answer is no : OpenSolaris has the so called " Boot Environments " , that allow you to try out different versions , experiment with them , and then roll back the changes if you do n't like them .
D'oh !
But this is fantastic !
I can install a new release and , if things do n't work , roll it back to a previous state .
Is n't this cool ?
The fact is that I am still new to OpenSolaris Boot Environments , as I have never upgraded OpenSolaris 8/11 , but hey , there 's plenty of time for me to learn about them before 09/06 is released , right ?
So time for me to learn ( any good pointers to boot environment tutorials will be appreciated ) .
Happy open - solaris-ing ,
Antonio
P.S. : Of course I was a little bit confused with OpenSolaris disk device names , as there 's no more / dev/ sdan ] nor / dev/hda [n ] .
[ This guide proved very helpful .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Sent via : email
Body
Dear Sir / Madam ,
This letter is to report an infringement of copyright of my cliënt , mr. Tim Verbeek .
The infringed work is a photograph of my client , who holds the copyright to that photograph entirely .
1 . The work concerned can be found on http://www.timverbeek.com/ ( top left ) .
2 . Digg leads to the infringing material as follows : http://digg.com/world_news/La2day_com_in_payment_Default_CEO_Tim_Verbeek_is_a_scamster with the following caption : “ La2day.com in payment Default - CEO Tim Verbeek is a scamstergujjuweb.com — Tim Verbeek of La2day.com is a very shady character .
He has mastered the art of cheating , providing false information and is also not in right state of mind to do business with anyone ”
Both links lead to the web page : http://www.gujjuweb.com/forum-topic/topic/tim-verbeek-la2day-com-new-face-of-financial-terror
3 . For further information you can contact me : [ private ] [ private ]@vandiepen.com [ private ] 1070 KA Amsterdam The Netherlands tel. + 31 [ private ] fax + 31 [ private ]
4 . At present I do not know how to contact the person (s ) responsible for the posting , however , the concerned webforum specifies the following contact details ( http://www.gujjuweb.com/contact-us) : Gujjuweb [ private ] , Ahmedabad - 380 063 , India .
5 . I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law .
6 . I swear , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed .
I urge you to block / remove and surpress the above digg - links from your site at the earliest possible moment as the infringement is detrimental to my clients business ’ and private interests .
Best regards , [ private ] , attorney - at - law
The new chairman of the Republican National Committee , Michael Steele , apologized to Rush Limbaugh on Monday after describing him in a television interview over the weekend as an “ entertainer ” who made incendiary and sometimes ugly remarks , party officials said .
Mr. Steele called Mr. Limbaugh after the radio host belittled Mr. Steele on his show , questioning his authority and saying the new Republican leader was off “ to a shaky start . ”
“ It ’s time , Mr. Steele , for you to go behind the scenes and start doing the work that you were elected to do instead of trying to be some talking head media star , which you ’re having a tough time pulling off , ” Mr. Limbaugh said , in a transcript of his remarks he posted on his Web site .
“ Mr. Steele : You are head of the R.N.C. , ” Mr. Limbaugh said .
“ You are not head of the Republican Party .
Tens of millions of conservatives and Republicans have nothing to do with the R.N.C. and right now they want nothing to do with it . ”
The fight broke out at a time when Democrats have sought to portray Mr. Limbaugh as the new face of the Republican Party , a line that has been pushed in television advertisements financed by labor , as well as by the White House chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel .
Mr. Steele bristled after a questioner on CNN referred to Mr. Limbaugh as the de facto leader of the Republican Party on Saturday .
“ No he ’s not – I ’m the de facto leader of the Republican Party , ” Mr. Steele responded .
“ Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer , ” he said .
“ Rush Limbaugh , the whole thing is entertainment .
Yes , it ’s incendiary , yes , it ’s ugly . ”
Mr. Steele told Politico on Monday that he had called Mr. Limbaugh to apologize .
“ My intent was not to go after Rush – I have enormous respect for Rush Limbaugh , ” Mr. Steele told The Politico .
“ I was maybe a little bit inarticulate .
There was no attempt on my part to diminish his voice or his leadership . ”
Democrats reacted with glee to the exchange .
“ Michael Steele has denounced himself for renouncing Rush , ” said Paul Begala , an ally of Mr. Emanuel and one of the Democrats presenting Mr. Limbaugh as the face of the G.O.P .
“ Can anyone seriously argue now that Rush is not the unchallenged leader of the Republican Party ? ”
Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia , Mr. Steele ’s counterpart at the Democratic National Committee , said : “ Chairman Steele ’s reversal this evening and his apology to Limbaugh proves the unfortunate point that Limbaugh is the leading force behind the Republican Party , its politics and its obstruction of President Obama ’s agenda in Washington . ”
Wall Street CEOs , investment bankers charged prostitutes on corporate cards , madam says John Byrne
Published : Friday February 6 , 2009
Print This Email This Investment bankers racked up $ 100,000s in prostitution charges Visa , Mastercard or American Express ?
Or maybe a credit card from JP Morgan Chase ?
Wall Street CEOs , lawyers , bankers and media executives chalked up thousands of dollars in prostitution charges on their corporate credit cards -- swiping their cards for $ 2,000 an hour prostitutes , according to a New York madam who pleaded guilty last year .
Kristin Davis , the madam in question , went public to ABC News this week ; ABC will be broadcasting her interview Friday at 10 pm .
Davis says she has a list of 9,800 clients , many of whom she says New York prosecutors deliberately avoided when taking her case , even though she offered them her annotated client list .
In what 's sure to create a media firestorm parallel to that of when a Washington , DC madam announced that she was publishing her client list ( which included at least one senator ) , Davis ' comments come at a time where incredible ire is already focused on Wall Street and banking executives .
The pressure for her to release the list will certainly be immense .
But the pressure from New York 's finest prosecuting team was nearly zero , Davis said .
" They showed no interest , " Davis quipped , alleging that they ignored that numerous corporate titans had used her services .
" Some of these guys , I was invoicing on corporate credit cards , " she said .
" I was writing up monthly bills for computer consulting , construction expenses , all of these things , I was invoicing them monthly so they could get it by their accountants . "
District attorney Robert Morgenthau 's spokesman was said to have " no comment " on the handling of Davis ' case or her allegations .
Davis provided the network with a print - out of her computerized client list , the same one she says that she offered the district attorney .
Among the names the network says it confirmed
* a vice president of NBC Universal ( owned by General Electric )
* the part owner of a Major League Baseball team who " loves Kelsey "
* the CEO of one of the country 's largest private equity firms who met " Cameron " at the Peninsula Hotel
* a major New York real estate developer who , according to the list , " will come to the door wearing women 's panties "
* a partner at the Wall Street law firm Cravath Swaine Moore " looking for a party girl to come fully equipped " and spent a total of $ 20,000
* an investment banker from Lehman Brothers who saw " Kelsey and Keely together " and later saw " Aria and Skyler at the same time "
* an investment banker at JP Morgan Securities who " loves Brooke " and spent $ 41,600
* an investment banker at Goldman Sachs who " only wanted all - American girls " and spent $ 27,000
* a managing director from Merrill Lynch who saw " Lana " using the name " Nataly "
* a managing director from Deutsche Bank " who called about seeing Nataly again "
ABC said in their broadcast that for the individuals mentioned above , they could not confirm that the payments were made on corporate cards .
Davis told the network she disguised the charges in various ways so they would appear to be legitimate business expenses when accountants sifted through credit card statements .
One CEO , she said , ordered her to send him invoices for " roof repair on a warehouse " to disguise the charge for prostitutes from corporate funds .
Davis says she has n't yet decided whether to release the full 9,800 - name list publicly .
Happy Valentine 's : Join MatchMaker for free .
Cape Wind , the nation ’s first proposed offshore wind farm , moved one step closer to final approval on Friday , when the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) issued a favorable final review of the project .
Please click here for a story in the Boston Globe .
Please click here for the full report from MMS .
Support for Cape Wind is broad in Massachusetts ; in fact , the project has helped create awareness of , and demand for marketing materials made with renewable energy .
I hope this project moves to construction , as it would provide much - needed electricity to Massachusetts , and would serve as a shining example of renewable energy ingenuity for this region .
THE SILVER SPACEMAN ( shot in the woods of upstate NY by Liaizon Wakest , 2012 )
Three Canadians are dead and four others injured after a drunk driver fell asleep at the wheel of his tractor - trailer and smashed in a bus full of tourists in rural Mexico .
At least 11 people died in the accident , including eight Americans .
The bus was transporting a tour group , mostly made up of Americans and Canadians , from McAllen , Tex. , to Zacatecas , when it was hit by a transport truck .
Coahuila state police said 26 people were on the bus , and that they were mostly retirees .
Police said the truck driver appears to have fallen asleep and smashed into the oncoming bus , slicing it open along one side .
The Canadian Press has identified the Canadians killed as : 56 - year - old Robert Lacas from Quebec City , Carolyn Kowaleski , 68 , of Caledonia , Ont. and Marilyn Jackson , 67 , of Vancouver .
Lacas 's wife , Line Carrier , was one of four Canadians believed to be injured and taken to hospital .
Carrier 's son , Christian Poulin , said the couple was on a six - month working holiday in Mexico .
The two left their home in October and had left their car in a campground in McAllen last weekend before boarding the bus for their Mexican trip .
" They were a couple that loved each other and still had a sparkle in their eyes when they looked at each other , " Poulin told CP .
" They raised their family , worked hard and were thinking about themselves -- and it was time to do that -- and sadly misfortune has befallen them . "
According to Poulin , no one at the hospital where Carrier is being treated speaks English or French .
Relatives are attempting to secure a translator for her , he said .
One of Lacas 's co-workers , Jean - Luc Morin , said the couple had set aside six months to travel through the southern United States .
They were due back in Quebec at the end of April so Lacas could speak at a conference , Morin told CP .
Lacas worked at the Quebec Centre for Industrial Research for 20 years before starting his own consulting company in 2002 , CP reported .
Carrier retired last September .
A 67 - year - old woman from Vancouver was also reported to have been killed in the accident .
The crash occurred about 50 kilometres outside of Saltillo , the capital of Coahuila state .
Polo Sandoval , a reporter from KRGV TV in Rio Grande Valley , Tex. , said that Coahuila State Police believe the driver of the tractor trailer was under the influence of either drugs or alcohol at the time of the accident .
" There are preliminary indications that show that he was under the influence of either drugs or alcohol and he veered off the road there near Monterrey , Mexico , about three hours south of the ( U.S. ) border , " Sandoval told CTV Newsnet during an interview on Tuesday afternoon .
" And then in his attempt to gain control of the tractor trailer he over - corrected himself and unfortunately that took him right into traffic and into the oncoming path of the bus . "
Sandoval said that 15 injured passengers , as well as the truck driver and one of the bus drivers , have been taken to three local hospitals .
Foreign Affairs has still not confirmed that Canadians were among the dead and a spokesperson confirmed few details about the incident earlier Tuesday .
" We are aware that Canadian citizens were involved in the accident and are providing consular assistance as required , " Alain Cacchione told CTV.ca .
" No further information can be provided at this time . "
According to newspaper reports , the dead passengers included four children , as well as the bus driver , who was identified as Cesar Garcia Huerta .
I decided just now that I ’m going to solve all my problems by issuing bounties .
- Alex
P.S. $ 5 bounty to anyone who brings me all my laundry , washed and folded .
Sirius XM got a reprieve from bankruptcy Tuesday by agreeing to an under - the - gun deal with Liberty Media which will ensure at least three years of continued service .
But the respite does not come cheaply :
The parent company of DirectTV is taking a 40 percent stake in the once high - flying company and providing an immediate cash fusion at payday loan store rates so it can meet a $ 172 million obligation that is due today .
For the beleaguered Sirius XM , this deal or something like it was an absolute necessity .
It owed $ 172 million in convertible notes due Tuesday , has another $ 750 million or so in loans due later this year , and its cash reserves were running low .
Last week , the company was revealed to be preparing for bankruptcy , but this deal averts that scenario .
In the first phase of the $ 530 million deal , Liberty Media will loan Sirius XM $ 280 million — $ 250 million of which the satellite radio company receives Tuesday , in order to deal with the immediately - maturing notes .
This loan bears a whopping 15 percent interest rate , but Sirius XM wo n’t have to pay it back until December 2012 .
Phase two of the deal will see Liberty loan Sirius XM
subsidiary XM radio another $ 150 million , and it has also promised to buy up to $ 100
million of Sirius XM ’s existing loans — some of which the satellite radio company owed to the satellite television company Echostar , which had itself expressed interest in acquiring Sirius XM .
After these loans are made , Liberty Media will get 12.5 million shares of preferred stock in Sirius XM , convertible into 40 percent of the general SIRI stock , and will also receive 40 percent of the seats on Sirius XM ’s board of directors .
For satellite radio fans , the deal represents at least another three more years of uninterrupted satellite radio service .
And Sirius XM CEO Mel Karmazin appears to have dodged a bullet by securing a loan of this magnitude at a time when credit is tight for any company , let alone one that uses expensive satellites to distribute audio programming .
" We are pleased to have come to this agreement with Liberty Media , particularly in light of today ’s challenging credit markets , " stated Karmazin .
" Liberty ’s investment is an important validation of what Sirius XM has already achieved and a vote of confidence in what we will achieve .
This agreement enables Sirius XM to continue to develop the opportunities first outlined in the merger of Sirius
and XM .
By strengthening our capital structure and enhancing our financial flexibility , this investment allows us to continue providing the great content and innovative programming our subscribers know and love . "
Sirius XM stock rose sharply on the news :
See Also :
Perhaps the most striking aspect of president George W. Bush is his inability to actually take responsibility for anything .
I 'm not sure quite where this comes from - daddy , drink or denial , or some gruesome combination of the three - but check this out :
I do n't know -- the biggest regret of all the presidency has to have been the intelligence failure in Iraq .
A lot of people put their reputations on the line and said the weapons of mass destruction is a reason to remove Saddam Hussein .
It was n't just people in my administration ; a lot of members in Congress , prior to my arrival in Washington D.C. , during the debate on Iraq , a lot of leaders of nations around the world were all looking at the same intelligence .
And , you know , that 's not a do - over , but I wish the intelligence had been different , I guess .
Observe the passive constructions .
The description of others .
" People in my administration . "
" Prior to my arrival . "
Everyone got it wrong but him , the one person ultimately responsible for getting it right .
And then this stumble backwards into the truth :
I do n't spend a lot of time really worrying about short - term history .
I guess I do n't worry about long - term history , either , since I 'm not going to be around to read it -- ( laughter ) -- but , look , in this job you just do what you can .
He sure did , did n't he ?
We can also conclude from the interview that his decision to authorize the torture of prisoners from the Oval Office did not compromise his principles .
And you know what ?
I do n't think it did .
( Photo : Jim Watson / AFP / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Last month , a U.S. fighter aircraft tracked and shot down an Iranian drone .
Details — first reported by Danger Room — have been elusive , but the U.S. military has now confirmed the incident .
Multinational Forces Iraq spokesman Col. Scott Maw tells Danger Room that coalition fighters intercepted an Iranian unmanned aerial vehicle over Iraqi airspace on Feb. 25 .
The UAV , an Ababil - 3 ( pictured here ) , was " tracked as it crossed the border . "
Coalition aircraft were sent up to visually ID the drone .
Finally , they did , and then shot it down " over 25 miles from the Iraq - Iran border . "
All told , the UAV was tracked " for an hour and 10 minutes before it was shot down . "
Maj . Gen. Abdul Aziz Mohammed Jassim , head of military operations at the Iraqi Defense Ministry , also confirmed the incident , telling Reuters : " An unmanned Iranian plane crossed the border and it was discovered by multi-national forces ' radar .
They intercepted it and brought it down ... an American plane brought it down . "
According to Jassim , the incursion was most likely a " mistake . "
Initially , coalition press officials would neither confirm nor deny the incident .
But the presence of Iranian drones over Iraq — and the confirmation of the shoot - down — raise new questions about Tehran 's unmanned aircraft capabilities and its intentions .
– Nathan Hodge and Noah Shachtman
[ Photo : Globalsecurity.org * ] *
How sweet is life when you live next to a celebrity in Malibu ?
Outside Bob Dylan ’s house , the answer , my friend , is blowin’ in the wind .
That ’s what some of the singer - songwriter ’s neighbors are charging in an increasingly odoriferous dispute over a portable toilet at his sprawling ocean view estate on Point Dume .
Residents contend that the nighttime sea breeze sends a noxious odor from a portable toilet on Dylan ’s property wafting into their homes .
The stench has made members of one family ill and forced them to abandon their bedrooms on warm nights , they say .
Advertisement
For more than six months , Dylan , 67 , has ignored their complaints and their pleas to remove the outhouse , the downwind neighbors say .
“ It ’s a scandal -- ‘ Mr. Civil Rights ’ is killing our civil rights , ” said David Emminger , whose home is directly behind the toilet -- which is apparently intended for use by employees of the entertainer best known for his 1960s - era protest songs .
Emminger and his wife have installed five industrial - sized fans in their frontyard in an attempt to blow the odor back at Dylan .
They say the fans are no match for the ocean breeze that sweeps across the singer ’s land , however .
Dylan , who has lived in a compound next to Bluewater Road for more than two decades , did not respond to inquiries about the toilet .
Neither did his New York - based attorney .
Advertisement
Malibu officials said they are investigating the complaint .
As a result , they are unable to discuss the issue , they said .
But Dylan ’s neighbors who contend their patience has run out have plenty to say about the odor .
“ It started in September .
I ’d go into the frontyard and get nauseous , ” said Cindy Emminger , 42 .
“ I could n’t figure out at first where the smell was coming from . ”
Her 8 - year - old son , David Jr. , was sickened by the stench .
Then she became ill too .
Advertisement
“ We both have allergies and are sensitive to chemicals , ” she said .
“ I finally noticed that they had moved the porta - potty directly in front of my front door . ”
By some accounts , the city ’s response has been sluggish .
In January , one inspector reported that a city code enforcement officer was turned away by Dylan ’s security staff and told that he was trespassing .
“ He said they were going to sue the city , ” the inspector said .
Guards who staff a security shack near the edge of Dylan ’s compound around the clock are among those who utilize the toilet , neighbors say .
Advertisement
The guardhouse has been the source of controversy in the past .
In 1989 , when Dylan sought a permit to build it , Los Angeles County building and safety inspectors discovered it was not accessible to the handicapped .
According to county records , the singer bypassed accessibility requirements by promising , in writing , that he “ would not hire any handicapped persons ” to work in it .
Malibu City Manager Jim Thorsen denied Emminger ’s charge that officials allow celebrities to “ dictate terms ” to the city .
“ There ’s no truth in that whatsoever .
Everybody , in our opinion , is a high - profile person .
We have to treat everybody by what the code says .
It ’s not a matter of clout or of money .
We treat everybody exactly the same , ” Thorsen said .
Advertisement
Although Malibu ’s municipal laws apparently do not directly address the issue of the permanent use of a portable toilet , one code section states that temporary structures connected to authorized construction projects must be removed upon completion of the project .
Another prohibits objectionable odor “ in excess of what is normally found in the neighborhood . ”
“ I drove by one time and could n’t locate the porta - potty or smell anything .
I called the rental company on her behalf to find out what chemicals they use and forwarded that information to her , ” Thorsen said .
“ It ’s worse when it ’s misty outside at night .
We turn on the five fans , but it still gets inside our house .
We ’re not even using the upstairs now .
We sleep downstairs , ” she said .
Advertisement
--
bob.pool@latimes.com
u201CThere went out a decree from Caesar Augustus , u201D says St. Luke on why Mary and Joseph found themselves in Bethlehem , u201 Cthat all the world should be taxed .
u201D Joseph had to go to his own city because the tyrannical Roman government was conducting a census .
But the information may have been used for more than just taxation .
The Roman government ’s local ruler later decided he wanted to find the Christ child and kill Him .
Did the government make use of census data to find out where the members of the House of David were ?
We ca n’t know for sure , although a later Roman despot did .
But we can know that Joseph made a huge error in obeying the census takers in the first place .
They were up to no good .
In fact , another group of religious Jews in Judea decided that they would not comply with the Roman government ’s demand to count and tax them .
The group was known as the u201CZealotsu201D ( yes , that ’s where the word came from ) .
They saw complying with the census as equivalent to submitting to slavery .
Many ended up paying for their principled stand with their lives .
And yet , their resistance arguably made would - be tyrants more cautious .
For 10 centuries after Constantine , when feudal Europe was broken up into thousands of tiny principalities and jurisdictions , no central government was in a position to collect data on its citizens .
This is one of the many great merits of radically decentralized political systems :
There is no central power that controls the population through data gathering and population enumeration .
The only exception in Europe in those years was William the Conqueror who , after 1066 , attempted to establish in England a centralized and authoritarian society on the Roman model .
That meant , in the first instance , a census .
The census was compiled in The Domesday Book , Domesday meaning the day of reckoning or last judgement , so named by an Anglo - Saxon monk because it represented the end of the world for English freedom .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
A predecessor to today ’s tax rolls , it functioned as a hit list for the conquering state to divide property up as it wished .
u201CThere was no single hide nor yard of land , u201D read a contemporary account , u201 Cnor indeed one ax nor one cow nor one pig was there left out , and not put down on the record .
u201D
Eventually the attempt to keep track of the population for purposes of taxes led to the Magna Carta , the foundational statement of limits on the state ’s power .
The Doomesday Book established the precedent for many other attempts at compiling information .
But according to Martin Van Creveld ( author of The Rise and Decline of the State , 1999 ) , the information - gathering techniques of these times were so primitive , and the governments so decentralized , that the data were largely useless .
On the Continent , for example , no government was in the position of demanding a comprehensive census .
That began to change in the 16th century , when the nation - state began to gain a foothold against the countervailing power of the church , free cities and local lords .
In France , the first modern philosopher of the state , John Bodin , urged that a census be taken to better control the people .
Also in France , writes Voltaire , Louis XIV tried but failed to develop a comprehensive accounting of u201 Cthe number of inhabitants in each district — nobles , citizens , farm workers , artisans and workmen — together with livestock of all kinds , land of various degrees of fertility , the whole of the regular and secular clergy , their revenues , those of the towns and those of the communities .
u201D
It turned out that this was just a utopian fantasy .
Even if the Sun King could have devised the form , it would have been impossible to force people to surrender all that information .
The Rise and Decline o... Martin Van Creveld Best Price : $ 5.22 Buy New $ 9.95 ( as of 10:47 EST - Details )
The first censuses of the 18th century were taken in Iceland and Sweden using depopulation as an excuse .
But America after the revolution of 1776 faced no such problem , and the generation that complained of British tax agents knew better than to invest government with the power to collect information on citizens .
In the Articles of the Confederation , drafted in the days of full revolutionary liberty , each state had one vote , no matter how many representatives it sent to Congress .
There was no demand for a census because the central government , such as it was , had no power to do much at all .
It was with the U.S. Constitution in 1787 that the real troubles began .
The document permitted more powers to the federal government than any free person should tolerate ( as Patrick Henry argued ) , and the inclusion of a census was evidence of the problem .
The framers added the demand for a census in the interests of fully representing the people in the legislature , they said .
They would have two legislative houses , one representing the states and the other the people in the states .
For the latter , they would need a head count .
Hence , the government would count heads every 10 years .
Why else was a head count needed ?
Article I , Section 2 , included an ominous mention of taxes , recalling not only Caesar Augustus but the whole tyrannical history of using the census to control people : u201CRepresentatives and direct
Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union , according to their respective Numbers , which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons , including those bound to Service for a Term of Years , and excluding Indians not taxed , three - fifths of all other Persons .
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent Term of ten Years , in such Manner as they shall by Law direct .
u201D
The 1790 census seemed innocent enough , but by 1810 , matters already were out of control :
For the first time , the government started demanding information on occupations .
Fortunately for the American people , the records were burned by the British in 1813 , leaving hardly a trace for the state to use to expand its power .
And yet , the state would not be held back , and the census became ever more intrusive .
The lesson of the history of the U.S. census is this :
Any power ceded to a government will be abused , given time .
Today , the long - form of the census asks for details of your life that you would never tell a neighbor or a private business .
A total of 52 questions , some outrageously intrusive , appear on it .
Speaking of Liberty Jr. , Llewellyn H. Rock ...
Best Price : $ 1.80 Buy New $ 8.65 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
Every census is worse than the last .
The 1990 census asked for the year of your birth , but the 2000 census wants to know the day and the month , not to mention the race and relation of every person in the house , along with the number of toilets and much more .
And what is this information used for ?
Mostly for social and economic central planning — an activity the government should n’t be engaged in at all .
This is n’t a biased rendering of the objectives of the census .
The Census Bureau itself says , u201CInformation collected in Census 2000 will provide local area data needed for communities to receive federal program funds and for private sector and community planning .
u201D
You only have to ask yourself what any 18th - or 19th - century liberal would have thought of the idea of u201 Cprivate - sectoru201D and community planning undertaken by the central state .
Indeed , very few Americans trust their government enough to allow it to engage in planning .
Consider the incompetent Census Bureau itself .
The letters it sent out in advance of the forms put an extra digit in front of the addresses , as the head of the bureau admitted in a Feb. 26 press release , while trying to blame it on someone else .
And these are the people we are supposed to trust to gather information on us to plan our lives ?
No thanks .
The letter from the government says , u201CCensus counts are used to distribute government funds to communities and states for highways , schools , health facilities and many other programs you and your neighbors need .
u201D
In short , the purpose is no different from that of William the Conqueror ’s : to redistribute property and exercise power .
Clearly , we ’ve come a long way from the head - counting function of the census .
Moreover , there are quite a few of us out here who do n’t believe that we u201 Cneedu201D these programs .
What ’s worse , the point of the original census was not to apportion a fixed number of House members among the states .
It was rationally to expand the number of people serving in the House as the population grew .
But after the Civil War , the number of House members stopped growing , so there ’s not much point to the census at all now — or at least no purpose consistent with liberty .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
Moreover , if a head count were all that was needed , the job could be done by using data from private companies or the U.S. Postal Service .
But the census wants more than that .
Why ?
Forget all the official rationales .
The real reason the government wants the information is to control the population .
The promises that the data wo n’t be used at your expense is worth the same as all government promises : zippo .
What is a freeman supposed to do when he receives the form in the mail ?
First , remember that information is the foundational infrastructure of the would - be total state .
Without it , the state is at a loss .
And then consider whether the costs associated with noncompliance are outweighed by the subjective benefit one receives from joining with all free people in resisting the government ’s data - collection efforts .
Finally , consider the limited purposes for which the Framers sought to use the census , and ask yourself whether the central government of today really can be trusted with knowing what is better kept to yourself .
For many years , voluntary compliance has been falling .
In anticipation of this problem , the Census Bureau has been relying on wholly owned sectors of society to propagandize for its campaign .
The Sesame Street character named Count von Count is touring public schools to tell the kids to tell their parents to fill out the census , even as more than 1 million census kits have been sent to public schools around the country .
Think of it as the state using children to manipulate their parents into becoming volunteers in the civic - planning project .
It is a bullish sign for liberty that the government only achieved 65 percent mail - in compliance in 1990 .
And given the decline in respect for government that characterizes the Clinton era , you can bet it will be even lower today .
If you do choose to fill out the census , some commentators have recommended you adhere strictly to the Constitution and admit only how many people live in your household .
That such a tactic is considered subversive indicates just how far we ’ve come from 18th - century standards of intrusion .
In 1941 , Gustav Richter , an aide to Adolf Eichmann , was sent to Romania to gather information about the Jewish population in a census , with the ultimate goal of plotting a mass deportation to the Belzec concentration camp .
But Romania cut off all political relations with the Nazis and , as a result , the Jewish population was spared the fate of Jews in Poland and Austria .
Just as the Zealots of the first century knew , when a government seeks information on people , it is up to no good .
There went out a decree from Clinton Augustus that all the country should fill out the census .
But think of this :
If Joseph had known what was in store for him , he might have thought twice about taking that long trek to Bethlehem just because the government told him so .
This article originally appeared in Insight magazine .
Books by Lew Rockwell
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Advertisements
As many of you know Sen .
John McCain ’s daughter Megan has been involved in a feud with conservative pariah Ann Coulter , which spawned a sub feud with talk show host Laura Ingraham , who criticized Ms. McCain ’s weight , which led to McCain going on The View today and absolutely destroying Ingraham .
It was an act of genius for McCain to go The View .
Here is the video courtesy of ThinkProgress :
McCain was guaranteed a sympathetic audience by going on The View .
Ms. McCain said , “ The worst part about it for me is that with my personal blog a significant majority of the readers are young women …
What do young women think when I want to speak my mind about politics , and I want to have a political discussion about the ideological future of the Republican Party , and the answer is she ’s fat , she should n’t have an opinion .
What kind of message are we sending young women ? ”
She added , “ I am a political writer on a blog , and all of the sudden I am too fat to write . ”
Advertisements
Ms. McCain also paraphrased Tyra Banks and told Ingraham to kiss her fat ass , “ When Tyra Banks went on her show in her bathing suit and said , “ Kiss my fat ass . ”
That ’s what I feel right now .
I ’m like “ Kiss my fat ass ! ” Ingraham replied today by calling her insults satire , “ But look the bottom line is it ’s rough and tumble out there .
You wanna put yourself out there as someone who ’s going to redirect the future of the Republican Party , and you ’re going to have to deal with satire .
You ’re gonna have to deal with people teasing .
You ’re gonna have to deal with , you know , sometimes the kitchen gets a little hot ! ….
You gotta just take a chill pill .
…
Can I say lighten up or is that offensive too ? ”
Let ’s call this exchange what it really is .
This is a version of political payback by the right wingers for John McCain ’s 2008 election defeat .
The problem for Coulter and Ingraham is that Megan McCain is proving herself to be smarter and more politically savvy , then these so called conservative opinion leaders .
Laura Ingraham just got her head handed to her by a 24 year old blogger .
The majority movement in the Republican Party currently is to purge the moderates such as Michael Steele and Megan McCain , and then shift more to the right .
Insulting McCain ’s weight is not satire or political discussion .
It is a cheap shot , designed to emotionally injure .
I am going to bet that McCain picked up a ton of new readers and supporters by defending women and girls who do n’t have perfect bodies .
Ingraham has done McCain a huge favor , she may have thought that she was talking tough , but the end result for her will be continued criticism and scorn .
Ingraham has always been on the conservative talker ( B ) team , and this incident will likely move her further down the depth chart .
The teenager 's family said she was set for an " outstanding academic career " A teenage girl has died after suffering serious head injuries when a makeshift sledge crashed in South Yorkshire .
Francesca Anobile , 16 , of Mosborough , Sheffield , was among five girls hurt in the incident at Rother Valley Country Park , near Killamarsh , on Tuesday .
She was airlifted to hospital in Sheffield , where she later died .
Her friend Nikki Burns , also 16 and from Sheffield , was seriously injured .
Another 17 - year - old girl is being treated for head and leg injuries .
The two other girls , both aged 16 , were treated for minor injuries and later discharged from hospital .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
South Yorkshire Police described the accident as " a tragic sledging incident " .
In a statement , Francesca 's family said she was a " beautiful , witty , intelligent and popular young woman with everything to live for " .
They said : " She was set for an outstanding academic career and had an unbelievable work ethic .
" She was loving and supportive to everyone she came in contact with , whether friends or family , and was a friend to all .
The whole family are extremely proud of her . "
Laura Simpson , who saw the accident , said Francesca was her best friend and was " amazing " .
We looked on and just hoped that they were going to get up but no one did
Jules McKay , eyewitness
She said : " I was the only one who did n't get on .
I had to watch it all .
I watched them come down .
I just decided not to get on .
I do n't even know why .
" We were more or less inseparable , never a day would go by without us speaking or anything .
" I 've just lost a big part of my life . "
Sue Simmons , head teacher at Westfield Sports College where Francesca had attended , said the teenager had achieved 15 GCSEs at grade A or A * and had been studying for her A - levels at Sheffield College .
Barbed wire Mrs Simmons said : " We are deeply upset by Francesca 's death .
" Francesca was a gifted and talented student who was an absolute joy to teach .
" What has happened is absolutely heartbreaking . "
She said the college had postponed its GCSE presentation evening , due to be held next week , as a mark of respect for all the girls involved in the crash .
The girls had been using an improvised metal sledge , made from an upturned Land Rover roof , which went through a barbed wire fence .
Police and park staff have closed off the hill to sledging
It then struck a separate section of fence in a field being used for cattle grazing .
Jules McKay , who saw the accident , said : " There were a lot of people on the slope .
Everyone was sledging as normal and having a good time .
" All of a sudden , at a tremendous speed , came this roof with the girls on it .
It was so fast they could n't jump from it .
" We looked on and just hoped that they were going to get up but no one did . "
Police are liaising with park rangers and the Health and Safety Executive in their investigation into the accident .
The South Yorkshire force issued a warning about the dangers of playing on snow and ice .
A spokesman said : " Police would like to highlight the importance of personal safety during this period of adverse weather and advise everyone to take extra care when playing out in the snow and ice . "
Rotherham Council said it had taken steps to prevent people sledging on that particular slope .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Galapagos Islands , which provided Charles Darwin with important evidence about evolution are under threat .
The islands ' rich unique species are attracting record numbers of tourists and scientists fear that the impact could be devastating .
Leading conservationists made their warning on the eve of the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birth .
BBC Environment Correspondent , David Shukman has visited the archipelago and sent this report .
Mozilla 's Ubiquity add - on for Firefox , the so - called " command line interface for the web " has been updated .
The new release features substantial interface and speed improvements , and it's an essential update for anyone who considers themselves a web power user .
Ubiquity , which we looked at in - depth on Webmonkey a few months ago , is an experimental add - on created by the engineers at Mozilla Labs .
Simply put , it 's a command line user interface for the open web at large – it allows users to manipulate web services by typing commands into the browser using plain language .
You can grab the brand new Ubiquity 0.1.3 from Mozilla 's development wiki .
But with a version number like that , you should exercise caution – it's still in the pre-release stage .
The new user interface makes Ubiquity a much more powerful everyday tool .
In the new version , just start typing something and you 'll immediately see options to Twitter , search and e-mail , even if you have n't typed any of Ubiquity 's keyboard shortcuts for specific services .
The add - on will remember the services you use the most and bring those to the top .
Frequent Twitterer ?
The option to tweet will always appear at the top of the list , as it did for me .
You 'll also notice the new interface is much faster and more responsive .
Live results are pulled in quickly , especially for web searches and maps .
The biggest change is that the add - on simply looks nicer :
The maps interface , which you bring up by typing " m " and an address or location , is especially elegant :
If you do n't like the new look , this update includes the ability to skin Ubiquity however you 'd like using CSS .
There are instructions on the Mozilla wiki .
Dig in to your about : config file and search for Ubiquity to see where your skins live and to try out the five or six skins that are installed with the update .
A browser restart is required every time you swap skins .
Immigration
Process
When a Canadian Immigration applicant becomes a client of Abrams & Krochak , the first thing he / she will receive from the firm is a package containing all the necessary forms , document checklists and instructions to begin the Canadian Immigration Application process .
Life in
Canada Canada is a cultural mosaic , built by a society that respects and celebrates many cultures from around the world .
Immigrants count for roughly 20 % of the total Canadian population , with many new Canadians choosing to reside in urban areas such as Toronto , Montreal or Vancouver .
TNR has collected an assortment of quotes from leading Republicans on the hill about executive bonuses and boy are they a doozy .
Remember how just a few weeks ago the thought of limiting executive compesation for corporate executives was pure socialism for Republicans ?
" I really do n't want the government to take over these businesses and start telling them everything about what they can do . "
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell told ABC
News in February , when asked about Obama 's proposed limits on executive compensation .
Senator Jim DeMint , who attacked the original bailout bill as " pure socialism , " characterized executive pay caps as a dangerous government intervention .
" I think it 's a sad day in America when the government starts setting pay , no matter how outlandish they [ sic ] are , " DeMint told the Huffington Post .
" This is just a symptom of what happens when the government intervenes and we start controlling all aspects of the economy . "
DeMint 's right - wing compatriot , James Inhofe , also equated limits on compensation with the demise of the American way .
" As I was listening to [ Obama ] make those statements I thought , is this still America ?
Do we really tell people how to run [ a business ] , and who to pay , and how much to pay ? "
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Let ’s Keep That Corporate Pre-Trial Agreement Under Wraps , Okay ?
23 Corporate Crime Reporter 8 , February 20 , 2009
You are a big shot lawyer .
You represent a big shot corporation .
The government is investigating your client for major criminal activity .
You are negotiating with the government for a pre-trial settlement .
You do n’t want the company indicted .
You are willing to enter into one of those corporate deferred or non-prosecution agreements .
But you do n’t want the settlement agreement itself to be made public .
Let ’s keep that thing under wraps , your client demands .
Is that something that can be negotiated with the Justice Department ?
Apparently , the answer is – yes .
The agreements between the Justice Department and corporate defendants are just that – negotiated agreements .
So , why not negotiate ?
In 2007 , attorneys for The Holy Spirit Association for the Unification of World Christianity did just that .
The association was founded by Reverend Sun Myung Moon .
The case involved the alleged illegal capture of thousands of undersized – under 36 inches in length – leopard sharks out of the San Francisco Bay and selling them to aquarium dealers in the U.S. , the United Kingdom , and the Netherlands .
The attorneys cut a non-prosecution agreement with the U.S. Attorney in San Francisco .
As part of the deal , the association agreed to pay the government $ 500,000 .
May we see a copy of the agreement ?
No you may not , the U.S. Attorney ’s office says .
Why not ?
The parties agreed that it will not be made public .
How many of these negotiated secret corporate settlements are there out there ?
Is it possible that there are more secret corporate settlements that the public does n’t know about ?
No comment , says Criminal Division spokesperson Laura Sweeney .
Home
There is definitely a great divide between those who like the concept behind MacHeist and those who do not .
Regardless , the event hands out a plethora of free software , puts a decent bundle up for sale at the end , raises a fair amount of money for charity each year , and — despite how some people feel — does n't force a single developer into participating .
This year , the promotion has netted users a number of applications worth over $ 500 , including Scribbles , Typinator , and KavaTunes .
The event is now winding down , the bundle is ready to go , and the team is trying something new : it 's announcing the bundle live via web stream .
Tomorrow night at 8:00 PM EDT Lisa Bettany , who plays one of the main characters in the briefings ; Veronica Belmont , host of a number of shows on PSN ; and Chris Pirillo , CNN.com tech personality , will be revealing the included applications .
Last year , the bundle had some quality applications in it .
For $ 49 , purchasers got popular apps such as 1 Password , CoverSutra , CSSEdit , and Pixelmator , as well as some lesser - known stuff to fill out the bundle .
Needless to say , some people are pretty excited to see what this year 's bundle brings .
I am sworn to secrecy , but I have seen this year 's bundle .
I can say that there are a couple of apps included that I could see myself using on a fairly regular basis and possibly making part of my everyday workflow .
Additionally , there are some apps that I 'm interested in trying , but without the bundle , I probably would n't consider purchasing .
There are also some applications in this bundle that may give some popular mainstays in the Mac community a run for their money with the added publicity .
The web stream can be viewed tomorrow night by going to macheist.com .
( CNN ) -- President Obama and Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Adm. Michael Mullen on Saturday discussed how the U.S. military can assist Mexico in addressing growing violence from drug cartels , according to a military official .
Mexican authorities discovered three headless bodies in Tijuana on Tuesday .
The conversation , which Obama initiated within hours of Mullen 's return to the United States from a visit to Mexico City , underscores the growing concern with which the United States views the situation .
" The president was eager to get the chairman 's observations on what he found out , " the official told CNN .
The president expressed interest in military capabilities that the U.S. has that could help Mexican forces , including intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance technology , the official said .
Mexico 's military and police have been embroiled in increasingly violent clashes with cartels , which are battling among themselves for control over an ever - growing market in the United States .
This week , a U.S. citizen was among the three decapitated bodies found in Tijuana , Mexican authorities said Saturday .
Growing drug violence has made beheadings in Tijuana , Juarez and other Mexican towns more commonplace over the past year .
Do n't Miss Mexico pours troops into border city
The Tijuana attorney general 's office identified the man as Jorge Natividad Norman Harrison , 45 , who ran a pizzeria in El Mirador , in Tijuana .
The bodies were found Tuesday .
In a written statement , Mexican officials said they found firearms and more than 100 Valium pills in a search of Harrison 's business .
The statement also noted that he had a criminal history in the United States for drugs and conspiracy .
CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
All About Tijuana • Illegal Drugs • Barack Obama
It may have been expected , but that does n’t make it right .
Late Thursday , cereal and snack manufacturer Kellogg ’s announced that it will not renew its sponsorship contract with 14 - time Olympic gold medal champion Michael Phelps .
The company said that Phelps ’ recent acknowledgment of marijuana use , and subsequent apology , was “ not consistent with the image ” of the company .
We disagree !
As NORML wrote earlier this week , it ’s not Michael Phelps who should be castigated , but rather it ’s the absurd and hypocritical laws that criminalize the behavior of Phelps and tens of millions of other successful and productive Americans like him that is worthy of condemnation .
Millions of Americans agree .
In fact , in the past week dozens of high profile pundits and commentators — including Kathleen Parker in the Washington Post , Stanton Peele in the Wall Street Journal , and Doug Bandow in National Review Online — have demanded a repeal of America ’s archaic and overly punitive pot laws .
Michael Phelps is in good company .
Nearly one out of two Americans have admitted using marijuana .
Whether or not the most decorated athlete in history chooses to unwind during his off time with a glass of wine or a bit of cannabis is really none of the government ’s — or our — business .
Please take time today to contact the Kellogg Corporation .
Tell them that you oppose their decision to drop Michael Phelps and that , as a result of their actions , you will not be purchasing any Kellogg ’s related products for the next three months ( or until the company decides to reinstate the Phelps as their spokesperson ) .
There are several ways you can make your opinion known to the company .
You can call Kellogg ’s main telephone number during east coast business hours , Monday through Friday , at : ( 269 ) 961-2000 or toll free at : 1 ( 800 ) 962-1413 .
You can e-mail Kellogg ’s consumer services department by visiting : http://www2.kelloggs.com/ContactUs.aspx .
You can contact Kellogg ’s media relation department at : 269-961-3799 or via e-mail at media.hotline@kellogg.com .
You can e-mail Kellogg ’s corporate responsibility department at : corporateresponsibility@kellogg.com .
You can e-mail Kellogg ’s investor relations department at : investor.relations@kellogg.com .
Or finally , you can write the Kellogg Company a letter at :
One Kellogg Square
P.O. Box 3599
Battle Creek , MI 49016-3599
When contacting the company , please be polite and concise .
Tell them :
“ Hi , my name is _____________ and I ’m a frequent consumer of Kellogg ’s products .
Nearly one out of two Americans has used marijuana .
This includes tens of thousands of prominent , highly successful Americans — including our current President .
Michael Phelps should not be stigmatized nor condemned for private behavior that he , and millions of others , engage in .
The majority of the public , as well as those in the media , are standing behind Michael Phelps and so am I .
I will no longer be purchasing Kellogg ’s brand products until your company reverses its decision and reinstates Michael Phelps as your spokesperson . ”
Thank you for standing up against the needless discrimination of cannabis consumers .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Apparently , I was n't the only one who saw the devastating irony of Bush 's comment -- someone in the White House press office must have , as well .
Because even though -- as you can see by watching the video -- the president 's wording is unmistakable , the official transcript on Whitehouse.gov has Bush saying something completely different , and it 's even more ironic when you see the subject matter .
Toxic algal bloom off Washington , US .
Left is the natural colour , right has been enhanced to reveal chlorophyll concentrations ( Image : SeaWiFS Project , NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center / ORBIMAGE )
Toxic algal blooms are bad enough on the ocean surface , but now it turns out that the toxin in them sinks to the ocean floor – where it persists for weeks .
Far from degrading soon after the bloom , as previously assumed , new research suggests that the neurotoxin that causes shellfish poisoning , domoic acid , sinks to the ocean floor and could poison marine mammals , birds and humans .
“ The first signs of an algal bloom are often birds washing up on the shore or seals acting funny , aggressive and twitching , looking as if they were drunk , ” says Claudia Benitez - Nelson of the University of South Carolina .
Advertisement
“ We used to think that once the bloom died , the danger was over , but now it turns out that domoic acid is a ‘ gift ’ that just keeps on giving . ”
Benitez - Nelson ’s team are the first to look for the chemical in algae particles sinking through the ocean , as well as in sediment samples on the ocean floor , up to 800 metres down .
They found copious amounts of the neurotoxin , reaching concentrations eight times the US federal limit for the substance in shellfish .
Toxic shock
The team also compared the peak of domoic acid levels from the sediment with those of algae blooms at the surfaces .
Their findings indicate that the toxin reaches the bottom of the ocean in only three days but stays there for much longer – at least several weeks .
The speedy trip to the bottom is probably driven by dead algae clumping together at the surface to form heavier aggregates , says the team , a process that also protects the toxin from degradation .
Domoic acid gets broken down easily in water and by sunlight , but once the clumped algae are buried in the sediment , the toxin may stay protected until a bottom - dwelling organism eats it .
“ Domoic acid is a rich amino acid that will be tasty to worms and other critters , who may suffer no ill effects from it , ” says Benitez - Nelson .
Raphael Kudela at the University of Santa Cruz in California says that the new work is “ the missing link to explain why domoic acid also shows up in bottom - dwelling organisms like crabs and flatfish .
These contain lots of commercially important species , but they are not yet monitored for domoic acid . ”
The new data warrants studies to test if these species should be included in future monitoring efforts , according to Kudela .
So far , only shellfish that live close to the water surface are monitored .
To Benitez - Nelson , the most important next step now is to work out in more detail how much longer the domoic acid sticks around and into how many more organisms it gets .
“ It is clearly a lot more prevalent and spread out than we thought before and this problem affects many areas , not just California .
On top of this , all signs seem to point to further increases in the future as people dump more and more algae feeding nutrients into the ocean . ”
Journal reference : Nature Geoscience , DOI : 10.1038 / NGEO472 ( in press )
Seventeen Uighurs — innocent members of the Chinese Muslim minority caught up in the war on terror dragnet and sent to Guantánamo — have had their release blocked by a Federal Appeals Court .
This overturns a District Court ruling that the men should be released because they had not fought against the U.S. and posed no security threat .
The three - judge panel ruling overturning the District Court decision was unanimous , but there was disagreement as to the legality of a judge ordering the detainees be freed in America :
The majority said the Supreme Court decision , Boumediene v. Bush , did not give judges the power to release detainees in this country .
“ Never in the history of habeas corpus , ” the majority wrote , “ has any court thought it had the power to order an alien held overseas brought into the sovereign territory of a nation and released into the general population . ”
But Judge Judith W. Rogers disagreed , writing that Wednesday ’s ruling “ ignores the very purpose ” of the writ of habeas corpus , to serve as “ a check on arbitrary executive power . ”
If Judge Urbina did not have the power to order the men released in the United States , the Supreme Court ’s decision would have no meaning , wrote Judge Rogers , a Clinton appointee .
The Uighurs have had varying degrees of luck in finding asylum in other countries , but given that they are no threat and what the U.S. has done to their lives , I do n’t see why they should not be released here .
Posted by Chris Brown on March 12 , 2009 – 8:11 pm
According to ESPN ’s Outside the Lines , Travis Henry is now up to 11 children by 10 different women , as a woman recently gave birth to twin girls .
The weekend ESPN program apparently has an investigative report on Henry ’s current situation as he ’s facing federal drug trafficking charges .
It ’s been unfortunate seeing how his NFL career has panned out .
Henry apparently is having trouble making child support payments , which amounts to $ 17 K per month and is only going to increase with the recent additions .
Henry told ESPN , “ I ’ve lost everything in this mess I ’ve gotten myself into . ”
Tags : Travis Henry Posted in Inside the Bills
The world has made a colossal cultural mistake that shames our generation , an American law professor said in a lecture at Cambridge University last week .
Every thinking person – according to Jamie Boyle , of Duke University , North Carolina – should know something about this mistake just as they must now know something about the environment .
So what is this " colossal cultural mistake " ?
It has its roots in what may be one of the dullest subjects on earth – copyright law .
A 1976 law set US copyright at 28 years , after which copyright holders had to renew it .
Around 85 % did n't renew because the " cultural object " no longer had commercial value .
( This would certainly apply to every word I 've ever written , including my books that are now available for 1 p through AbeBooks . )
These " cultural objects " – books , poems , films , music , images – now belonged to the world , and libraries could reproduce them for everybody for free .
Now , however , the United States has extended copyright to life plus 70 years , you do n't have to renew , and everything – including presumably the scrawlings in my diaries – is now copyrighted automatically , without any need to apply .
Then the law is covered by strict liability , meaning that it 's heavily weighted to anybody suing for breach of copyright .
To cap it all , the law has been backdated to 1923 , meaning that virtually all 20th century cultural objects are locked up .
Copyright holders can , of course , waive copyright , but the problem for libraries is , first , the expense of tracking down copyright holders ( 85 % of whom , we know , would probably give up copyright ) ; and , second , many of the holders simply cannot be found .
The result may be that libraries – which Boyle declared as " radical institutions " that have for centuries made cultural objects available to all human beings – will become mausoleums , full only of objects .
They will not be able to digitise and distribute free to everybody everywhere the cultural objects of most of the 20th century , the century that formed our world .
Why have we made such a colossal mistake ?
Boyle – whose excellent book Public Domain : Enclosing the Commons of the Mind , is available for free – saw three causes , the first of which he called " cultural agoraphobia " ( fear of openness ) and illustrated with two thought experiments .
Imagine yourself a policymaker in the early 1990s who had to decide which of two global networks to implement .
The first would be available to everybody but tightly controlled with only approved people and organisations – like the BBC , the Guardian , and the government – able to place material on it .
The alternative network would allow everybody to publish anything and anything could be copied and sent to everybody everywhere .
We can immediately imagine the second network would be full of pornography , spam , propaganda , lies and illegal copying .
It 's unthinkable that anybody would want to conduct business on such a network .
Most people , argued Boyle , would opt for the first network because we are good at seeing what could go wrong but poor at imagining the extraordinary flowering that is the internet .
In a second thought experiment , imagine that it 's five years ago and you are responsible for developing the most comprehensive and up - to - the - minute encyclopedia the world has ever seen .
One strategy is to create a global company , employ the brightest people available , check every fact produced , and implement the most rigorous editorial controls .
A second option is to " just create a website and let anybody put up anything " .
Again , we 'd mostly have opted for the first strategy , and the world would n't have Wikipedia .
So cultural agoraphobia is one cause of this draconian copyright law .
Another is the obvious idea that the easier something is to copy the tighter the need to be the controls .
Before the intervention of the printing press we did n't need copyright as it might take a monk six months to copy the Bible .
Now something can be copied at virtually zero cost and made available to everybody with access to the internet , so businesses want tight controls .
But would n't they be better off , asked Boyle , with a market of a billion people and 20 % illegally copying than a market of a million where copying was heavily punished ?
The third cause , argued Boyle , is that – in contrast , to decisions on , say , pharmaceuticals – law on copyright is made without evidence .
Anecdotes of the losses from illegal copying are showered on legislators but little is heard of the huge losses of " lost sharing " .
So what might be the answer ?
Boyle – rightly for a lawyer – dismissed my suggestion of mass illegality rather like mass trespassing .
A better strategy would be legal reform , perhaps re-establishing the requirement for renewal ; businesses with valuable objects would certainly renew .
With such reform we could create " a digital library of Alexandria " , with free global access to everything that is no longer being commercially exploited .
Without it we may deny access to the cultural achievements of the 20th century to most people .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Porsche Automobil Holding de:pah003 said it 's finalized negotiations for a fresh 10 billion euro ( $ 13 billion ) credit line , that can be extended to as much as 12.5 billion euros in coming weeks .
" In the wake of the extremely difficult global economic environment and the turbulences in the bond market , banks needed additional assessment , thus resulting in a need for extra time .
In addition to that , the new consortium includes banks that so far not have been counterparts of Porsche with respect to credit lines , " Porsche said .
There are 15 banks in the consortium .
Google has voiced its opposition to a controversial law change that would force internet service providers to cut off " repeat copyright infringers , in appropriate circumstances " .
In a submission to the Telecommunications Carriers Forum , an industry body , Google said section 92a of the Copyright Act would undermine the " incredible social and economic benefits " of the internet and was disproportionate to the problem it aimed to address .
TelstraClear appeared to deliver a death blow to the law change last week when it said it would not support the development of a code being drafted by the forum that attempted to set out how telcos could interpret their obligations under the act .
Spokesman Mathew Bolland said section 92a which is due to come into force on March 27 was a bad law that would n't work and had caused unprecedented customer concern .
Forum chief executive Ralph Chivers said TelstraClear 's decision meant the forum could not formally ratify a code , since the industry body required unanimity from its members , which includes all the major telcos .
But he said the forum would continue to work with its other members and the recording industry to flesh out an informal code that internet providers could adopt if they chose , should section 92a come into force .
It would see copyright infringers disconnected after a series of warnings , with a possible right of appeal to an independent arbiter .
A spokesman for Commerce Minister Simon Power said the Government had been advised meaningful progress on a code was still being made .
" If TelstraClear wants to be excluded from that arrangement , that is their choice . "
The Government reserved the right to look at the issue again .
Google accused the forum of dressing up its proposed enforcement scheme as an " education " exercise and said it was important that any code the forum came up with made it clear that there could be others ways for ISPs to comply with the law .
Sky Television said that ISPs should cut off copyright infringers sooner than the forum had proposed .
Boost Online Fundraising Results with Go !
A Hands On Guided Fundraising Program
The Go! program from Blackbaud will help you ...
Convert new website visitors and cultivate new subscribers .
Reach more people through effective email and viral marketing .
Optimize your website and online donation form to convert more visitors into donors .
Write compelling email appeals and cultivate life - long supporters .
Maximize the year - end season through effective email " asks " and continued cultivation .
Want to become a better online fundraiser ?
Sign - up for the Go! Program today !
POZNAN , Poland ( Reuters ) - The Pacific state of Tuvalu accused rich nations on Thursday of blocking funds to help low - lying island nations cope with rising seas caused by climate change that could wipe them off the map .
Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia told Dec 1 -12 U.N. climate negotiations in Poznan , Poland , that global development should not come at the expense of poor countries like Tuvalu , whose highest point is 5 meters ( 16 ft ) above sea level .
“ We want to survive as a people and a nation .
We will survive .
It is our fundamental right , ” Ielemia told about 100 environment ministers working on details of a new treaty to fight global warming .
The 189 -nation talks are split over controlling planned payouts from a new Adaptation Fund -- due to start in 2009 -- which could grow to about $ 300 million a year by 2012 to help developing nations adapt to floods , droughts and rising seas .
“ Given our extreme vulnerability as a small , low - lying atoll country , we must not sink from the problems caused by the big and industrialized countries , ” he said .
Ielemia said he was disappointed with the talks and the bureaucratic barriers that rich nations were trying to erect to providing new funds to help poor countries adapt to change .
“ ( Countries ) like Tuvalu need direct access and expeditious disbursement of funding for real adaptation , urgently , because we are suffering already from effects of climate change , ” he said .
“ It seems , however , that some key industrialized countries are trying to make the Adaptation Fund inaccessible to the most in need , ” he added .
Ielemia said there was a risk that only countries that could afford consultants and work their way through red tape and delays would be able to access the new fund .
The Poznan talks have been marred by fears of global recession .
Many nations are reluctant to launch costly new projects to fight climate change , or push ahead with ever deeper greenhouse gas cuts as part of a planned Copenhagen pact .
But small island states say the world must act before it is too late as rising temperatures could melt ice in Greenland and Antarctica .
Some have suggested the people of Tuvalu would be forced to migrate to New Zealand .
Even large islands are at risk because global warming may shrink their land mass , forcing coastal communities out of their homes and depriving millions of a livelihood .
“ We are not contemplating migration .
We are a proud nation of people with a unique culture which cannot be relocated somewhere else , ” Ielemia said .
“ It is our belief that Tuvalu , as a nation , has a right to exist forever .
It is our basic human right . ”
" That which does not kill me makes me stronger . "
- Friedrich Neitzsche
WASHINGTON - To its arsenal of agents , fences and stealthy sensors skirting our nation 's southern border , the U.S. Border Patrol may soon add another weapon in the fight against illegal immigration : a follow - up album .
Yes , as in CD .
With singers , guitars , accordions .
In what may be among the lesser - known deterrents exercised by our nation 's security forces , the Border Patrol is deploying up - tempo Mexican folk songs about tragic border crossings to dissuade would - be illegal immigrants .
The agency has paid - how much , it wo n't say - a Washington - based advertising company to write , record and distribute an album , Migra Corridos , to radio stations in Mexico .
Its title , its makers say , is intended to mean " songs of the immigrant " but " migras " is commonly understood as a code word for Border Patrol in much of Mexico .
The first CD of five songs was recorded in 2006 and distributed over the past two years .
Another CD in the works is scheduled to be ready by May .
There are also tentative plans for a collection of similarly themed songs with styles of music more geared toward would - be illegal immigrants from Central America .
Many of the stations in Mexico that play the songs and the listeners who request them are seemingly oblivious to who is behind the bouncy ballads of death , dashed dreams and futile attempts at manhood .
" Before you cross the border , remember that you can be just as much a man by chickening out and staying
" Because it 's better to keep your life than ending up dead . "
- Veinte A�os ( 20 Years )
" It 's pretty slick , " says Jason Ciliberti , a spokesman with the Border Patrol in Washington .
The music is part of the Border Safety Initiative , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's push to squash smuggling and increase safety along the border .
As part of that effort , the Border Patrol launched " No Mas Cruces en la Frontera , " a campaign aimed at educating communities with many potential illegal immigrants about the dangers of crossing .
Illegal immigrants can encounter severe hazards on their journey : professional smugglers and bandits who beat , rob , rape and abandon them ; bitingly cold or scorching temperatures ; snakes , scorpions ; drowning ; and death by dehydration or exhaustion .
No Mas Cruces en la Frontera ( which means both " no more crossings on the border " and " no more crosses on the border " ) has primarily relied on newspaper , television and billboard ads .
In one poster , men walk in a line , with some of their shadows appearing as crosses .
In another , someone has collapsed in a seemingly endless desert .
" Before crossing to the other side , " the poster advises , " remember that the burial plots are full of the valiant and the macho . "
The most recent twist on the media blitz is Migra Corridos , a brainchild of Elevacion , a Washington - based advertising boutique with 20 or so employees that specializes in Hispanic market advertising - producing jingles , television spots and billboards .
Elevacion , which had already been working on the border campaign , sold the Border Patrol on the idea of songs - as - deterrents .
The five - song album draws on corridos , popular Mexican narrative ballads with roots in Spain 's Middle Ages .
Reenergized in recent decades by such popular Mexican groups as Los Tigres del Norte , the genre reverberates deeply with Mexican and Mexican - American communities , says Martha Chew Sanchez , the author of Corridos in Migrant Memory and an associate professor at St. Lawrence University in New York .
The songs , Sanchez says , humanize the experiences of those communities with tales of love , death , migration , globalization and social and political events .
More recently , there has been an explosion in the popularity of narcocorridos - ballads that recount the drug traders , their violent exploits and , often , their deaths .
Among the perils mentioned on Migra Corridos : a cousin who dies from dehydration , a mother who is raped and beaten by a child - killing smuggler , one man 's suffocation in an airtight tractor - trailer .
" He put me in a trailer
" There I shared my sorrows
" With 40 illegals
" They never told me
" That this was a trip to hell .
- El Respeto ( Respect )
Whatever the subject , the songs can strike a chord with listeners , as long as they tell a compelling narrative , Sanchez says .
" If it 's a good story , the people will like it .
And no matter what generation , they will listen to it , dance to it . "
Migra Corridos lives up to its dance - inducing predecessors , despite its somber stories .
The music is peppy , even cheerful .
Drums tippity - tap along with piping accordions and strumming guitars .
The songs were distributed to six Mexican states , where , according to Elevacion 's research , many migrants left for the border : Zacatecas , Michoacan , Guanajuato , Guerrero , Jalisco and Chiapas .
Elevacion contacted stations and asked them to play the songs as part of the border initiative .
" When we approached the Mexican media , we approach it as a humanitarian campaign , " says Pablo Izquierdo , vice president of Elevacion .
" We did n't tell them who was behind it because consumer research indicated that it was n't going to be as well - received . "
But , Izquierdo says , there 's nothing fake about the songs .
" There is no commercial message .
It 's all heartfelt , and it 's all from the point of view of the people . "
" After some hours
" Abelardo opened his eyes
" And in the middle of the cold night
" Discovered his dead cousin at his side . "
- El Mas Grande Enemigo ( The Biggest Enemy )
Izquierdo says that feedback from the stations was positive and that even though the CDs were not for sale , listeners started requesting the songs .
Research done by Elevacion in the communities where the songs were being played found that the songs became " the talk of the town , " Izquierdo says .
It is difficult to measure how effective the corridos have been in aiding the government 's overall effort , but the Border Patrol 's Ciliberti cites a steady decline in deaths and rescues along the Southwest border over the past four years .
He attributes it to the agency 's broader approach to illegal immigration .
According to Ciliberti , 492 people died along the Southwest border in 2005 .
Last year , 390 deaths were recorded .
In terms of rescues in that same area , the Border Patrol assisted 2,550 people in distress in 2005 .
Last year , 1,263 were rescued .
" What we 're doing now , that we really have n't done before , is take a more holistic view of border security , " he says .
" There 's no mention of being punitive in any of these corridos .
These are simply about the dangers . "
But whatever its intent , the program raises questions about whether the Border Patrol should be doing this at all .
The United States has long used music , art and other forms of cultural diplomacy as a way of reaching and influencing people in other countries , but those efforts have been relatively out in the open .
The Border Patrol 's involvement is not mentioned , nor is it traceable on the glossy CD cover .
More - discerning eyes might notice " bsi " ( for Border Safety Initiative ) at the bottom right - hand corner inside the cover .
Still , the agency defends the approach despite the lack of transparency .
" I think the message we 're putting out is real , and it's a message that needs to be heard , " says Steve Cribby , also with the Border Patrol .
" Whether people decide to hear it or not is up to them .
We 're not making anything up .
We 're educating people . "
Juan Flores , a drummer in a Stockton , Calif . - based band that plays corridos , says the Border Patrol 's approach is a smart one .
" They are thinking outside the box , " he says .
" It 's propaganda , in a good way . "
A number of the professional writers , musicians and singers for the " Migra Corridos " project are Mexican nationals living in Washington and New York .
All were aware of Border Patrol 's involvement - and concealment - in the project .
Rodolfo Hernandez , who works for Elevacion , wrote the lyrics for the corridos , inspired by newspaper clippings .
" Mexico is suffering a lot , " says Hernandez , 35 .
" The effect of immigration is not just what happens at the border , it 's what we leave behind . "
And the backing of Border Patrol did n't give pause to New York - based Ruben Flores , who sang two of the tracks on the CD : En la Raya and Veinte A�os .
" I thought it was a smart thing to do , to have that kind of approach , " says Flores , who once sang for a popular musical comedy show in Mexico .
To those in his native country who might feel deceived by the project , Flores says , " I would say that if they really listen to the lyrics and what the song is about , that is the most important thing .
It would n't be important where the message is coming from , but the essence . "
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Around 4 p.m. on most afternoons , retired Wal - Mart executives gather in the men's - only grillroom of Pinnacle Country Club , the centerpiece of a gated community in Bentonville , Ark. , that is home to some of the company 's top managers .
On the afternoon of Dec. 12 , talk turned to the bombshell Lee Scott had dropped three weeks earlier .
On the Friday before Thanksgiving , Wal - Mart 's 59 - year - old CEO announced his retirement after three decades with the company .
The timing of the announcement struck some former executives as odd .
Wal - Mart tended to make management changes in January , after the holiday shopping season had drawn to a close and just before the start of its new fiscal year .
" You do n't announce that you 're leaving your post before Christmas , " one former vice president said .
The timing only heightened suspicions about what the real cause was .
Had Scott 's critics finally caught up with him ?
Or was he simply exhausted from years of doing battle with both external and internal foes ?
When he took over as CEO in 2000 , labor unions and environmentalists had painted Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) as retail 's evil empire .
Scott overcame an initial reluctance to engage these detractors , and he wound up transforming the company .
But the untold story of his tenure is the internal war Scott waged as he dragged the company into the 21st century from its clannish roots .
When a group of executives known as the " boots " - for their love of cowboy boots - threatened to divide management , Scott cleaned house during a 2005 - 06 purge , even though many of the boots had been friends of founder Sam Walton .
The final piece in Scott 's remaking of Wal - Mart was grooming a successor , Mike Duke , also 59 , who took the helm on Feb .
1 . Only the fifth CEO ever to lead the company and the first to have never worked directly with Walton , Duke is a longtime Scott protege .
( Scott hired him in 1995 as senior vice president of logistics . )
As such , Duke is not expected to veer far from the course set by Scott .
Given his previous role as head of international operations , Duke is likely to expand Wal - Mart 's presence in Russia and China to offset slowing growth at home and to focus on improving the nuts and bolts of store operations .
The company is also trying to crack urban markets in the U.S. , using Chicago as a test case .
" Mike will need to get comfortable in the job , " Scott told Fortune during a recent interview .
Scott 's wood - paneled office at Wal - Mart 's corporate headquarters , no bigger than a child 's bedroom , is the same one Walton used .
Scott remembers how it felt when he took over .
Or as he puts it , " Moving into Sam Walton 's office is intimidating .
It 's not a sense of power , but a sense of responsibility , the sense of being responsible for this legacy . "
Regime change at Wal - Mart does not just affect the rank and file in Bentonville .
It has a far - reaching impact on the business world because the company is a bellwether for the U.S. economy and for retailers everywhere .
In the months ahead , Wal - Mart 's new CEO will be wrestling with some of the same issues that bedevil the Commander - in - Chief - a drop in consumer spending and soaring health - care costs , to name two .
And managing Wal - Mart is not unlike running a small country .
Its annual revenue of $ 400 billion exceeds Norway 's GDP ; it employs over two million people , more than the population of Philadelphia .
It operates 7,000 stores worldwide and has held the No. 1 spot on the Fortune 500 for six of the last seven years .
( Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) beat Wal - Mart out for pole position in 2006 fiscal year sales . )
Scott 's changes have finally started to pay off : Wal - Mart 's stock was the best performer in the Dow Jones industrial average last year , rising 18 % , and one of only two in the index to show gains .
( The other was McDonald 's ( MCD , Fortune 500 ) . )
Although the company 's shares , which recently traded at around $ 46 , are lower than they were when Scott was named CEO , they have outperformed the S&P 500 over the past nine years .
During Scott 's reign , Wal - Mart 's sales and profits have soared .
When the company releases its 2008 results on Feb. 17 , analysts expect Wal - Mart to report net income of roughly $ 13 billion - nearly a threefold increase over 1999 , the year before Scott took charge .
Civil war in Bentonville
There were few outward signs of trouble when Scott took the helm in January 2000 .
But within the walls of the Bentonville headquarters , a civil war was brewing .
The catalyst was Scott 's winning the top job - upsetting another Wal - Mart executive , Thomas Coughlin .
The two men were from similar backgrounds , but their personal styles were the antithesis of each other's .
Like many Wal - Mart executives , Scott did not have a privileged upbringing .
The son of a gas station owner and a music teacher , he spent his early years working at his father 's Phillips 66 station in Baxter Springs , Kan .
His high school was so small that during football games he'd spend the first half playing clarinet in the band and the second half suited up on the field .
By the time he was 21 , Scott was married with a child ( he now has two sons ) and living in a trailer while trying to finish college at Pittsburg State University in Kansas .
( He says his grades improved after his wife told him she did n't intend to spend her whole life living in a mobile home . )
After a stint at the Yellow Freight System trucking company , he joined Wal - Mart in 1979 as assistant director of logistics .
In some ways Scott fit right into the company 's bottom - line - oriented culture .
According to one former associate , he was so frugal back then that he served guests generic Scotch .
Scott had been recruited by David Glass , a legendary Wal - Mart CEO who now owns the Kansas City Royals .
Glass ran the company from 1988 to 2000 and he was famous for persuading Sam Walton , who thought " damn computer " was one word , to invest heavily in new inventory - management systems that would give Wal - Mart an edge for years to come .
He was also instrumental in devising Wal - Mart 's successful supercenter concept , which pushed the company squarely into the grocery business , where it took share from rivals such as Kroger 's ( KR , Fortune 500 ) and Safeway ( SWY , Fortune 500 ) .
Glass hired Scott after Scott walked into his office to complain that Wal - Mart would not pay a freight bill he felt was owed to his employer .
Glass refused to pay the bill , but he was impressed with Scott 's sincerity and drive .
Glass eventually groomed Scott to succeed him .
As Scott rose through the ranks , he developed a reputation for being reserved , strategic , and sarcastic ( he once joked with PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi that he was going to drop her products because she was slow to call him ) .
His main rival , Thomas Coughlin , was ebullient and tactical .
A former college football player at California State University East Bay in Hayward ( where his wife was a cheerleader ) , Coughlin was larger than life not just in physical appearance but also in personality .
He was beloved by rank - and - file employees , who saw him as one of their own .
When Scott was named CEO , Coughlin thought about leaving , but the Walton family persuaded him to stay .
Hired in 1978 , Coughlin had become a close friend of Sam Walton 's , who died in 1992 .
Management was soon split between Scott and Coughlin , who had been named president of Wal - Mart 's domestic stores .
There were " friends of Tom's , " called FOTs , and " friends of Lee's , " or FOLs .
Like Coughlin , 59 , who lives on a 2,500 - acre Black Angus cattle ranch in Centerton , just west of Bentonville , many of the " boots " were free spirits who preferred Justins to Florsheims and jeans to suits .
Most were old - school Wal - Mart employees who had helped build the company from the ground up .
There were not a lot of college graduates among the boots - Scott once said they were unable to " conjugate a verb " - but they knew how to move merchandise .
" If you were a boot , it meant you carried yourself with a bit of swagger , " says one former employee .
Scott 's group was more refined .
Many of them live in French chateau - style houses that dot a gated community built around Pinnacle Country Club .
In addition to Scott , residents include Duke , CFO Tom Schoewe , and Eduardo Castro - Wright , head of U.S. operations .
But the differences ran deeper than culture .
The FOTs and the FOLs had radically different visions for the company 's future .
Scott was pushing to modernize how the company was managed , and many of the boots were resistant to change .
Scott often complained that despite Wal - Mart 's dominance , its management ranks did not resemble those of a Fortune 500 company .
He wanted to recruit more college graduates and offer better training for senior management .
Scott and Coughlin clashed on issues large and small , including restructuring of store manager contracts and a plan to end layaway , which Scott supported and Coughlin opposed .
( It was eliminated in December 2006 because of declining use and increasing costs . )
Their differences came to a head during an October 2004 board meeting .
Coughlin was frustrated that much of the meeting was spent discussing Wal - Mart 's new environmental initiatives , rather than talking about business heading into the holiday season .
After the meeting Coughlin , who did n't want to comment for this story , told Scott he was ready to retire and officially stepped down as vice chairman in January 2005 , though he retained his board seat .
That might have been the end of it if Coughlin had n't used a Wal - Mart gift card to buy contact lenses .
The $ 100 card was part of an All Star program to reward lower - level employees .
According to Wal - Mart , the home office was tipped off to Coughlin 's use of the card when a salesclerk at the store called headquarters to inquire about the program .
The home office employee could not understand why Coughlin would be using such a card and alerted corporate fraud , which launched an investigation .
Coughlin was forced to resign from Wal - Mart 's board in March 2005 , and the company accused him of stealing as much as $ 500,000 by filing fake expense reports and cashing in bogus gift cards .
Coughlin has said that he used the money to finance covert anti-union activities .
Wal - Mart says it knew nothing about such a program .
Coughlin later pleaded guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion and served 27 months of house arrest .
And in August , Wal - Mart agreed to pay Coughlin $ 6.75 million to settle a lawsuit it brought against him to void his retirement package , which according to regulatory filings was valued at $ 17 million .
The Coughlin investigation gave Scott cover to purge the boots , some of whom had committed ethical violations and others who were tarnished by association .
At one managers ' meeting , Scott told employees they had better choose sides - and choose wisely .
" Make no mistake , " Scott told them , according to two people who were there , " I can tell everyone what color underwear they 're wearing . "
To those present , Scott 's meaning was clear :
He knew where people 's allegiances lay , and he knew what they were up to .
While Duke was in the Scott camp - and even fired people when necessary - he also tried to heal some of the wounds caused by the in - fighting .
To people who were upset about being forced to choose sides , Duke would say , " There may not be a right or wrong answer to this thing . "
The atmosphere became so toxic for the FOTs that one afternoon when Edward Nagy , a senior vice president at the time , was eating lunch at his desk , Scott wanted to know why Nagy was eating alone .
Nagy replied , according to a person familiar with the conversation , " Hell , Lee , you fired all my friends . "
Nagy , who left the company , declined to comment .
Wal - Mart declined to comment about Coughlin or the purge .
" I 'm not sure it was as much a fight between the factions as it was that Sam was n't here anymore , and we had to make some of our own decisions , " says Jack Shewmaker , Wal - Mart 's former vice chairman and a director until last year .
( Shewmaker , in fact , was once up for the top job but was beaten out by David Glass . )
Sam Walton may no longer have been around , but many longtime Wal - Mart watchers still wonder how involved Glass , Scott 's mentor , was in the purge .
He declined to comment , but this much is known :
By 2006 , Glass was no longer involved in the day - to - day operations of the company .
He had stepped down from the executive and the stock option committees of the board , although he retains a board seat to this day .
Scott continued to talk to Glass frequently during the shakeup , but according to sources , Glass did not play a role in the clashes with Coughlin and the old guard .
" He trusted Lee " to do his job , says the source , " but he certainly appreciated the results . "
Once many of the old - timers were gone , Scott changed the way managers evaluated their staffs and had them eliminate the bottom 20 % .
Many employees who made the cut had to re-interview for their jobs .
Although the restructuring angered a lot of people , it was necessary to push the company forward .
" There were people who took a picture of Sam Walton in 1992 when he died and decided that was what the company should look like going forward , " says a former executive .
Even after he was out of the company Coughlin nearly succeeded in torpedoing his old nemesis .
The court allowed Coughlin 's lawyers to depose most of Wal - Mart 's senior management , including Scott .
At least one bit of embarrassing information was dredged up from the past : Scott 's purchase of a 5.7 - carat pink diamond for his wife from a Wal - Mart supplier , the Aaron Group .
The price : $ 178,000 , according to people familiar with the situation .
The diamond purchase was first made public in 2007 , in a lawsuit filed by Julie Roehm , a former Wal - Mart marketing executive who was fired for allegedly having an extramarital affair with a co-worker and accepting free meals from an advertising agency that was vying for Wal - Mart 's business .
( A Michigan state judge dismissed Roehm 's wrongful - termination suit , saying it should have been filed in Arkansas .
Roehm has not refiled her suit . )
Scott 's purchase drew a lot of publicity at the time , because several aspects seemed odd .
For one , the Aaron Group is a maker of jewelry sold in chains like J.C. Penney and would seem an unusual choice for the buyer of a fancy diamond .
Also , Wal - Mart has a famously strict ethics code that forbids executives from accepting so much as a coffee from suppliers .
Even the perception of preferential treatment would not pass muster .
At the behest of Rhode Island state treasurer Frank Caprio , the Securities and Exchange Commission opened an investigation into potential lapses at Wal - Mart .
( Through index funds , the Rhode Island state employee pension fund owns Wal - Mart shares . )
One issue was whether Wal - Mart violated securities laws by not disclosing that Scott 's son Eric worked for a company that does business with Wal - Mart .
Fortune has learned that the SEC found no wrongdoing .
According to a letter dated July 5 , 2007 , the SEC informed Wal - Mart that it considered the issue closed .
" We are not making any further inquiries in this matter and we do not intend to recommend any enforcement action , " wrote Stephen Webster , the SEC 's assistant regional director .
A new battle
The board backed Scott in his struggle against the boots , but once Coughlin had been dispatched , it grew impatient with Scott 's unwillingness to handle Wal - Mart 's deteriorating public image .
Independent directors , including Jos Villarreal , a partner with law firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld , and Roland Hernandez , former CEO of the media company Telemundo , joined with the Walton family in pushing for change .
The family controls 43 % of the company 's outstanding shares - a block worth about $ 77 billion - and has three out of 16 seats on the board , including the chairmanship , held by Sam Walton 's son Rob .
Orchestrating much of the criticism were the labor unions , which had tried since the late 1980s , with little success , to organize Wal - Mart employees .
By 2005 the unions had changed their strategy .
Union - financed watchdogs such as Wakeup Wal - Mart and Wal - Mart Watch started churning out damaging stories , and union officials recruited environmentalists and community organizers to join in the anti-Wal - Mart refrain .
Soon consumers who had long benefited from Wal - Mart 's low prices were questioning the retailer 's practices .
The company 's runaway growth was stalling .
" The board wanted to be more proactive about getting our story out , but management stuck to Sam Walton 's philosophy of , Do the right thing and let your actions speak for themselves , " Shewmaker says .
" As a result we waited five years too long . "
Scott agrees that the board was way ahead of him on this subject .
He says he did n't take its concerns as seriously as he should have , believing instead that the negative feedback was coming from blue - state elites who did n't shop at Wal - Mart and therefore did n't understand the money the company saved consumers .
When asked how his approach changed over the past decade , Scott replies , " At one time in my career , if somebody criticized us , my first thought was , Why do n't they like us ?
Or , What could we do to them ?
vs. now , when I think , Could the criticism have some truth ? "
By late 2005 , Wal - Mart was starting to fight back .
It hired the Washington - savvy public relations firm Edelman and set up a political - style war room .
Wal - Mart embarked on some green initiatives , introduced $ 4 prescription drugs for customers , and improved health - care coverage for employees .
The company says that the number of uninsured associates on its payroll has decreased 40 % to 78,186 this year , compared with 129,252 in 2007 .
Of the employees who are insured , about half are on one of Wal - Mart 's plans , with the rest covered by other means , such as spouses or Medicare .
One simple illustration of how the company has used its size to create change is the impending switch to digital TV .
Anyone without cable or satellite must buy a digital converter box .
Wal - Mart , prodded by environmental groups , got the government to tie box rebates to energy - saving features , such as an automatic power - down switch , a move that the National Resources Defense Council estimates will save $ 900 million over the life of the boxes .
Winning over the left remains a work in progress .
Wal - Mart is still facing the largest - ever class - action suit , which alleges the company discriminated against 1.6 million women .
Wal - Mart is appealing the decision .
In December the company agreed to a landmark settlement over wage violations , promising to pay at least $ 352 million ( and possibly as much as $ 640 million ) to settle 63 lawsuits that claimed it had forced employees to work off the clock .
And let 's be clear : Wal - Mart , for all its changes , has not gone soft on organized labor .
The company is opposed to a bill that could make it easier for employees to unionize - placing it squarely in opposition to the Obama administration and the unions .
" The perception is that Wal - Mart has made all these improvements , but in fact , when it comes to labor and health care they 've made almost no progress , " says David Nasser , executive director of Wal - Mart Watch , one of the union - financed groups .
For instance , Nasser says , the inflation - adjusted average hourly wage of a Wal - Mart employee is less today than it was in 2004 .
Wal - Mart says its average hourly wage , which was $ 10.86 last year , is similar to what other retailers pay .
A new commander
The timing of Scott 's departure remains something of a mystery .
Wal - Mart will not comment on it , but sources inside the company portray the changeover this way : Scott was tired .
When he announced that he would take the entire month of May off in 2006 - a vacation he spent fishing in Longboat Key , Fla. , where he owns a home - speculation swirled that his job was on the line .
" What happened with Tom [ Coughlin ] was so intense that Lee needed to get away and get his head together , " says a former executive .
Says another ex-employee : " He was burned out . "
In fact , two years before he took that leave , Scott had broached the idea of allowing employees to take sabbaticals .
The plan never gained much ground given Wal - Mart 's workaholic culture , but it remained something that Scott believed in .
" Lee likes to lead by example , " says Coleman Peterson , former executive vice president of Wal - Mart 's people division , the company 's folksy name for human resources .
" That month off allowed him to show people it was okay to take vacation .
It also gave him an opportunity to see how his team handled things in his absence . "
By late 2007 , Scott was thinking seriously of retiring .
He broached the subject with board members in November during a meeting in Tokyo .
By January 2008 another piece had fallen into place .
Vice chairman John Menzer , 57 , left the company , paving the way for Duke 's ascension .
As the board prepared to convene in Dallas for another meeting in November , Scott made it official .
The weekend before the meeting , he called Rob Walton and other board members to inform them of his decision .
A few days later the board elected Duke CEO .
By announcing his retirement in November instead of January , Scott felt he could give Duke control over budgets and strategic planning for 2009 .
( Duke would not comment for this article . )
The timing also allowed Scott to exit before Wal - Mart was hit by the recession .
In February , the company announced plans to eliminate over 700 jobs in Bentonville .
Given Duke 's age - he is 59 , the same as Scott - his term is expected to be shorter than his forerunners ' .
Waiting in the wings as possible successors are Eduardo Castro - Wright , 54 , who runs U.S. operations , and Doug McMillon , 43 , the former head of Sam's Club , who replaced Duke as head of the international division .
So exactly who is this guy moving into Sam Walton 's old office ?
Duke received a bachelor 's degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1971 .
Not long after , he went to work in the logistics department of the May Department Store Co. in 1972 , where he met Coleman Peterson , who would soon become HR director for Wal - Mart .
When Scott told Peterson in late 1994 that he needed to hire someone who could one day replace him as head of logistics , Peterson told him he had just the guy .
Scott took an instant liking to Duke , who soon became a confidant .
The two belong to the same church , the Fellowship Bible Church , as do many other senior Wal - Mart executives .
In many respects , Duke fits the low - key Wal - Mart mode .
A Georgia native , he and his wife , Susan , are known for their charitable work .
Back in St. Louis , they became so involved with a local orphanage that one of the children lived with them for an extended period , until they arranged for her formal adoption by another family .
Duke does have his indulgences , including a cherry - red Porsche 911 - although he is not audacious enough to drive it to the office .
( Sam Walton considered fancy cars a no - no ; the standard C - suite ride is an SUV hybrid . )
Duke is also a golf lover and has a 13 handicap .
When Scott was named head of merchandising in 1995 , Duke filled his place in logistics .
One of Duke 's first moves was to roll out a new distribution system called " one door per store , " even though Scott had long opposed the idea .
Under the old system , half - empty trucks made multiple store deliveries .
Duke 's plan called for consolidating shipments at the warehouse so that each truck would contain a full load of merchandise for a single store .
The result was fewer trucks on the road and less docking space required at each store .
In 2003 , Duke was put in charge of Wal - Mart 's U.S. stores and made head of international two years later .
Despite a " nice guy " reputation , Duke has shown he can make tough calls .
Jeff Schomburger , president of Procter & Gamble 's global Wal - Mart team , remembers his first meeting with Duke this way : Duke , who by then was head of U.S. stores , told Schomburger that P&G 's profit contribution was uncompetitive and that Wal - Mart could not afford to increase its business with the consumer products manufacturer .
" I was like , where is Mr. Nice Guy ? " Schomburger says .
A month later Schomburger was back with a plan that addressed many of Duke 's concerns , and the two companies continue to do a lot of business together .
Duke is also a strategic thinker and risk taker .
" Mike developed the strategy that Wal - Mart had to be in a position to win in every market they were in , " says Maggie Gilliam , an independent retail analyst .
That type of thinking led Duke to pull Wal - Mart out of Germany and Korea , two markets in which it had struggled for years .
He also made the controversial decision to take control of Seiyu , the Japanese subsidiary , by raising Wal - Mart 's stake to 95.1 % from 50.9 % .
" Everyone was telling him to get out , but he felt there was a real opportunity for Wal - Mart to take costs out of the business once it had a controlling stake , " says a person close to the company .
Despite his similarities to Scott , there is one important difference :
Duke is known more for his people skills .
" He 's the kind of guy who will put his arm around you and help you through things , " says Andy Bond , the head of Wal - Mart 's U.K. division .
Bond credits
Duke with helping him avert a 2006 strike .
" He told me that decisions are best slept on , " Bond says , " and to try to look at things from other people 's perspectives . "
Much the way Six Sigma came to symbolize Jack Welch 's approach to management at GE , Duke talks about " majoring in the majors . "
Given Wal - Mart 's incredible size , it 's his way of getting employees to focus on only the things that are big enough to make a difference .
The idea even trickles down to business meetings .
If managers exceed their allotted time by a few minutes , Duke will cut them off - his attempt to force them to prioritize .
***
On Friday , Jan. 30 , his last day in the office as CEO , Scott sensed his time running out and found himself repeating the same phrase .
" Whenever I called someone , I said , ' This is Lee Scott , the CEO of Wal - Mart , ' because I knew it would be the last time I could say that , " Scott says .
He spent the weekend in Florida babysitting his 3 - week - old granddaughter .
Meanwhile , back in Bentonville , Duke moved his belongings into Scott 's old office .
( Scott now occupies a smaller space down the hall . )
Scott will serve as chairman of the board 's executive committee until 2011 and plans to continue his lobbying efforts on health - care reform and corporate green initiatives .
" Lee never entered the CEO job with a view to being there forever , " Peterson , the former HR director , says .
" He always believed there should be balance in life . "
Although he worked plenty of long days , Scott tried to leave the office by 5:30 to have dinner with his family , friends say .
Once a colleague was in Scott 's office around quitting time , and the two were deep in discussion when Scott simply got up , shut off the lights , and walked out .
With similar abruptness , the Scott era at Wal - Mart has gone dark .
Gordon Brown today offered to put Britain 's Trident nuclear missiles on the international negotiating table to signal that he is serious about playing a leading role in multilateral disarmament talks .
In a speech this morning at Lancaster House , the prime minister said that " as soon as it becomes useful for our arsenal to be included in a broader negotiation , Britain stands ready to participate and to act " .
Nuclear arms experts said that the speech signalled a significant change in Britain 's stance , showing a greater readiness to put Trident on the negotiating table .
Since a landmark speech in June 2007 by the then - foreign secretary , Margaret Beckett , Britain has officially endorsed the ultimate aim of abolishing nuclear weapons , but has been accused of hypocrisy because of its decision to renew and modernise its submarine - based Trident deterrent .
" The British government has to get over its lack of credibility on the international scene .
This is their attempt to establish their credibility , " said Paul Ingram , the executive director of the British American Security Information Council .
He said that the previous British position had been that Trident would not be put on the table until US and Russian arsenals had been reduced to roughly the same levels .
" Brown is saying that Britain is now prepared to put Trident into the mix at an earlier stage , " Ingram said .
The Obama administration has signalled its willingness to make deep cuts in the US arsenal , and – Dmitry Medvedev 's speech today to Russia 's generals notwithstanding – Moscow has suggested it may be willing to respond .
Some reports suggest that the world 's two major arsenals could be reduced to under a thousand warheads each .
Britain has 160 warheads deployed and ready for use at any one time , but Brown said that number was " under constant review " .
" If it is possible to reduce the number of UK warheads further , consistent with our national deterrence requirements and with the progress of multilateral discussions , Britain will be ready to do so , " the prime minister said .
A Downing Street official said it would be unhelpful for Britain 's negotiating position to say at what point Trident would be put on the table in disarmament talks , but he said the speech was intended to show " we are serious and not just paying lip service " .
" If we are serious and we do actually want to energise the discussion [ on multilateral disarmament ] , we need to take an open position on our own nuclear deterrent , " the official said .
The 1968 non-proliferation treaty ( NPT ) is up for review next year at a time when it is under increasing strain .
North Korea tested a nuclear device in 2006 , and Iran is insisting on its right to enrich uranium in the face of UN sanctions , denying western claims that it is developing weapons .
Israel already has a nuclear arsenal , and other Middle Eastern countries are looking into acquiring one .
Non-nuclear states such as Iran have argued that the world 's declared nuclear powers have not fulfilled their part of the NPT , failing to carry out significant disarmament .
The prime minister yesterday said Britain would lead a programme of intensified negotiations leading up to the NPT review conference , under the title " Road to 2010 " .
" As possessor states we cannot expect to successfully exercise moral and political leadership in preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons if we ourselves do not demonstrate leadership on the question of disarmament of our weapons , " he said .
" We are not asking non-nuclear weapons states to refrain from proliferation while nuclear weapons states amass new weapons .
We are asking them not to proliferate while nuclear weapon states take steps to reduce their own arsenals in line with the non-proliferation treaty 's requirements . "
He restated the west 's offer to help Iran to build a civil nuclear industry under full UN safeguards , including establishing a guaranteed supply of nuclear fuel , if Tehran suspends uranium enrichment .
If the Iranian government continued to refuse , Brown said , it would face tougher sanctions .
Everything is fair game at breakfast — and long has been , of course — but to most Americans it does n’t seem appropriate to start making what amounts to dinner at seven in the morning .
It ’s one thing to eat leftover pizza , pasta , roast chicken , soup , whatever ; it ’s entirely another to start cooking them while your tea or coffee is still brewing .
It does feel natural , however , to see grains as the basis for a savory breakfast .
Grains are the foundation of many traditional breakfasts , like cereal , toast and porridge ; they can be fast or prepared in advance ( more on this in a moment ) , they require little or no attention , and they ’re satisfying .
Their flavor is also neutral enough to be the starting point for a host of dishes that can be as simple as oatmeal with scallions and soy ( or olive oil and tapenade , or chopped tomatoes and cucumbers , or miso and seaweed ) , or as complex as polenta “ pizza ” with greens and pancetta , an unusual and spectacular weekend breakfast dish .
About speed and the rushed - morning syndrome : I have long maintained that instant or even “ quick ” oatmeal is a hoax , given that rolled oats require only a few minutes to make , that even steel - cut oats can be cooked pretty quickly , and that any grain can be made “ instant ” by grinding it a bit finer in a good blender or food processor .
There are other tricks that make whole grains faster ( pre-cook halfway , soak overnight or use a pressure cooker , for example ) , but in the last few years I realized that even these are n’t crucial .
That ’s because any whole grain can be cooked ahead of time in any quantity .
The easiest technique is simply to boil a couple of cups of grains as you would pasta , in abundant water , until done and then refrigerate .
If , as happens with finely ground grains , the cooked grain sets up in the refrigerator ( often desirable , in the case of polenta ) , you just whisk in a little water before reheating , which you can do on top of the stove or in the microwave .
Uncovering this little - known fact has made the savory , grain - based breakfast a matter of routine for me .
I do polenta with butter and Parmesan ; steel - cut oats with peanut butter ( sometimes with hot sauce ) ; and , a recent favorite , brown rice with dried mushrooms and dried tomatoes .
In addition to the polenta “ pizza , ” and the wheat berry - soy - scallions bowl , which I eat in one variation or another at least once a week , you might consider this coconut oat pilaf , a spicy , aromatic dish that will change the way you think about oatmeal .
As for the wild rice and quinoa dish , a kind of stuffing for breakfast , this — like the traditional post - Thanksgiving meal — is a perfect place for leftovers .
As is breakfast in general .
Image
Wheat berries with sesame , soy sauce and scallions .
Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
Here are a few more fast ideas for savory , mostly whole - grain breakfasts ( some of which come from readers of my blog , Bitten — for these I say a general “ thanks ” ) :
Breakfast risotto I ca n’t think of a leftover risotto I would n’t love at breakfast .
But if you ’re starting from scratch , fry sausage or pancetta in a little oil ; add dried tomatoes , garlic , and onion , then rice .
Make the risotto .
Finish with cheese , parsley or sage , lemon juice .
The genetic toolkit that animals use to build fins and limbs is the same genetic toolkit that controls the development of part of the gill skeleton in sharks , according to research to be published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on March 23 , 2009 , by Andrew Gillis and Neil Shubin of the University of Chicago , and Randall Dahn of Mount Desert Island Biological Laboratory .
" In fact , the skeleton of any appendage off the body of an animal is probably patterned by the developmental genetic program that we have traced back to formation of gills in sharks , " said Andrew Gillis , lead author of the paper and a graduate student in the Department of Organismal Biology and Anatomy at the University of Chicago .
" We have pushed back the evolutionary origin of the developmental genetic program that patterns fins and limbs . "
This new finding is consistent with an old theory , often discounted in science textbooks , that fins and ( later ) limbs evolved from the gills of an extinct vertebrate , Gillis added .
" A dearth of fossils prevents us from definitely concluding that fins evolved from gills .
Nevertheless , this research shows that the genetic architecture of gills , fins and limbs is the same . "
The research builds on the breakthrough discovery of the fossil Tiktaalik , a " fish with legs , " by Neil Shubin and his colleagues in 2006 .
" This is another example of how evolution uses common developmental programs to pattern different anatomical structures , " said Shubin , who is the senior author on the PNAS paper and Professor and Associate Dean of Organismal and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Chicago .
" In this case , shared developmental mechanisms pattern the skeletons of vertebrate gill arches and paired fins . "
The research also showed for the first time that the gill arch skeleton of embryonic skates ( a living relative of sharks that has gill rays ) responds to treatment with the vitamin A derivative retinoic acid in the same way a limb or fin skeleton does : by making a mirror image duplicate of the structure as the embryo develops .
According to the researchers , the genetic circuitry that patterns paired appendages ( arms , legs and fins ) has a deep evolutionary origin that actually predates the origin of paired appendages themselves .
" These findings suggest that when paired appendages appeared , the mechanism used to pattern the skeleton was co-opted from the gills , " Gillis said .
" Perhaps we should think of shark gills as another type of vertebrate appendage — one that 's patterned in essentially the same way as fins and limbs . "
The deep structural , functional , and regulatory similarities between paired appendages and developing gill rays , as well as the antiquity of gills relative to paired appendages , suggest that the signaling network that is induced by retinoic acid had a patterning function in gills before the origin of vertebrate appendages , the research concludes .
And this function has been retained in the gill rays of living cartilaginous fishes .
Source : University of Chicago Medical Center
The shark arch gill skeleton ( left ) shows primitive gill rays that are found only in sharks and other cartilaginous fishes .
The gills of other fishes ( right ) are also arched but lack gill rays .
This primitive feature of sharks allowed the researchers to link the developmental genetic program for fins and limbs to the more primitive one for gill rays .
( Photo Credit : Image by J. Andrew Gillis , University of Chicago )
When registering event handlers in jQuery , chaining ‘ mouseup ’ after ‘ click ’ after ‘ focus ’ can produce , what is , in my opinion , ugly code :
$ ( elem ) . focus ( function ( ) { ... } ) . click ( function ( ) { ... } ) . mouseup ( function ( ) { ... } ) ;
It really depends on taste ; personally I ’d prefer a far more intuitive interface which would enable me to specify all event handlers within a single declaration :
$ ( elem ) .
events ( { focus : function ( ) { ... } , click : function ( ) { ... } , mouseup : function ( ) { ... } , // Namespaced event : ' mousedown.namespace ' : function ( ) { ... } , // Custom event : exit : function ( ) { ... } } ) ;
Made possible with a tiny plugin :
j Query . fn . events = function ( o ) { for ( var i in o ) { this .
bind ( i , o [ i ] ) ; } return this ; } ;
In my opinion this offers a semantically superior means to bind event handlers in jQuery .
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
I ’ve been predicting the collapse of the Mexican Nation - State since 2006 .
It turns out that was a bit premature .
But with violence flaring , the potential for collapse in Mexico is once again in the headlines .
Oil production continues to fall , border violence is up , and the government is preparing for a showdown with the drug cartels .
I ’ll argue below that the government will keep the wheels on through 2009 , but that the Mexican state will collapse shortly thereafter , ushering in the beginning of the end of the Nation - State .
It ’s been difficult to read a paper or watch the news recently without hearing about the growing troubles in Mexico .
The US military ’s Joint Forces Command issued their Joint Operating Environment 2008 report recently that listed Mexico and Pakistan as the most likely states to collapse in the immediate future ( PDF , see p.35 for analysis of Mexico ) .
Even 60 minutes ran a segment about the rising drug violence .
Of course , readers are probably already aware that a root cause of the problems in Mexico is the precipitous decline of Mexican oil production and an even faster decline in the level of oil exports .
Add to that declining remittance incomes being sent home by migrant workers in America , declining tourist revenues , and lower revenue per barrel of oil exported , and the Mexican state is experiencing a severe financial crunch .
While the fiscal stability of the Mexican state is impacted by continually declining oil production and oil exports that are declining even faster , this impact is mitigated to some extent because PEMEX hedged the majority of its oil production through 2009 at roughly $ 70 / barrel .
Depending on the price of oil in 2010 , Mexican oil revenues stand to drop off a cliff as PEMEX loses hedge coverage .
Does this mean the Mexican state is finished ?
The current crack - down by the Mexican military and federal police is , I think , best seen as a last - ditch effort to save the state .
But it is also evidence that , by the very existence of this pitched battle , the state retains enough viability to pose a threat , and therefore to be targeted .
In military theory , pitched battles are only consciously joined by both sides when both have an incentive to risk the main body of their force — - either because they think they can win a decisive victory or because they are running out of the political , logistical , or economic ability to sustain their army in the field and must seek a decisive action while they can .
Clearly the drug cartels smell blood — - and tactics like forcing the resignation of the Juarez police chief by killing one or more police officers every 48 hours demonstrate their desire for a decisive engagement .
Additionally , the motivation behind a recent truce among rival drug cartels may be to facilitate a joint offensive against the government .
In my opinion , the Mexican government is seeking a pitched battle for the second reason — with their oil hedges only in place through 2009 , and with oil production , remittance income , and tourism dollars poised to continue a sharp decline , the state may not have much more than a year of financial viability in which to cripple the drug cartels .
While a pitched battle may be politically expedient for the state , I think the cartels are too widespread and deeply ingrained to be defeated militarily .
Salvation for the Mexican state will require regaining the long - term ability to compete with the cartels as a provider of social order and economic activity — - something that cannot be gained on the battlefield .
At a minimum , in order to finance its ongoing viability , the state needs significantly higher oil prices to increase export revenue or a rapid recovery in the US to generate an increase in remittance income .
Given the current economic climate , the occurrence of both of these seems highly unlikely — - there is simply no way of knowing where the tipping point lies , whether either one of these factors , or both , can save the Mexican state from eventual collapse .
And without a renewed fiscal foundation , the eventual collapse of the Mexican state seems inevitable …
Impacts of Increasing Instability in Mexico
First , the increasing instability in Mexico will have a significant impact on PEMEX ’s ability to maintain the necessary levels of investment to minimize production declines .
This creates a positive feedback - loop : faster declines mean more financial difficulties , more instability , and less investment , precipitating even faster declines .
In 2009 , PEMEX plans capital expenditures of roughly $ 20 Billion .
Traditionally , due to laws that prevent foreign ownership of many categories of natural resources , PEMEX has relied on debt to finance capital expenditures .
More recently , PEMEX has also been pushing for a reform to the Mexican oil law that would allow foreign companies an ownership stake in Mexican projects in exchange for investment .
Regardless of whether PEMEX pursues debt or equity financing , instability in Mexico ’s property rights regime — - certainly including the potential for governmental collapse — - will seriously hamper these efforts .
Certainly the impact of disintegration in Mexico will have an impact north of the border .
There is already a clear spill - over in criminal activity in border states .
At some point , the national security threat to the United States will bring calls for intervention — but are there any effective options ?
The sprawling yet dense cities and mountainous rural terrain of Northern Mexico should give any military planners pause , especially in light of recent American experiences in Afghanistan and Iraq .
That did n't stop President Obama and Admiral Mullen from meeting yesterday to discuss exactly these options .
Some commentators have even suggested that Mexico , not Iraq or Russia or Afghanistan , will be the defining national security challenge of the Obama administration .
The potential impact on Mexican oil production seems clear .
More superficially , the situation in Mexico gives commentators of all stripes something to worry about .
The spill - over of drug violence seems to preoccupy most mainstream talking - heads , but a few commentators have traced these problems back to their roots — and see a much more troubling threat .
Specifically , the troubles in Mexico are an early sign of the failure of the Nation - State model .
I ’ve written about this extensively , and my intent here is not to re-hash my critique of the Nation - State system : if you ’re interested , here ’s an academic paper on the topic .
The key is that the trends pulling Mexico apart at the seams are ubiquitous — - Mexico is merely facing this perfect storm first .
As the Nation - State dominos begin to tumble next -- Pakistan perhaps , then Iraq , then Russia , then Italy , then China , then Indonesia , etc. — - the pressure on the rest will grow .
And many of the most threatened states are also the most critical to global oil exports .
While I do n’t think Mexico — in its current form — has many years left , I hope I ’m wrong .
It ’s a beautiful country ( especially if you can get outside the Americanized hotel zones ) , with a vibrant culture .
It may even prosper in a post - peak world under some different form of social and political organization .
And a token state - shell may last for decades ( another global trend , I suspect ) — after all , the cartels will probably be happy to delegate parts of the social contract to the “ sovereign . ”
But , for all practical purposes , the Mexican state wo n’t survive to see 2012 .
Microsoft 's Songsmith software , which " generates musical accompaniment to match a singer ’s voice " has become infamous for the creation of painful versions of classic tracks like Roxanne .
Now there emerges a more creative use of the tool : turning stock charts into music by assigning notes to points on a graph ( above ) .
With the tagline " Crisis sounds so cool " , the compositions by Johannes Kreidler are an amusing commentary on the state of the economy ... if a little painful on the ear .
How are you using Songsmith , and have you found a use that is n't pure comedy gold ?
HAVANA ( Reuters ) - Cuba launched its own variant of the Linux computer operating system this week in the latest front of the communist island ’s battle against what it views as U.S. hegemony .
A girl turns on her brand - new computer that her parents just bought in Havana , May 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Claudia Daut
The Cuban variant , called Nova , was introduced at a Havana computer conference on “ technological sovereignty ” and is central to the Cuban government ’s desire to replace the Microsoft software running most of the island ’s computers .
The government views the use of Microsoft systems , developed by U.S. - based Microsoft Corp , as a potential threat because it says U.S. security agencies have access to Microsoft codes .
Also , the long - standing U.S. trade embargo against the island makes it difficult for Cubans to get Microsoft software legally and to update it .
“ Getting greater control over the informatic process is an important issue , ” said Communications Minister Ramiro Valdes , who heads a commission pushing Cuba ’s migration to free software .
Cuba , which is 90 miles from Florida , has been resisting U.S. domination in one form or another since Fidel Castro took over Cuba in a 1959 revolution .
Younger brother Raul Castro replaced the ailing 82 - year - old leader last year , but the U.S. - Cuba conflict goes on , now in the world of software .
According to Hector Rodriguez , dean of the School of Free Software at Cuba ’s University of Information Sciences , about 20 percent of computers in Cuba , where computer sales to the public began only last year , are currently using Linux .
Nova is Cuba ’s own configuration of Linux and bundles various applications of the operating system .
Rodriguez said several government ministries and the Cuban university system have made the switch to Linux but there has been resistance from government companies concerned about its compatibility with their specialized applications .
“ I would like to think that in five years our country will have more than 50 percent migrated ( to Linux ) , ” he said .
Unlike Microsoft , Linux is free and has open access that allows users to modify its code to fit their needs .
“ Private software can have black holes and malicious codes that one does n’t know about , ” Rodriguez said .
“ That does n’t happen with free software . ”
Apart from security concerns , free software better suits Cuba ’s world view , he said .
“ The free software movement is closer to the ideology of the Cuban people , above all for the independence and sovereignty . ”
Monday , 02 Mar , 2009 Offbeat
It may sound unbelievable , but a woman from Michigan , United States , who had two wombs , gave birth to two babies , one from each of the woman 's uteruses .
The name of the 21 - year - old woman is Sarah Reinfelder .
She gave birth to twin daughters called Kaylin Joy and Valerie Marie , who were delivered 7 weeks premature through 2 Caesarean sections .
Doctors say that Mrs. Reinfelder 's condition is called uterus didelphys , which involves a womb dividing itself in two parts , each having its own fallopian tube .
Despite the fact that some women may not know they have this condition , statistics show that one in 3,000 women have it .
But the most surprising fact is that the probability of carrying a baby in each womb is limited to one in 5 million .
The first of the delivered twins was Kaylin Joy , who weighted 3lb 15 oz .
Then Valerie Marie was delivered , having 4lb 15 oz and being born from the larger womb .
Due to the fact that the two babies have not completely developed the use of lungs , they would remain in the hospital under the doctors ' supervision for about a month , informs The Mining Journal .
Despite the rareness of such cases , there were a number of similar cases documented .
The first of its kind case was documented in 2006 when a British woman with two wombs gave birth to healthy triplets .
Her name was Hannah Kersey and she was from Northam , Devon .
She gave birth to a couple of identical twins from an egg that had implanted in one of the two wombs and then parted , and to a baby from an egg in the other womb .
The probability of such condition is limited to one in 25 million .
Still worried about Obama 's birth certificate ?
Mad about an unwise comment that was apologized for a week ago already ?
Need to complain about the fashion choices of the first lady ?
This is your contact .
All nit -picking , questions unrelated to policy , and all old , tired , refuted lies will be handled by the new Adjunct Press Secretary , with skin as thick as a elephant and no aversion to calling people stupid ( in the most delicate way , of course ) .
Free up Gibbs - let him just refer dumb questions from Faux " News " directly to the new Adjunct .
Let Gibbs and Obama stick to dealing with policy .
The Republicans left Obama with plenty to do , and now they seem intent on filling the airwaves with side issues and petty complaints , just to distract the Administration and Congress from the real work that needs to take place .
Free them up again with this new position .
And I think pretty much any advice from former monster - in - residence Dick Cheney about how the country should be run now could be handled by the Adjunct Press Secretary , as well as most of what Karl Rove spews .
Of course , as soon as your question is referred to this new office , everyone pretty much knows that the formal administration position about you and your question / issue / concern is that you are the real - life version of a website troll .
Update :
Hey , first time on the recommended list !
Thank you !
That allowed me to create this visualization -- to create software that allowed me to see how this was all moving in a city .
Then we started adding in the next element , which are taxi cabs .
Now we have another entity roaming about the metropolis , reporting where it is and what work it has , going over GPS and CB radio or cellphone .
And then you get to the emergency services : ambulances , firetrucks and police -- and suddenly you have have this very rich sense of what ’s happening right now in the city .
Twitter has been my life 's work in many senses .
It started with a fascination with cities and how they work , and what ’s going on in them right now .
That led me to the only thing that was tractable in discovering that , which was bicycle messengers and truck couriers roaming about , delivering packages .
It has very special significance -- it 's hanging in the office somewhere with one other page .
Whenever I 'm thinking about something , I really like to take out the yellow notepad and get it down .
It was when Dorsey saw these systems through the eyes of the social , mobile Web , where anyone can squawk from anywhere , that Twitter 's Big Idea was born .
Twitter did n't just fly out of thin air and land on a branch .
As Dorsey explains , it has conceptual roots in the world of vehicle dispatch -- where cars and bikes zooming around town must constantly squawk to each other about where they are and what they 're up to .
The legal - pad sketch of the idea that would become Twitter has been noticed before , but given all the recent hype , we thought we 'd track down Dorsey and ask him about it in a little more detail .
In the following interview , Dorsey uses the document to touch on aspects of the micromessaging service 's history , including the inspirations and constraints that came to define one of the Web 's most rapidly growing information channels .
Sitting in the Flickr archives is a nearly 10 - year - old document uploaded a couple of years ago by its author , Jack Dorsey ( @jack ) , who started Twitter in 2006 along with co-founders Evan Williams ( @ev ) and Biz Stone ( @biz ) .
... was instant messenger .
This aspect where you can just locate your buddy list and at a glance locate what your friends are up to , or what they say they ’re up to .
I found the same parallels in dispatch -- here ’s a bunch of ambulances and couriers reporting where they are , and here ’s my friends .
Now , the problem with IM is that you ’re bound to the computer , so it really limited the interestingness of the messages .
So that document was around 2000 - 2001 when I really got into IM and a service called LiveJournal .
And it was crystallizing the thought :
What if you have LiveJournal , but you just make it more live ?
You have these people watching your journal , but it all happens in real time , and you can update it from anywhere .
That document was an exploration of that concept .
When did you first try to build out the idea ?
I tried it back in 2000 with the first device that RIM made -- the RIM 850 , which was the predecessor to the BlackBerry .
A very simple squat little e-mail device .
It had four lines of text and a typical BlackBerry keyboard .
They were like $ 400 , and it would just do e-mail .
I wrote a very simple program to listen to an e-mail address and take any updates from me and send them out to a list of my friends .
And my friends could reply to that e-mail and tell me what they ’re doing .
But the problem was that no one else had those devices –- so again , it limited the experience of that .
We were limited until 2005 - 2006 when SMS took off in this country and I could finally send a message from Cingular to Verizon .
And that just crystallized -- well , now ’s the time for this idea .
And we started working on it .
It was really SMS that inspired the further direction -- the particular constraint of 140 characters was kind of borrowed .
You have a natural constraint with the couriers when you update your location or with IM when you update your status .
But SMS allowed this other constraint , where most basic phones are limited to 160 characters before they split the messages .
So in order to minimize the hassle and thinking around receiving a message , we wanted to make sure that we were not splitting any messages .
So we took 20 characters for the user name , and left 140 for the content .
That ’s where it all came from .
For any potential Twitter historians out there , can you offer a few more details about the drawing -- the little googly eyes , for example ?
The little eyeballs were " watching . "
The concept was watching before we kind of switched it and developed it into " following . "
So you could watch or unwatch someone -- but we found a better word -- follow or unfollow .
The important consideration there was that on Twitter , you ’re not watching the person , you ’re watching what they produce .
It ’s not a social network , so there ’s no real social pressure inherent in having to call them a " friend " or having to call them a relative , because you ’re not dealing with them personally , you ’re dealing with what they ’ve put out there .
The document 's user interface metaphor is very similar [ to how Twitter turned out ] .
You have a little box to " set " your update , and past updates would go down into the timeline below .
Immediately the idea was device - agnostic .
You could deliver over e-mail or deliver over Jabber , because IM was a real - time mechanism -- and eventually you could deliver over SMS as well .
And the only other aspect on that page was how to find other people .
If you know someone , you type in their name or e-mail address , and you can immediately start following their updates .
What are the " authentication triples " on the upper left there ?
I was trying to be a little bit too smart , and was trying to figure out ways to do everything without a password .
But that ’s very difficult and requires way too much thought .
So we punted on that .
But someone will figure it out .
[ laughs ]
Then when did the service 's name morph from “ Status / Stat.us ” to “ twittr ” to Twitter ?
The working name was just " Status " for a while .
It actually did n’t have a name .
We were trying to name it , and mobile was a big aspect of the product early on ...
We liked the SMS aspect , and how you could update from anywhere and receive from anywhere .
We wanted to capture that in the name -- we wanted to capture that feeling : the physical sensation that you ’re buzzing your friend ’s pocket .
It ’s like buzzing all over the world .
So we did a bunch of name - storming , and we came up with the word " twitch , " because the phone kind of vibrates when it moves .
But " twitch " is not a good product name because it does n’t bring up the right imagery .
So we looked in the dictionary for words around it , and we came across the word " twitter , " and it was just perfect .
The definition was " a short burst of inconsequential information , " and " chirps from birds . "
And that ’s exactly what the product was .
The whole bird thing : bird chirps sound meaningless to us , but meaning is applied by other birds .
The same is true of Twitter : a lot of messages can be seen as completely useless and meaningless , but it ’s entirely dependent on the recipient .
So we just fell in love with the word .
It was like , " Oh , this is it . "
We can use it as a verb , as a noun , it fits with so many other words .
If you get too many messages you ’re " twitterpated " -- the name was just perfect .
But you needed that short code -– in order to operate SMS you need the short code to operate with this cellular administration .
So we were trying to get " twttr " -- because we could just take out the vowels and get the 5 - digit code .
But unfortunately Teen People had that code -– it was ‘ txttp ’ [ Text TP ] .
So we just decided to get an easy - to - remember short code [ 40404 ] , and put the vowels back in .
So Twitter was it , and it ’s been a big part of our success .
Naming something and getting the branding right is really important .
Updated Feb. 19 : Here 's the second part of the interview , in which Dorsey talks about the growing Twitter ecosystem , the service 's effect on news gathering and why he does n't like to " go back in time . "
-- David Sarno [ follow on Twitter ]
” directed by ( formerstar ) , which cost $ 20 m to make was finished in August last year .
But the “ fantastic ” tale is struggling to find a buyer and secure a US distribution deal .
Despite the huge publicity and big - name cast , and , negotiations with several prospective commercial partners are ongoing , but no release date has been set .
One concern among buyers may be the film ’s complicated synopsis , involving a surreal contest between the 1,000 - year - old Dr Parnassus ( played by ) and the devil ( known as Mr Nick , and played by ) .
Ledger ’s character , Tony , is a mysterious outsider who apparently travels through a dream world .
If Gilliam cannot find a distributor willing to pay the going rate for rights to screen it in cinemas , Heath Ledger ’s final film , ” The Imaginarium Of Doctor Parnassus ” will go straight to DVD .
U2 singer Bono apologises after foul - mouthed insult of Coldplay 's Chris Martin
Pop star Bono made a foul - mouthed outburst on BBC radio minutes after the broadcaster kicked off a controversial day - long promotion of his band U2 .
The corporation was forced to issue a humiliating on - air apology this morning after the Irish singer swore during a live morning show .
It comes amid a storm of controversy over the BBC 's decision to hand over its airwaves to the Irish band just days before the group 's album is released .
One critic said they had been handed a million pounds ' worth of free publicity .
Looking down on the fans : Bono performs from the balcony outside Bush House , a free concert put on as part of the band 's tie - in with the BBC
Bono 's appearance was part of a series of special shows and appearances this week , just days ahead of the band 's new music release .
These included a rooftop performance last night at Bush House , which attracted hundreds of fans
Critics said the BBC was acting like a publicity machine for the band .
There have been relentless trailers in recent days for promotion of the band , under the slogan ' U2=BBC ' .
The broadcaster has even set up a dedicated part of its website offering tickets to appearances and links to the band 's official site .
Sorry : Bono , pictured leaving the Radio 1 studios today , has apologised for swearing on live radio
Tory MP Nigel Evans , who sits on the culture , media and sport select committee , said it was ' the sort of publicity money can't buy ' .
The band were less than two minutes into an interview with Radio 1 DJ Jo Whiley when Bono called Coldplay star Chris Martin 'a w*****'.
A shocked Miss Whiley immediately interrupted the star to demand an apology for the gaffe which was being broadcast at 11.45 am .
But despite a series of frantic apologies from the DJ , the BBC uploaded the interview onto it 's iPlayer website without editing the offending material .
Rooftop concert : U2 perform on the top of Bush House as the fans mass below
The incident occurred after Whiley played a Coldplay track ahead of the band 's arrival in the studio .
She asked Bono if he thought that Martin - the husband of actress Gwyneth Paltrow - was as talented as Paul McCartney .
Bono replied : ' I think he's that good a melodist , but he 's a w*****.'
Whiley then cut the star off mid way through his answer saying : ' Would you like to apologise for what you 've just said live on my show ? '
Rivalry : Bono labelled Chris a ' w * * ker ' live on Radio 1
Bono joked : ' I 'm a reformed character , I do n't do that any more . '
Whiley retorted : ' You 're not showing any signs of being reformed . '
The Irish singer then attempted to play down his comments , but ended up insulting the Coldplay singer again .
He said : ' He 's [ Martin ] obviously a completely dysfunctional character and a cretin but he happens to be a great melodist and up there with Ray Davis , Noel Gallagher and Paul McCartney . '
An embarrassed Whiley was then forced to make an apology herself and added : ' I 'm sorry if anyone is listening at the moment who were offended by the words that Bono said .
I will apologise on his behalf . '
Bono then added : ' I 'm sorry , it 's early . '
He later backtracked on his comments in the interview saying : ' I think they [ Coldplay ] are a great band and actually , it turns out he ’s a great soul as well .
' Sorry about that .
I was just joking entirely . '
However , there appeared to be no animosity between Bono and Chris Martin when they shared a stage in west London last week at a charity concert after the Brit Awards .
U2's comeback has been touted in the music press as an attempt to win back their ' biggest band in the world ' tag .
Coldplay 's last album Viva La Vida has sold seven million copies world - wide .
U2's new album No Line On The Horizon will be released on March 2 .
Defying the cold :
The fans packed in to watch the free performance
There are several appearances and shows across BBC1 , BBC2 , Radio 1 , Radio 2 and Radio 4 featuring or about U2 .
This included the ' Live Lounge ' session on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show and an interview on Chris Evans 's Radio 2 show .
There was also a special of BBC2's The Culture Show tonight dedicated to the band and a performance on Jonathan Ross 's BBC1 chat show .
The group also appeared on Zane Lowe 's Radio 1 show this week and will also appear on Radio 4 arts programme Front Row .
On a similarly high note Bono told Jonathan Ross last night the meaning behind new single Get On Your Boots was east African slang for 'use a condom ' .
Bird 's eye view : U2 took inspiration from the Beatles ' famous rooftop performance
The BBC said they had received six complaints from listeners after the outburst .
Tory MP and broadcaster Ann Widdecombe also hit out at the BBC for failing to learn from past mistakes , including the Andrew Sachs fiasco .
She told the Daily Mail : ' If the BBC are really serious about trying to clean up their act then this not the way to go about doing it .
' It just shows complete contempt for the public . '
John Beyer , director of Mediawatch UK , waded into the row and accused the corporation of failing to warn its guests about the use of bad language .
He said : ' They should have edited the interview they put online .
This type of language is not acceptable .
The public opinion on this is clear and most people do not want to hear it .
' The BBC need to be able to properly advise the interviewees about the use of bad language and make sure it is not offensive on - air .
If the artists can't accept this they should not be invited back again . '
A BBC spokesman said of the radio gaffe : ' An on - air apology was made immediately for the language used during this live broadcast .
We apologise for any offence caused . '
The spokesman said all the shows had to conform to editorial guidelines on justification and undue prominence .
Morning lineup :
Meet the Press : NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg ( I ) ; Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell ( D ) ; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R ) ; Roundtable : Tom Brokaw ( NBC News ) and Erin Burnett ( CNBC ) .
Face the Nation : Member of the White House Council of Economic Advisers Austan Goolsbee ; Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) ; Sen.
Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) ; John Dickerson ( Slate ) ; Jackie Calmes ( The New York Times ) .
This Week : Sen Kent Conrad ( D - ND ) ; Sen. Susan Collins ( R- ME ) ; Rep. Mike Pence
( R-IN ) ; Vice President Joe Biden's Chief Economist Jared Bernstein ; Roundtable : George Will ( ABC News ) , Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich , Democratic Strategist Donna Brazile , and Betsy Stark ( ABC News ) .
Fox News Sunday : Chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisers Christina Romer ; Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) ; Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - NY ) ; Chief White House Photographer Peter Souza ; Roundtable : Brit Hume ( Fox News ) , Bill Kristol ( The Weekly Standard ) , Mara Liasson ( NPR ) , and Juan Williams ( Fox News ) .
State of the Union : Christina Romer ; Sen. Judd Gregg ( R-NH ) ; Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm ( D ) ; Reliable Sources : Steve Kroft ( 60 Minutes ) ; Rep. Aaron Schock ( R - IL ) .
The Chris Matthews Show : Joe Klein ( TIME ) ; Kathleen Parker ( The Washington Post ) ; Katty Kay ( BBC ) ; Mark Whitaker ( NBC News ) .
Fareed Zakaria GPS : Ex - New York Gov. Elliot Spitzer ( D ) ; Bill and Melinda Gates ; New York University Professor Roy Smith ; Henry Blodget ( Cherry Hill Research ) ; Megan McArdle ( The Atlantic ) .
NCAA basketball tournament :
CBS 's continuing coverage of the tournament will begin at 12 pm EST , with several second round match - ups .
Note : President Obama 's bracket can be viewed here ( video ) .
Nate Silver 's analysis of Obama 's pick can be found here .
Primetime viewing :
60 Minutes will feature a wide - ranging interview with President Obama — conducted by Steve Kroft in the Oval Office on Friday .
...
Fresh off his triumph over CNBC's Jim Cramer ...
Jon Stewart examined Congress ' attempt to find someone – anyone – to blame for the AIG bonus scandal .
The Daily Show ( Week of March 30 )
Monday : CNN Commentator Jack Cafferty Tuesday : Actor Seth Rogen ( " Observe and Report " ) Wednesday : OMB Director Peter Orszag Thursday : Author Tom Zoellner ( " Uranium " )
Stephen Colbert , on the other hand , focused his attention on solving the problem .
The Colbert Report ( Week of March 30 )
Monday : Astronomer Derrick Pitts Tuesday : Author David Plotz ( " Good Book LP " ) Wednesday : Author Dambisa Mayo ( " Dead Aid " ) Thursday : Twitter Co-Founder Biz Stone
Note :
Both shows will be airing re-runs the week of March 23 ( this week ) .
...
Moving along , from Chief Executive Officers to the idiot formerly known as the Decider - in - Chief ...
George W. Bush has signed a seven - figure deal with Random House to publish his memoir , tentatively titled " Decision Point " .
He said it will be fun to write and that " it 's going to be ( about ) the 12 toughest decisions I had to make . "
" I 'm going to put people in my place , so when the history of this administration is written at least there 's an authoritarian voice saying exactly what happened , " Bush said .
...
As nausea - inducing as you may find that , I guarantee you that it 's nothing compared to this :
The Republican 's Working Man hero
Joe the Plumber could barely contain himself last night before a crowd of adoring , media - bashing conservatives .
" God , all this love and everything in the room - I 'm horny , " declared Joe , whose real name is Samuel Wurzelbacher .
...
And if that does n't get you feeling like you need a shower , these choice quotes from Bill O'Reilly 's audiobook , " Those Who Trespass " , surely will .
" Say baby , put down that pipe and get my pipe up . "
" I would like you to unhook your bra and let it slide down your arms .
You can keep your shirt on . "
" I wish I were a lesbian . "
...
This is what happens when you f*ck a stranger in the ass .
- Trix
The Kenny Rogers Effect
| Music has power .
We ’ve blogged about David Gray ‘s “ Babylon ” being used as a tool of torture , and how Barry Manilow records were played in Sydney , Australia , to flush teenage loiterers from its parks .
But music can also heal , of course .
A team of London neuroscientists is claiming that playing Kenny Rogers songs for stroke victims speeds their cognitive recovery .
They played the Flying Burrito Brothers Band and Frank Sinatra for their patients too , but Rogers garnered the best results .
Explains one researcher : “ We were thinking of calling this the Kenny Rogers Effect . ” [ % comments ]
Devan Duniver was a little girl who lived in New Philadelphia , Ohio , in the summer of 1998 .
She was 5 years old , Caucasian , with blond hair and blue eyes .
Devan lived in a modest two - story apartment complex with her mother and older brother , and was supposed to enter kindergarten in the fall .
She liked it when her mom read books to her , especially Dr. Seuss ’s One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish .
In the summer of 1998 , Anthony Harris was a 12 - year - old boy who lived with his mother and two brothers in the same apartment complex .
Anthony was supposed to enter the seventh grade in the fall .
He liked playing with Legos and toy trains and had a favorite stuffed monkey that he brought to sleepovers .
He was African American and tall for his age .
His teachers considered him polite and well - mannered .
New Philadelphia is a town of about 18,000 residents , located 80 miles south of Cleveland .
Much of the town has the look of a Norman Rockwell painting : Stately homes from the 1800s and majestic old trees line the streets .
In 1998 , African Americans made up 1 percent of the county ’s population .
On the morning of Saturday , June 27 , 1998 , Anthony Harris and his best friend went to Ernie ’s Bicycle Shop .
At 2 p.m .
Anthony walked home to check in with his mother , as she had told him to do .
He ran into Devan Duniver ’s mother , Lori , who was looking for her daughter .
Lori offered Anthony $ 5 to help her look .
Anthony searched with Lori Duniver for several hours , then went home .
Later he stayed over at his friend ’s house and they watched television .
At 8:11 p.m. Duniver called the police to report that her daughter was missing .
The town came out to look for the child .
In the midst of heavy storms and tornado warnings , roughly 400 people searched into the night .
The next day , around 2:30 p.m. , two searchers found the little girl ’s 40 - pound body in a small wooded area less than 150 feet from Devan ’s home .
She had been murdered –stabbed in the throat .
For more than two weeks , the police did n’t arrest any suspects .
The town police chief vowed that they ’d catch the killer .
On July 15 , 1998 , the police asked Anthony ’s mother to bring him to the station .
What happened that day started a ten - year legal saga that highlights the best and worst aspects of our criminal justice system .
Lives were forever altered , and despite the efforts of a passionate public defender , it ultimately took an Ohio appellate court , two federal courts , and the extraordinary commitment of two large law firms to repair some of the damage .
When a person ’s future is at stake , what kind of a system depends on the chance rescue efforts of volunteer lawyers ?
And does it really have to be so hard to hold public officials accountable for their misconduct–or to get them to say they ’re sorry ? was one of six public defenders for Tuscarawas County , working part - time and handling felonies .
When he heard that the police had a juvenile in custody who had confessed to murdering Devan Duniver , Hale volunteered for the case .
He met his new client before the preliminary hearing inside the nineteenth - century county courthouse that looms over New Philadelphia ’s public square .
Anthony Harris was handcuffed to a bar on the floor .
“ He was just a skinny kid , ” Hale recalls .
“ He looked lost and confused . ”
Hale , then 32 , had handled more than 400 felonies , and one murder .
This case , he figured , would be straightforward : “ I thought a 12 - year - old would n’t be able to cover up a murder . ”
After the hearing , Hale went to the police station to hear a tape of Anthony ’s confession .
He met with New Philadelphia police officer Jeffrey Urban , who was heading his second murder investigation .
New Philadelphia does n’t have many murders .
Some years there are none ; other years , one or two .
Urban claimed that Anthony was a likely suspect because the boy had given him differing accounts of the route he ’d taken home during the time Devan went missing .
Urban played the confession , which had been captured poorly on a pocket tape recorder .
The interrogation had been conducted the day before by Thomas Vaughn , the police chief of nearby Millersburg , a town of roughly 4,000 .
Anthony had been placed alone in an interrogation room with Vaughn ; his mother , Cynthia Harris , could watch through a one - way mirror , but could not hear what was said .
After making some small talk , Vaughn suggested to Anthony that the police had evidence linking him to Devan ’s murder , such as finding Devan ’s blood on his clothes and his footprints near Devan ’s body .
Anthony denied that he did anything wrong , but Vaughn , according to the transcript , kept pressing .
“ You ’re sorry you did this , are n’t you ?
You did n’t mean to kill her , did you ? ”
“ I did n’t kill her , ” Anthony replied .
Vaughn threatened that if Anthony did n’t confess , he would have to do a “ voice stress test , ” a technique that could tell whether he was lying , and then the child would be stuck with the results in court .
“ You know you did this crime , ” Vaughn told the little boy , suggesting that he understood why he might be angry enough to kill Devan .
“ A lot of African Americans got a lot of hate built up over the years . ”
After Anthony repeatedly denied harming Devan , the boy finally relented .
“ You stabbed her in the throat , did n’t you Anthony ? ” Vaughn insisted .
“ You did , did n’t you , Anthony ? ” “ Yes . ” “ Do you know how many times you stabbed her ? ” “ No . ” “ More than once ?
Five or six times ? ” “ No . ” “ Once or twice ? ” “ Probably twice . ”
After 80 minutes , Vaughn asked Anthony to write down his confession , and Anthony started to cry .
“ Can I talk to my mom ? ”
Anthony ’s mother who had been outside the room , walked in , and Vaughn started to tell her that Anthony had confessed .
But Anthony stopped him .
“ Wait .
I ’ll tell her that if I did it , I would have done it , but I did n’t do it , but I said I did it , ” said the boy , seemingly confused by what had happened .
“ You did n’t do it ? ” Cynthia Harris asked .
“ No . ” “ Then why did you tell him that you did ? ” “ Because I , I was just scared . ”
As Hale listened to the tape he kept shaking his head : “ I thought something is terribly wrong .
Anthony is just repeating back what is said to him .
He ’s just trying to say anything to get the guy to leave him alone . ”
Hale began to worry : “ This is not going to be the open - and - shut case I volunteered for .
” Amanda Spies was the prosecutor for Tuscarawas County .
The daughter of a local judge , she had held the elected post for a year and a half .
Spies ( who then went by the name Amanda Bornhorst ) had been at the police station the day of Anthony ’s confession , although she did n’t observe it .
Urban brought her the tape after the session with Anthony ended .
After listening to the part where Anthony confessed , she instructed Urban to arrest the boy .
After doing some research , Hale believed that he had strong grounds for challenging the confession .
First , the Miranda warning was suspect .
When Cynthia Harris brought Anthony to the police station on July 15 , officer Urban told her that the police wanted to do a “ relaxing ” interview with her son , and that it would be better if she was n’t in the room .
As soon as Anthony was separated from his mother , Chief Vaughn read him his Miranda rights , according to the transcript .
Chief Vaughn had been brought into the case at the urging of prosecutor Spies .
Vaughn had never before been involved in a murder investigation , but he was certified in the questionable voice stress analysis technique .
( These tests , considered by some experts to be useless , are not admissible in court . )
Although the police chief had threatened to perform a voice stress test on Anthony , he never did .
There was also an issue of coercion .
Chief Vaughn was also trained in manipulative interrogation techniques designed to elicit confessions .
These techniques , called the John Reid and Glen Foster techniques ( after their creators ) , are to be used only when police feel certain that a suspect is guilty and have independent evidence of guilt .
The approach involves telling the suspect that there ’s an airtight case against him , and offering leniency if he confesses .
The organization that trains people in the Reid technique warns that it may compel false confessions in children .
Vaughn followed the Reid and Foster techniques when he questioned Anthony .
To try to convince the boy that the police had a solid case , he lied .
They had n’t found Devan ’s blood on Anthony ’s clothes , and they did n’t find his footprints near her body .
In fact , there was no physical evidence whatsoever linking Anthony to the crime .
After studying the confession , Hale requested another hearing .
He argued that the confession was coerced and attached a transcript : “ I thought , surely , if [ the judge ] reads the confession , she ’ll realize the prosecution is wrong . ”
Judge Linda Kate denied the motion .
As Hale investigated the crime , he believed that the prosecution ’s theory was n’t credible .
The only opportunity Anthony had to kill Devan was between 1:45 and 2 p.m. on June 27 .
But when Lori Duniver saw Anthony at 2 p.m. , she did n’t notice any blood on him , even though he had supposedly just finished stabbing Devan in the neck seven times , severing her carotid artery .
None of Devan ’s DNA was ever identified on Anthony ’s clothes , and none of Anthony ’s DNA was found on Devan .
In addition , if Anthony killed Devan in this small wooded area , it seemed implausible that waves of searchers could have combed the spot for hours and never seen the girl ’s body , including her red shorts .
Hale maintained that Devan must have been killed somewhere else and her body moved at night .
“ Kids ca n’t make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich without leaving a trail of evidence , ” Hale , a father of four , kept insisting .
“ How could a 12 - year - old boy commit a murder without leaving any evidence ? ”
As the trial approached , Hale got assistance from a prominent African American lawyer from Cleveland , George Forbes , and his partner , Dennis Loconti , who became involved at the request of the local NAACP chapter .
Loconti , who has represented many juvenile defendants , remembers his first impression of Anthony : “ This is no streetwise kid . ”
Anthony spent the first three months after his arrest incarcerated at a “ juvenile attention center . ”
Judge Kate refused to release him until 90 days had passed ; at that point she said the law compelled the release of a juvenile .
Shackled to an electronic ankle monitor , Anthony joined his mother and brothers in Canton , Ohio , where they had moved .
When he tried to enroll in school there , the superintendent said that he would n’t admit him without a court order , according to an article at the time in The Akron Beacon Journal .
The school instead sent a teacher to teach Anthony at home .was the lone juvenile and probate court judge in Tuscarawas County .
Kate had become a judge the year before , after working as a magistrate for six years , and before that , serving as an assistant prosecutor in Massillon , Ohio .
When the trial began in January 1999 , New Philadelphia was riveted .
The case topped the front page of the local paper , The Times - Reporter , for days , and was a lead story on local television .
Ohio , unlike most states , does not protect the privacy of juveniles in criminal proceedings .
Judges have the discretion to decide the public ’s access .
In a highly unusual move , Judge Kate gave the press full access , and let them take photographs in the courtroom .
She even let the trial be broadcast over the radio .
Because this was a juvenile proceeding , there was no jury .
Judge Kate would decide Anthony ’s fate .
There was already tension between Hale and the judge and prosecutor .
Before the trial began , Hale had moved to disqualify Kate , claiming she had shown bias against Anthony .
Ohio Supreme Court justice Thomas Moyer , who considers these motions , denied Hale ’s request .
As for Hale ’s relationship with Spies , he had run against her for county prosecutor in 1996 , and the loss still stung the public defender .
Spies ’s main evidence against Anthony was the confession .
She also presented testimony by Devan ’s stepmother and a few children , who claimed that the girl was afraid of Anthony and that he had hit her .
One girl claimed that once when they were playing , Anthony said he would kill Devan .
In the midst of the trial , Hale moved for a mistrial , and for the second time asked Justice Moyer to disqualify Kate .
Hale asserted in an affidavit that before the defense had started its case , Kate had walked into a defense conference and pushed for the case to be “ resolved ” to avoid having some children testify as witnesses .
Kate did not dispute this , but asserted in court papers that she had not prejudged Anthony ’s guilt .
Chief Justice Moyer rejected Hale ’s request : “ I find nothing in the record that remotely demonstrates a predisposition [ against Anthony ] . ”
Two days after Moyer ’s ruling , in February 1999 , Judge Kate rejected a defense motion to suppress Anthony ’s confession .
She ruled that the police were n’t even required to give Anthony a Miranda warning ; she reasoned that the boy was not in custody when he was interrogated at the police station because he was never told he was in custody and could leave at any time .
In any event , Kate wrote , Anthony understood the Miranda warning , and his confession was not coerced .
For Anthony ’s defense , Hale had worked hard to line up some of the nation ’s top experts .
Richard Ofshe , a sociology professor at the University of California at Berkeley who is one of the leading experts in false confessions , testified that he believed Anthony ’s confession was coerced and false .
Forensic expert Dr. Charles
Petty , the former chief medical examiner of Dallas , testified that he was sure that Devan ’s body had been moved .
Eleven of the local searchers insisted that they had thoroughly examined the small wooded area and had not seen a body .
Two of Anthony ’s teachers vouched that he was a good kid and had never been disciplined for behavior problems .
Anthony ’s lawyers pointed out that the police barely investigated other suspects .
And they repeatedly stressed that there was no physical evidence linking the boy to the murder .
Anthony was overwhelmed by the proceedings , according to defense lawyer Loconti : “ I do n’t think he could follow everything that was going on .
He just sat there scared . ”
During the trial , Hale ’s frustration and anger grew : “ I felt I had a front row seat to a horrible play before my eyes .
I could not stop it .
I tried everything , and it seemed to be pointless .
But I was going to make a record [ of all the evidence ] . ”
At the end of the six - week trial , on March 10 , 1999 , Judge Kate found Anthony guilty .
A week later she gave him the maximum sentence for a juvenile : incarceration until he turned 21 .
“ I am very sure you committed this act , ” Kate told Anthony as he stood before her .
“ A malevolence has filled your soul . ”
The judge then appeared to show Anthony a photograph of Devan ’s body , according to an account by The Akron Beacon Journal .
“ This is what you left behind in your wake . ”
The judge then asked Anthony if he had anything to say .
“ Yes , Your Honor .
I did not commit this crime . ” and Geoffrey Mearns had adjoining offices at Cleveland ’s Thompson Hine .
The two were friends , but also intensely competitive litigation partners .
Both men were interested in social justice issues , but they approached them from different perspectives .
Warren had immersed himself in pro bono criminal cases throughout his career , which he started at Jenner & Block in Chicago .
Mearns was a former federal prosecutor who had helped convict Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols .
With the help of Northwestern Law School ’s Center on Wrongful Convictions , Anthony ’s plight was brought to their attention , and they agreed to handle the boy ’s appeal .
Hale was thrilled .
When he took them to meet the boy in detention , Hale started crying .
“ I really think we ’ve found lawyers who can help you , ” Hale told the boy .
As Warren and Mearns examined the record , they were relieved to see that Hale had done a good job preserving issues for appeal .
They also had one strong fact in their favor : Anthony ’s confession had been taped .
Cases like this can come down to a swearing match between a child and a police officer , and the child usually loses .
One of their toughest tactical decisions involved Spies ’s claim that Anthony ’s confession contained details that only the killer would know .
Warren and Mearns scoured the record and could n’t find anything in the confession fitting that description .
They took a chance and called Spies ’s bluff .
“ In our brief , we literally challenged the prosecution to identify even one statement that only the killer could have known , ” Mearns recalls .
“ We debated a long time .
If we miss something , we ’re sunk . ”
Their appeal , filed in November 1999 with Ohio ’s Fifth Appellate District , accused Judge Kate of prejudging Anthony ’s guilt and erring by not suppressing the confession .
It also maintained that the evidence was insufficient to support a conviction .
Their gamble worked .
The prosecution could n’t cite one fact given by Anthony that only the killer would know .
Mearns and Warren met with Anthony at the maximum security facilities where he was held , and tried to encourage him .
“ We thought there was hope , ” says Mearns .
But Warren , who would make the oral argument , was concerned about the prospects of getting such a notorious case overturned .
The appellate court held the oral arguments in March 2000 in New Philadelphia , in the same courthouse where Anthony had been tried .
A lottery was held for seats in the gallery .
Tarin Hale and Cynthia Harris sat together .
Lori Duniver was also present .
During the two - and - a - half - hour hearing , the judges asked lots of questions and seemed engaged .
Warren was encouraged .
“ I walked out of there feeling very good about our chances . ”
Three months later , on June 7 , 2000 , in an opinion written by Judge John Wise , the court unanimously overturned Judge Kate ’s decision .
The police had violated Anthony ’s Fifth Amendment rights :
He had been in custody , the Miranda warning was improper , and the confession had been coerced .
To the defense team ’s disappointment , the court did n’t address the sufficiency of the evidence used to convict Anthony .
If the court had found it insufficient , Spies would have been barred from retrying him .
The court remanded the case to Judge Kate .
Hale , Mearns , and Warren drove to the detention center to tell Anthony .
“ He had a huge grin , ” Hale recalls .
“ He could not believe it . ”
The next day , when Anthony was released , Spies announced at a press conference that she planned to retry him : “ Frankly , in my heart and in my gut , I feel that Anthony is responsible for the murder of Devan Duniver . ”
That night Anthony sat on the porch at his home and looked at the stars , which he had n’t seen for a long time .
Spies did n’t immediately recharge Anthony .
Without the confession , her case had collapsed .
With the criminal case seemingly behind them , Warren and Mearns thought about taking the battle in a different direction .
They talked to Anthony and his mother about filing a wrongful prosecution civil lawsuit .
Initially , the family declined , wanting to put these terrible events behind them .
In early 2003 , Warren checked with them again , and they decided to sue .
By this time Warren and Mearns had moved to a new firm , the Cleveland office of Baker & Hostetler .
The wrongful prosecution case would rest primarily on 42 U.S.C. 1983 , which provides redress for civil rights violations by government officials .
“ Section 1983 cases are almost always losers , ” says Baker & Hostetler partner Stephan Schlegelmilch , who did a lot of work on the case .
But , he adds , “ if section 1983 does n’t protect Anthony , it ’s meaningless . ”
The biggest hurdle would be the immunity that federal law gives police and prosecutors .
Police have “ qualified immunity ” from lawsuits arising from their official duties .
That immunity disappears , however , if their conduct violates a reasonable person ’s notion of clearly established legal rights .
Prosecutors are shielded by absolute immunity for anything they do as prosecutors , no matter how unethical .
The U.S. Supreme Court in 1976 held in Imbler v. Pachtman ( where a prosecutor knowingly presented perjured testimony ) that prosecutors need this immunity to protect them from “ harassment by unfounded litigation ” [ see No Consequences ] .
To develop their argument that the police actions were n’t reasonable , the Baker & Hostetler team hired a former agent from the Federal Bureau of Investigation to examine the criminal investigation .
To get around Spies ’s absolute immunity , they focused on actions that arguably fell outside her prosecutorial duties , such as instructing officer Urban to arrest Anthony .
They also believed they had a defamation claim for her “ heart and gut ” comment after Anthony was released .
After going through 27 drafts of the complaint , they filed it in August 2003 in federal district court in Akron .
They accused the defendants - Spies , Urban , Vaughn , New Philadelphia police chief Thomas Staggers , the cities of New Philadelphia and Millersburg , and Tuscarawas County–of “ eviscerating Anthony ’s constitutional rights . ”
They also included state law claims for malicious prosecution and defamation .
The case was assigned to federal district court judge John Adams , a former local prosecutor and common pleas judge who had been appointed to the bench just that year by President George Bush .
Anthony managed to resume the semblance of a normal life .
After his release from incarceration , he started high school in Canton , played on the football team , and graduated on time .
He then set his sights on becoming a Marine .
In January 2004 Anthony applied to join the U.S. Marine Corps , and disclosed his wrongful conviction .
A recruiter came to New Philadelphia to get his juvenile court record .
When Spies learned why the recruiter was there , she exclaimed to him , “ You ’ve got to be fucking kidding me ! , ” according to the recruiter .
The prosecutor told the recruiter that Anthony would always be a suspect in Devan ’s murder .
The Marines rejected Anthony ’s application .
In June 2004 the Baker & Hostetler lawyers amended the complaint to sue Spies for those comments , charging her with defamation and tortious interference with business relationships .
They also later added claims alleging that Spies had committed “ Brady violations ” by withholding exculpatory evidence .
Although Spies had absolute immunity from Brady claims , her employer , the county , did n’t .
In one example , Spies ’s notes from her files said that Devan ’s blood would have been “ splurting like crazy ” during her killing .
At the trial , Spies had maintained that Anthony did n’t have any visible blood on him because Devan would n’t have bled much .
When Judge Adams issued his decision in August 2004 rejecting the defendants ’ motions to dismiss , his words conveyed barely contained outrage : “ Despite the lack of any physical evidence to link Anthony to Devan ’s murder , the police defendants consciously elected to pursue a confession from 12 - year - old Anthony through unconstitutional means .
. . .
Chief Vaughn resorted to tactics that would compel a 12 - year - old boy ’s confession , regardless of his guilt or innocence . ”
As for Spies , her absolute immunity would not protect her against claims arising from her role in the investigation , including her instructions to arrest Anthony .
That fall the Baker & Hostetler lawyers sparred with the defendants in depositions .
Anthony , when he was deposed , reluctantly talked about the toll the prosecution and imprisonment had taken on him , saddling him with serious emotional issues .
“ They ripped my family and [ me ] apart , ” he testified .
“ It ’s like they just stomped a hole in my life . ”
A few months after the depositions , which lay bare deficiencies in the police investigation , the Baker & Hostetler team reached a settlement with officers Urban , Vaughn , and Staggers , and the cities of New Philadelphia and Millersburg .
In February 2005 their insurers agreed to pay $ 1.5 million .
For Warren and Mearns , the money was n’t enough .
They wanted an apology .
The three officers signed a letter to Anthony stating : “ We regret that you were wrongfully convicted of this crime .
We apologize to you and your family for the events that led to your conviction . ”
Spies refused to settle .
Anthony reapplied to the military in the spring of 2005 .
This time Judge Kate resisted clearing his name .
Responding to a letter from an Army recruiter seeking information , she stressed in a June 2005 letter that the appeals court never acquitted Anthony .
She characterized the reversal as a technicality , and noted , “ Mr. Harris remains eligible for prosecution . ”
Anthony never joined the Army .
The civil suit against Spies dragged on .
In May 2006 the Baker & Hostetler team suffered its first big setback .
Ruling on a summary judgment motion , Judge Adams dismissed with prejudice all the claims against the prosecutor , noting that Anthony ’s confession gave her probable cause to have him arrested .
The head of Baker & Hostetler ’s appellate practice , Thomas Warren ( no relation to Dan Warren ) , helped brief the appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .
( Mearns had left the firm to become dean of the Cleveland - Marshall College of Law in 2005 . )
A year and a half later , in January 2008 , the Sixth Circuit reversed .
In a 2 - to - 1 decision it reinstated most of the claims against Spies .
Judge Karen Nelson Moore , writing for the majority , stated that “ any reasonable prosecutor . . . would have known , after listening to the tape of the confession , that it was involuntary as a matter of law . ”
In late September 2008 , with Spies ’s trial just a few weeks away , finally , after ten years , the legal saga that began with Devan Duniver ’s death ended .
The case against Spies and her employer , Tuscarawas County , settled for $ 2.2 million , bringing the recovery to $ 3.7 million .
Warren could not extract an apology from the prosecutor .
The settlement came at a bad time for Spies .
She was running for reelection in November , challenged by a former public defender .
After The Times - Reporter backed her opponent , she was voted out of office by a significant margin .
She did not respond to requests for interviews .
The other defendants have fared better professionally .
Urban was promoted to police chief of New Philadelphia in 2002 .
He declined to say much about the case , but he noted that it was Spies , not he , who decided to arrest Anthony after the confession .
“ I would not have arrested him at that point , ” he says .
In his defense , Urban also says he did n’t know that Vaughn would conduct an aggressive interrogation .
Asked if his apology to Anthony was sincere , he pauses and says , “ You should talk to [ my lawyer ] . ”
Former New Philadelphia police chief Staggers , who retired in 2002 , asserts that the police conducted a good investigation and complains that the insurers pushed him to settle .
The apology in particular bothered him : “ I was not happy with that . ”
Vaughn is still chief of the Millersburg police department .
He did not return calls .
Judge Kate continues as the sole juvenile court judge in New Philadelphia .
She was reelected this fall without opposition .
She declined to comment .
Dan Warren estimates that Thompson Hine and Baker & Hostetler devoted $ 2 - 3 million of time to Anthony .
The criminal case was pro bono , but Baker & Hostetler did take a contingency fee from the civil settlements .
( Warren declined to reveal the fee , but notes that it did n’t cover all their time . )
Warren and Mearns praise the two firms ’ commitment .
“ Both firms were extremely supportive , ” said Mearns .
In an interview this winter , Warren admitted that he misses the case , which was a big part of his life for years .
“ You could say the system worked ultimately –criminally , civilly , politically .
But it took ten years and an incredibly compelling set of circumstances and an extraordinary effort .
And still it seems the system worked just by the skin of its teeth .
. . .
It ’s scary how little it takes for people in power to screw things up , and how much it takes to correct it .
I do n’t mean to sound immodest , but not everyone gets to hire us .
Not everyone gets our effort . ”
Former public defender
Hale puts it more bluntly .
“ The system works ?
That ’s a joke .
When a 12 - year - old serves two years in prison for something he did n’t do ? ”
Hale , who moved away from New Philadelphia in 2001 , still gets emotional discussing the case : “ It was the case of a lifetime , and it was hard to move on . ” Anthony Harris is now 23 years old and finally joined the Marines in 2006 .
He declined to talk about his case .
He is a lance corporal and has served seven months in Iraq , and at press time was scheduled to go to Afghanistan .
No one else has ever been arrested for the murder of Devan Duniver .
E-mail : [ email protected ]
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 2 OF 2 · Later Kibitzing >
Aug -07 - 07 Timothy Glenn Forney : 1 . e4 e5 2 . Nf3 Nc6 3 . Bc4 Bc5 4 . c3 Qe7 5 . O - O d6 6 . d4 Bb6 7 . b4 Bg4 8 . a 4 a5 9 . b5 Nd8 10 .
Ba3 f6 11 .
Ra2 Ne6 12 . dxe5 fxe5 13 .
Qd5 Bxf3 14 .
Qxb7 Qg5 15 .
Qxa8 + Ke7 16 . g3 Nf4 17 . Re1 ( 17 .
Bxd6 + cxd6 18 . Qb7 + Ke8 19 .
Qc8 + Qd8 20 .
Qxd8 + Kxd8 21 . gxf4 Nf6 22 . Nd2 Bxe4 23 .
fxe5 dxe5 24 .
Re1 Bb7 25 .
Bf1 Kc7 26 .
Bg2 Bc8 27 .
Rb2 Re8 28 . Nc4 e4 29 . Rd1 Bg4 30 .
Rd6 Re6 31 .
Rc6 + Rxc6 32 . bxc6 Nd5 33 .
Bxe4 Nxc3 34 .
Nxb6 Nxe4 35 .
Nc4 Bc8 36 .
Nxa5 Nc5 37 .
Rb4 Ba6 38 .
Kg2 Nd3 39 . Re4 g6 40 .
Nb3 Kd6 41 . f4 Nb2 42 .
Na5 Nd3 43 .
h4 Nc5 44 .
Rd4 + Kc7 45 . h5 Ne6 46 .
Rb4 Bc8 47 . hxg6 hxg6 48 .
Kf3 Nd8 49 .
Rb1 Nf7 50 . Ke3 g5 51 .
fxg5 Nxg5 52 .
Rc1 Bh3 53 .
Nc4 Kxc6 54 .
Kf4 Nf7 55 .
Ne5 + Kb6 56 .
Nxf7 Ka5 57 .
Ra1 Bg2 58 .
Nd6 Bc6 59 .
Ke3 Ka6 60 .
Rb1 Bg2 61 .
Kd4 Bc6 62 . Rb5 Bg2 63 .
Rc5 Kb6 64 .
a 5 + Ka6 65 .
Kc4 Bf3 66 .
Kb4 Ka7 67 .
Rc7 + Kb8 68 .
Re7 Bh1 69 .
Kc5 Bf3 70 .
Kb6 Bh5 71 .
Rb7 + Ka8 72 . Nb5 Bf3 73 . Nc7 # ) 17 ... Qh5 18 . Nd2 Nf6 19 .
Qxh8 Qxh2 + 20 .
Kxh2 Ng4 + 21 . Kg1 Nh3 + ( 21 ...
Bxf2 + 22 . Kf1 Bg2# ) 22 . Kf1 Nh2 # 0- 1
Mar-15-08
johnlspouge : < < MaczynskiPratten > wrote :
Thanks TGF for the alternative mate >
The alternative mate is elegance beyond words !
Thanks to you both .
May -24-08 addiction to chess :
Wow !
A double rook and queen sac !
Now that 's amazing !
Dec -30 -08 TheaN : < TGF : for a " Pure Mate " >
With all due respect for the poster and the players of this game , neither mates you proposed are pure .
In the game 's mate , mate one , ♙f2 is already there to block the King , but it is also defended by both ♗ b6 and ♘h3 .
All other squares are purely defended : ♔f1 = ♘h2‡ , e1=♖e1 block , e2/g2 = ♗f3 , g1 = ♘h3 .
In the second mate , after 21 .... Bxf2 † 22.Kf1 Bg2‡ , e1 is the square that is destroying the pure mate : it blocks the King due to the White Rook but it 's also defended by ♗f2 .
All other squares are once again only defended once , in a completely different matter than the first pattern : ♔f1 = ♗ g2 ‡ , e2 = ♘f4 , f2 = ♘ g4 , g2 = ♘f4 , g1 = ♗f2 .
Both mates are still cool , but this < pure > mate would have even been better :
click for larger view
Jan-30 -09 YoungEd :
Is taking both rooks with your queen EVER a good idea ? :)
Jan-30-09 Chicago Chess Man :
Who cares whether the mate is pure or not ?
It 's just some arbitrary phrase cooked up by people who have too much time on their hands .
Winning the game is the only thing that matters .
Jan-30-09
mike1 : To me it looks like 19 .
Qxh8 is the loosing move .
19 . Bxd6 + is stronger than 18 Bxd6 because Nxf3 is possible now .
e.g. 19 Bxd6 + cxd6 20 . Qb7 + Ke8 21 . Qf7 + Qxf7 22 .
Bxf7 + Kxf7 23.Nxf3
winning for white .
Jan-30-09
al wazir : 16 . Bxd6 + also looks like saving white .
( I was going to post some analysis , but I see that it 's much the same as the lines following 17 . Bxd6 +.)
Jan-30-09 dito :
What about 18 ... Qh3 , 19 .
Bf1 , Bg2 ?
If Black captures the bishop on f1 , I do not see defense for mate on g2 .
Or maybe there is some counter - attack for White ?
Jan-30-09 chopin4525 : Well , this is tragic .
It 's the first time a chessgames pun made me laugh . ^^
Jan-30-09 Timothy Glenn Forney : Back in 2005
I found the mate in some book I was reading and they called it a pure mate , which later I found out was wrong through wikipedia , anyway , it is a great game to analyze .
Jan-30-09
kevin86 : A big game for the Cavaliers or Springers , if you are German .
This is a top five game for me in this kind of mate .
There is a more symetric mate in a minature game with both knights and both bishops involved in the mate .
Jan-30 -09 Hugh the Drover :
Was this not the lost checkmate which the master failed to find in " Night Moves " starring Gene Hackman ?
( I say this having done no research . )
Major artistry is seen with the black Knights in this game , with an assist by the Bishop .
Jan-30 -09 jovack :
There a lot of fun ways to end this game .
Blame white for not getting any defenses to his king 's aid and just taking black 's irrelevant pieces .
Jan-30-09 waustad : Patton 's affinity for cavalry makes the pun particularly appropriate .
Hr did , after all save the Lipizzaner stallions .
Jan-30 -09 WhiteRook48 : nice sacrificial game
Feb -23-09 MaczynskiPratten :
Thanks chessgames.com for making this a Game of the Day ( personally think it could have been earlier ? ) .
When everyone 's forgotten it again , the position after White 's move 19 might make a nice Tuesday / Wednesday puzzle .
Feb -23-09 MaczynskiPratten : < mike1 > ; Although 19 Bxd6 + is good against cxd6 , Black now has the option of Kxd6 because
White no longer has the square d2 available for a Rook check .
White can rescue his Queen with 20 Qc6 + Ke7 but I can't see any more checks and Black has lots of threats , including the game continuation .
However 21 Nxf3 Qxf3 22 gxf4 may be OK for White as the R on a2 protects the weak f2 square .
Although Chessgames ' title " General Pratten " is a nice pun , I still prefer Chernev 's title " The English Immortal " , especially as , like the Immortal Game Anderssen vs Kieseritzky , 1851 , it involves a double rook and queen sacrifice .
Feb -23-09 MaczynskiPratten : < dito > ; 18.. Qh3 19 Bf1 Bg2 is certainly interesting - quite an unusual pattern .
But the simple 20 gxf4 looks to me as if it holds for White ; after 20 ..
Bxf1 21 Rxf1
Black seems to have run out of active pieces .
The neat feature of 18.. Nf6 is that it brings another piece into the attack as well as threatening White 's Queen .
Mar -29-09 WhiteRook48 : this is an elegant finish by Black
Sep -20-09 morphyesque :
Yes , you will find this game in Irving Chernev 's 1954 book " The 1000 Best Short Games of Chess " , when he quotes the BCM in which magazine the game was published in 1948 ( I have both sources ) .
It was appropriate the BCM enthusiastically dubbed it " The English Immortal " echoing Anderssen 's offhand , oft repeated , win against L.A.B.F.
Kieserisky during the 1851 first international chess tourney .
Nov-12-09 MaczynskiPratten : < morphyesque > is correct , the English Immortal title was coined by the BCM .
Chernev endorsed it but did not originally suggest it , as mistakenly implied in my earlier post .
Aug -21 - 10 sevenseaman :
White Q on an effete capturing spree and Black just ignores it disdainfully .
Dec -25 - 11 kasparao : the last few moves look exquisite
Oct-05 -14
Bubo bubo : < < kevin86 :>
This is a top five game for me in this kind of mate .
There is a more symetric mate in a minature game with both knights and both bishops involved in the mate . >
You think of this game : Dodge vs J R Houghteling , 1904 ?
search thread :
A mermaid is a mythological aquatic creature that is well known as a half human and half aquatic creature .
Various cultures throughout the world would have similar figures .
It is only a matter of ugly or pretty , boy or girl .
Last time I have posted about Scary Fish Stranded on the Beach that I got from an email and some of you have already been freaked out .
Below are some feedbacks from some of you :
That is one crazy fu** in fish !!
What would a fish need molars for anyway ..
Looks like genetic manipulation of lions and fish ..
I once saw a thing on TV about these taxidermists who mix animal bits together to make weird looking stuffed creatures ( eg. bear with pythons for arms * ) .
My guess is that ’s what ’s going on here .
Not that it was necessarily one of the two guys from the show who did this , but someone doing how they do .
* made up example .
not seen on TV .
Now , I want to post the photos of Nerina , the “ pretty ” mermaid that recently invaded our human beach .
See the pictures below and tell me what you think .
Hi-Res Photo
Hi-Res Photo
Hi-Res Photo
Hi-Res Photo
Hi-Res Photo
Hi-Res Photo
Yeah , I know many of you will think it is not real and it is true !
I admit that .
Nerina ( and also the scary fish ) are the splendid monstrous arts of Juan Cabana .
For more photos of interesting mermaids and fish arts , please visit HERE .
MOST POPULAR THIS MONTH : Perfect Beach Destinations For Your Family Holiday
Category : Arts and Culture , Featured , Funny and Jokes , Headline
i^i Posted by Louis Brandy on 02 March 2009
The square root of negative one is an imaginary number named i .
I presume most you already know that .
One of the most famous results in all of mathematics is this little fact about some of our favorite constants :
eiπ = - 1
Here 's a lesser known but equally stunning little fact about our friend : ii has a real numbered answer ( well , infinitely many , if you want to be technical about it , but I 'm going to skirt that issue . )
Yes , it 's true .
ii equals about 0.2 .
Ask google .
See for yourself .
It 's fairly trivial to show , actually :
Corrosion engineers are not always popular in the oil and gas industry as they are usually requesting money for additional maintenance , or to take something offline for inspection or have something else shut down if it has really deteriorated .
But ageing infrastructure ( as well as an ageing workforce ) is one important aspect of the peak oil problem .
There have been several attempts to put numbers to this problem , most notably by NACE ( formerly the National Association of Corrosion Engineers ) .
Their major study on ' The Cost of Corrosion ' was published in 2002 , but based primarily on 1998 data .
1998 Cost of Corrosion : $ 276 billion per year in USA across all industries
$ 48 billion for utilities
$ 23 billion for infrastructure
$ 30 billion for transportation
The following elements were included in these costs :
Cost of additional or more expensive material used to prevent corrosion damage .
Cost of labor attributed to corrosion management activities .
Cost of the equipment required because of corrosion - related activities .
Loss of revenue due to disruption in supply of product .
Cost of loss of reliability .
Cost of lost capital due to corrosion deterioration .
Gas & Liquid Transmission Pipelines
From the study on the NACE website :
There are over 528,000 km ( 328,000 mi ) of natural gas transmission and gathering pipelines , 119,000 km ( 74,000 mi ) of crude oil transmission and gathering pipelines , and 132,000 km ( 82,000 mi ) of hazardous liquid transmission pipelines .
For all natural gas pipeline companies , the total investment in 1998 was $ 63.1 billion , from which total revenue of $ 13.6 billion was generated .
For liquid pipeline companies , the investment was $ 30.2 billion , from which revenue of $ 6.9 billion was generated .
At an estimated replacement cost of $ 643,800 per km ( $ 1,117,000 per mi ) , the asset replacement value of the transmission pipeline system in the United States is $ 541 billion ; therefore a significant investment is at risk with corrosion being the primary factor in controlling the life of the asset .
The average annual corrosion - related cost is estimated at $ 7.0 billion , which can be divided into the cost of capital ( 38 percent ) , operation and maintenance ( 52 percent ) , and failures ( 10 percent ) .
Significant maintenance costs for pipeline operation is associated with corrosion control and integrity management .
The driving force for maintenance expenditures is to preserve the asset of the pipeline and to ensure safe operation without failures that may jeopardize public safety , result in product loss , or cause property and environmental damage .
The majority of general maintenance is associated with monitoring and repairing problems , whereas integrity management focuses on condition assessment , corrosion mitigation , life assessment , and risk modeling .
With a range of corrosion operation and maintenance cost of $ 3,100 to $ 6,200 per km ( $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 per mi ) , the total corrosion operation and maintenance cost ranges from $ 2.42 billion to $ 4.84 billion .
Perhaps the most useful summary of the NACE study is that the cost of corrosion represented around 3 % of US GDP at the time .
This allows us to very roughly estimate the current cost of corrosion , ten years on .
2008 Cost of Corrosion
3 % of $ 14.2 trillion US GDP in 2008 = $ 430 billion , the current cost of corrosion in the U.S , compared to $ 276 billion in 1998 .
3 % of World GDP of ~ $ 55 - 60 trillion tells us that the global annual cost of corrosion is now ~ 1.5 - 2 trillion US dollars .
It looks like others are making the same extrapolation , like Rolf Gubner at a recent Materials Australia presentation :
At AU$ 2.8 trillion , the annual cost of corrosion worldwide is over 3 % of the world 's GDP .
Yet , governments and industries pay little attention to corrosion except in high - risk areas like aircraft and pipelines .
Now is the time for corrosion professionals to join together to educate industry , governments , and the public .
Now is the time to work together to harmonize standards and practices around the world and to communicate and share corrosion mitigation technologies .
We are at a unique point , when the tools and resources are all in place to match our needs and help us meet our goals .
Now is the time to make government agencies , industry , and the public aware of the high cost of corrosion – to our environment , our resources , and humankind .
Corrosion has a profound effect on the quality of life of our children and grandchildren and the inhabitability of our planet .
Now is the time to make a major impact to protect the environment , preserve resources , and protect our fellow human beings .
Matt Simmons has regularly talked about the ageing workforce and ageing infrastructure in his peak oil presentations .
In recent presentations , he has started putting a figure on it as well :
The Oil And Gas System Is Sick Total cost might exceed $ 100 trillion .
Manpower needs probably require millions of engineers and far more construction workers .
Could the world run out of iron ore and steel in getting the task done ?
Renewals , upgrades and other major maintenance activities over a period of time are the norm for many major facilities , such as refineries , rather than wholesale replacement .
Elsewhere , offshore oil and gas platforms in many areas will be decommisioned as they reach the end of their economic life , with several such plans under way for exhausted fields in the North Sea .
But other infrastructure , including buried gas and water mains in congested city areas , can be much harder to maintain or renew .
While they may last 50 or even 100 years , they can be a serious headache when they need to be replaced .
At $ 2 trillion per year ( the earlier rough estimate for the current cost of corrosion ) it would take fifty years to rebuild 100 trillion dollars of infrastructure ( across all industries ) .
Since much of our infrastructure is 20 , 50 or even 100 years old , renewing it over a period of half a century seems reasonable .
On the other hand , it could be reasonably argued that the condition of our infrastructure is getting worse on average and that the rate of spending needs to increase .
But there is a limit to how much a $ 60 trillion world economy can spend on renewing infrastructure , especially as the economy itself declines .
The alternative to increasing spending is to accept that the level of service will decline and that the number of failures may increase .
Whatever the actual cost is , engineers everywhere have plenty of work ahead ; managing ageing infrastructure and delivering new projects , while meeting sustainability challenges and protecting scarce resources .
So I 'm not too worried about my job just yet .
What do you think ?
BIG SUR , Calif . --
As Sacramento squabbles over the state 's $ 42 billion deficit , Californians are getting a bitter taste of what 's to come after the steep budget cuts that are inevitable when legislators and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger finally hammer out a deal .
Some world - famous parks like Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park may not open this year .
After - school programs in low - income areas are being scuttled , putting high - risk teens on the street just as police forces are being cut .
Schools are closing classrooms , and some highway ...
Dear Honorable Representative Yamane ,
As the spearhead of Hawaii ’s movement to remove the super toxin aspartame from Hawaii ’s food and beverages , I am representing many of the state ’s residents pleading with you to please schedule this bill for hearing .
This matter deserves to be heard in your Health Committee .
Honorable Representative , I implore that you please do not forsake the lives and health of Hawaii residents because of a failing economy .
The economy is going to fail with or without aspartame in our diets .
Why be poisoned along with being broke and bankrupt ?
Actually to think in another mode , existing Hawaii Status would impose a mandatory $ 500 fine each individual offense for this banned substance .
Imagine the revenue that would be brought in !
Last year , corrupt lobbyists were ready to blame that the removal of aspartame would cause economic failure , sounds preemptive .
Please realize that other states , New York , New Jersey Pennsylvania ,
Louisiana , and New Mexico are also developing legislation to ban aspartame .
Wal - Mart in the UK has banned aspartame from the products they sell .
The Philippines has moved to ban it .
Molokai has taken it out of their school soda machines .
This substance is not an ordinary food additive ; it kills the brain , and it
is the same as “ Ice . ” Both “ Ice ” and aspartame contain formaldehyde .
Aspartame has deadly methanol alcohol and aspartic acid .
Please do not leave this as your legacy .
The “ Healthy State of Hawaii will
have no recourse but to ingest this deadly toxin .
Aspartame injury among the population is now at an epidemic stage .
Can you not see it ?
Our doctors and health officials are not trained to recognize it .
Anyone with both eyes open can see the danger .
I have spoken with several of your fellow legislators who claim injury from aspartame to their families and themselves .
Hawaii now has the highest epilepsy rate in the Union and the numbers are growing .
Our USFDA has ignored our pleads and petitions for decades .
This corruption must be corrected and the ball is being passed to the state level to be dealt with .
to the certain mass scale neuro injury , as we are ingesting this substance .
It is in almost 9,000 products on grocery shelves and in pharmaceuticals .
It comes in natural and artificial flavor and thus not labeled .
It can cause
massive neuro injury at this 2 % volume level .
Passionately I plead with you : PLEASE allow this bill to be heard !
Schedule
this bill immediately , and you will not be responsible for further evident
mass injury to the Hawaiian citizens .
Also last but not least is the wide spread belief and understanding that
aspartame has been classified as a bio-chemical war weapon by the Pentagon in a report before Congress by the Senate .
This needs to be investigated at the hearing and can easily be corroborated as already having appeared in comments in Congress noted in the Federal Register in 1970 .
I have been told by your aid , Danielle , to deal with my own representative
on this matter from now on .
Please understand that I do deal with Mele’s
office frequently on this matter .
Also , I am very thankful for Mele and her
staff .
I am proud and grateful to have her as a representative : she has
comprehended the seriousness of this situation and has acted on her feet .
This is not just a matter of $ $ $ ; this is our very lives and health at
stake , the genetics of our offspring , and most probably an issue of national
security .
Mele Carroll has displayed the noble virtues necessary to properly tend to
this issue .
She is bucking the " Big Buck " of corporate dominance .
Do you ,
Representative Ryan Yamane , have the heart and courage to help rid the
Hawaiian population of this brain killer ?
What will your constituents think
or do when they find out about the dangers of aspartame and that you killed the bill that would ban the substance that is killing and maiming them
and their children ?
Please do hear this bill in committee and pass it into
the next committee , and please do respond to me .
Mahalo ,
Jade Bruhjell
4 3 3
Rate
It | View Ratings
Jade Bruhjell Social Media Pages :
Jade Bruhjell is a resident of the Hawaiian Island of Molokai .
He has been active in leading the fight in Hawaii against the use of Aspartame in food products for several years .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
An Unsustainable Way of Life
Can you believe that winter is officially over ?
Wow , it was a cold couple of months .
Makes you want to say , “ So much for global warming . ”
Except it ’s not global warming anymore .
Now it ’s called “ climate change . ”
Y’see , the cold winter was n’t a sign of warming .
It was a sign of global climate change .
Got that ?
Mankind is burning too much fossil fuel , goes the thesis .
So the cold gets colder .
The hot gets hotter .
The wet gets wetter .
The dry gets dryer .
And the confusion gets what ?
More confusing ?
So is this game rigged ?
No matter what the evidence is , goes the argument , just pay no attention to the man behind the curtain .
It ’s all climate change .
And that , of course , means that the government knows best .
Especially when a certain class of people — with the right policy credentials — are running the government .
As in the expression , “ Trust us .
We ’re experts from the government .
We ’re going to help you . ”
Or as the narrator used to say at the beginning of the show The Outer Limits , “ There is nothing wrong with your television set . ”
Or as the cops say as you drive past a crash scene today , “ Move along , folks .
There ’s nothing to see here . ”
Yep .
No looky - loo .
Just climb aboard the Climate Change Railway Express .
No peeking while we raise your taxes .
Decades of Malinvestment Become Apparent
Meanwhile , over the past winter , the economy was in the tank .
The deep troubles got deeper .
It makes me recall many of those hard times stories I used to hear from family and friends about the Great Depression .
It makes me glad I listened .
This past winter , it seemed like all those decades of what the Austrian economists call malinvestment finally found a place in the light of day .
But it ’s not as if the whole tale were some sort of state secret , like the Venona files at the National Security Agency or something .
Really , the nation ’s industrial and productive decline was fairly clear all along if you knew what you were seeing .
The problem has been hiding in plain sight since August 1971 , when President Nixon killed any semblance of a gold - backed dollar .
Or it ’s kind of like Peak Oil. M. King Hubbert drew the fundamental Peak Oil graph back in the 1950s .
Heck , I heard Hubbert give his speech in fall 1977 .
I saw Peak Oil in action back when I was working at Gulf Oil Co. in the late 1970s .
It was no shock to me , at least , when the world ’s crude oil output curve finally maxed out in 2006 .
What ?
Nobody told you that the crude curve maxed out ?
Hey , the world ’s marginal oil output is now mostly natural gas liquids .
It means that we ’re blowing down the gas caps .
It ’s why I like resource and energy companies , companies that bring real stuff to the surface .
It ’s why I ’ll keep writing about energy and resources in a publication like ESI .
Obama ’s Economic Policy
I try to avoid getting too “ political ” in these pages , aside from my rants about issues affecting energy policy , resource policy and the like .
So today I ’m just going to quote my friend James Howard Kunstler , a longtime Democrat and supporter of Barack Obama in the recent election .
Kunstler just published his comments on the Obama appearance on the CBS News show 60 Minutes on Sunday , March 22 .
According to Kunstler , Obama “ may perfectly represent the majority who elected him … because he also appears to be in full - commanding denial of the realities overtaking our American experience .
Those realities include the fact that we ca n’t possibly return to the easy - credit and no-money - down ‘ consumer ’ economy , no matter how many nominal dollars get shoveled into the fiery furnaces of banks too big to fail . ”
After describing the economic policies coming out of Congress and the new presidential administration , Kunstler continues : “ Lending on the scale that became normal over the last decade is , for sure , the one thing that we will not recover .
We turn around in 2009 to find ourselves a much poorer nation than we thought we were a year ago , especially among that broad range of formerly middle - class wage - earners who lived so luxuriously until yesterday .
The public ca n’t process this reality , and the president , for all his relaxed charm , is either not ready to articulate it , or ca n’t process it himself . ”
Kunstler describes the process of the Fed releasing new currency — created out of thin air — to buy up Treasury debt .
He comments : “ It would be sententious to explain how this destroys currencies , but wherever ‘ monetizing debt ’ has been tried before in history , that is the outcome .
The result would be ruinous at every level and would lead straight to the second terrible force : social upheaval brought on by the conversion of economic problems into political turbulence . ”
In my view , Jim Kunstler is exactly on target with his comments .
I ’m watching the shenanigans in Washington with something approaching utter fear .
It ’s why I ’m recommending investments in gold and energy plays .
Spend , Borrow , Tax , Inflate
I ’m truly worried about our future .
The things that are going on in the U.S. economy are not sustainable , and I do n’t just mean “ happy motoring ” into the Peak Oil future .
The whole economy is on the edge .
I do n’t see anything on the political or policy horizon that offers any semblance of hope .
Nothing .
It ’s just spend , spend , spend .
Borrow , borrow , borrow .
And tax , tax , tax .
What ’s in all of this for you ?
What ’s in it for me ?
A lot of inflation , most likely .
That ’s why you need to buy gold with 5 - 10 % of your portfolio .
And have more of your portfolio in good , solid mining firms .
Building on Kunstler ’s comments just a bit more , the Obama economic policy assumes that someone out there will still buy U.S. Treasury paper .
But will that happen ?
The best customers for U.S. debt are distinctly unenthusiastic about adding to their holdings .
The Chinese already own a trillion dollars or so in Treasury bills that are depreciating in value .
Besides , China needs a continent full of new infrastructure , plus social spending for 1.3 billion people .
And do n’t forget the new navy China is planning , with which to police its interests from Africa to the central Pacific Ocean and onto South America .
All of this will sop up funds China once used to buy U.S. securities .
Another large traditional customer for U.S. debt is Japan .
But Japan is running a current account deficit .
It lacks the large numbers of dollars to recycle .
In the Middle East , the petro states are no longer receiving a flood of dollars from high - priced oil ( $ 147 per barrel last July ) .
Do n’t count on them to buy up U.S. Treasuries .
The bottom line is I do n’t know — and I do n’t know anyone else who knows — where the buyers will come from to absorb all the new debt that the Obama and congressional spending plans are going to generate .
Something has to give .
It ’s going to be the long - term value of the dollar .
I expect to see a lot of fuel poured onto the fires of inflation .
That ’s all for today .
Thanks for reading .
Regards ,
Byron W. King
March 25 , 2009
Obama reviewing Bush ban on photos of military coffins Associated Press
Published : Tuesday February 10 , 2009
Print This Email This President Barack Obama said Monday he is considering whether to overturn a Pentagon policy that bans the media from taking pictures of the flag - draped coffins of U.S. troops returning from the battlefield .
A leading military families group says the policy , enforced without exception during the administration of former President George W. Bush , should let survivors of the dead decide whether photographers can record their return .
At his first prime - time news conference as president , Obama said his administration is reviewing the policy with Defense Department officials .
He noted that he was informed Monday that four U.S. soldiers were killed in Iraq , making the question timely .
The Perfect Desktop - Debian Lenny
Version 1.0
Author : Falko Timme
This tutorial shows how you can set up a Debian Lenny desktop that is a full - fledged replacement for a Windows desktop , i.e. that has all the software that people need to do the things they do on their Windows desktops .
The advantages are clear : you get a secure system without DRM restrictions that works even on old hardware , and the best thing is : all software comes free of charge .
I want to say first that this is not the only way of setting up such a system .
There are many ways of achieving this goal but this is the way I take .
I do not issue any guarantee that this will work for you !
1 Preliminary Note
To fully replace a Windows desktop , I want the Debian Lenny desktop to have the following software installed :
Graphics :
The GIMP - free software replacement for Adobe Photoshop
F - Spot - full - featured personal photo management application for the GNOME desktop
Google Picasa - application for organizing and editing digital photos
Internet :
Firefox / Iceweasel
Opera
Flash Player 10
FileZilla - multithreaded FTP client
Thunderbird / Icedove - email and news client
Evolution - combines e-mail , calendar , address book , and task list management functions
aMule - P2P file sharing application
Transmission BitTorrent Client - BitTorrent client
Azureus / Vuze - Java Bittorrent client
Pidgin - multi-platform instant messaging client
Skype
Google Earth
Xchat IRC - IRC client
Office :
OpenOffice Writer - replacement for Microsoft Word
OpenOffice Calc - replacement for Microsoft Excel
Adobe Reader
GnuCash - double - entry book - keeping personal finance system , similar to Quicken
Scribus - open source desktop publishing ( DTP ) application
Sound & Video :
Amarok - audio player
Audacity - free , open source , cross platform digital audio editor
Banshee - audio player , can encode / decode various formats and synchronize music with Apple iPods
MPlayer - media player ( video / audio ) , supports WMA
Rhythmbox Music Player - audio player , similar to Apple 's iTunes , with support for iPods
gtkPod - software similar to Apple 's iTunes , supports iPod , iPod nano , iPod shuffle , iPod photo , and iPod mini
XMMS - audio player similar to Winamp
dvd : :rip - full featured DVD copy program
Kino - free digital video editor
Sound Juicer CD Extractor - CD ripping tool , supports various audio codecs
VLC Media Player - media player ( video / audio )
Real Player
Totem - media player ( video / audio )
Xine - media player , supports various formats ; can play DVDs
Brasero - CD / DVD burning program
K3B - CD / DVD burning program
Multimedia Codecs
Programming :
KompoZer - WYSIWYG HTML editor , similar to Macromedia Dreamweaver , but not as feature - rich ( yet )
Bluefish - text editor , suitable for many programming and markup languages
Quanta Plus - web development environment , including a WYSIWYG editor
Other :
VMware Server - lets you run your old Windows desktop as a virtual machine under your Linux desktop , so you do n't have to entirely abandon Windows
TrueType fonts
Java
Read -/ Write support for NTFS partitions
Lots of our desired applications are available in the Debian repositories .
As you might have noticed , a few applications are redundant , for example there are two CD / DVD burning applications in my list ( Brasero , K3B ) .
If you know which one you like best , you obviously do n't need to install the other applications , however if you like choice , then of course you can install both .
The same goes for music players like Amarok , Banshee , Rhythmbox , XMMS or browsers ( Firefox / Iceweasel , Opera ) .
I will use the username falko in this tutorial , and I will download all necessary files to falko's desktop which is equivalent to the directory / home / falko / Desktop .
If you use another username ( which you most probably do ;- ) ) , please replace falko with your own username .
So when I use a command like
cd /home / falko / Desktop
you must replace falko .
2 Installing The Base System
Download the Debian Lenny netinstall iso image ( available here : http://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/5.0.0/i386/iso-cd/debian-500-i386-netinst.iso ( i386 ) or http://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/5.0.0/amd64/iso-cd/debian-500-amd64-netinst.iso ( x86_64 ) ) , burn it onto a CD , and boot your computer from it .
Select Graphical install :
Choose your language :
Then select your location :
Choose a keyboard layout :
Advertisement Advertisement
The installer checks the installation CD , your hardware , and configures the network with DHCP if there is a DHCP server in the network :
Since this is a desktop , you can accept the default hostname ...
Advertisement
... and domain :
Now you have to partition your hard disk .
For simplicity 's sake I will create one big partition ( with the mount point /) and a little swap partition so I select Guided - use entire disk ( of course , the partitioning is totally up to you - if you like , you can create more than just one big partition , and you can also use LVM ) :
Select the disk that you want to partition :
Then select the partitioning scheme .
As mentioned before , I select All files in one partition ( recommended for new users ) for simplicity 's sake - it 's up to your likings what you choose here :
When you 're finished , select Finish partitioning and write changes to disk :
Advertisement
Select
Yes when you 're asked Write changes to disks ?:
Afterwards , your new partitions are created and formatted :
Now the base system is installed :
Afterwards , give the root user a password :
Create a normal user account :
Next you must configure apt .
Because you are using the Debian Lenny Netinstall CD which contains only a minimal set of packages , you must use a network mirror .
Select the country where the network mirror that you want to use is located ( usually this is the country where your Debian Lenny system is located ) :
Then select the mirror you want to use ( e.g. ftp2.de.debian.org ) :
Unless you use an HTTP proxy , leave the following field empty and hit Continue :
Apt is now updating its packages database :
You can skip the package usage survey by selecting No :
Advertisement
Select Desktop environment and Standard system on the Software selection screen and hit Continue :
The required packages are downloaded and installed on the system :
When you 're asked Install the GRUB boot loader to the master boot record , select Yes :
The base system installation is now finished .
Remove the Debian Lenny Netinstall CD from the CD drive and hit Continue to reboot the system :
After the reboot , log in to the desktop with the username and password you provided during the installation :
This is how your new desktop looks :
Now the base system is ready to be used .
JREF Swift Blog
Sigh Balls
You say you do n't believe in the power of Psi ?
That 's P - S - I , not P - S - Y .
Psi is defined as " supposed parapsychological or psychic faculties or phenomen " by the Apple Dictionary , and while the entry thankfully says " supposed , " others say there 's a simple demonstration that can make you a believer .
Swift reader Austin wrote to ask what I thought about psiballs .
Psiballs are balls of energy that you create between your hands with the power of your mind .
With practice , it 's reported that you can program these balls to do " complex tasks , " but let 's not get ahead of ourselves .
According to WikiHow , here 's one way to make one of your very own :
1. Gather your energy .
This could be from your own body or from another source .
You could visualize the energy entering and filling every part of your body from the Earth through your feet , or from the sky and the sun through your crown chakra .
Some people imagine energy coming into the body on the in - breath and out through the hands on the out - breath .
2 . Hold your hands steady .
When you feel like you have enough energy hold out your hands .
You can either hold them like you hold a basketball , you can cup them like you are holding a baseball , or you can even hold out one hand .
Do whatever feels natural to you .
3 . Picture a hole appearing in your hand .
Picture a trapdoor cover opening and letting the energy flow out .
Imagine a hose in each of your palms slowly emitting psi .
It does n't have to be very fast , or have very much pressure , it just has to naturally flow .
Do n't let it out of your hands .
* At this point you should be able to sense the psi .
It could feel like heat , pressure or tingling .
When you feel this , move your hands closer together a bit - if there is resistance ( even a little ) you will know you 're sensing it .
Austin has created one , he believes , and he said " it was like taking two powerful magnets positive side up , resting them in the palm of your hand and trying to force your hands together . "
I 've actually done that with two very large neodymium magnets , and if he 's truly feeling something THAT strong , I 'd find it interesting .
YouTube has many videos of people attempting to produce this phenomenon , and some claim to even produce light as well as just a force .
Here are three typical ones that you might want to look at :
Simple Psiball Lesson
I 'm wondering if this short video is a prelude to a terrorist of attack of some sort .
If terrorists are resorting to psiball attacks , I say we encourage them .
Chi Psiball Tutorial
This one claims it feels like " heat " and comes from your second chakra .
From the video , my guess would be that it draws energy from the spelling chakra , because his is clearly depleted .
Psiball with Blue Light
It appears that the poor lighting and low resolution has caused some video artifacts that the creator thinks is " blue sparks , " but even this is hard to see .
So what 's my take on this ?
I 'm going to follow the instructions and try to make one now .
Here goes .
Well , I felt something .
Yep , there was the definite sensation of a " force " of some kind , but I believe what I was feeling was tension in my hands as I put pressure on them to maintain their cupped position .
More than that , I think a stronger correlary of skepticism is at play here , and that is : believing is seeing .
Or in this case , feeling .
Pattern seeking creatures that we are , we can form an idea in our minds and then scour our environment for it .
If we focus on something small and discrete long enough , the sensory pathways start to fatigue and noise is introduced into the system .
Our brains detect this noise , and try to make sense of it .
And the sense that it 's all too easy to make is that the searched for phenomenon is occurring .
In the case of psiballs , I think people are so desperate to have this ability , that they 're interpreting the tension in their hands as an object .
If there was an actual object there , it should have an effect on its surroundings .
What would happen if you made a psiball in a glass of beer or over a moving candle ?
I 'll bet people testing this over a candle would only reinforce their belief as candle flames are anything but stable , and their movement could be interpreted as the effect of the psiball .
Add to that that they also give off heat , and you have the perfect recipe for a false confirmation .
So how could you accurately detect an actual psiball ?
We 're talking about a ball of energy that is invisible , but can be felt .
How else could it be reliably detected ?
I think you 'll find the answer to that more illusory than it may first appear .
Feel free to comment if you have a concrete idea though .
This could come up for a challenge application .
In the meantime , there was one video that actualy DID show something interesting .
If you did n't watch any of the others , I urge you to watch this one , and I guarantee you 'll actually see something .
Javascript and Flash plug - in required Either the Flash plugin was not detected on your computer or the JavaScript features of your brower have been disabled .
To enable Javascript on your browser we recommend that you contact your computer support line .
Click here to download the Flash plugin from the Macromedia website By Paula Dear
BBC News
With redundancies rising and vacancies shrinking , unemployment is back in the headlines .
But for millions it never went away .
One young couple on unemployment benefits explain how being out of work affects their lives .
Carl , 24 , and Lauren , 20 , have been together for nearly a year .
They are both unemployed and receive benefits .
Lauren has been out of work for a year , and Carl for three years .
They live in a deprived former mining village in the north of England where - a generation or two down the line from the pit closures - unemployment levels remain high .
Gutted .
Depressed .
Bored
Carl Nearly 800,000 under - 25s in the UK were listed as unemployed in last month 's government figures .
Some 16 % of that age group are jobless , compared with the national average of 6 % .
No one story is the same .
Every tale of joblessness - be they young or old - could be interpreted differently .
Carl has three words to describe how he feels about his situation .
" Gutted .
Depressed .
Bored .
Young people do n't get given a chance . "
British workers Both Carl and Lauren left school at 16 without any qualifications and initially found work .
Carl drove a forklift truck at a local firm and has also done some window - fitting work .
Lauren has worked as a packer at a factory and last winter had a temporary job in a pound shop .
She has also done part one of a college course in childcare .
Carl says employers usually ignore young people , and the jobs going are often so insecure and poorly paid they are not worth coming off benefits for .
It 's just pointless getting up ... by the time you 've paid all your bills you 're left with nothing
Carl Another recurring theme is immigration .
He says : " I 've worked at a few places but I got laid off from [ the last one ] because there are immigrants that have come into our country and are working for cheaper , so that caused us to be all laid off because we 're on more of a wage .
" I 've been out of work for about three years and I just want the right job , a job I want .
It 's just hard as anything to get a job round here . "
Carl blames the government , not the individuals who have come here from countries which are " worse than ours " .
But he and Lauren both believe British people should get jobs ahead of people from overseas .
As Carl sees it , the constant " fight " to get , and keep , a job in these circumstances is wearing .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He says he used to " love " working .
He now feels aggrieved , and disillusioned .
" I 've got 25 good friends and only about four of them work out of the lot of them , they just feel the same as how I do .
" It 's just pointless getting up , by the time you 've got up , you 've paid your bus fares and made your sarnies and all that you 're left with £ 100 a week , and it 's just , you would n't be able to get by .
By the time you 've paid all your bills you 're left with nothing , £ 30 or something , " he says .
Both Carl and Lauren say there are people around them who claim to be sick when they are not , or who have children at a young age so they can " sponge off the social " .
" But why not just get a job and do something instead of having children , and not getting so much money ?
I can't see why they are doing it , " says Lauren .
' I 'd do anything ' Lauren says she would like to work in childcare , but as she is now 20 , she does n't think she would be entitled to any financial help to complete the college course she started .
She has also worked in a couple of shops , and says she regularly asks around for work in the nearest town .
" I 've applied for jobs .
They 've not got back to me or they have said there 's no work available .
" Everything that 's in the newspaper , you need qualifications .
And at the jobcentre they do n't help you out much .
They tell you to get a job and stuff like that , but then they just tell you to look on the [ electronic ] ' job points ' .
I 'd like them to help me out better , " she says .
Having nothing to do except search for jobs " makes you feel depressed " , says Lauren , who has two siblings also out of work .
" If I had the money and the chance I 'd go back to college , " she says .
The couple would eventually like to move away Carl says a local recruitment agency has promised to send him on a course that will help him get a security guard licence , which he hopes will lead to work .
He would rather do security work or window - fitting - and jokes that he'd be happy with a career " on EastEnders " - but says he has pretty much given up on factory and agency work because it is so unpredictable .
" At one place I turned up to do a night shift , then the next day they said they were full up and did n't need me .
I had to go home , it was about three miles and I 'd missed the last bus .
" Then after that you have to restart your benefits and you have n't got a clue where you are with anything , " he says .
' Better life '
In the meantime , Carl and Lauren live on £ 95.90 each per fortnight in unemployment benefits , which they say is not enough .
The money covers their board and lodgings with family and friends , travel , some food , tobacco , clothes , phone top-ups and so on .
They say they had both hoped for a better life than their parents .
They believe it is harder for young people now than in previous generations .
Carl 's dad was out of work for many years - he gave up his job as a glazier to look after Carl and his six siblings - but has now trained as a bus driver and works full - time , while his stepmother is a carer and cleaner .
Lauren 's mother had her first child at 14 .
The children have lived with their grandmother - who does n't work - since Lauren was seven .
Carl and Lauren both hope that by the end of the year they will have found work and will be living together in a privately - rented flat or house , as the wait for a council property has so far been fruitless .
" Eventually we want to get a job and move away from round here to settle in a quiet area , " says Carl .
" There 's nothing wrong with round here , it 's just , you want something different do n't you ? "
" Something better in life , " adds Lauren .
Photographs by Phil Coomes
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gremio ’s Jonas Pulls Off An Incredible Triple Miss
Total Pro Sports – During last weeks Copa Libertadores match between Colombia ’s Boyaca Chico and Brazilian squad Gremio was won by Gremio 1- 0 .
At the 79th minute one of the most spectacular unexpected plays happened when Gremio ’s attacker “ Jonas ” had an opportunity of a lifetime to put away the game for good .
Jonas managed to miss 3 consecutive scoring chances accomplishing the official triple miss .
Jonas first shot was stopped by goaltender Edigson Velasquez but Velasquez could n’t handle the ball and Jonas picked up the rebound for his second opportunity .
( His first open net chance ) about 5 yards from the wide open net , mishit the ball with his left foot and hit the post .
The third opportunity was the most amazing ; Jonas handled the rebound on the goal line beat the goaltender and literally missed the open net from 1 foot away .
We have no idea how Jonas could have missed these opportunities at point blank range , but maybe he was paid off ???
I bet 6 year old Madin Mohammed could have easily scored with his eyes closed .
Share This
The Italian government is set to build one of the longest bridges in the world to link Sicily to the mainland .
Duncan Kennedy reports from Rome .
A man walks through a shopping precinct .
Tiny cameras capture his every move .
If he so much as turns his head to glimpse into a shop window , that action is recorded , next to a reference number that identifies him uniquely among the many shoppers around him .
As he walks through the crowded mall , the advertising billboards subtly change to suit his profile , flashing aeroplanes and knitted sweaters to replace the beach towels and lipstick intended for the woman in front of him .
He ducks out of the precinct , looks around him , then walks down a side street to the door of a VD clinic .
But the cameras are still watching him .
Silently , passively .
But watching him all the same ...
This is not a novel by Philip K Dick : it is happening right now .
The only difference is that it's not happening in the physical world , it 's happening online .
Since last autumn , BT – under the " Webwise " banner – has been trialling a technology called Phorm , which dials direct into your internet service provider 's network and intercepts communications between you and the websites you visit , using information about the sorts of things you are viewing to serve you targeted ads .
From shopping and watching TV to keeping in touch with friends , seeking advice about our health and finances and even meeting prospective partners , what we do over our internet connections now reveals more about us than any other single activity we engage in .
But despite this , the world wide web is most commonly seen as media .
And with media comes advertising .
We tolerate the advertorials , double - page spreads and ever longer ad breaks because we understand that this activity funds the production of our newspapers and favourite TV shows .
But should we tolerate Phorm ?
Thanks to hard work from campaigners at the Foundation for Information Policy Research and the Open Rights Group , and activists at dephormation .
org.uk and nodpi.org , we now have that choice .
The Information Commissioner 's Office has ruled that BT must ask the explicit permission of its customers to " opt in " before enrolling them into its
Webwise trial ( rather than the pernicious " opt out " clauses so beloved of marketers and junk mail operatives ) .
Here 's why I think every last one of those customers should actively count themselves out .
Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) are not media companies .
They do not get to decide , or even influence , what we watch , who we talk to or what we buy online .
If they did , the world wide web would never have got off the ground .
We would not have eBay , Amazon or Google , because back when these publicly listed companies were just glimmers in the eyes of their pioneering founders , ISPs would have put up barriers against entry to " their " market , charged punitive rent for access to " their " cables and " their " ( our ) eyeballs at the end of them .
For the world wide web to work , ISPs must be neutral about the content that flows across their wires .
That principle of neutrality extends to Phorm – if ISPs start intercepting the communications between us and the websites we visit online , spying on our activity to give themselves an unbeatable advantage in the ad sales market , the media companies that rely on selling ads to survive will suffer irreparable damage .
Instead , ISPs must continue to be viewed as providing infrastructure , and infrastructure of a very special kind .
Like the MP , the journalist , the doctor and the priest , ISPs have the power to know the intimate details of our lives .
They should be prevented from abusing that power , and shielded from the power of those ( like the Home Office , with its widely reported plans to " modernise " the state 's interception capability ) who would seek to force them to break their confidence with us .
If this does not happen , it is not only the digital economy that will suffer , it is modern liberty itself .
The Convention on Modern Liberty will begin in London on Saturday 28 February at 9.45 am at the Institute of Education , 20 Bedford Way London WC1 .
Other sessions , with live screenings from London , will take place at Trinity Centre , Trinity Rd , Bristol ; Student Council Chamber , Oxford Road , Manchester University ; Cambridge Union , Bridge Street , Cambridge ; Institute of Advanced Studies , University of Strathclyde , Montrose Street , Glasgow ; Peter Froggatt Centre , Queen 's University , Belfast .
The venue in Cardiff is yet to be confirmed .
For information and to buy tickets at £ 35 ( concession £ 20 ) , please visit : modernliberty.net
Rejoice !
The first official trailer for season three of Doctor Who 's Earthbound spin - off Torchwood , is here .
Your first taste of the five - part miniseries " Children Of Earth " is below .
Along with minor spoilers .
Advertisement
Early and ill - informed reactions : I 'm not that crazy about the kid-focused plot , but at least the alien plan sounds suitably sinister .
( If reminiscent of the Sycorax 's blood - control plot in " The Christmas Invasion . " )
I like the sexy spy who goes after Torchwood , and I 'm glad they included a frame of Jack and Ianto snogging .
It proves the show wo n't be totally sanitized for BBC
One 's early evening viewers .
" Children Of Earth " appears sometime this summer on BBC one , and almost simultaneously on BBC America .
So , my best friend and I had a little DIY nerd fun on Friday .
When everyone else was in line to see Watchmen , we were making this :
The Batcake was a gift for my friend Dustin ‘s 30th birthday .
I mean , what other way to celebrate your third decade then the way you would have in third grade ?
That ’s what we thought , anyway .
We concocted it , in it ’s entirety , in about 3 hours ; it was made from a regular cake mix and was tinted with yellow / black icing and pixiesticks .
The Batcake was lined with Lemon Heads , a gummy cheeseburger and snowcone , and then was adorned with little plastic policemen from the dollar store .
We had so much fun making this , we ’d love to do another .
Requests , anyone ?
This is part of a series I started in March 2008 - you may want to go back and look at older parts if you 're new to this series .
Supporting variable length arguments
The C way handles variable length arguments is to let the caller push as much as they 'd like onto the stack .
It 's then up to the callee to make sure they do n't access too much , and there 's really no way for the C function to know how many arguments have been pushed other than through inspection of the arguments themselves .
Not a very pleasant situation .
It works because the arguments are pushed right to left , so that the leftmost argument is always at the top of the stack .
This makes variadic functions like printf ( ) reasonably easy to write , but it is also a never - ending source of bugs , since the printf ( ) format string can indicate there are more arguments on the stack than is really the case ( most modern C compilers as a result warn about mismatches between printf ( ) format strings and arguments , but this does n't help you if you write your own .
Not great .
Of course , so far we 've not really care about safety much , but that does n't mean I do n't want to get there , and in this case it makes it easier to write code too .
There are relatively few ways out of this that are not horribly inefficient :
A marker that indicate you 're at the end of the argument list ; a pointer indicating the last position ; a count .
None of them are particularly pleasing , but they do the work .
Then there 's the issue of how to access the extra arguments .
In Ruby it 's done by adding a final argument prepended with " * " .
This works like the " splat " operator in expressions in that it turns anything from then on into an array .
In some ways it simplifies matters in that the compiler or interpreter " only " need to know how to stuff the remaining arguments into an array and push a pointer to the array itself onto the stack instead .
We 're not quite so lucky as to have a fully formed object system to help us yet .
What are the alternatives ?
We 're going to go with a halfway solution that is pleasing because it allows us to keep interoperability with C :
We push everything on the stack as always
We modify : defun ( and by extension : lambda ) so that the parameter list may contain arrays .
If it does , then the first element in any sub-array is the argument name , and the second is directives / modifiers that affect the treatment of that argument .
For now we specify one directive : " : rest " .
: rest will act like the splat operator , and will mean that accessing this variable will give us the address of where this argument would be on the stack normally .
We arbitrarily declare that %ebx will contain the address of the first byte past the last argument on the stack if : rest was used for this function .
I chose %ebx because some Googling revealed that this is considered a " caller saved " register that the callee can ( and will ) trash at will - it does n't have any specified content normally .
This has a benefit :
We can still safely call C functions , including variadic C functions , and they 'll just trash %ebx and ignore it .
The :rest declared argument is just a normal argument variable for all intents and purposes .
For now we just set up %ebx for all function calls , and do n't do any checks for overflows in the functions that use the : rest argument - we can add that later .
Implementing something like the Ruby behavior can be done later - for example by iterating over the : rest variable , or by pointing to it as the " backing store " for a higher level concept .
Eventually we 'll probably want to " hide " some of the current language structures behind safer , higher level constructs .
movl %ebx , %eax subl %ebp , %eax shrl $ 2 , %eax
One issue : Calling IN to variadic functions written in this language from C can't be safely done unless the other function arguments contain enough information to deduce the number of arguments , or without using a wrapper function that sets up %ebx .
As you 'll see , setting up %ebx is going to be pretty trivial .
We also add a new function , : numargs , that simply returns the number of arguments .
It can be calculated like this :
Before I start going through the code : since I now have a repository at Github , you can see the commit for this code and download the the full code from here :
You can also < " watch " the repository to keep track of whenever I update it .
The biggest change this time is getting the infrastructure in place to handle modifiers to the arguments .
The " Arg " class will take care of the arguments from now on :
class
Arg attr_reader : name , : rest def initialize name , * modifiers @name = name modifiers .
each do | m | @rest = true if m == : rest end end def rest ?
; @rest ; end def type rest ? ? : argaddr : : arg end end
The next change we have to make is updating the Function class to instantiate Arg 's , and it 's # get_arg method to handle : numargs so you can get access to the number of arguments :
class Function attr_reader : args , : body def initialize args , body @body = body @rest = false @args = args .
collect do | a | arg =
Arg .
new ( * [ a ]. flatten ) @rest = true if arg .
rest ?
arg end end def rest ?
; @rest ; end def get_arg ( a ) if a == : numargs return [ : int , args .
size ] if ! rest ?
return [ : numargs ] end args .
each_with_index do | arg , i | return [ arg .
type , i ] if arg .
name == a end return nil end end
Note that we return a constant :int if : rest is n't used , as a tiny little optimization .
If you look through the rest of the commit on Github you 'll see mostly changes to thread the rest ?
method and `get_arg` changes up into the scope handling .
The next interesting bit is this change to LocalVarScope 's get_arg :
def get_arg a a = a .
to_sym - return [ : lvar , @locals [ a ] ] if @locals .
include ? ( a ) + return [ : lvar , @locals [ a ] + ( rest ? ? 1 : 0 ) ] if @locals .
include ? ( a ) return @next .
get_arg ( a ) if @next return [ : addr , a ] #
Should n't get here normally end
We add one to the offset because we 'll later change the emitter to copy : numargs from %ebx and onto the stack when inside the function so that it 's accessible as a local variable .
We do n't strictly speaking need to push it on the stack unless we need the register AND actually use : numargs , but we 'll leave avoiding that as an optimization for later .
The next interesting bit is this cleaned up # compile_eval_arg ( I really need to find more meaningful names for these methods ... sigh ) :
def compile_eval_arg scope , arg atype , aparam = get_arg ( scope , arg ) return aparam if atype == :int return @e .
addr_value ( aparam ) if atype == : strconst case atype when : numargs @e . movl ( " - 4 ( %ebp ) " , @e . result_value ) when : argaddr : @e . load_arg_address ( aparam ) ...
( I 've omitted the end , as the rest were just cleanups - see the commit ) .
The new thing here is supporting accessing : numargs , and having a way to get the address of an argument .
This is used to get the start of the array of the remaining arguments .
The changes in the emitter are minor :
with_stack will add a " movl ( args , : ebx ) " if numargs are required , and #func will add " pushl ( : ebx ) " to push the numargs value onto the stack if required , and then we have #load_arg_addres :
def load_arg_address ( aparam ) leal ( local_arg ( aparam ) , :eax ) end
In a separate commit I decided to do this change to Function # get_arg :
return rest ? ? [ : lvar , - 1 ] , [:int , args.size ]
.. combined with stripping the asm for : numargs out of #compile_eval_arg .
This change was made for the purpose of removing the asm , but also to treat : numargs more like a variable than a language keyword , though that distinction is n't particularly strong .
A test program
Here 's a program that demonstrates the new functionality :
require ' compiler ' prog = prog = [ : do , [ : defun , :f , [ : test , [ : arr , : rest ] ] , [ : let , [ :i ] , [ : assign , :i , 0 ] , [ : while , [ : lt , :i , [ : sub , : numargs , 1 ] ] , [ : do , [ : printf , " test=%ld , i= %ld , numargs=%ld , arr [ i ]
=%ld
" , : test , :i , : numargs , [ : index , : arr , : i ] ] , [ : assign , :i , [ : add , :i , 1 ] ] , ] ] ] ] , [ : defun , : g , [ : i , :j ] , [ : let , [ : k ] , [ : assign , : k,42 ] , [ : printf , " numargs=%ld , i= %ld , j= %ld , k=%ld
" , : numargs , : i , : j , : k ] ] ] , [ : f,123 , 42,43,45 ] , [ :g,23,67 ] ] Compiler.new.compile( prog )
... and the expected output :
To reiterate , the full source is available in this Github repository .
To get the source at the state as of the endo f this article , pull or download from this commit
