Biography Shelf is an education organization that helps talented teachers to teach English abroad .
Founded in 2007 , Biography
Shelf is set out to increase global awareness by dispersing the English language everywhere in the world .
Currently , we are offering TESOL programs and job placement in 15 different locations across Europe , Asia , Latin America and the Middle East .
Biography
Shelf manages the entire hiring process from start to finish .
We take the opportunity to hire our quality English staff in an efficient way for schools and universities worldwide .
Biography
Shelf offers participating teachers the opportunity at a rewarding experience to live , work and experience a brand new culture .
Our goal is to empower our teachers to thrive and teach in a brand new culture as they too indulge in the learning experience .
We provide programs that include local language , cultural training , excursions , job placement , and other services of support .
Here at Biography Shelf , Our Goals include the following :
Empower our teachers with support and necessary training
Empower our teachers with support and necessary training Focus on the experience of teaching abroad
Challenge our teachers to learn and apply new skills
Help reduce the risk that is often related to working abroad – as we offer our teachers a safe and rewarding adventure
Facilitate the development of teachers who appreciate different cultures , follow mutual respect and understand the diversity of cultures
Each assignment is different as your experience could vary from teaching an entire classroom to hosting one - on - one conversations .
We also include a live - in home tutor program for host families looking to learn and improve their English .
This includes your own room and board included .
Are you looking for a fun way to travel and meet new faces ?
Get paid to teach English abroad .
Once accepted , you will receive a guaranteed job along with great benefits and salary .
All our jobs are pre-screened teaching assignments that are available all year round .
Mr Bush 's budget forecasts a deficit of over $ 400 bn for two years
Bush unveils budget
The plan includes the $ 145 bn economic stimulus plan agreed with congressional leaders , as well as $ 70 bn to continue funding wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Against a worsening economic backdrop , it forecasts a deficit of over $ 400bn .
" Our budget protects America and encourages economic growth .
Congress needs to pass it , " Mr Bush said .
Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid criticised the proposal , saying : " This budget is fiscally irresponsible and highly deceptive , hiding the costs of war in Iraq while increasing the sky - rocketing debt . "
The BBC's Jamie Coomarasamy in Washington says domestic spending will be the focus of what are expected to be fierce election - year political battles over the budget .
Mr Bush 's plan to rein in federal health care programmes will be welcomed by fiscal conservatives , our correspondent says , but the Democrats are condemning the move as an attack on the middle class .
' Future problems '
Speaking after he presented the annual budget request to his cabinet , Mr Bush described it as a " good , solid budget " that , if his policies were followed , would balance by 2012 .
He said : " It 's a budget that keeps important objectives .
One , it understands our top priority is to defend our country so we can fund our military as well as fund the homeland security .
The budget proposal seeks savings from health care programmes
" Secondly , the budget keeps our economy growing .
It 's essential that we make sure we deal with the uncertainties - the economic uncertainties - we face . "
Mr Bush said his proposal would cut " wasteful or bloated " spending and also urged Congress to make his tax cuts permanent .
The defence department 's budget is set to increase by 7.5 % and the Department of Homeland Security 's by 11 % .
Mr Bush has also asked for additional funds to combat illegal immigration , proposing a 17 % increase for customs and immigration enforcement and to help meet the costs of a fence on the border with Mexico .
However , much of the rest of the government faces a spending squeeze .
Mr Bush is seeking almost $ 200bn in savings over five years from the health care programmes Medicare and Medicaid , which help the elderly and the poor .
' Failed policies '
The Democrats criticised a spending plan they said did nothing to fix the government 's growing deficit and which they warned would pile up problems for the next administration .
" Today 's budget bears all the hallmarks of the Bush legacy - it leads to more deficits , more debt , more tax cuts , more cutbacks in critical services , " said Democratic House Budget Committee chairman John Spratt .
Democrat Kent Conrad , chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , echoed the criticism .
" The president proposes more of the same failed policies he has embraced throughout his time in office - more deficit - financed war - spending , more deficit - financed tax cuts tilted to benefit the wealthiest and more borrowing from foreign nations like China and Japan , " he said .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino acknowledged that US war efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan would " certainly " cost more than the requested $ 70bn in 2009 .
The budget covers the 2009 fiscal year , which starts on 1 October 2008 .
It proposes a 6 % increase on projected spending of $ 2.9 trillion in the current budget year .
It forecasts a deficit of more than $ 400bn for the next two years - more than double the $ 162bn deficit for the 2007 fiscal year .
I have to say that I doubt threatening Nancy Pelosi to take their toys and go home if she does n't urge superdelegates to do what they want is really the smartest way for Hillary Clinton supporters to try to win this election .
It sort of re-enforces the case that the Clintons and their close allies are selfish people willing and ready to destroy the party in order to maintain control over it .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Pravda 's opinion of Slobodan Miloshevich Pravda 's opinion of Slobodan Miloshevich
Quote
“ If you agree with my points of views and want to support me , please , do n't waste your precious time in useless discussions with right - wingers .
Do n't feed flame wars with trolls .
You are fighting the fleas instead to fight the dog .
Let 's keep our focus on BIG dogs only .
The best thing you can do is to save my artworks , reproduce and forward them to other people .
And let those right - wingers speaking alone ...
That 's called STRATEGY ! ”
The word wide web has come of age with an estimated one billion users around the globe .
Advances in computer technology allow almost anyone with the right software and creativity to produce impression digital art .
Throw a political agenda into the mix and you have a Webagandist .
During the 1999 NATO war with Serbia , USENET groups and websites were flooded with political debate and propaganda .
One effort that particularly caught my eye was the digital art produced by someone calling himself “ Pravda ” ( Truth ) .
Pravda produced imaginative anti-Miloshevich propaganda and was no doubt a skilled Photoshop artist .
The messages may have been crude but the design demonstrated skill using the technology of the time with the internet providing a means to disseminate it to a global audience .
Today a very talented Brazilian left - wing liberal artist named Carlos Latuff produces extreme anti-US and pro-Palestinian cartoons and caricatures .
His level of creativity is astounding even if his messages are abhorrent .
Occasionally he uses pornography , more often his work is ghoulish , and generally is amusing .
He attacks Israeli policy towards the Palestinians and is violently anti-American .
He pays particular attention to the war in Iraq and to capitalism .
Latuff must be a Pepsi drinker , as he constantly snipes at Coco Cola by showing that the company is the root of all evil .
McDonalds receives similar treatment .
One of his cartoons fuels the ridiculous conspiracy theory that the US engineered the AIDS virus , with others furthering the myth that 9/11 was orchestrated by the CIA .
Latuff says his images are “ copyleft ” meaning he actively encourages his fellow “ brothers and sisters - in - arts ” to freely disseminate his propaganda around the internet , to reproduce it on t- shirts , as leaflets , in newspapers , and even on walls .
In his own words , Latuff hero - worships the photo - montage satirist John Heartfield whose legendary work ridiculed Hitler and the Third Reich .
Latuff ’s artistic ability may approach that of Heartfield but mainly falls well short of the mark with his political message .
He sees himself as a subversive and has faked a US Customs wanted poster with his own picture on it .
However , I ’m sure there ’s few in the US Administration that take his work too seriously .
Northern European countries saw the highest house price rises in 2006 , among the 40 countries monitored by the Global Property Guide ( which maintains the world 's single biggest collection of house price indices ) .
Leading the charge was Estonia with an impressive 54 % house price increase in 2006 .
This followed average dwelling price rises of 57 % in 2005 , and 25 % in 2004 ( see table ) .
Estonia was followed by Denmark which experienced 23 % house price rises in 2006 , then by Norway ( 14 % ) and Ireland ( 13 % ) .
Other countries in northern Europe also had impressive house price increases , including Sweden , UK , and Finland .
Early indicators suggest that Latvia 's strong house price growth will continue in 2006 , following 27 % house price rises in 2005 .
This will be verified as soon as official statistics come in .
Outside Europe , South Africa , 2004 's star performer , continues to experience strong house price growth , with 2006 house price rises of 12.7 % .
However , this is a far cry from the 33 % increases recorded in 2004 , and the 17 % rises of 2005 .
Countries attracting immigrants are also experiencing strong property price increases , particularly Canada ( 11 % ) , New Zealand ( 10 % ) and , to a certain extent , the US ( 8 % ) and Australia ( 6.5 % ) .
Central Europe lags behind
Southern Europe , the favorite destination of second home buyers and holidaymakers , is also experiencing strong house price increases .
France experienced a 12.5 % house price increase from 3Q 2005 to 3Q 2006 , while Spain registered a 10 % rise in 2006 and Italy 6.6 % .
However property prices in Portugal dipped marginally ( - 0.4 % ) , following a lacklustre recent past .
Austria 's housing renaissance continued , with 6.8 % price increases in Vienna , after 8 % price rises during 2005 .
Most countries in Central Europe , however , remained unexciting .
2006 saw very small price increases in Switzerland ( 2.9 % ) , Luxembourg ( 2.9 % ) , Germany ( 2.8 % ) and Poland ( 2.2 % ) .
Philippines leads Asia
The Philippine real estate market registered the highest price growth in Asia during 2006 at 11.6 % ( Philippine property prices had dropped most after the 1997 Asian Crisis ) .
Indonesia 's house prices rose 8.76 % , from 3Q 2005 to 3Q 2006 .
However Indonesian inflation was high in 2006 at 13 % , so in real terms Indonesian house prices actually fell .
Singapore 's residential property price index rose 7.6 % y-o -y to 3Q 2006 , the city state 's highest price increase since 2000 .
Malaysia and Taiwan are still muddling through , and saw only marginal price increases of 1.4 % and 1.1 % , respectively .
The previous strong house price growth in Thailand during 2004 and 2005 came to an end , as the political crisis spilled over to the economy , and 2006 saw house price falls of almost 1 % .
Japan has not seen the end of more than a decade of property price falls .
Commercial property values are rising in Tokyo and some major cities , but in the rest of the country property prices are still static .
The global property boom is slowing
Many more countries experienced nominal house price increases in 2006 , than price falls .
Yet the pace of housing price increases in 2006 was generally down on 2005 .
Several countries experienced quite significant slowdowns in their housing markets , without seeing actual price falls .
Countries in this category , where the price rise rate dropped by more than five percentage points , include Poland ( 6.6 percentage point reduction on previous rate of house price rise ) , US ( 5.6 % reduction on previous rate of house price increase ) and New Zealand ( 5.02 % reduction on 2005 's price - rise rate ) .
However , US house prices showed no actual decline in 2006 , either during the year , or from one quarter to the next , according to the OFHEO house price index , despite some press reports to the contrary .
It is tempting to attribute the slowdown in many countries to interest rate rises , especially in Europe and the US .
However , other forces came into play in some countries .
Israel ( typically not included in most ' global ' house price reports ) experienced price declines in 2006 ( - 4 % ) , after a recovery in 2005 .
The price fall can be attributed to the war with Hezbollah in Lebanon , and other political troubles .
The dramatic upsurge of Hong Kong property prices in 2003 and 2004 , and sudden cooling down in 2005 and 2006 , also deserve a better explanation than the usual speculative bubble theory .
Related Links :
In a major expansion of the US government 's DNA collection practices , officials plan to collect DNA samples of every citizen arrested by a federal law enforcement agency and all immigrants detained by a federal authority .
The move will add 1.2 million people 's genetic blueprints to the federal database every year .
Until now , federal authorities have only taken DNA samples of those convicted of a federal felony .
The new rules would mark the first time the feds have collected DNA from those who are arrested but never charged and from people other than US citizens and legal permanent residents .
The proposed rule - which is subject to a 30 - day public comment period after being published in the Federal Register - is a major expansion to the once - narrow confines of DNA collection .
The National DNA Index System ( NDIS ) was established in 1994 , to store profiles of people convicted of rape , murder and other serious violent crimes .
A decade later , feds began indexing records of people convicted of any felony .
Around the same time states that also collect DNA samples of people arrested ( there are 13 of them now ) began sharing that information over to the NDIS .
Civil libertarians are none too happy about the move .
They complain of mission creep and say it's an invasion of privacy of people who are arrested but who are never charged with a crime , or who are later acquitted .
Those backing the new rules say federal employees may not use the records to identify genealogy , genetic traits or diseases .
They also say people wrongly arrested can petition the Justice Department to destroy the records .
But according to the Associated Press , it can take up to two years to get records expunged , and in the meantime , it 's unclear what is to prevent employees from skirting those rules .
Only last month the US State Department admitted that workers had snooped on the supposedly private passport records of all three presidential candidates .
Federal authorities arrest about 140,000 individuals every year .
About one million more individuals are detained for being in the US illegally .
The NDIS is about to get a lot bigger . ®
For the first time since 1980 , when long lines sprouted at gasoline stations , Americans are beginning to cut down on their driving .
The slight decline in total miles driven – apparent first in December – may indicate that the twin forces of high gasoline prices and a struggling economy are starting to affect the US lifestyle .
Surveys find that Americans now consider gasoline prices a " financial hardship . "
If Americans are still balking at prices at the pump by Memorial Day , the effect on the economy may be wider – ranging from how people take vacations to how many trips to the mall they make .
" If you do n't have a job , these prices are doubly hard , " says Michael Swanson , an economist with Wells Fargo Economics in Minneapolis .
American 's reluctance to pay an average of $ 3.28 a gallon for fuel has already had an effect : Gasoline inventories are high .
If it were n't for the high stocks , gasoline prices would be even higher , energy analysts say .
Still , by Memorial Day , gasoline could cost another 25 cents a gallon , energy analysts estimate .
By the time refiners switch over to the summer blend of gasoline , the price could rise again .
" My feeling is the price will approach $ 3.50 a gallon as gasoline inventories come down and people start driving more , " says Sander Cohan , an energy analyst at Energy Security Analysis Inc. in Wakefield , Mass .
" This summer , it 's feasible for gasoline to hit $ 4 a gallon . "
If gasoline does hit $ 4 a gallon , it might be a " psychological break point , " says Dennis Jacobe , chief economist at the Gallup Organization in Washington .
" It does n't just start to affect you financially , but you also start to think how much it costs to go someplace , " he says .
" People cut back on their recreational use of vehicles and all kinds of travel . "
AAA , the national drivers club , has found that when gasoline prices are high , Americans try to compensate .
" They travel closer to home .
They stay at more economical hotels .
They eat out at fast - food restaurants and try to find the shortest route to a destination , " says Troy Green , a spokesman in Washington .
In February , a survey by the National Association of Convenience Stores found that 29 percent of the respondents said that high gasoline prices had forced them to change their spending patterns .
Forty percent said they tended to drive somewhat less as result of high gasoline prices .
One key to whether Americans will react negatively to gasoline prices is how quickly pump prices rise , Mr. Jacobe says .
It is easier for consumers to adjust to a gradual rise .
" If we see prices rising fast each day , it scares people , " he says .
Energy analysts are concerned that the dynamics are in place for a relatively quick rise this spring .
With gasoline inventories high and demand slow , refiners are pulling back on the production of gasoline , says Mr. Cohan .
" The refiners are losing money with oil at these levels , so they are cutting back , " he says .
By one estimate , gasoline prices could rise 18 cents a gallon just to catch up to the rise in oil prices .
Year to date , oil has risen 94 cents a gallon , compared with a rise of 76 cents a gallon for gasoline over the same time period , estimates John Felmy , chief economist for the American Petroleum Institute ( API ) .
Another potential factor in determining gasoline prices : political pressures on oil companies .
On Tuesday , the chief executives of the top five oil companies were to testify about energy prices before the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming .
On Monday , the committee chairman , Rep. Edward Markey ( D ) of Massachusetts , noted that gasoline prices , according to AAA , had hit a record high of $ 3.28 a gallon .
" This new gas price record is a perfect example of why we need these oil companies to go on the record with the American people to discuss our dangerous dependence on oil , " he said in a statement .
On Monday , API retorted that rising global demand for oil , combined with the falling value of the dollar and a lack of access to potential new oil supplies , is behind the higher prices .
The last time that Americans did cut down on their driving in response to high prices , around 1980 , they reduced their driving for 14 months .
" We 're starting to see a similar pattern emerge , " Mr. Swanson says .
" This could be a huge washout this summer and for a couple of years . "
But Mr. Green is not so sure .
" Americans love driving their cars , and for other people it's a necessity , " he says .
" They will make it up by cutting back in other areas if they have to . "
Check out this billboard .
Apparently , there is a “ Bike Show ” at the “ Family Arena ” in St. Charles , Missouri ( St. Louis area ) .
If you attend the Bike Show , you can “ Register to Win a Free Breast Augmentation . ”
I ’d avoid buying only your raffle ticket in the name of the family , however , because if it is the winning ticket , the family members will have to fight over who gets the free breast augmentation .
I ’m wondering what they ’ll offer next at the Family Arena .
Perhaps the next raffle will be for one of those alleged penis enlargements that show up so often in spam .
[ For St. Louis areas residents who are interested in admiring this billboard in person , it is located in the City of St. Louis , on South Kingshighway a few blocks north of Chouteau ] .
A long - awaited Home Office review of the impact of 24 - hour drinking in England and Wales will concede that the controversial policy has failed to reduce alcohol - fuelled crime or change drinking patterns .
The report , to be released on Tuesday , will reveal that the transition to a southern European - style drinking culture – a key aim of the controversial legislation – has failed to materialise since the Licensing Act was introduced two years ago .
It will also show that there are no " clear signs yet that the abolition of a standard closing time [ for pubs and clubs ] has significantly reduced problems of crime and disorder " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
According to the report , " more flexible pub and club closing hours were intended to avoid the closing - time mêlées , discourage excessive drinking and , in time , encourage a more relaxed , southern European - style drinking culture " .
But not only have things failed to improve since licensing laws were relaxed , in many cases they have become worse .
Serious violent crime has been displaced , with a steep rise in offences committed between 3 am and 6 am and , despite the millions spent on police crackdowns on drunken disorder , alcohol - fuelled crime hot spots have become worse .
The report is central to a review of the 2003 Licensing Act ordered by the Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , last year , which is expected to be announced by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport in the next few days .
Mr Brown has sought to distance himself from his predecessor , Tony Blair , and signal a tougher stance on social issues ranging from drinking to the classification of cannabis and the introduction of super - casinos .
Pressure is mounting on the Government to rethink 24 - hour licensing , with the release of a report from the British Medical Association last week that highlighted concerns over the soaring numbers of people needing hospital treatment as a result of binge drinking : " There is strong evidence that increased opening hours are associated with increased alcohol consumption and alcohol - related problems . "
The Home Office report is expected to put ministers at odds with police chiefs after the publication yesterday of figures obtained under the Freedom of Information
Act showing a rise in drink - related crime since the Act took effect .
Monthly figures in the 12 forces that recorded alcohol - related antisocial incidents soared by 46 per cent to 13,500 – a rise that would amount to 180,000 more crimes a year if repeated across England and Wales .
In contrast , Tuesday 's Home Office report will say that , overall , crime was reduced by 3 per cent .
It says : " It is clear that the chaos feared and predicted by critics of the Licensing Act 2003 has not come about – despite the negative experiences of liberalisation in other countries .
On the other hand , neither is there clear evidence that positive benefits have accrued from staggered and better - managed closing times . "
Officials warn that " in the longer term there may be more marked changes – whether malign or benign – resulting from the overhaul of licensing arrangements " .
A survey of 30 police forces in England and Wales for the report will show how drink - related crime between 6 pm and 6 am has risen by 1 per cent .
Crimes between 3 am and 6 am are up by 22 per cent , with more than 10,000 additional offences in the year after the licensing rules were relaxed , despite a raft of local and national initiatives to tackle binge drinking .
Between these times , there was also a 25 per cent rise in serious violent offences , including murder , manslaughter and wounding – accounting for almost 4,000 extra crimes .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The report examines the impact of the Act in Birmingham , Blackpool , Croydon , Guildford and Nottingham .
It will show that violent crime rose in Guildford ( 12 per cent ) , Birmingham ( 6 per cent ) and Nottingham ( 3 per cent ) , and fell in Croydon and Blackpool ( 16 and 11 per cent ) .
In most areas , up to 16 per cent of people are drinking more than ever .
Researchers say that some crime has been displaced to the early hours of the morning , and " it seems likely that this is a consequence of the extension of licensing hours " .
Campaigners accuse the Government of failing to cut alcohol - fuelled problems .
Professor Ian Gilmore , chairman of the Alcohol Health Alliance , said : " Crime and disorder have not been reduced and there is no evidence that it has helped matters in accident and emergency departments . "
Don Shenker of Alcohol Concern said the legislation was " dangerously tilted towards the needs of the drinks industry " , while Andrew McNeill of the Institute of Alcohol Studies said : " The Act has not delivered what the Government promised . "
A Home Office spokes - woman said : " We will continue to encourage local authorities and the police to take decisive action to fine premises or remove licences where there is trouble .
We have given the police a range of tools and powers to clamp down on licensees and individuals who abuse the laws . "
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
HILLSBORO , Oregon ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton found herself on the defensive over a top aide ’s meeting with Colombia on a trade deal , as she and rival Barack Obama courted voters on Saturday in Western states .
Mark Penn , chief campaign strategist to the New York senator , has apologized for meeting with Colombia ’s U.S. ambassador in his separate role as a lobbyist hired by the South American country to win congressional approval of the trade deal with the United States .
But the issue poses problems for Clinton for political reasons as well as diplomatic ones as she vies with Obama to become the Democratic nominee to run against Republican John McCain in the November election .
Anxiety about free trade runs high with the working - class voters Clinton and Obama are courting and both oppose the deal with Colombia .
The president of the politically powerful Teamsters Union , Jim Hoffa , said Penn ’s meeting with the Colombian officials undermined Clinton ’s stance on labor issues as well as trade .
“ How can we trust that a President Hillary Clinton would stand strong against this trade deal when her top advisor is being paid by Colombia to promote it ? ” he asked in a statement .
He said the trade deal was “ anathema to the labor movement . ”
The controversy also prompted an angry reaction from Washington ’s close ally Colombia , which took offense at Penn ’s statement in which he called his meeting with the country ’s ambassador “ an error in judgment . ”
“ The Colombian government considers this a lack of respect to Colombians , and finds this response unacceptable , ” the Colombian Embassy in Washington said in a statement on Saturday in which it announced it was ending a contract with Penn ’s firm , Burson - Marsteller Worldwide .
The firm had been hired about a year ago .
A Clinton campaign spokesman said on Saturday that Penn ’s action was “ independent of the campaign . ”
Clinton and Obama have both said they intend to vote against the deal with Colombia and she reiterated her opposition to the pact on Friday , when news surfaced of Penn ’s March 31 meeting with Ambassador Carolina Barco Isakson .
Democratic presidential candidate Senator Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) addresses the audience at a town hall campaign event in Hillsboro , Oregon April 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Richard Clement
The two candidates have been sparring for months over the issue of trade , with each questioning the other ’s credibility in their pledges to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement .
The flap over the Colombia trade deal could provide ammunition for Obama , not only in his attacks on Clinton over trade but also in his contention she has closer ties to lobbyists who might have too much say in shaping policies should she become president .
Obama ’s campaign has so far declined to weigh in on the Penn controversy .
Without mentioning Clinton by name , Obama criticized the influence of lobbyists in government , referring to the failure to overhaul the health care system in the administrations of both President George W. Bush and Clinton ’s husband , former President Bill Clinton .
As first lady , Hillary Clinton led the failed 1993 effort to revamp health care .
OBAMA : INSIDERS SET AGENDA
“ People do n’t feel like anybody is listening to them , ” Obama told a rally in Missoula , Montana .
“ They have a sense that the insiders , the lobbyists , the fat cats -- that they are the ones that are setting the agenda in Washington . ”
“ Think about it -- we ’ve been talking about health care reform for decades now through Democratic and Republican administrations .
And yet year after year nothing happens , ” Obama said , blaming the inaction on the influence of drug companies and big health insurance firms .
Obama last month faced questions over his credibility on trade after his top economic adviser , Austan Goolsbee , discussed NAFTA during a meeting with a Canadian official .
A memo leaked to media said the aide played down Obama ’s opposition to NAFTA , saying the candidate ’s comments were designed for a political audience .
The Obama campaign said the memo mischaracterized the conversation but Clinton seized on the issue , saying it showed Obama was willing to say one thing in private and another in public .
There was a possibility Clinton and Obama could cross paths later .
Both were scheduled to attend a Democratic party dinner in Butte , Montana .
Clinton spent the early part of the day campaigning in Oregon , which holds a nominating contest on May 20 .
Montana holds a primary on June 3 .
McCain on Saturday went to the site in Prescott , Arizona , where another Arizona Republican politician , Barry Goldwater , announced his presidential run in 1964 , and talked about the need for bipartisan cooperation .
( Writing and additional reporting by Caren Bohan and Jim Vicini ; additional reporting by Tim Gaynor , editing by Jackie Frank )
USDA orders largest ever beef recall Associated Press
Published : Monday February 18 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
An undercover video showing crippled and sick animals being shoved with forklifts has led to the largest beef recall in the United States and a scramble to find out if any of the meat is still destined for school children 's lunches .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Sunday ordered the recall of 143 million pounds of beef from a Southern California slaughterhouse that is the subject of an animal - abuse investigation .
The recall will affect beef products dating to Feb. 1 , 2006 , that came from Chino - based Westland / Hallmark Meat Co. , the federal agency said .
The company provided meat to various federal programs .
Secretary of Agriculture Ed Schafer said his department has evidence that Westland did not routinely contact its veterinarian when cattle became non-ambulatory after passing inspection , violating health regulations .
" Because the cattle did not receive complete and proper inspection , Food Safety and Inspection Service has determined them to be unfit for human food and the company is conducting a recall , " Schafer said in a statement .
A phone message left for Westland president Steve Mendell was not returned Sunday .
Agriculture officials said the massive recall surpasses a 1999 ban of 35 million pounds of ready - to - eat meats .
No illnesses have been linked to the newly recalled meat , and officials said the health threat was likely small .
Officials estimate that about 37 million pounds of the recalled beef went to school programs , but they believe most of the meat probably has already been eaten .
" We do n't know how much product is out there right now .
We do n't think there is a health hazard , but we do have to take this action , " said Dr. Dick Raymond , USDA Undersecretary for Food Safety .
Federal officials suspended operations at Westland / Hallmark after an undercover video from the Humane Society of the United States surfaced showing crippled and sick animals being shoved with forklifts .
Two former employees were charged Friday .
Five felony counts of animal cruelty and three misdemeanors were filed against a pen manager .
Three misdemeanor counts  illegal movement of a non-ambulatory animal  were filed against an employee who worked under that manager .
Both were fired .
Authorities said the video showed workers kicking , shocking and otherwise abusing " downer " animals that were apparently too sick or injured to walk into the slaughterhouse .
Some animals had water forced down their throats , San Bernardino County prosecutor Michael Ramos said .
No charges have been filed against Westland , but an investigation by federal authorities continues .
About 150 school districts around the nation have stopped using ground beef from Hallmark Meat Packing Co. , which is associated with Westland .
Two fast - food chains , Jack - In - the - Box and In - N - Out , said they would not use beef from Westland / Hallmark .
Most of the beef was sent to distribution centers in bulk packages .
The USDA said it will work with distributors to determine how much meat remains .
Federal regulations call for keeping downed cattle out of the food supply because they may pose a higher risk of contamination from E. coli , salmonella or mad cow disease since they typically wallow in feces and their immune systems are often weak .
Upon learning about the recall , some legislators criticized the USDA , saying the federal agency should conduct more thorough inspections to ensure tainted beef does n't get to the public .
" Today marks the largest beef recall in U.S. history , and it involves the national school lunch program and other federal food and nutrition programs , " said U.S. Sen .
Tom Harkin , chairman of the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition and Forestry .
" This begs the question : How much longer will we continue to test our luck with weak enforcement of federal food safety regulations ? "
Advocacy groups also weighed in , noting the problems at Westland would n't have been revealed had it not been for animal right activists .
" On the one hand , I 'm glad that the recall is taking place .
On the other , it 's somewhat disturbing , given that obviously much of this food has already been eaten , " said Jean Halloran , director of food policy initiatives at Consumers Union .
" It 's really closing the barn door after the cows left . "
DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE Hillary Rodham Clinton : Can N.Y. senator reach the finish ?
Barack Obama : Contender vaults into political limelight Enlarge By Scott Olson , Getty Images Sen. Barack Obama speaks during a town hall style meeting in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania April 21 .
CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 Click on the titles to learn more about where the presidential candidates stand on the issues :
WAR IN IRAQ
The war in Iraq is the dominant issue in the 2008 race for the White House .
The early primary votes will be cast as the conflict completes its fifth year .
The next president will be the first to take the oath of office during an ongoing war since Richard Nixon in 1969 .
IMMIGRATION
Immigration is a highly divisive issue , as concerns about terrorism amplify the debate about border security .
Congress has failed to enact immigration legislation because of differences between supporters of tougher enforcement to limit illegal entry into the country and advocates of amnesty for illegal immigrants .
HEALTH CARE
Polls indicate that health care is one of the most important issues to voters heading into the 2008 presidential elections .
The rising cost of health insurance and the growing number of uninsured give the issue added urgency .
Several candidates have called for universal health care ; others have said these plans amount to socialized medicine .
EDUCATION
White House hopefuls are divided on the federal government 's role in education as Congress considers changes to President Bush 's signature schools law , the No Child Left Behind Act , and how to make college affordable .
ABORTION
In 1973 , the U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortion in the landmark case Roe v. Wade and the ruling has been the subject of heated political debate ever since .
Presidential candidates over the years have weighed in on a variety of abortion - related topics .
GAY CIVIL RIGHTS
The issue of civil rights for gay men and lesbians -- including the definition of marriage , service in the military and protection against hate crimes -- has long divided the two major political parties .
It 's not as simple as saying Democrats are for them , and Republicans are against them .
Barack Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton scoured Pennsylvania for votes Monday amid signs Democrats are increasingly ready for the bitter presidential nomination race to end .
On the eve of their first contest in six weeks , the two Democratic rivals angled to manage expectations .
Obama insisted he was n't expecting a Keystone State win , while a new USA TODAY / Gallup Poll showed him with a lead nationwide over Clinton , 50 % - 40 % , among Democrats and independents who lean Democratic .
The sample of 552 adults has a margin of error of +/— 5 percentage points .
In Pennsylvania , a rash of last - minute state polls showed Clinton anywhere from 10 points ahead to three points behind — with most giving her single - digit leads .
" I 'm not predicting a win , " Obama told Pittsburgh radio station KDKA .
" I 'm predicting it 's going to be close and that we are going to do a lot better than people expect . "
The poll also found that Democrats and Democratic leaners are evenly split 48 % - 48 % on whether the long , heated nomination contest is hurting the party and party leaders should unite behind a candidate .
A Rasmussen Reports poll last month found 62 % of Democrats wanted the race to go on .
Despite concerns about the Democratic race dragging on , both candidates lead presumptive Republican nominee John McCain , according to the latest USA TODAY / Gallup Poll .
The matchups are within the margin of error , +/—3 percentage points .
The telephone poll of 1,016 adults was taken Friday through Sunday .
Clinton began the final day of campaigning in Scranton , her father 's hometown , and traveled to Pittsburgh and Harrisburg before ending it in Philadelphia .
She repeated a favorite theme on readiness , portraying Obama as untested .
" If you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen , " she told a Pittsburgh audience .
" I am very comfortable in that kitchen . "
Obama held a discussion on economics with 50 voters in Blue Bell , part of the suburban Philadelphia area he is looking to win big .
He then flew west for a town hall in McKeesport and a rally at the University of Pittsburgh .
Both candidates were joined by their spouses .
The last - minute push included taped messages from both on World Wrestling Entertainment 's Monday Night RAW on USA Network .
Obama scheduled an appearance on Comedy Central 's Daily Show with Jon Stewart , and Clinton gave an interview to Larry King on CNN's Larry King Live !
Clinton , trying for a decisive victory here to keep her nomination hopes alive , released a TV ad that featured images of Osama bin Laden , World War II and economic threats from such forces as soaring gas prices .
The ad asks voters who they think can " stand the heat " of being president .
Obama responded with a TV spot asking viewers who will be a uniter and " not use fear and calculation to divide us . "
Neither ad mentions the rival by name .
The dueling ads reflected the sharpness of the final days on the trail .
Clinton suggested a vote for Obama amounted to " a leap of faith or guesswork . "
Obama said a vote for Clinton was a vote to continue counterproductive game - playing in Washington .
The negative tone , combined with an ABC debate last week that was heavy on character and scandal questions aimed mostly at Obama , have led many party strategists to conclude it 's time to end what satirist Stephen Colbert calls " Democralypse Now — the delightful dismemberment of the Democratic hopescape . "
Bill Carrick , an unaligned party strategist in Los Angeles , called last week 's debate " Exhibit A in why this thing needs to end .
Everybody feels the same .
Enough already . "
Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean has said he wants superdelegates — the party leaders and elected officials not bound by primary or caucus results — to start choosing sides now .
Dean said he does n't anticipate that the nomination will be settled until after the final nominating contests June 3 .
Clinton joked with a crowd in Harrisburg that the nomination fight " has been the world 's longest job interview . …
But we 're getting down to a final decision . "
Contributing : Mark Memmott in McLean , Va. Jill Lawrence reported from the Obama campaign .
Kathy Kiely reported from the Clinton campaign .
Enlarge By Joe Raedle , Getty Images Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton greets people as she attends a rally in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The United States is no longer # 1 when it comes to warm bodies surfing the Internet .
According to BDA China , a Beijing - based consulting and research firm , China has some 228 million surfers .
The China Internet Network Information Center puts that figure at 225 million .
The US had been in the # 1 seat for almost 40 years , dating back to the birth of the Internet in 1969 when it was a Defense Department project .
The AFP headline reads " China outsurfs the US , " but whether or not China is truly in the lead is debatable .
These studies all use statistics to project the number of people online , and statistics can lie .
Simple statistics also do n't tell the story of the disparity between the US and China in terms of user experience and innovation .
China may have 228 million Internet users , but politics in that region are stifling innovation and the freedom of expression for nearly all of them , and the problem is getting worse , not better .
In the next year some 60 million more Chinese are expected to get online , according to BDA China , but this comes at the same time that the Chinese government is stepping up its crackdown on free expression .
President Hu Jintao last year called for purification of the Internet , saying that it was poisoning the minds of China 's youth .
What he really meant to say is that the government is upset that it cannot completely control the flow of information .
To help keep those youths " honest , " China will soon require customers of ' Net cafés to register their names and photos .
53 Internet cafés in Beijing 's Xicheng District will be fitted with a new login system this month , and other urban areas will follow suit later this year , using either a centrally controlled monitoring system or , at the very least , enrollment lists with names and pictures .
The Chinese government already applies filters to incoming Internet traffic to ensure that the public is n't exposed to any " backward " thoughts and prohibits citizens from posting content that the government finds inappropriate .
Last year , the government stopped just short of requiring all bloggers in the country to register their real names , due to the near - impossible logistics and costs involved .
China has also introduced new laws which make it illegal for the distribution of audio and video content not sanctioned or produced by state - run media agencies .
All of this points to a China that is proceeding cautiously with no small amount of fear .
Only a quarter of the country 's population is digitally inclined at this time , and China does n't really want to see that growth stifled .
China likes the fact that the Internet can be a great distributor of information ; it 's just that the government would prefer to control all of that information .
For this reason , the inevitable op - eds about how Mandarin Chinese will become the " lingua Internet " can still be safely ignored ( at least if their premise is the percentage of Chinese online ) .
China , by stifling free expression and innovation online , is limiting its ability to influence the globe , opting instead to focus its influence on a catch - 22 : the proliferation of an open communications medium ( the Internet ) which the Chinese government would rather function more like a closed , propaganda - oriented platform .
In the meantime , China can bask in its new status as the # 1 web surfing country in the world .
If it 's not true today , it will be by the end of this year .
But the climate for innovation there is horrendous , as this recent Forbes article notes , and without anything close to a free Internet , that status as # 1 is quite squandered .
Yet , as readers in China tell us , savvy users are often one step ahead of the government , and everyone knows that a huge wealth of information and expression lies beyond the Great Firewall .
China can't possibly hope to reign in the web , let alone " win the web " as the Forbes article suggests .
If anything , the web will win over China , and continue to serve ultimately as a positive force for progressive change in the realms of free speech and civil rights .
BEIJING : China on Thursday asked the US to provide information and data to the international community on the shooting down of a dying spy satellite and said it was closely following the " possible harm " caused by the American action to " outer space and relevant countries " .
" China requests the US to fulfill its international obligations in real earnest and provide necessary information and data in a timely and prompt way so that the relevant countries can take precautions , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao told a regular bi-weekly news briefing here .
He said China was closely following " the possible harm caused by the US action to outer space and relevant countries " .
The US said a missile launched from its navy ship in the North Pacific hit the errant satellite which was in its final orbit before entering the earth 's atmosphere .
Washington had early this week justified its plan to shoot down the satellite , saying it was different from the one China did when it killed an ageing satellite using a ground - based missile last year .
The plan was to protect the population on ground , it said .
China had killed an ageing satellite using a ground - based missile in January last year , which made the Communist giant the third nation to do so after the US and erstwhile Soviet Union .
Beijing 's action had sparked off an alarm about a global arms race in outer space .
Learn More
World - Wide Delivery
We offer fully insured shipping anywhere with live GPS tracking within 24 hours !
We can deliver your new RV directly from our store to your door .
the sound of every criminal defense attorney cringing at once
April 21 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
sounds something like this :
( CBS ) Many of the men in the polygamist sect in Eldorado , Texas did n’t know it is illegal to marry someone under 18 , one of them tells Early Show co-anchor Maggie Rodriguez in an exclusive interview .
…
Asked by Rodriguez if he was saying older men do n’t marry adolescent girls in the compound , Edson replied , “ I did n’t say that at all , but I think that people have a false concept of what our religion is all about .
To say that they ’re sexually abused and that people here are — they have n’t found anything to my knowledge that proves that .
…
But I think that , overall , they look at us as if we ’re immoral people and , in our own makeup , that is the very most important part of our religion , is to be morally clean .
I have a hard time standing here being a criminal , when I had no idea that I ’m a criminal .
( Videos of the interview can be seen here )
emphasis and cringe added .
‘ Ignorance of the law is no excuse ‘ is just a starting point for the kind of conniptions this might produce .
It has been a minute since I checked , but I have a dim recollection that once you say goodbye to your fifth amendment privilege against self - incrimination , it is gone for good …
In other news , Wired offers this perspective on a video clip of an earlier ABC News interview with sect members :
In the bizarre clip , the women — identified only as Nancy , Marie and Esther — answer questions in remarkably similar sing - song voices and speak almost in unison .
Clad in matching dresses and looking like they just stepped out of a time machine set to 1880 , the women project an eerie Star Trek - meets - Little House on the Prairie vibe .
They complain oh so meekly about the raid that left 416 children in state custody as authorities try to get to the bottom of what , exactly , was going on at the Yearning for Zion Ranch .
The Associated Press takes a closer look at the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints on April 19 , 2008 :
The YFZ Ranch – which , as the townspeople would come to learn , stood for Yearning for Zion – would mushroom into a bustling , parallel city : a 1,691 - acre , self - sustaining enclave carved , literally , into a rock pile for the innermost circle of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , FLDS , a 10,000 - member sect that has continued to practice polygamy after it was banned by the Mormon Church in 1890 .
Here , there would be enormous dormitories for enormous families , a cheese factory , a medical clinic , a grain silo , a commissary , a sewage treatment plant – and watchtowers with sentries , infrared night - vision cameras to monitor gated entrances , and 10 - foot - high compound walls topped with spikes .
There would evolve a saga of “ plural marriages , ” racism , underage “ celestial ” brides and allegations of child abuse , turning Eldorado upside down with frightening tales , rumors , and a flood of reporters and investigators .
A raid on the polygamists ’ compound – the largest of its kind in more than a half century in the West , involving hundreds of law enforcement agents – would lead to the removal of 416 children and set up a child custody confrontation of unprecedented dimensions .
and how the investigations into the compound began :
The eight men huddled around a table at a Seattle coffee shop could easily be confused with a comic - book fan society or a Dungeons & Dragons kaffeeklatsch .
They ’re mostly white , in their 20s and 30s , many with creative facial hair .
They ’re dressed casually .
The majority of them are computer programmers .
Nearly half of them work at Microsoft , although they coyly refer to it as “ a major computer - software firm based out of Redmond , ” presumably for fear of workplace repercussions .
“ I ’d like to call this meeting to a quorum , ” a guy named Robin says , presumably hamming it up because a reporter is present .
This is a meeting of We Are Change Seattle , one of the many local branches of a loosely affiliated network of 9/11 Truth organizations .
The group gets together in coffee shops and bars every week or two .
Robin spent much of his life in New England working as an air - traffic controller and manager of standup comedians , and he recently moved to Seattle to be closer to his daughter and granddaughter .
He ’s the oldest of the group but in many ways the most passionate , followed closely by a charismatic man named Giancarlo .
Giancarlo ’s father brought him to the United States 20 years ago from “ a communist country ” ; he evades questions about which one .
He ’s forceful , handsome , and young , the kind of person who says “ with all due respect ” with a smile and then proceeds to tell you exactly what ’s wrong with you .
His magnetic personality could probably earn him an elected office if he smoothed out his angry edges .
“ What ’s really a slap in the face , ” Giancarlo says , “ is that they dumbed down the explanation to such third - grader principles , that the terrorists did this because they hate our freedoms .
I hate the fact that I believed that for five years . ”
Giancarlo ’s rant about freedom gives way to a conversation about the failure of the anti–Iraq war movement , which the group agrees has consisted of hippies singing folk songs , ridiculous puppets , and self - righteous preaching to the choir .
“ This is why the 9/11 Truth movement is brilliant , ” Robin says , “ because we ’re on the web and we have DVDs and we ’re out handing things out ” — specifically , he says , in places they are n’t wanted .
“ We ’re doing what I ’d like to call civil informationing . ”
It ’s true that educating people who are hostile to your cause , rather than smugly marching in lockstep with like - minded activists , is the way to operate a movement .
Giancarlo is said to be the best at debating naysayers and sweet - talking reluctant people into taking copies of We Are Change Seattle ’s information .
Kristian Konrad , probably the closest thing that We Are Change Seattle has to a leader , says that when members hand out literature outside Mariners baseball games , they attract comments like “ Get fucked , traitor ” and “ Oh , look , it ’s the freaks . ”
I was invited to this meeting after an e-mail exchange with Konrad in which I compared the level of hatred for Truthers to the way most people treat Lyndon LaRouche followers and Jehovah ’s Witnesses .
This touched a nerve with Konrad , who replied by saying , “ Unlike LaRouchers , we have regular jobs and do n’t adhere to one man ’s ideas . ”
He added , “ I ’m just a regular guy , trying to get the word out that buildings do n’t fall apart at free - fall speed due to fire . ”
Weeks after the meeting in the coffee shop , Konrad is at Seattle Hempfest handing out DVDs to strangers .
He has 400 of them , which he paid for himself at an estimated cost of “ 27 cents apiece , not including time , ” he says .
He was up all night burning them .
A sign that reads “ Google 9/11 Truth ” is sticking out of his backpack , but otherwise he could easily fit into the Hempfest demographic .
A preteen boy who must have been 5 , at most , in 2001 , says , “ Dude , it was six years ago .
Get over it ! ”
One man shouts , “ Fuck you ! ” A soft - spoken man in his 50s takes a DVD and then hands it back and walks on .
I catch up to him .
He tells me , “ I ’m not interested .
I feel like conspiracies in this day and age would be extremely difficult to perpetuate .
Now , with the Internet , governments are running scared .
The writing is on the wall and they ca n’t control the people .
They ’re in trouble and they know it . ”
When I tell Konrad about the man ’s response , he laughs .
“ Good for him , man , ” he says .
“ I want some of what he ’s smoking . ”
Three months ago , at a birthday party , I met a dour young man wearing a “ 9/11 was an inside job ” T - shirt .
I ’d already been noticing a lot of “ inside job ” stickers and graffiti around town , and now , faced with a real - life Truther , I found that I could n’t stop staring at him :
He was at a celebration of a friend ’s life and he was wearing a shirt announcing that nearly 3,000 American citizens were killed by our own government .
It ’s easy to dismiss a guy like this as a lone wolf , but he ’s actually not alone : A 2006 Scripps Survey Research Center poll found that 36 percent of all Americans believe that the government is responsible for 9/11 — either by direct action or by willfully ignoring clear evidence that it was going to happen .
There is no end to the variety of Truthers ’ claims , but most of them believe that the United States government perpetrated 9/11 in an elaborate conspiracy to bring about the decomposition of civil liberties and the fortification of the American empire in the Middle East .
They think this because , since 9/11 , we ’ve witnessed the decomposition of civil liberties and the fortification of the American empire in the Middle East .
Most Truthers claim that their starting point in the movement was watching the third World Trade Center tower fall .
At 5:20 p.m. on September 11 , 2001 , WTC 7 , a 47 - story steel - framed skyscraper located 300 feet north of Tower 1 , collapsed .
This collapse , as seen in news footage , looks a lot like an implosion , as if it had happened through controlled demolition .
This is the drum that most Truthers bang on when they ’re trying to get people to pay attention , and it ’s a pretty sexy bullet point :
No planes struck WTC 7 , so why would it collapse ?
But , for that matter , why would the Twin Towers collapse ?
The 9/11 Commission Report claims that the towers fell at nearly free - fall speed because of something later dubbed the “ pancake theory , ” which means that each floor fell on top of the floor below it .
Truthers claim that the puffs of smoke that jetted from the side of the buildings during the collapse were signs of controlled explosions within the buildings .
And , further , that the jet fuel–stoked fire inside the towers could not have burned hot enough to weaken the metal structure of the building .
It ’s inaccurate to refer to Truthers as conspiracy theorists because , as they ’re quick to point out , many of them do n’t have a theory .
They only have questions .
Some of them believe that the government is guilty of knowing about the attacks and simply allowing them to happen , others believe that the planes were remote - ­controlled and no passengers died in the attacks , and still others believe that the Pentagon was hit by a cruise missile and no plane was involved at all .
Many Truthers believe that Flight 93 could n’t have crashed in Pennsylvania since the crash site is only 6 feet wide by 20 feet long .
A radical few even claim that no planes struck the Twin Towers .
The debate within the movement is intense and not always polite ; some Truthers believe that denying that hundreds of air passengers died on September 11 is disrespectful and stupid .
There are almost as many notions about what happened on September 11 as there are members of 9/11 Truth organizations .
To add to the confusion , the movement is home to not a few eccentrics .
After the coffee shop meeting with We Are Change Seattle , I got the first in a series of e-mails from a woman named Rebecca .
Rebecca was angry that she was n’t allowed to take part in the group interview , a decision that Konrad justified as a way to present a “ more united front ” to the media .
Rebecca and three other original members of 9/11 Truth Seattle — the umbrella entity that makes communication between various Truth groups in Seattle possible — had decided to abandon We Are Change Seattle anyway after a disagreement .
Most recently , Rebecca has decided to stop being part of any 9/11 Truth organization .
In her words : “ I have instead decided to give priority to my creative work with political satire and performance poetry . ”
This tiny schism is emblematic of larger rifts within the Truth movement .
Its first few years have seen a number of organizations come and go in a flurry of arguments and personality clashes .
For instance , last year , after a prolonged argument about whether the towers were felled by miniature nuclear weapons , some members of a group called Scholars for 9/11 Truth voted to disband and reform as the new , improved Scholars for 9/11 Truth and Justice .
Many Truthers rejected a man named Webster Tarpley as a major public face of the movement because of his previous work for the LaRouche Connection , a news service funded by the LaRouche organization .
“ Many of us felt like he took some credibility from the movement , ” a Truther who wanted to be anonymous told me .
Tarpley is rumored to be considering a run for president on a 9/11 Truth ticket , which could draw some of the Truth votes from both Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich , who seem to be running neck - and - neck in popularity with the primarily Libertarian - leaning members of 9/11 Truth groups .
In the midst of all this it ’s easy to forget that , by virtually any measurement of intellect , Truthers are highly intelligent people .
The very fact that they ’ve branded themselves the “ Truth ” movement shows a canny grasp of public relations on a level with the Bush administration ’s lusty embrace of the word freedom .
Who could possibly be against truth ?
Truth is part of the credo of superheroes , along with justice and the American way .
It ’s the same kind of organic organizational genius that people who are against abortion drew on when they came up with prolife .
Adopting a powerful , emblematic word like truth or life or freedom gives you an important edge at the start of an argument .
It ’s more than a statement of purpose ; it ’s brilliant marketing , and it reveals an organization wise enough to use the same tools as the institutions they ’ve sworn to fight .
Truthers get dismissed as idiots on liberal and conservative message boards around the country , but it ’s hard to think of another movement that has covered as much ground as quickly , and has defined itself as well , as 9/11 Truth has .
I left that first coffee shop meeting with a huge stack of books and DVDs .
The bible for most of the movement is David Ray Griffin ’s confusingly titled Debunking 9/11 Debunking , written in response to the March 2005 issue of Popular Mechanics that refuted commonly floated 9/11 Truth theories .
It ’s a necessarily dry book — great swaths of pages are devoted to whether jet fuel fire would burn black or white — and Griffin , a retired professor of theology and philosophy of religion , is not by any stretch of the imagination an inspirational writer , but his methodical approach gives the book gravity .
The first Internet - distributed movie that turned people on to the Truth movement was Loose Change .
Despite being an amateur production , Change is paced and edited like a mainstream documentary .
It ’s a shame it ’s so bad .
Director / narrator Dylan Avery ’s voice is nasally reminiscent of Ira Glass ’ , which partly explains why Change seems like an episode of This American Life on acid .
Avery makes crazy suggestions and then stops and says , in a folksy stage exclamation , “ Wait a minute !
What did I just say ? ”
The last third of the film posits that Flight 93 never crashed in Pennsylvania .
By this point it ’s clear that Change is the work of someone who ’s spent too long examining the evidence and needs to step out for fresh air .
The Truth movement ’s newest , most popular film is a documentary called Zeitgeist .
Not as professional as Change , Zeitgeist still has weird power : Based solely on anecdotal evidence , it ’s probably drawing more people into the Truth movement than anything else .
The first 40 minutes explain in detail why Christianity is a sham and Jesus Christ is not the messiah .
It ’s fairly well argued and revolves around commonly known facts :
Many early religions had messianic stories involving virgin births , crucifixions , celebrations on December 25 , and so on .
The second part is devoted to 9/11 Truth , and it ’s probably the most clearly stated case I ’ve seen , covering the “ facts ” concisely .
The third part of Zeitgeist lost me entirely — it ’s a screed about how everything has always been a part of a master plan to create a New World Order , and the film ’s emotional climax involves a documentary filmmaker befriending a loose - lipped Rockefeller family member who blurts out the events of 9/11 . . . nearly one year before they happened !
It ’s fascinating , this structure .
First the film destroys the idea of God , and then , through the lens of 9/11 , it introduces a sort of new Bizarro God .
Instead of an omnipotent , omniscient being who loves you and has inspired a variety of organized religions , there is an omnipotent , omniscient organization of ruthless beings who hate you and want to take your rights away , if not throw you in a work camp forever .
Zeitgeist is the film most Truthers mention online when they ’re new to the movement , and it believes in a magical fairyland dominated by evil villains .
It ’s fiction , couched in a few facts .
There are even nuttier resources , like Inside Job : Unmasking the 9/11 Conspiracies by Jim Marrs , who ’s made a career of writing about the JFK assassination and extraterrestrial encounters .
David Icke , who famously believes the world is being controlled by lizard - men ( in a plot startlingly similar to the cult NBC miniseries V ) , has contributed his very particular genius to the genre with Alice in Wonderland and the World Trade Center Disaster .
Just type a couple of words into Google and the whole thing spins into crazy within seconds .
You can get sidetracked tearing apart every bit of evidence with a Truther .
Was the whole thing done with remote - controlled planes bearing bomb pods on their underbellies ?
If so , where are the real people who were ostensibly the passengers of those flights ?
How did they — whoever they are — pull it — whatever it is — off ?
I ask Konrad how many people it must have taken to wire the towers to explode .
“ If they had long enough , probably you could have gotten it done with crews of 20 or 40 people , ” he says .
So how did the government convince those people to execute its evil plan , and why have none of them come forward ?
“ It ’s just my theory , ” he says .
“ But the people who wired the towers to explode are already dead .
They probably got three in the back of the head , just like Pat Tillman . ”
But what about the people who did the people who did the towers ?
And the people who told the people to do the people who did the towers ?
You can imagine a line of men in suits shooting each other in the back of the head extending all the way from New York to Washington , D.C. , and ending in the Oval Office , but somewhere along the way , someone ’s going to squeal .
Truthers tend to implicate the media in the attack , but , as anyone who ’s ever gotten drunk with a journalist could tell you , a conspiracy that involves the media would be short - lived .
The secrecy of our government is a major reason why the Truth movement has gained such successful footing in such a relatively short time , and President Bush ’s and Vice President Cheney ’s refusal to cooperate with the 9/11 Commission can easily be interpreted as an admission of guilt .
Plus , Bush and Cheney probably are guilty of a lot of horrible things , some of which we ’ll never know about .
But would n’t a government conspiracy to go after Iraq just have tied the towers directly to Iraq ?
If the Truth movement ’s only job is to uncover discrepancies , it ’s dooming itself to forever pulling facts apart .
It ’s kind of a Zeno ’s arrow of illogic : Truthers will never come to a reasonable conclusion because there ’s never going to be an absence of doubt .
It ’s time for them to put up or shut up , in other words — it ’s been six years since 9/11 and they ’ve yet to produce anything coherent .
Most Truthers will tell you that what they ’re looking for is a new , independent — possibly international — commission to investigate the events of September 11 .
When I ask Konrad in an e-mail if he thinks that such a commission could accurately identify what happened , his answer is less than fulfilling : “ I do think there is still enough evidence to indict some of the perpetrators .
. . .
There is a lot of evidence , and it needs to be objectively sorted out .
. . .
We may never know who exactly ordered the attacks , or who did the footwork , but it is necessary to investigate .
This whole war on terror , and the wars in the Middle East , are based on it . ”
Do I think that the government gave us the whole truth about 9/11 ?
Of course not .
The CIA trained Osama bin Laden to fight the Soviets , the Bush and bin Laden families have been tied together in business dealings forever , and the administration has released barely any usable information about the attacks .
But I also think that the Truth movement people are looking backward , which wo n’t help them succeed in their mission .
Many people are quick to dismiss the Truth movement the second a Truther starts talking .
This is a mistake .
In many ways , Truthers represent a step forward , in part because of the high value they place on reason — nothing to sneeze at in a religious age .
Outside of the always - to - be- expected lunatic fringe , the majority of the Truthers I ’ve met have used clearheaded and civil discussion as their primary method of coercion , and it ’s worked remarkably well .
The problem is that many of the believers — like the ones who love Zeitgeist — have started to fall for spiritual hooey and Masonic bunkum .
There ’s a cult of coincidence just waiting to be born in the Truth movement that could prove to be every bit as awful and wrongheaded as any religion , but if the intelligent rationalists that I ’ve met can keep their wits about them , be reasonable , and stick to facts , they could become a very important force .
The awful truth , of course , is that we ’re all living in a huge conspiracy , and things are so ridiculous that we barely even think about it anymore .
We entered into the Iraq war under false pretenses .
Our government routinely spies on its citizens both inside and outside its borders , and runs secret courts with special rules .
We torture and kill civilians in other countries because we can .
I was surprised when I met some of Seattle ’s Truth groups because I was confronted by smart , sincere people with lots of information about the sad state of civil liberties and corporate control in the United States , people eager to inform other people about what ’s happening to our rights and using money out of their own pockets to do it .
People fighting , in other words , the single biggest sin in America : laziness .
The kind of pervasive laziness that can be found everywhere today — in our leaders , in our media , in ourselves .
They could do a lot better by dropping the arguments about the melting point of steel and whether or not planes actually did hit buildings .
What they already have in their hands is priceless :
In just a couple of years they ’ve created , from nothing , a truly democratic , highly visible grassroots framework for a new kind of peace and civil rights organization that could use that concept of “ civil informationing ” to bring about change .
It would require the movement to endorse some candidates , and make some compromises , but there comes a time in every adult ’s life when you ’ve got to get to work because it ’s time to stop pointing at the heavens and shouting “ Why ? ”
Reprinted from the Stranger ( Sept. 6 , 2007 ) , Seattle ’s weekly alternative arts and culture newspaper .
Subscriptions : $ 59.99 / yr. ( 52 issues ) from 1535 11th Ave. , 3rd Floor , Seattle , WA 98122 ; www.thestranger.com.
There are few subjects more timely than the one tackled by Susan Jacoby in her new book , “ The Age of American Unreason , ” in which she asserts that “ America is now ill with a powerful mutant strain of intertwined ignorance , anti-rationalism and anti-intellectualism . ”
For more than a decade there have been growing symptoms of this affliction , from fundamentalist assaults on the teaching of evolution to the Bush administration ’s willful disavowal of expert opinion on global warming and strategies for prosecuting the war in Iraq .
Conservatives have turned the term “ intellectual , ” like the term “ liberal , ” into a dirty word in politics ( even though neo - conservative intellectuals played a formative role in making the case for war against Iraq ) ; policy positions tend to get less attention than personality and tactics in the current presidential campaign ; and the democratizing influence of the Internet is working to banish expertise altogether , making everyone an authority on everything .
Traditional policy channels involving careful analysis and debate have been circumvented by the Bush White House in favor of bold , gut - level calls , and reasoned public discussions have increasingly given way to noisy partisan warfare among politicians , commentators and bloggers alike .
Meanwhile , studies show that American students are falling behind students from other developed countries in science and math , and that ignorance of basic civics class fundamentals , not to mention basic liberal arts concepts , is widespread .
Ms. Jacoby notes that two - thirds of Americans cannot name the three branches of government or come up with the name of a single Supreme Court justice .
She cites one survey finding that American 15 - year - olds rank 24th out of those from 29 countries in mathematical literacy , and another indicating that only 57 percent of adult Americans had read a nonfiction book in a year .
In “ American Unreason ” Ms. Jacoby , the author of earlier books like “ Freethinkers : A History of American Secularism , ” proposes to anatomize this dismaying phenomenon , while situating it in historical context .
Her book is smart , well researched and frequently cogent  particularly in looking at the causes of American anti-intellectualism , past and present  but just as often the material is overly familiar , blandly reprising arguments made by Richard Hofstadter in “ Anti-Intellectualism in American Life , ” by Neil Postman in “ Amusing Ourselves to Death , ” and other , more recent studies , while failing to pull these observations together into a coherent , new argument .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Daniella Zalcman ( cc )
Is that Tough Enough ?
Michael Collins
" Scoop " Independent News
Washington , D.C .
Last week , Hillary Clinton proved that reason is on holiday .
When asked how she would react to an Iranian nuclear attack on Israel , Clinton said that she would " obliterate " Iran .
She did n't say it in a rage .
She did n't say it in a state of nervous exhaustion .
She appeared calm and composed .
Her voice did n't waiver at all as she spoke these words on " Good Morning America : "
Well , the question was , if Iran were to launch a nuclear attack on Israel , what would our response be ?
I want the Iranians to know that if I am president , we will attack Iran .
And I want them to understand that .
Because it does mean that they have to look very carefully at their society .
Because whatever stage of development they might be in their nuclear weapons program , in the next 10 years during which they might foolishly consider launching an attack on Israel , we would be able to totally obliterate them .
Los Angeles Times Apr. 24 , 2008 YouTube ( at 2:29 )
For decades it 's been an unspoken rule that the president and others in key leadership positions avoid open threats of nuclear attack .
The United States and the Soviet Union both had enough nuclear weapons to destroy the world hundreds of times over .
This lead to a Cold War - a series of proxy wars and other encounters made necessary by the " mutually assured destruction " that would follow a serious exchange of nuclear weapons .
Yet Clinton told the Mullahs in charge of Iran to take a good look at their society since she 'd evaporate it if they launched a nuclear attack on Israel .
Iran does not have nuclear weapons now and may not until 2015 according to the November 2007 National Intelligence Estimate .
" We judge with high confidence that Iran will not be technically capable of producing and reprocessing enough plutonium for a weapon before about 2015 . "
National Intelligence Estimate Nov. 2007
What 's Her Point ?
Does Clinton want Iran to develop nuclear weapons ?
That may seem like an absurd question .
But it 's inspired by her threatening statement .
Iran had a nuclear weapons program , halted it , and now appears to be headed in that direction again .
Threatening to " obliterate them , " all 71 million Iranians , offers up ample incentive , along with propaganda cover , for the Mullahs in charge to move forward with these weapons of mass destruction .
Does Clinton want to protect Israel ?
Statements that prod the Iranians to move from reticence to action on any nuclear weapons development are not favorable to Israel in any conceivable way .
As far as protection goes , Israel has its own version of assured destruction .
Estimates of their nuclear stockpile range from 70 to 400 warheads .
That 's enough to " obliterate " Iran .
It 's a credible deterrence , it would seem , unless the Mullahs all want to die .
Clinton 's proposed response would simply entail bombing the rubble .
Does Clinton want to look " tough enough " to be President ?
What 's her standard ?
Have we had any presidents who threatened to totally obliterate any nation with or without nuclear weapons ?
The use of these weapons has been considered and even suggested on occasion , but it 's difficult to find threatening statements before the fact .
Clinton took it to a new level in this outburst .
On this specific question , President Bush was uncharacteristically restrained when Wolfe Blitzer asked how he'd respond if Israel were " attacked by the Iranians : "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
We may be compensated by advertising and affiliate programs .
See full disclosure below
There is a lot of talk about the looming recession , or maybe even a depression , that is due any day now .
If your financial situation is not that good , it is time to give it a tune - up in the event of an economic slowdown .
Based on my experience from the previous recessions and stock market crashes , there are definitely some steps you can take to prepare for a recession .
Here are 5 steps to help you prepare .
1. Practice Frugal and Debt - Free Living
I believe being frugal and avoiding debt is the basic foundation of financial success .
In general , the whole idea can be distilled down to these 5 tenets :
2. Bear - Proof Your Investment Portfolio
Over the years , I have come to believe that the best long - term investment strategy is to have a great Asset Allocation Plan and leverage a globally diversified investment portfolio consists of low - cost passively - managed ETFs that reflect your risk tolerance level and investment time horizon .
This is a strategy that Larry Swedroe advocates , and you can read it in his book : The Only Guide to a Winning Investment Strategy You ’ll Ever Need .
There are two main parts of this strategy :
Have an Asset Allocation Plan –
The plan should truthfully reflect your risk tolerance level and investment time horizon .
Make sure you can live with the worst - case scenario and that you wo n’t panic sell .
If this means moving your money to lower - risk investments , then do it .
Diversify — Spread your investment across different asset classes , sectors , countries , and diversify beyond equities .
There are also numerous tactics to prepare your portfolio for a crash and invest during market downturns .
3. Establish an Emergency Plan
If you lose your ability to generate income , do you have enough cash reserve to stay afloat ?
More importantly , do you have an emergency plan to keep you out of trouble ?
Here are some good articles to get you started :
4. Protect Your Job
For most people , their job is their biggest source of income .
During a recession , the chance of unemployment increases dramatically .
Fortunately , there are a few things that you could do to protect your job .
Networking —
If you have n’t done it already , this is a great time to start .
Get to know your peers and the higher - ups better .
Take on special projects that expose you to other people outside of your immediate workgroup .
Join caucus groups , industry groups , and associations .
— If you have n’t done it already , this is a great time to start .
Help your company increase profit and revenue
Help your company reduce expenses
Make sure your good work gets noticed
Expand your skillset —
Getting a new certification or skill can make one much more marketable .
5. Diversify and Grow Your Alternative Income Streams
Now that you all your bases covered , it ’s time to think about different ways to increase your income .
If you are reluctant to start building alternative income streams , I ’d like you to consider this statement carefully :
Your job is not going to be there forever .
You ca n’t work forever .
And you ca n’t retire until you figure out a way to replace income from your job .
Do n’t wait .
The best time to start building your alternative income streams is now .
Bottom Line
You cannot control the economy , but you can control your finances .
There are steps you can take to put you in a better position to withstand an economic crisis .
Regardless of the economy , these 5 steps contain responsible and sensible financial management strategies — something that should be practiced daily , and not only during an economic turmoil .
First released on August 12th , 1981 , the IBM Model 5150 was the world ’s first PC .
It came with a host of business and productivity tools , but only CGA graphics .
Fortunately , a modder hacked one of these 4.77MHz wonders ( 640 K RAM + 10 MB HDD ) to play full motion color video , running at 30 fps .
Video after the break .
Click here for pictures of the original machine .
( Thanks , Graham ! )
Hal Sawyer figures he knows just what is needed to deliver his precinct for Barack Obama in the gritty world of Philadelphia politics .
He has rigged up his Dodge Caravan with a loudspeaker so he can drive through his neighborhood in northwest Philadelphia urging people to come out to Obama events .
He has reams of contacts as a local committeeman , part of the city ’s entrenched Democratic Party machine .
So when Sawyer walked into an Obama campaign office and asked for a yard sign , the response took him aback .
They said they did n’t have any .
“ Then I tried to play the ‘ I ’m a Democratic committeeman ’ card and ‘ I need materials for my voters and stuff for election day . ’
And their response was nothing , zero .
‘ You ’re a what ? ’ ”
Advertisement
The mutual puzzlement underscores the culture clash within the coalition working to elect Obama here .
In the run-up to the Pennsylvania primary Tuesday , there is a deep divide over the best tactics to use in this city ’s quirky political culture .
On one side is the city ’s aging Democratic apparatus , a collection of pro-Obama ward leaders and committee people whose tools of persuasion are yard signs , campaign hats , buttons , stickers and “ street money ” -- cash handed out before the election to juice turnout .
On the other is the Obama campaign team , a network of young aides from out of state who eschew the traditional trappings of a campaign and think that elections turn on intangibles : grass - roots organization and an ever - expanding web of volunteers motivated by a deep belief in the candidate .
The Obama camp is n’t bent on planting signs in every yard .
Nor is it paying street money to party bosses in hopes that they ’ll get people to the polls .
Instead , the campaign wants to build an efficient and more loyal apparatus by enlisting volunteers who have one agenda : an Obama victory .
Advertisement
‘ A brand new approach ’
One hot spot in this uneasy alliance is a stretch of northwest Philadelphia that includes a section known as Germantown .
The area spans two wards and is home to 29,000 registered Democratic voters -- about 4 % of the citywide total .
A diverse part of the city , the neighborhood includes grand 19th century Victorian houses and abandoned row homes .
Although Democratic rival Hillary Rodham Clinton is ahead in statewide polls , this territory favors Obama .
Both wards endorsed him .
The only question on election day is how big the Obama vote will be .
Will voters turn out in numbers that pump up his margin in Philadelphia , helping him overcome Clinton ’s advantage in older , blue - collar parts of the state ?
The Obama campaign is betting that its get - out - the - vote operation , and the theory that underpins it , will prevail even in an older city like Philadelphia that still practices machine politics .
But the political leadership here is watching with dismay and growing resentment .
Advertisement
“ They have paid college kids coming to our community and trying to get us to volunteer -- for them , not with them , ” said Greg Paulmier , 49 , the neighborhood ward leader for the last 14 years .
“ We have a whole organization here .
In some respect they ’re trying to work with us , but they ’re working with us on their terms .
This is a brand new approach that I ’m not familiar with . ”
For the Obama campaign , the territory is under the control of a 19 - year - old college student , Max Stahl .
A Massachusetts native taking a year off from school , Stahl is committed to the Obama view of field work .
The ring tone on his cellphone is the John Lennon song “ Power to the People . ”
He sees his job as recruiting volunteers to do the hard and unglamorous work of getting Obama elected : knocking on doors in hopes of coaxing voters to the polls .
Standing outside the campaign office in Germantown , Stahl complained that Paulmier was n’t working hard enough for the candidate .
Advertisement
“ Greg ’s not making calls quick enough to committee people , ” Stahl told Sawyer on a recent afternoon .
“ He said he made ‘ a few . ’
I ’ll take that to mean zero . ”
Stahl , whose curly black hair sticks out from under an Obama baseball cap , has little use for the yard signs that many Philadelphians covet .
The real value in such swag is that it may entice people to volunteer .
One afternoon last week , a woman came into the Germantown office to pick up a couple of campaign buttons for her mother .
By the time she left , she had agreed to volunteer .
A man walked in , motorcycle helmet in hand , looking for a sticker to put on his bike .
Would he be willing to volunteer ?
( No , he said . )
Advertisement
Someone called the office and asked for a ticket to the Obama rally on Independence Mall .
The volunteers in the office replied that there was a “ preferred seating ” ticket available in exchange for -- volunteering .
“ If this were a yard sign primary , Hillary Clinton would have won South Carolina and Iowa big - time , ” said Stahl , dressed in a T - shirt , jeans and sweatshirt .
“ We ’re focused on different things .
We ’re focused on talking to people and getting them out to vote . ”
Trouble is , Philadelphians may like Obama , but they also like what a well - funded campaign can give .
Speaking of the young Obama workers , Sawyer said : “ To them , hats , yard signs and T - shirts are out of the Stone Age .
They ’re about the Internet , cellphones and BlackBerrys .
It ’s all digital , conceptual and theoretical .
But people here want stuff .
. . .
They want T - shirts and hats and buttons . ”
Advertisement
He points to an Obama button on his shirt .
“ They want these buttons ! ”
A mystifying move
And they want money .
For decades , candidates have passed money to city ward bosses , who in turn give it out to the committee people and party loyalists under their jurisdiction .
Called street money , it is used for any number of purposes .
In its most noble form , it reimburses people for gas , coffee or other legitimate expenses rung up on election day .
Advertisement
But even the system ’s proponents acknowledge the cash payouts are occasionally abused .
“ I bet in those neighborhoods where things are harder you ’ll find the street money does n’t get used the way it should be , ” said Dock Brown , 43 , a Democratic Party committeeman who lives in Germantown .
“ It just gets pocketed .
You ’ll find people working both campaigns trying to make as much money as they can . ”
The Obama campaign has told the local ward bosses they ’re not paying out street money this year , a position that has stirred criticism .
At a time when Obama is pulling in tens of millions of dollars in campaign money every month , the city ’s ward bosses are mystified .
They know he can afford it .
“ Maybe in other parts of the country you can come in and you have people who are not really into politics and they ’re excited about working for a candidate , but Philadelphia is not one of those places , ” said Betty Townes , a committeewoman from Germantown .
Advertisement
“ This is old - time politics here . ”
Breaking convention
Donna Reed Miller , a city councilwoman and a ward leader from northwest Philadelphia , said : “ There are many people who , because of poverty rates here in Philadelphia and unemployment rates , see election day as a way to make a few extra dollars .
And I do n’t see anything wrong with that .
When people read in the paper that you ’ve raised a lot of money , they ’re wondering why they ca n’t be paid on election day . ”
Ward leaders supporting Clinton said they had been told that her campaign , which is not as well funded , would pay a select number of local foot soldiers a fee for working election day .
Advertisement
Obama supporters think he should at least do the same .
But the campaign is digging in , on the theory that conventional rules of politics do n’t apply .
In Obama , they think they have the rare sort of candidate who can bring people to the polls without financial inducements .
Jeremy Bird , the campaign ’s Pennsylvania field director , said the campaign faced a similar predicament in South Carolina , a state that Obama won easily .
“ We always said that we ’re not going to do politics the way it ’s always been done because it ’s always been done that way , ” Bird said .
“ In South Carolina , the kind of politics that have always been done there -- give some money to ministers and to some people on election day -- to me is disempowering .
Why not build a real grass - roots [ model ] ? ”
With its tradition of street money and election day spoils , Philadelphia is posing perhaps the toughest test for the Obama field strategy .
Advertisement
Sawyer tells of driving around in his Dodge one day , using the loudspeakers strapped to the roof to recruit volunteers .
One person was interested but did n’t seem to get that volunteers do n’t get paid .
“ A guy yells at me : ‘ How much ? ’ ”
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
Is a bunch of cells just that : a bunch of cells , as scientists would have it , or is it , as the Catholic Church insists , a human being with a soul ?
It is the dispute that lies at the heart of the controversy over the Embryo Bill and it is as fundamental a difference of opinion as it is possible to imagine .
Gordon Brown performed a political climbdown yesterday and promised Labour MPs a free vote on the most emotive measures in the Bill , in effect throwing open the debate to the entire country .
It is a piece of legislation that challenges our deepest notion of what it is to be human and what it is right to sanction in the interests of scientific progress .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
MPs , in deciding how to cast their votes , will be taking soundings in their constituencies at the same time as consulting their consciences .
In doing so , they are certain to be harangued with views from both sides in the acrimonious debate .
The mammoth Bill is designed to update the 1990 regulatory framework for fertility treatment and embryo research in line with scientific advances and changes in public attitudes during the past 18 years .
At its heart lie three issues on which Mr Brown has now granted MPs a free vote , although Labour MPs will be required to back the Bill as a whole when it is voted on in principle at the third and final reading .
The specific issues are : allowing research into possibilities such as making sperm from bone marrow that might mean women could become " fathers " ; allowing the creation of " saviour siblings " ( babies created with the correct tissue match to treat a sick brother or sister ) ; and the creation of so - called hybrid animal / human embryos to aid stem cell research .
It is that last issue – the creation of hybrid embryos ( also called " admix " or " cybrid " embryos ) – that has angered senior members of the Catholic establishment who attacked the proposal in their sermons delivered over Easter .
Most outspoken was Cardinal Keith O'Brien , leader of the Scottish Catholic Church , who said : " This Bill represents a monstrous attack on human rights , human dignity and human life .
In some European countries , one could be jailed for doing what we intend to make legal .
It is difficult to imagine a single piece of legislation which more comprehensively attacks the sanctity and dignity of human life than this particular Bill .
" One might say that in our country we are about to have a public government endorsement of experiments of Frankenstein proportion – without many people really being aware of what is going on . "
The Anglican Bishop of Lichfield , the Right Rev Jonathan Gledhill , also attacked the Bill .
He said : " It 's a very important part of our society and a very important part of the Christian faith that you should have respect for human embryos .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" If you stop obeying God , you start to limit the rights of human beings and this is a case in point .
A society has to be judged by the way that it treats its poorest , most vulnerable and weakest .
And what can be weaker than an unborn child ? "
Cardinal O'Brien 's outburst drew a stinging rebuke from Lord Winston , the Labour peer and IVF pioneer , who accused him of deliberately misrepresenting the Bill .
" His statements are lying .
They are misleading and I am afraid that when the Church , for good motives , tells untruths , it brings discredit on itself , " he said .
Professor Colin Blakemore , former head of the Medical Research Council , expressed the same view in more moderate language .
" The Bill is not about creating monsters or mocking the sanctity of human life .
Indeed , it will reduce the number of human eggs and embryos used in the production of stem cells for research . "
That is the core of the scientific case for the creation of hybrids – it is a response to the shortage of human eggs available for research .
Extracting eggs from women is an invasive procedure that requires them to take powerful drugs to stimulate their ovaries and then undergo surgery to retrieve the eggs .
The procedure carries risks .
Most human eggs used for research are therefore obtained from women undergoing IVF , as a by - product of the treatment .
But women having IVF need their eggs first and foremost for treatment – hence the shortage of eggs available for research .
A decade ago , scientists found another source – animal eggs .
They discovered that by removing the nucleus from a cow or rabbit egg and replacing it with the nucleus from a human skin cell , they could create a hybrid embryo that would develop like a human one , from which stem cells could be grown .
The resulting embryo is 99.9 per cent human in genetic terms .
It would never be grown beyond a few days , and the stem cells would only be used in research .
But the potential benefits would be great , providing insights into diseases such as Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and motor neurone by producing stem cells containing genetic defects that contribute to those conditions .
The Association of Medical Research Charities , representing 223 organisations , said in a letter to MPs last week that the Bill " would allow new avenues of scientific inquiry to be pursued which could greatly increase our understanding of serious medical conditions affecting millions of people throughout the UK , and ultimately lead to new treatments " .
The Department of Health spelt out the restrictions set out in the Bill .
" There will be a limit of 14 days development of the embryo , and they can not be put in a woman or an animal .
This is not about ' creating monsters ' it is purely laboratory research aimed at increasing knowledge of serious diseases and treatments for them . "
In scientists ' eyes , the use of animal eggs is a practical answer to a practical problem but in the eyes of the Catholic Church , it is something else entirely – a monstrous creation that is an affront to human life and dignity .
Click here to have your say
Everyone knows hand washing is important .
But a new study shows how washing your hands often , and at the right time , can have a big impact on your family ’s risk for getting sick .
Most studies on hand washing focus on medical and food service workers .
But this month ’s American Journal of Infection Control focuses on washing hands at home as a way to stop infections from spreading .
Several studies show hands are the single most important transmission route for all types of infections .
Even though most people know to wash their hands after using the toilet or handling a diaper , studies suggest many people are still ending up with germs , particularly those spread by feces , on their hands after leaving the bathroom or caring for a baby .
One study looked in homes of infants recently vaccinated against polio .
After vaccination , the virus is known to shed in the baby ’s feces .
Researchers found the virus on 13 percent of bathroom , living room and kitchen surfaces .
While the virus from the vaccine did n’t pose a health risk , the study shows how feces - borne viruses can travel through the home .
Another study found that in homes where salmonella cases had been diagnosed , the bacteria were still lurking in toilet bowls three weeks after the outbreak .
Water splashing on the toilet seat was a source of contamination .
Doorknobs , bathroom faucets and toilet flush handles are key sources of germ transmission in the home .
That ’s why people should focus on cleaning such surfaces regularly and always wash hands after touching them .
In one study , a volunteer touched a door handle that had been contaminated with a virus .
He then shook hands with other volunteers , and further tests showed he had spread the virus to six people .
The study authors note that the timing of hand washing is key .
It ’s obvious to wash hands after using the toilet , after sneezing or before eating or handling food .
Other crucial times for hand washing are after changing a diaper or cleaning up after a pet , or after touching garbage cans , cleaning cloths , cutting boards , dish rags and utensils that may have come into contact with raw food .
While it may be hard to believe that something as simple as regular hand washing can make a difference in your family ’s health , consider what happened in Hong Kong during a 2003 outbreak of SARS , a severe and potentially deadly form of viral pneumonia .
The outbreak triggered extensive public and community health measures promoting basic hygiene , including regular hand washing .
Not only was the SARS outbreak contained , but other cases of respiratory illnesses , including the flu , dropped sharply .
Welcome to Gardening 101 !
Today we will cover the basics of growing a lush , healthy garden :
What tools you need to have ( and do n’t forget protective clothing ! )
you need to have ( and do n’t forget protective clothing ! )
What you need to learn about plants so you always take proper care of them
More and more people are choosing gardening as their hobby .
The reasons are many :
Technically , you ’re still in the comfort of your own home , but you ’re outside .
If you ’re not a fan of hiking or camping trips , but like nature , fresh air , and being in the sunlight , gardening is a perfect way to get all of that minus the fatigue .
gardening is a perfect way to get all of that minus the fatigue .
This is a hobby you can indulge in all year long .
You can grow fresh fruits and vegetables for you and your family .
Can you go more local than that ?
So , to get you started , let ’s see what tools you ca n’t do without .
How To Buy Garden Tools
When buying garden tools for the first time , you ’ll want to stick to two principles :
Make an investment into tools that will last ( this pays off long - term ) , but
Focus on the essentials
This means buying high - quality tools that can be used to help you with more than one task .
Garden Tools For Beginners
Here ’s a list of five tools you need to get started :
Hand rake : used for turning or smoothing soil , but you can also remove weeds with this handy tool
used for turning or smoothing soil , but you can also remove weeds with this handy tool Scissors and / or hand pruner : they are both used for pruning and snipping stray branches
they are both used for pruning and snipping stray branches
Bow rake : the hand rake ’s larger cousin , this tool will also help you with smoothing soil and clearing debris
the hand rake ’s larger cousin , this tool will also help you with smoothing soil and clearing debris Round - headed shovel : the go - to tool for digging
the go - to tool for digging Water hose : to water your garden efficiently
Remember , quality over quantity and you ’re ready to go !
A Word On Protective Clothing
It should go without saying you should protect yourself while spending a lot of time out in the sun .
As a gardener , you ’ll also spend a lot of time bending over and putting pressure on your joints .
You ’ll want to wear :
Protective gloves
Hat
Knee pad : use for kneeling on hard surfaces to protect your knees .
use for kneeling on hard surfaces to protect your knees .
Sunscreen : protect your face and neck with a broad spectrum UVA / UVB sunscreen to avoid the risk of sunburn and skin cancer .
What A Plant Needs
Generally speaking , every plant species is different and needs different conditions to thrive , but there are several things all plants need that are essential for their growth :
For some reason this story has not yet made the news in the U.S. :
On Monday , March 3 , the U.S. Navy fired a Tomahawk missile at a house in Somalia where they claimed an al Qaeda member , Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , wanted for questioning by the FBI for involvement in the African embassy bombings in 1998 , was hiding out .
CNN reported that 6 people , 3 women and 3 children , were killed and another 20 were injured .
Two houses were destroyed .
Now the Daily Nation out of Nairobi , Kenya , is reporting that Nabhan was not at the site at the time of the attack :
A US missile strike against the Somali town of Dobley may have missed its target â€ “ Kenyan terror suspect Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan . …
The Tomahawk missile fired from the sea may have hit when the suspect , born in 1968 in Mombasa , had already left the location , the sources added .
But the police are not ruling out that Mr Nabhan may be among the 20 people wounded in the attack .
Mr Nabhan is a close ally of another wanted terrorist suspect Harun Fazul , and are believed to be always together .
Other sources close to Mr Nabhan said they did not believe he was killed .
â€ œI think itâ€™s just propaganda to try and find out where he actually is , â€ said one source .
The current war in Somalia , a greater humanitarian catastrophe than even the crisis in the Darfur region of the Sudan , was started by the United States back in December , 2006 , in the name of catching 3 al Qaeda suspects .
The USS New York will be commissioned next year
The twin towers in New York were destroyed in the hijacked planes attack of 11 September 2001 .
Friends and families of 9/11 victims were among those at the ceremony for the new amphibious assault ship , the USS New York , in the base of Avondale .
The bow contains 7.5 tonnes of steel taken from Ground Zero .
It also bore a shield with two bars to symbolise the towers and a banner with the slogan Never Forget .
Hurricane Katrina
The wife of Deputy Defence Secretary Gordon England broke the champagne with the traditional salute of " May God bless this ship and all who sail on her " .
Mr England said the name of the ship would be a source of strength and inspiration to the crew .
In the US Navy , state names are normally reserved for submarines , but former New York Governor George Pataki had asked for the ship to carry the name .
During construction the ship also had to survive the onslaught of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The USS New York will be commissioned into service next year .
Lee Ielpi , president of the September 11th Families ' Association , told Associated Press : " We 're sending a message that we 're standing strong .
This ship , as it cuts through the water , is going to send a ripple .
That ripple will say , ' We cherish our freedom ' . "
After a polygamist sect took up residence outside this tiny ranch town a few years ago , the library stocked paperback , cassette and hardcover copies of “ Under the Banner of Heaven , ” an unsparing look at such groups that was suddenly in hot demand .
The local weekly newspaper devoted stories in nearly every edition to the outsiders .
And it posted online audio clips of the sect ’s self - styled prophet , Warren Jeffs , ranting in a creepy monotone about the Beatles being covert agents of a “ Negro race . ”
The people of Eldorado ( pronounced el - doh - RAY - do ) took in the sect ’s arrival with nervous anticipation -- because they understood that , unlike in Utah and Arizona , this would not last long in Texas .
Texas ’ aggressive raid this month -- in which state investigators took custody of more than 400 children , disclosed evidence that men were marrying girls at puberty , and discovered beds allegedly used for sex acts inside a towering temple -- is the most decisive action against the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in at least half a century .
Advertisement
Court papers released Friday showed that state investigators hauled off a cache of evidence from the polygamist compound that included marriage and birth records and what was cryptically described as a “ cyanide poisoning document . ”
Texas ’ raid contrasts sharply with the approaches of Arizona and Utah , which have looked the other way for decades while the FLDS put underage girls into “ spiritual marriages . ”
The 10,000 - member sect was founded in the 1930s by religious leaders who continued practicing polygamy after it was banned by the Mormon Church in 1890 .
“ God bless Texas , ” said Flora Jessop , an activist who escaped the FLDS at age 16 .
“ The state has done in days what Arizona and Utah failed to do in more than a century -- protect children . ”
Authorities in the sect ’s home states have recently taken more aggressive steps ;
Utah successfully prosecuted Jeffs last year for being an accomplice to rape after he arranged the marriage of a 14 - year - old girl to her cousin , and Jeffs awaits trial in Arizona on similar charges .
Advertisement
Utah and Arizona officials have long argued that polygamists are too entrenched in their states to simply stamp them out .
In Utah , Atty .
Gen. Mark Shurtleff ’s office has prosecuted polygamists for child abuse .
But it has never contemplated a full - scale raid like the one in Texas , spokesman Paul Murphy said .
“ Our approach has been , if there is child abuse in one family , we will deal with that family , ” Murphy said .
The office is trying to build trust in polygamist communities to report crimes such as underage marriage , Murphy added , but the Texas raids have sowed panic even in groups that practice polygamy only among consenting adults .
Texas Rangers stressed that they tried to respect the group ’s religious privacy while searching for a 16 - year - old girl who called a family shelter and claimed she was sexually abused by a man she was forced to marry at age 15 .
But after being refused a key to the compound ’s imposing temple , Texas Rangers forced their way inside -- and even applied Jaws of Life rescue tools to its doors -- as 57 men from the sect cried and prayed .
Advertisement
The girl , who claimed she gave birth eight months ago and was pregnant once again , has yet to be found .
“ You can worship what you want , think what you want .
But if you act to abuse girls sexually in Texas , we are going to take action , ” said Texas Child Protective Services spokesman Darrell Azar .
The only FLDS event that compares to the Texas action is the dramatic 1953 raid by Arizona state police and the U.S. National Guard on the community of Short Creek .
Authorities took about 400 residents -- the entire FLDS population at the time -- into custody and hauled away 236 children .
Emotional accounts of Short Creek children weeping while government agents stripped them from their mothers generated a backlash , and Arizona Gov. John Howard Pyle lost his job the next year , a lesson that influenced future Utah and Arizona politicians .
Advertisement
In Texas , however , the only criticism of the raid so far seems to be that it took too long to happen .
“ It should have been taken care of a long time ago , ” said Charmarie Swinford , 37 , a waitress at the Hitch ’n Post , an Eldorado restaurant that had one item on the lunch menu : hamburger .
“ I have a daughter who ’s 14 , and I just ca n’t . . . " she said , her voice trailing off .
Men from the sect first showed up in Eldorado , population 1,800 , in 2003 and said they were looking for a hunting retreat .
But soon after the men starting building up an exotic game ranch on the outskirts of town , it became clear that this was no hunter ’s lodge .
Advertisement
The YFZ Ranch , which stands for Yearning for Zion , became a bustling mini-city .
Sect members built dormitories , a cheese factory , a medical clinic and a concrete plant .
They gated off the entire 1,691 - acre compound and put up surveillance towers that were sometimes guarded by armed men .
But the most striking feature was a white temple rising stories high into the West Texas sky , built with masterly precision from limestone quarried on - site .
Schleicher County ’s justice of the peace began flying over the compound out of curiosity and spotted girls and women in long pioneer dresses seemingly out of the 19th century .
As residents read about the sect ’s history of sexual abuse , and the reports of “ lost boys ” exiled as teenagers to reduce competition for wives , pressure mounted for Sheriff David Doran to bust up the YFZ Ranch .
Advertisement
Doran moved cautiously , developing a dialogue with sect elder Merrill Jessop while also cultivating a “ confidential informant ” who told him about life inside the compound .
Meanwhile , a local legislator revised Texas ’ marriage law in 2005 to increase the minimum age from 14 to 16 , a measure clearly aimed at the sect .
Finally , on April 3 , after receiving the 16 - year - old girl ’s cries for help , authorities descended on the ranch in force .
They said their initial goal was to find the girl and her alleged abuser , Dale Barlow , 50 , who she claimed had recently beaten her so badly that she suffered broken ribs .
But once inside , Texas Rangers and child welfare officials said they came upon evidence of abuse too widespread to ignore .
According to an affidavit , investigators soon saw numerous underage girls who were pregnant , and interviewed others who told of entering into polygamist marriages as soon as they reached child - bearing age .
Advertisement
Another affidavit from a Texas Ranger described entering the temple and finding beds on a top floor , including one that had what looked to be a long strand of a female ’s hair .
Doran ’s informant had told him that the beds were used by men to have sex with their child brides .
Texas seized control of all 416 children on the ranch , arguing that none were safe in a communal climate where abuse seemed to be a part of everyday life .
As of Friday , most of the children were in limbo at Ft. Concho , an old Indian - fighting encampment and historic landmark in San Angelo , running and playing in their antiquated clothes .
--
Advertisement
miguel.bustillo@latimes.com
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
History of polygamist sect
The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints is a rogue offshoot of the Mormon Church , which has disavowed the sect .
Polygamy is a central FLDS tenet , and FLDS followers believe the Mormon Church was wrong to have banned it in 1890 .
Here ’s a brief history of the group and recent events involving its leader , Warren Jeffs , who is imprisoned :
1930s : The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints breaks from the Mormon Church .
2002 : Sect leader Rulon Jeffs dies and his son Warren becomes prophet , or leader , of the FLDS .
Advertisement
2003 : Warren Jeffs starts banishing “ unworthy ” men and boys from the church .
He reassigns wives and children to new husbands and fathers .
2005 : Jeffs goes into hiding after felony criminal charges are filed against him in Arizona for the alleged arrangement of marriages between underage girls and adult men .
2006 : In April , felony criminal charges are filed against Jeffs in Utah , accusing him of rape by accomplice in arranging a 2001 marriage between a 14 - year - old girl and her 19 - year - old cousin .
2007 : Jeffs is convicted and sentenced to two consecutive terms of five years to life in prison .
Advertisement
March 29 - 31 , 2008 : A 16 - year - old girl calls a domestic violence shelter and reports that she lives at the YFZ ( Yearning for Zion ) Ranch , an FLDS compound near Eldorado , Texas , and that she has been sexually and physically abused by her 49 - year - old husband .
April 3 : Texas police enter the YFZ compound and begin interviewing residents .
April 4 : Police begin removing children from the compound ; eventually , 416 children are removed and placed in state custody .
--
Advertisement
Sources : Associated Press , Texas Department of Family and Protective Services , Times reporting
When it comes to contemplating the state of our universe , the question likely most prevalent on people ’s minds is , “ Is anyone else like us out there ? ” 
The famous Drake Equation , even when worked out with fairly moderate numbers , seemingly suggests the probable amount of intelligent , communicating civilizations could be quite numerous .
But a new paper published by a scientist from the University of East Anglia suggests the odds of finding new life on other Earth - like planets are low , given the time it has taken for beings such as humans to evolve combined with the remaining life span of Earth .
Professor Andrew Watson says that structurally complex and intelligent life evolved relatively late on Earth , and in looking at the probability of the difficult and critical evolutionary steps that occurred in relation to the life span of Earth , provides an improved mathematical model for the evolution of intelligent life .
According to Watson , a limit to evolution is the habitability of Earth , and any other Earth - like planets , which will end as the sun brightens .
Solar models predict that the brightness of the sun is increasing , while temperature models suggest that because of this the future life span of Earth will be “ only ” about another billion years , a short time compared to the four billion years since life first appeared on the planet .
“ The Earth ’s biosphere is now in its old age and this has implications for our understanding of the likelihood of complex life and intelligence arising on any given planet , ”  said Watson .
Some scientists believe the extreme age of the universe and its vast number of stars suggests that if the Earth is typical , extraterrestrial life should be common .
Watson , however , believes the age of the universe is working against the odds .
“ At present , Earth is the only example we have of a planet with life , ”  he said .
“ If we learned the planet would be habitable for a set period and that we had evolved early in this period , then even with a sample of one , we ’d suspect that evolution from simple to complex and intelligent life was quite likely to occur .
By contrast , we now believe that we evolved late in the habitable period , and this suggests that our evolution is rather unlikely .
In fact , the timing of events is consistent with it being very rare indeed . ”
Watson , it seems , takes the Fermi Paradox to heart in his considerations .
The Fermi Paradox is the apparent contradiction between high estimates of the probability of the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations and the lack of evidence for , or contact with , such civilizations .
Watson suggests the number of evolutionary steps needed to create intelligent life , in the case of humans , is four .
These include the emergence of single - celled bacteria , complex cells , specialized cells allowing complex life forms , and intelligent life with an established language .
“ Complex life is separated from the simplest life forms by several very unlikely steps and therefore will be much less common .
Intelligence is one step further , so it is much less common still , ”  said Prof Watson .
Watson ’s model suggests an upper limit for the probability of each step occurring is 10 per cent or less , so the chances of intelligent life emerging is low — less than 0.01 per cent over four billion years .
Each step is independent of the other and can only take place after the previous steps in the sequence have occurred .
They tend to be evenly spaced through Earth ’s history and this is consistent with some of the major transitions identified in the evolution of life on Earth .
Here is more about the Drake Equation .
Here is more information about the Fermi Paradox .
Original News Source : University of East Anglia Press Release
He : Where ’s the butter ?
She : In the fridge .
He : I ’m looking exactly here and there ’s no butter .
She : It IS there , I put it to the fridge only ten minutes ago !
He : No , you must have stuck it somewhere else .
There ’s NO butter in this fridge !
For many this dialog will appear familiar .
After these words
She strides to the kitchen , pulls the fridge door and like with a wave of a wand takes out the butter - dish .
Inexperienced men find it a mean trick and blame women for hiding things from them .
Keys , underwear , socks , shoes – this all is here , men just ca n’t find it !
But why ca n’t they ?
The answer is hidden in our history .
Very long time ago , when our forefathers lived in caves and had a warm in the fire in the evenings , men had to leave every day and hunt for food for the family .
In order to see and follow the goal far off , the hunter needed the ability to see for long distances , everything else was set aside and did not draw away .
And Clever Nature took care of men already in those ancient times .
The field of the vision of the vast majority of men was formed like a tunnel : a man can see a plenty tight space , but far – and exactly this provides him the ability of hunting a distanced object .
In her turn a woman of those days stayed at home , took care of children and household and needed to have in view everything around in case of danger or threat to her descendants .
That ’s why the Nature programmed her in such a way , that if she looks at one object , she can also see everything around it within a radius of almost 180 degree .
This explains the fact that she can find a thing in the fridge or wardrobe much easier than a man , who has only about a 30 degree vision radius .
What he sees : “ Tunnel - like ” eyesight of men ( 30 degree radius )
What she sees : “ Broad ” eyesight of women ( 180 degree radius )
And this is why a man needs to turn his head right - left and up and down to find the “ vanished ” object .
An average woman needs only to take a look at the open fridge to have the full sight of everything there and to find the object in seconds .
By the way , the men ’s habit to gaze after beautiful women , which as often as not irritates and offends wives and girlfriends , is connected with these very particularities of men’s and women ’s eyesight .
In reality this does n’t mean women do n’t gaze after the nice men nearby – they also commit this sin , they just do n’t need to turn head or focus the eyesight at the object .
COLUMBUS , Ohio -
A new study challenges the common practice in many classrooms of teaching mathematical concepts by using " real - world , " concrete examples .
Researchers led by Jennifer Kaminski , researcher scientist at Ohio State University 's Center for Cognitive Science , found that college students who learned a mathematical concept with concrete examples could n't apply that knowledge to new situations .
But when students first learned the concept with abstract symbols , they were much more likely to transfer that knowledge , according to the study published in the April 25 issue of the journal Science .
" These findings cast doubt on a long - standing belief in education , " said Vladimir Sloutsky , co-author of the study and professor of psychology and human development and the director of the Center for Cognitive Science at Ohio State .
" The belief in using concrete examples is very deeply ingrained , and has n't been questioned or tested . "
Kaminski and Sloutsky conducted the study with Andrew Heckler , assistant professor of physics at Ohio State .
Teachers often use real - world examples in math class , the researchers said .
In some classrooms , for example , teachers may explain probability by pulling a marble out of a bag of red and blue marbles and determining how likely it will be one color or the other .
But students may learn better if teachers explain the concept as the probability of choosing one of n things from a larger set of m things , Kaminski said .
The issue can also be seen in the story problems that math students are often given , she explained .
For example , there is the classic problem of two trains that leave different cities heading toward each other at different speeds .
Students are asked to figure out when the two trains will meet .
" The danger with teaching using this example is that many students only learn how to solve the problem with the trains , " Kaminski said .
" If students are later given a problem using the same mathematical principles , but about rising water levels instead of trains , that knowledge just does n't seem to transfer , " she said .
" It is very difficult to extract mathematical principles from story problems , " Sloutsky added .
" Story problems could be an incredible instrument for testing what was learned .
But they are bad instruments for teaching . "
In the research presented in Science , the researchers did several separate experiments that examined how well undergraduate students learned a simple mathematical concept under different conditions .
The concept involved basic mathematical properties such as commutativity and associativity - the fact that you can change the order of elements without changing the results .
For instance , 3+2 and 2+3 both equal 5 .
In the various experiments , some students learned these principles using generic symbols , in which combinations of two or more symbols resulted in a predictable resulting symbol .
Others were presented with one or more concrete examples that involved this same concept .
In one concrete example , students viewed three images of measuring cups with varying levels of liquid .
Participants were told they needed to determine the remaining amount when different cups of liquid were combined .
Two other concrete examples were used in various experiments - one involving how many slices of pizza in a pizza pie were overcooked , and one involving how many tennis balls were in a container .
After learning this math concept using the concrete examples or abstract , generic symbols , the students took a multiple - choice quiz demonstrating that they learned the principles involved .
And in all cases , the study showed that most undergraduate students picked up the knowledge easily .
However , the true test came later when the researchers asked these students to apply the same principles in a totally different setting , which was described to them as a children 's game from another country .
The rules of this game followed the principles which they had just learned .
The researchers calculated how well the participants did on a multiple choice test involving the rules of that children 's game .
In the first experiment , involving 80 students , some participants were given one concrete example before testing on the children 's game , while some were given two or three examples .
One group only learned the generic symbols .
When tested on the children 's game , the group that learned the generic symbols got nearly 80 percent of the questions right .
Those who learned one , two or even three concrete examples did no better than chance in selecting the right answers .
" They were just guessing , " Kaminski said .
In a second experiment , the researchers gave 20 participants two concrete examples and explained how they were alike .
Surprisingly , this still did not help students apply the concept any better and they still did no better than chance when tested later about the game .
In a third experiment , the researchers presented 20 students with two concrete examples and then asked them to compare the two examples and write down any similarities they saw .
After this experiment , about 44 percent of the students performed well on the test concerning the children 's game , while the remainder still did not perform better than chance .
This suggests that only some students , not all , benefit from direct comparison of learned concrete examples .
Finally , in a fourth experiment involving 40 students , some learned the concrete example first followed by the generic symbols , while others learned only the generic symbols .
The thought here was that the concrete example would engage the students in the learning process while the generic symbols would promote transfer of that knowledge .
But even in this experiment , students who learned only the generic symbols performed better on subsequent testing than those who learned the concept using the concrete example and then the generic symbols .
The authors said that students seem to learn concepts quickly when they are presented with familiar real objects such as marbles or containers of liquid , and so it is easy to see why many advocate this approach .
" But it turns out there is no true insight there .
They can't move beyond these real objects to apply that knowledge , " said Sloutsky .
The problem may be that extraneous information about marbles or containers might divert attention from the real mathematics behind it all , according to Kaminski .
" We really need to strip these concepts down to very symbolic representations such as variables and numbers , " she said .
" Then students are better prepared to apply those concepts in a variety of situations .
The authors said they doubt this paper will end the debate over approaches to teaching mathematics , but they hope it will generate interest into systematic examination of which ways of teaching mathematics are most effective .
###
Contact : Jennifer Kaminski , ( 614 ) 247-8287 ; Kaminski.16@osu.edu
Vladimir Sloutsky ( 614 ) 292-7594 ; Sloutsky.1@osu.edu
Written by Jeff Grabmeier , ( 614 ) 292-8457 ; Grabmeier.1@osu.edu
A while back , Kirk wrote an article called “ Prepare for the Worst : 4 Simple Digital Media Backup Solutions . ”
One of the options was the digital Music Locker at MP3tunes , where you could upload your music and store it , secure and password - protected .
This is not file - sharing .
File - sharing is , of course , the digital equivalent of what music fans have been doing since the dawn of time : turning other people on to music they love .
This is really the exact opposite : it is more akin to locking your music in a safe deposit vault , where only you have the key .
Apparently , EMI did n’t think so , and sued MP3tunes , essentially trying to shut down online storage of music for any purpose whatsoever .
This , is of course , akin to the RIAA claim that ripping your own CDs for your own purposes ( which I just did this morning , because I wanted to listen to the Replacements reissues on my iPod ) is illegal , depending on which folder the .mp3z end up in .
As MP3tunes Michael Robertson points out in his blog , there are there are a lot of issues involved with this that go right to the heart of what exactly ownership is in the digital age :
Much is at stake — if you do n’t have the right to store your own music online then you wo n’t have the right to store ebooks , videos and other digital products as well .
The notion of ownership in the 21st century will evaporate .
The idea of ownership is important to me and I want to make sure I have that right and my kids do too .
But I just want to specifically highlight one of the issues surrounding this , which was part of EMI ’s original set of demands .
In their initial action , EMI demanded that Mp3tunes hand over copies of everything that had been stored by MP3tunes ’ users .
Millions and millions of files of music .
This goes not just to the blind arrogance of EMI , but also their hypocrisy .
Even if EMI was absolutely 100 % correct in saying that any music released via EMI should always be totally and utterly controlled by EMI as opposed to the purchaser of the music , what about all of the songs in all of those collections that are n’t EMI songs ?
You know , the songs that — by EMI ’s own apparent assertion — are fully controlled by Sony or Universal or other evil entities ?
I ’m neither a legal expert , nor do I play one on TV , but If EMI is correct in this , are n’t they then demanding that MP3tunes break the law by handing over these files ?
Is n’t EMI , by their own reckoning , trying to steal music that belongs to other companies ?
And if they are wrong — which I , of course , think that they are — then they are doing something even worse : trying to steal people ’s personal property .
If you have music stored at MP3tunes , your personal property .
It ’s no different than if they walked into Wells Fargo and said : “ hey , we think that there might be a Coldplay CD that somebody bought or borrowed in one of your safe deposit vaults , so we ’ll need to see the contents of all of them . ”
Luckily , a judge threw this transparent act of theft right out of court .
Series on Blogging with LaTeX
This is the 2nd post in the series .
Previous one :
This series shows my first experiences with using the mathematical expressions handling tools provided by WordPress for blogging .
They use a version of the LaTeX syntax .
Many of the examples shown here were adapted from the Wikipedia article Displaying a formula , which is actually about formulas in Math Markup .
.
Accents – Diacritics
Examples on how to put accents in mathematical expressions :
\acute{a} \grave{a} \hat {a} \tilde{a} \breve{a}
\check{a} \bar{a} \ddot{a} \dot{a}
x ’ , y ”
.
Superscript and subscript
How to display subscripts and superscripts , indexes and exponents :
Subscripts :
a_i gives
gives b_{ij} gives
gives C_{m , n} gives
gives \delta_{j+k} gives
Superscripts :
x^y gives
gives a^{ j2 \pi} gives
gives x ^2_3 gives
gives C^k_{\mu ,
u} gives
Composition with preceding indexes : {}_1^2 \ Psi_3 ^4 gives
.
Underlines , overlines and stackings
Includes vectors
\hat a \ \bar b \ \vec c
\overrightarrow{a b} \ \overleftarrow{c d} \ \widehat{d e f}
\overline{g h i} \ \underline{j k l}
\overbrace { 1+2+\cdots+100 }^{5050}
\underbrace { a+b+\cdots+z }_{26}
A \xleftarrow{n+ \mu -1} B \xrightarrow [ T ] {n\pm i- 1} C
\overset{\alpha}{\omega} \underset{\mu}{
u} \overset{\beta}{\underset{\Delta}{\tau}} \stackrel{\zeta}{\eta}
.
Sets
Sets operations and related symbols .
\in
i
otin \varnothing \complement
\subset \subseteq \subsetneq \supset \supseteq \supsetneq
\cap \bigcap \cup \bigcup
\ell \mho \ Finv \ Re \ Im \wp
Others – examples using the calligraphic font ( \cal ) and the Greek font for designating sets :
{\cal
A} \setminus {\cal
B} gives
\ Omega \smallsetminus \omega gives
.
Logic
Logical operators and relations :
\ forall \exists
exists \bar {A} \mid
\ And \wedge \vee
eg \to \gets \iff
\bigwedge \bigvee \diamond \lozenge
\vdash \ Vdash \vDash \ Vvdash \models \dashv
Examples :
\ forall p , q \ , \exists q \mid \bar{q} \to p gives
gives \bigwedge _{x \in
A} gives
gives \bigwedge \limits _{x
otin
A} gives
gives \bar {A \vee B} = \bar {A} \wedge \bar {B} gives
gives A \iff B = A \to B \wedge A \gets B gives
gives \bigcap \limits _{i=1}^n \bigcup \limits _{j=1}^n {\cal B}_{i , j} gives
Obs – the statement \limits shown in the examples above puts the indexes exactly above and / or below the symbol .
In the first example , \ , is used to put an extra space . .
Operators
Several types of operators :
+ \oplus \bigoplus \pm \mp –
\times \otimes \bigotimes \cdot \circ \bullet \bigodot
\star * / \div \ frac{1}{2}
\sqrt{2} \ sqrt[ n]{x}
abla \partial x \dot x \ddot y
Examples :
\rho = \sqrt{x ^2 + y^2} gives
abla \phi ( x , y ) = \frac{ \partial \phi}{ \partial x} + \ frac{ \partial \phi}{ \partial y} gives
abla ^2 \phi ( x , y ) = \ frac{ \partial ^2 \phi}{ \partial x^2} + \ frac{ \partial ^2 \phi}{ \partial y^2} gives
\ frac{ \partial ^2 \phi}{ \partial x \partial y} = \ frac{ \partial ^2 \phi}{ \partial y \partial x} gives
.
Relations and definitions
To specify relations , mappings and definitions
\sim \approx \simeq \cong \dot =
< > \le \ge \ll \gg
\lessgtr \lesseqgtr \lesseqqgtr
\equiv
ot\equiv
e \propto
\mapsto \longmapsto
.
Geometric
Geometric symbols
\circ \bigcirc \ Diamond \ Box \triangle
\vartriangle \triangledown \triangleleft \triangleright \vartriangleright \vartriangleleft
\angle \sphericalangle \measuredangle 45 ^\circ
\perp \mid
mid \| \asymp \parallel
.
Arrows
Some more frequent types of arrows ( there are many more – see in Wikipedia article )
\leftarrow \rightarrow \leftrightarrow \ Leftarrow \ Rightarrow \ Leftrightarrow
\leftarrow \gets \rightarrow \to
ot \to \leftrightarrow \longleftarrow \longrightarrow
\rightleftharpoons \leftleftarrows \leftrightarrows \ Lleftarrow \leftarrowtail
\uparrow \downarrow \updownarrow \ Uparrow \ Downarrow \ Updownarrow
.
Special symbols
Some special symbols .
There are many more in Wikipedia article
\ S \P \ % \dagger \ddagger \ldots \cdots
\smile \ frown \wr \triangleleft \triangleright \infty \bot \top
\imath \hbar \jmath \surd \ast \amalg \ therefore \backepsilon \sharp
.
Summations , Integrals and Products
Several cases , including limits , sequences and series .
Notice in the examples below that when you want to put the limits with the same vertical alignment of the math symbol , you must use the \limits declaration .
Otherwise , the limits will be put ahead of the symbol .
\lim \limits_{n \ to \infty}x_n
\lim _{n \to \infty}x_n
\sum_{k=1} ^N k^2
\sum \limits_{k=1}^N k^2
\prod_{i=1} ^N x_i
\prod \limits_{i=1} ^N x_i
\coprod_{i=1} ^N x_i
\coprod \limits_{i=1} ^N x_i
\int_{ - N} ^{N} e^x\ , dx
\int \limits _{- N} ^{N} e^x\ , dx
\iint_ {D}^{W} \ , dx\,dy
\iiint_{E}^{V} \ , dx\ , dy\ , dz
\iiiint_ {F}^{U} \ , dx\ , dy\ , dz\ , dt
\oint_{C} x^3\ , dx + 4y ^2\ , dy
Obs – the declaration \ , in the above integrals puts extra spaces between consecutive letters .
See more about alignement on this post : LaTeX – Fine - tunning and some extras .
.
Binomials
Binomials only .
For matrices , see next post .
\binom{n}{p} = \ frac{n!}{p !( n - p ) !}
Battle of the Beards Eccentrics Face off in Facial Hair Competition
Weird and wonderful moustaches and beards were on display at an international contest in Germany this weekend .
Over 100 hairy creations battled it out for the competition 's top prizes .
Casting doubt on the benefit of low - calorie sweeteners , research released Sunday reported that rats on diets containing saccharin gained more weight than rats given sugary food .
The study in the journal Behavioral Neuroscience found that the calorie - free artificial sweetener appeared to break the physiological connection between sweet tastes and calories , driving the rats to overeat .
Lyn M. Steffen , an associate professor of epidemiology at the University of Minnesota , who was not involved in the latest report , said the study offered a possible explanation for the unexpected association between obesity and diet soda found in recent human studies .
Researchers have puzzled over whether diet soda is a marker for poor eating habits or diet soda ingredients cause people to put on pounds , she said .
“ This rat study suggests a component of the artificial sweetener may be responsible for the weight gain . ”
Advertisement
Steffen ’s own recent research has shown that people who drink diet soda have a higher risk of developing metabolic syndrome -- a cluster of symptoms including obesity -- than do people who drink regular soda .
Her research was published last month in the American Heart Assn.'s journal Circulation .
An industry group rejected Sunday ’s report .
“ The causes of obesity are multifactorial , ” said a statement by Beth Hubrich , a dietitian with the Calorie Control Council , which represents low - and reduced - calorie food and beverage marketers .
“ Although surveys have shown that there has been an increase in the use of ‘ sugar - free ’ foods over the years , portion sizes of foods have also increased , physical activity has decreased and overall calorie intake has increased . ”
The number of Americans who consume soda , yogurt and other products containing sugar - free sweeteners more than doubled to 160 million in 2000 from fewer than 70 million in 1987 , according to the report .
Over the same period , the incidence of obesity among U.S. adults rose to 30 % from 15 % .
Advertisement
One interpretation of the trends is that people have been turning to lower - calorie foods to control an increasing problem with weight gain .
An alternative interpretation is that artificial sweeteners lead to biological or behavioral changes that cause people to eat more .
This possibility is easier to test in rats than in people because scientists can control the animals ’ diets and measure exactly what they eat , said the study ’s lead author , Susan E. Swithers , an associate professor of psychological sciences at Purdue University in Indiana .
In the experiment , funded by the National Institutes of Health and by Purdue , nine rats received yogurt sweetened with saccharin and eight rats received yogurt sweetened with glucose , which is close in composition to table sugar .
After receiving their yogurt snack , the animals were given their usual chow .
At the end of five weeks , rats that had been fed sugar - free yogurt gained an average of 88 grams , compared with 72 grams for rats that dined on glucose - sweetened yogurt , a difference of about 20 % .
Rats fed sugar - free yogurt were consuming more calories and had 5 % more body fat .
Advertisement
In a related experiment , scientists gave the two groups of rats a sugary drink and measured changes in the animals ’ body temperatures .
Body temperatures typically rise after a meal because it takes energy to digest food .
The rats in the saccharin group experienced a smaller average temperature increase , scientists said -- a sign that regular consumption of artificial sweeteners had blunted their body ’s response to sweet foods , making it harder for the animals to burn off their extra calories .
Swithers said that normally , sweet tastes signal that the body is about to receive a lot of calories , and the digestive system prepares to react .
When sweet tastes are n’t followed by lots of calories , as in the case of artificial sweeteners , the body becomes conditioned against a strong response .
Although the experiment looked only at saccharin , other artificial sweeteners may have the same effect , Swithers said .
Advertisement
A controlled study is needed to determine whether sweeteners have the same effect in people as in rats , she said , but some epidemiological studies have been consistent with her findings .
Swithers ’ next step , she said , will be to determine whether dietary changes could reverse the rats ’ physiological responses .
Adam Drewnowski , director of the nutrition sciences program at the University of Washington , cautioned against interpreting the results broadly .
“ It is unreasonable to claim that results obtained studying saccharin in rats translate to every sweetener in humans , ” said Drewnowski , who has received research funding from the beverage industry in the past .
Advertisement
He added : “ We now have studies showing that sugar calories are associated with obesity and the absence of sugar is associated with obesity .
Pity those people trying to do something about obesity . ”
denise.gellene@latimes.com
I had to share this !
If you can't read the above , here 's the text :
1943 Guide to Hiring Women
The following is an excerpt from the July 1943 issue of Transportation Magazine .
This was written for male supervisors of women in the work force during World War II .
" Eleven Tips on Getting More Efficiency Out of Women Employees :
There 's no longer any question whether transit companies should hire women for jobs formerly held by men .
The draft and manpower shortage has settled that point .
The important things now are to select the most efficient women available and how to use them to the best advantage .
Here are eleven helpful tips on the subject from Western Properties :
1. Pick young married women .
They usually have more of a sense of responsibility than their unmarried sisters , they 're less likely to be flirtatious , they need the work or they would n't be doing it , they still have the pep and interest to work hard and to deal with the public efficiently .
2 . When you have to use older women , try to get ones who have worked outside the home at some time in their lives .
Older women who have never contacted the public have a hard time adapting themselves and are inclined to be cantankerous and fussy .
It 's always well to impress upon older women the importance of friendliness and courtesy .
3. General experience indicates that " husky " girls - those who are just a little on the heavy side - are more even tempered and efficient than their underweight sisters .
4. Retain a physician to give each woman you hire a special physical examination - one covering female conditions .
This step not only protects the property against the possibilities of lawsuit , but reveals whether the employee - to - be has any female weaknesses which would make her mentally or physically unfit for the job .
5 . Stress at the outset the importance of time the fact that a minute or two lost here and there makes serious inroads on schedules .
Until this point is gotten across , service is likely to be slowed up .
6 . Give the female employee a definite day - long schedule of duties so that they 'll keep busy without bothering the management for instructions every few minutes .
Numerous properties say that women make excellent workers when they have their jobs cut out for them , but that they lack initiative in finding work themselves .
7 . Whenever possible , let the inside employee change from one job to another at some time during the day .
Women are inclined to be less nervous and happier with change .
8 . Give every girl an adequate number of rest periods during the day .
You have to make some allowances for feminine psychology .
A girl has more confidence and is more efficient if she can keep her hair tidied , apply fresh lipstick and wash her hands several times a day .
9 . Be tactful when issuing instructions or in making criticisms .
Women are often sensitive ; they can't shrug off harsh words the way men do .
Never ridicule a woman - it breaks her spirit and cuts off her efficiency .
10 .
Be reasonably considerate about using strong language around women .
Even though a girl 's husband or father may swear vociferously , she 'll grow to dislike a place of business where she hears too much of this .
11 . Get enough size variety in operator 's uniforms so that each girl can have a proper fit .
This point can't be stressed too much in keeping women happy . "
If you'd be interesting in subscribing to my blog and receiving it by e-mail , just click Subscribe to Contrariwise ramblings by Email .
May I just start this morning by saying that earaches are cunts ?
Thank you .
As expected Alex Hleb admitted his charge of violent conduct and now misses the final three games of the season .
A chance for someone else to shine , perhaps .
While second is still a remote possibility there ’s no chance of us finishing outside the Champions League places , so maybe we might see a little promotion of youth for the run in .
With the boss set to blood Fabianski in goal what ’s to say he wo n’t give players like Barazite or Nordtveit a game here and there ( the latter hoping he can be the man to solve Arsenal defensive problems next season , the majority , with the greatest of respect to the lad , hoping we ’re not reliant on a 17 year old ) .
The boss has laid out his transfer plans for the summer .
The main target is to keep everyone together and then add to the squad .
So when some of them leave it kind of puts those plans up in the air , does n’t it ?
We know who the players in doubt are , we ’ve spoken about them enough .
The manager was prickly at suggestions he does n’t know what he ’s doing , ca n’t blame him for that .
I think he knows exactly what he ’s doing – whether what he ’s doing is 100 % correct is the question .
Speaking of transfer targets though the boss said :
Who we will buy in the summer is not decided yet , but I have players in mind .
We have lists which we keep up to date , player number one , two , three or four in the positions were we look for – and you go of course for the number one .
There is money there but not as much as I read in the newspapers .
So talk of a Â £ 70 m warchest is fairly ludicrous .
And the idea of Arsene Wenger actually spending Â£ 70 m if he had it even more so .
Anyway , I think it ’s too early to start talking about the summer and the transfer market , we really do have to see what ’s what with the likes of Flamini , Hleb , Gilberto and co before we can make any sensible analysis of our needs .
Kolo
Toure says Arsenal were n’t calm enough to win the league this season and that we lost our minds a bit .
None more so than captain William Gallas after the Birmingham game .
According to Kolo :
I think he has been really good for us for us at the start of the season .
And then after this Birmingham game he made a mistake , he knows that , and we all tried to bring him back to the team and he came back to the team well .
But when you make a mistake it is difficult after that and I think it is not only that , we can think it was a really important part of our season .
Interesting choice of words those .
He was good ‘ at the start of the season ’ , ‘ we all tried to bring him back to the team ’ , ‘ it was a really important part of our season ’ .
Fact is when the chips were down so was Gallas .
I think our poor run of form had nothing to do with the FA Cup game at United but coincided with the captain of the football club ’s histrionics and selfishness at Birmingham .
How can a group of players look at their captain storm off , refuse to help defend a penalty then sit on the pitch and blub like a baby and not be affected by it ?
I know there were strange circumstances at the time , but every player had witnessed Eduardo ’s injury , every player felt for Bacary Sagna after his tragic loss , every player knew it was n’t a penalty against Clichy , only one player threw a hissy - fit and made himself and Arsenal look like idiots .
It ’s times like that you need your leaders to stand up and be counted , to rouse their troops , to gee everyone up , get things going on .
It ’s telling that Toure talks about them having to try and bring Gallas back .
I ca n’t imagine Tony Adams sitting on a football pitch crying in similar circumstances , I ca n’t imagine Patrick Vieira refusing to defend a penalty .
I do n’t think Gallas is any kind of leader .
I can fully accept that Gallas did good things for us this season .
He led the team well in the first half , at least , but then this was a team with momentum , without pressure , playing really well and with lots of belief and confidence .
The measure of your captain though comes when things turn , when times are hard and players need someone to lead them into battle .
We needed Gallas to do that after the Birmingham game , instead he sat down and cried .
For a young and relatively inexperienced side that ’s hardly inspirational , is it ?
Is then any surprise that results suffered after this ?
The players appeared shellshocked post -Birmingham .
I ’m sure seeing a teammate so badly injured was part of it but I ’m also sure seeing the captain of the club throw a tantrum like that had an effect too .
There were stories after the game that senior players ( Gilberto , Flamini and Adebayor ) had confronted Gallas about his behaviour , dressing room strife , losing respect for your captain , these are things that can upset the fine balance in a team .
So for me that ’s why the Gallas experiment has failed .
He had a chance to prove himself as a captain , he failed to take it .
It affected the team badly at a crucial point of the season and it affected him as a player too , his form dipping along with the team’s .
Let someone else do it next season and let Gallas concentrate on playing football – something he is very good at , let ’s not forget .
Tomas Rosicky talks about his injury .
Apparently it ’s getting slightly better but I know that there are still serious concerns over him and his ability to recover .
That ’s just about it .
I ’m off to neck some more painkillers , stupid ears .
I bet Vincent van Gogh never got earaches .
Till tomorrow .
Is that a woman or a 12 - year old drinking beer ?
I do n’t know , but they ’re happy about it .
Denmark has recently emerged as the world ’s happiest country , beating out Bhutan , the long - time favorite of anthropologists everywhere .
The birthplace of LEGO–a contraction of leg godt or “ play well ” –offers even the first time visitor an incredible sense of hygglige : amiable cosiness .
“ I remember you mentioned in your book , ” my Danish editor said over lunch in Copenhagen two weeks ago , “ that you had a big head . ” I do have a huge head .
I took a bite of delicious Esrom cheese and nodded for her to continue , keeping one eye on the wienerbrød .
“ But you do n’t have a huge head .
You just have a healthy , normal - sized Danish head . ” I smiled –home at last .
Even if you do n’t have a Danish bloodline like I do , there are some good reasons to visit Copenhagen , the capital of the world ’s happiest country …
The First Published Map of World Happiness : the US ranks 23rd , the UK 41st , and Japan and France at 90th and 62nd respectively .
Here are just 6 of them :
1. More than 80 % of the Danes speak English .
English movies are almost never dubbed in Denmark .
Combined with excellent free education , this results in a high % of Danes speaking more pleasant English than the average Brit or American .
“ OK , I ’ll see you for dinner at 6 pm then , ” I said to one friend named Christopher over the phone .
“ You shall .
Have a nice evening and see you soon , ” he responded .
Did I just get out - Englished by a non-native speaker ?
I felt like a TOEFL student .
You ’re more likely to have communication problems in the bayou of Louisiana or in a pub in Manchester than you are in Copenhagen .
2. Christiania–the anarchist state of Scandinavia .
In 1971 , a 101 - acre site formerly used for army barracks was effectively seized and converted by hippies into “ The Free State of Christiania . ”
They hotwired themselves into the power grid , created their own form of goverment , as well as a rich community of shops , schools , recycling programs , and most things you would associate with a normal township–but they claimed sovereignty and paid no taxes .
It became a haven for artists , alternatives , and soft drug dealing , among other things , and the Danish government –though allowing Christiania to exist as a proclaimed “ social experiment ” –has been trying to shut them down for more than 35 years .
In 1991 , the appointed powers within the anarchist state agreed to pay rent and cover the costs of water and electricity .
I spent a late night wandering through the beautifully painted historical buildings of Christiania , ultimately ending up with two friends at The Woodstock Cafe , where we drank organic beer and met interesting vagabonds from all over the world .
Dogs played outside among the metal barrels , which glowed like jack - o- lanterns from the flames inside them , producing surreal shadows on the graffiti all around us .
It was incredible .
Most Danes agree that Christiania ’s days are numbered .
It ’s an anachronism that has somehow survived every attempt to demolish it , but it ’s nine lives will soon be up .
Get there before it ’s gone .
3 . Danes pair food and wine better than most Italians or French .
That ’s a strong statement , but I was amazed at how precisely , and insistently , most decent restaurants paired courses with wine .
Restaurant Saa Hvidt , featuring young culinary superstar Frederik Hvidt , offers a prix fixe 5 - course meal with five separate wines for each tapas - like dish .
Incredible and unlike anything I ’ve had in more than 30 other countries .
Danish cheese is also the best I ’ve ever had .
For a taste of real home - cooked Danish food , eat with a local family for about 400 DKK through the Dine with the Danes program .
5 small courses and 5 delicious wines at Saa Hvidt , with the good people from Borgen .
4 . The people are beautiful but seem unaware of the fact .
As Bill Bryson once observed : you could cast a Pepsi commercial here in 15 seconds .
Right up there with Argentina , Denmark has a jaw - dropping number of gorgeous people .
The truly beautiful part , and unusual differentiator , is that appear blissfully unaware of the fact .
There is little LA - style pretension unless you go to a social climber magnet like Club NASA , which helps to pull the mirror gazers off the streets .
Go in the spring or summer and there is no need for catwalks –the sidewalks at Nyhavn are good enough .
For those feeling the club or lounge itch , Vega and JazzHouse are hard to beat .
5 . Danish design is incredible to experience , even for non-designers .
“ It does n’t cost money to light a room correctly , but it does require culture . ”
This quote from Poul Henningsen , encapsulates the beauty of Danish design minimalism .
Much like in Japanese design , form follows function , and half of the time I found myself in a great mood in Copenhagen , I realized it was due to the planned passage of sunlight in Danish architecture , as well as their understanding of interior lighting intensity and placement .
Bigger is not better , as is so often the case in the US , and the tallest building in Copenhagen is a modest 358 feet .
From the sleek silverware of 2001 : A Space Odyssey to the most famous chairs in the design world , the Danes have a functional and pleasant feast for the eyes almost anywhere you go , whether the renowned Louisiana museum or your hotel lobby .
6. Bite - sized goodness : public transportation is as good as Japan , and you can cover the entire city in a weekend .
I looked at where I wanted to go .
It was on the other side of the map from my hotel .
“ How long does it take to get there by taxi ? 20 minutes ? ”
The receptionist looked at me and laughed : “ 10 minutes by bicycle . ”
Copenhagen is probably the most hassle - free capital I ’ve ever visited .
Rent a bike for 100 DKK and you can cover 1/2 of the “ Barcelona of the North , ” as design god Sir Terence Conran calls it , in an afternoon .
1 - 3 - hour bike tours from Central Station are a perfect first - day orientation .
The numerous S - line and Metro stations , in addition to HUR buses , will get you where you want to go if self - propelled locomotion is n’t your gig , but the average Dane bicycles 375 miles per year .
Get off your ass and join them for the real Danish experience .
###
Looking for other happy travels ?
Here are the combined top 10 according to separate studies from the University of Leicester in the UK and Erasmus University in Rotterdam , the latter of which had 953 indicators (! ) :
* 1 Denmark
* 2 Switzerland
* 3 Austria
* 4 Iceland
* 5 Bahamas
* 6 Finland
* 7 Sweden
* 8 Bhutan
* 9 Brunei
* 10 Canada
6 - month old salted cod and four other pairings in Copenhagen .
And , yes , there was caviar in the dessert .
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Originally Posted by Fyretrohl Originally Posted by
I will NOT lay blame .
Techincal issues happen .
HOWEVER ... I will declare that if the campaign does not do something to ensure the procedures they are doing are going to work , this can easily happen again .
This is what I do for a living .
Trust me , I am a Doctor for Computers .
< Sorry , bad joke > .
Anyway , I truly will give my time for the campaign to help them in this regard .
By ALEX BRUMMER
Last updated at 15:08 10 April 2008
The world is facing the biggest financial shock since the Great Depression , warns the International Monetary Fund .
And the IMF warns that Britain could be the country hit hardest by the global credit crunch as it has bigger debts than anywhere else .
In its most startling report of modern times , it says the meltdown " has inflicted heavy damage on markets and the financial institutions at the core of the financial system " .
Analysis by the IMF reveals British banks will lose more than £ 20bn from the international mortgage meltdown , equivalent to three per cent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Scroll down for more ...
Warning : The IMF 's Charles Collyns is sceptical about the chances of Alistair Darling meeting his growth forecast
For the first time the IMF also predicts that the American economy is heading for recession and will shrink by 0.7 per cent this year , sending shock waves across the globe .
American banks , which it was thought would be worst affected , will lose £ 72 billion , or 1.4 per cent of US GDP .
Despite healthy growth in the Far East , it now believes there is a 25 per cent chance that the whole world could follow the Americans into recession .
" The financial markets crisis that erupted in August 2007 has developed into the largest financial shock since the Great Depression , " the report says .
It estimates that the losses from American mortgages will reach $ 945 billion ( £ 500 billion ) - more than twice previous estimates .
The U.S. housing collapse is far from over , with the fund economists expecting a further 10 per cent decline in 2008 , on top of a similar fall in prices in the previous years .
Such declines , it believes , are way beyond anything seen in the previous American experience .
Last night is also emerged that the world 's leading bankers had accepted much of the blame for the credit crisis .
The Institute of International Finance , which represents more than 375 of the world 's leading financial companies , said there had been ' major points of weakness in business practices ' .
These included bankers ' pay and risk management .
The apocalyptic language used by the fund is highly unusual and reflects an unprecedented concern about the impact of the credit crunch which has prevented banks from borrowing in the wholesale money markets , making it all but impossible to fund new mortgage lending on both sides of the Atlantic .
In Britain , the IMF warns that the " housing correction will continue to impact on consumers " and " be a drag on the economy " .
The fund 's top economist Charles Collyns was sceptical about the chances of Alistair Darling meeting his growth forecast for Britain of 2 per cent this year , as set out in the Budget last month .
Meanwhile speculation about the half per cent cut in UK interest rates caused the pound to fall to a record low against the euro , which was last night worth 80 p .
He said that the IMF 's own forecast of 1.6 per cent output expansion " was in line with the consensus " .
Ahead of his arrival in Washington today for his meeting with the world 's top financial leaders , the Chancellor stood by his Budget forecasts .
He said there " are grounds for optimism " despite the unprecedented shock for the economy .
Britain , he claimed , " has a strong economy that has been remarkably resilient " .
In contrast , the top IMF economist said : " The housing market will be a drag on the economy . "
He also warned that Britain was extremely vulnerable to the cold winds blowing out of the U.S. and Europe , with the German economy also slowing rapidly .
" In the UK there are a number of factors both domestically and externally holding back the economy .
We do see house prices softening and we see potential for that to continue , with an impact on consumption .
" We also see the UK affected by the tightening in financial constraints related to the turmoil in the financial market .
It will also be affected by the slowdown in the U.S. and the euro area , " Collyns cautioned .
Britain , in the view of the IMF , is much less well placed to deal with the downturn than our counterparts , including the Americans , because of the UK 's soaring budget deficit which is expected to hit £ 38 billion this year .
He also noted that Britain 's national debt , the accumulated sum of the nation 's borrowing over past years , was perilously close to 40 per cent of national output - the selfimposed limit under Gordon Brown 's fiscal rules .
" There has been an upward drift in the fiscal deficit in the UK , " Collyns said .
Any hope that pressure on the U.S. economy , the key to our own economic health , will improve in 2009 - when there is a new President in the White House - was brushed aside by the IMF .
" Downside risks especially for 2009 remain a concern , " it cautioned .
A house price collapse in the U.S. , beyond the 14 to 20 per cent built into the IMF 's forecasts , " could have serious repercussions " .
It could affect other economies - including those of Britain , France , Germany and Switzerland - because of the exposure of high street banks to the debts originating in the U.S .
An end was in sight for Britain 's housing boom with " a sharp deceleration in house prices " .
The IMF noted that in the past , house price falls , of the kind now emerging in the UK , have been a " significant factor " on the road to recession .
TODAY is the opening of
lottery season
at America 's Citizen and Immigration Services .
Beginning today , employers can apply for a slice of the annual allotment of 65,000 H - 1B temporary work visas .
Here
Last year , faced with 123,480 applications in two days for a pool of just 65,000 H1 - B visas , the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services was forced to run a lottery to see who would get a visa and who would n't .
With a full year to decide what to do about this year 's tranche of applicants , the Bureau has gone back to the drawing board , and decided that this year it will , er , run a lottery again .
's Felix Salmon with some context :
Do note that just a few years ago , the annual pool of visas was reduced from 195,000 to 65,000 .
Even the larger figure vastly underserves the potential demand for visas , both among American employers and willing immigrants .
The source of opposition to an increase in the number of visas is depressingly familiar -- concern that foreign workers will bid down wages .
Why any nation would want to limit growth in its stock of human capital is absolutely beyond me , but it apparently sounds reasonable to some Senators and so here we are .
Both Mr Salmon and Peter Suderman ( writing at Megan McArdle 's Atlantic blog ) discuss economist Dean Baker 's take on the situation .
Mr Baker writes :
It would have been helpful to include some economic analysis .
By increasing the supply of highly skilled workers , the H1 - B program undoubtedly reduces the wages for the most affected occupations .
According to standard trade theory , this is precisely the point of the program .
Allowing firms to get lower paid workers will reduce their cost and increase the economy 's potential output .
It is the same argument that is used for the gains from getting cheap textiles or steel from foreign producers .
The argument from high - tech employers , that they simply can't get enough high tech workers in the United States is ridiculous on its face .
If these jobs paid millions of dollars per year ( like jobs at Wall Street investment banks ) , then highly skilled workers would leave other occupations and develop the skills necessary to work in high tech occupations .
Obviously , Bill Gates and the other high tech employers cited in this article want to be able to employ high tech workers at lower wages .
The issue is wages , not a shortage .
There are a couple of issues worth mentioning here .
While it 's clear that increasing the supply of highly skilled workers should slow wage growth , it 's also pretty obvious that increasing the nation 's stock of human capital should increase long run growth , increasing the earning potential of all workers .
In the real world , technology and productivity growth are n't exogenously determined , but depend on the economy 's knowledge base ( among other things ) .
In this sense , the gains from the immigration of highly skilled workers go beyond cost reduction or resource reallocation .
Mr Baker is also dead wrong in saying that there is no skilled worker shortage .
For one thing , employers are limited in the extent to which they can increase wages by worker productivity .
At some point there is a trade - off between increasing wages to attract new workers and operating profitably .
There is good reason to believe we are near that point .
Why ?
Because according to compelling research [ PDF ] by Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz , growth in the domestic supply of skilled workers has slowed dramatically .
Let 's quote the authors :
The majority of the increase in wage inequality since 1980 can be accounted for by rising educational wage differentials , just as a substantial part of the decrease in wage inequality in the earlier era can be accounted for by decreasing educational wage differentials ...
Since 1980 ... a sharp decline in skill supply growth driven by a slowdown in the rise of educational attainment of successive U.S. born cohorts has been a major factor in the surge in educational wage differentials .
Wages for skilled workers have soared while wages for the unskilled have stagnated , because too few young Americans are obtaining undergraduate and graduate degrees .
So sure , Microsoft would probably love to pay its workers less than it does .
That does n't mean that the competition for skilled workers has n't become so intense that business and economic growth now suffer .
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Tokyo
Okinawans have protested against previous attacks by US marines
Marine Tyrone Hadnott , 38 , is being questioned in relation to the alleged assault on the island of Okinawa .
He denies raping the girl in his car on Sunday night , but police say he has admitted forcing her to kiss him .
Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda condemned the alleged assault in parliament , complaining that this kind of grave incident had happened repeatedly .
In the past , assaults by US marines have fuelled local anger at the presence of many thousands of foreign soldiers on Japan 's southernmost island .
Twelve years ago , the rape of a 12 - year - old girl on Okinawa by three US servicemen led to street protests against the presence of the American military there .
Similarly , the most recent incident could damage the US - Japan military alliance .
Local condemnation
Mr Fukuda said his government would do what it could to try to prevent a repeat of such incidents in the future .
Sunday 's alleged assault has also brought condemnation from Okinawa 's governor and other local politicians .
The US state department said it was taking the allegations very seriously and pledged to work closely with the Japanese .
About 50,000 US troops are stationed in Japan , most of them on Okinawa .
Last year , 46 US military personnel were arrested in Okinawa in connection with criminal cases .
That figure , though , represented a 50 % drop compared to the number of arrests made on the island five years ago .
Is Suburbia Turning Into Slumburbia ?
Every coin has its flip side .
Last week , I explored how San Francisco and other centers of innovation around the globe are resisting the downward vortex of the housing market .
These fabled super cities , Richard Florida contends in his new book , " Who 's Your City , " are attracting an increasingly disproportionate number of educated , creative knowledge workers who fuel the economy .
In turn , these folks are keeping housing prices relatively high despite recurring appearances of the R - word on our front pages .
The dark side of this surreality is that the places far from these hallowed urban cores are experiencing unprecedented decline and , according to some experts , threaten to become tomorrow 's slums .
We 're not talking about mean inner city streets getting meaner , we 're talking about the pristine , newly built developments of four - bedroom , three - bath dream homes produced in the last housing boom becoming ghettos for the poor and the disenfranchised .
Slumburbia ?
After decades of middle class flight from the cities in search of safe neighborhoods and good schools — a flight that continues today even from gentrified cities like San Francisco — it 's hard to conjure the image of a truly derelict suburbia .
Will all those manicured lawns sprout weeds and broken bottles like a Baltimore back alley ?
Will drug dealers take over the local cul - de-sac ?
Will squatters set up camp in the neighbor 's McMansion ?
All this seems unfathomable , but it 's the prediction du jour for some urban planners who make it their business to track the larger sociological implications of our land use .
Of course , we 've all heard about the tsunami of foreclosures that has descended on much of the country .
But not all real estate disaster areas are created equal :
This week RealtyTrac released new foreclosure numbers about cities that were hit the hardest in February .
Stockton , with nearly 5 percent of all households at some stage of foreclosure , got the honor of ringing up the second highest foreclosure rate nationwide , after Cape Coral - Fort Myers , Fla .
Other sprawling California regions dominated the list : Modesto at No. 3 , Merced at No. 4 , Riverside - San Bernardino at No. 5 , Bakersfield at No. 7 , Vallejo - Fairfield at No. 8 , and Sacramento at No. 9 .
What do all these places have in common ?
Suburbs upon sprawling new suburbs .
Does this suggest that the American dream of the large - lot single family home is doomed ?
Some experts think so .
" Over the last few decades we 've structurally overinvested in fringe real estate , " explains Christopher Leinberger , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institute and a former developer .
" Builders are experts in overbuilding , in terms of cyclical overbuilding , like lemmings to the sea .
But this time it 's different .
It 's not just a cycle .
It 's going to take more than two or three years to recover from this . "
Last fall , Leinberger published " The Option of Urbanism , " a book about the changing sociology of the built environment .
Like Florida , he sees the growing attraction to urban living as a matter of critical importance .
This month , his essay in the Atlantic magazine provocatively asserts that McMansion developments would deteriorate into crime ridden , impoverished slums .
In the piece he mentions several instances of suburban neighborhoods getting hit so hard by the recent downturn that they already exhibit the tell - tale signs of deep decline : Looters stealing copper pipe and siding from new homes , gunshots puncturing picture - perfect facades , squatters taking up residence in abandoned houses .
When asked if the edge suburbs are turning into slums , Florida concurs with Leinberger 's ominous vision , " Yes , they are already well on their way , " he says .
" The knowledge workers can't afford the time cost , they can't afford the commuting time . "
But mostly Leinberger is predicting the future rather than describing the present , arguing that the pendulum has swung too far toward isolated , car - dependent single - family - home neighborhoods to be sustainable .
( In his description of the city , he 's not including older inner suburbs like Berkeley or Palo Alto that have walkable urban neighborhoods and public transit ; he 's talking about the hillsides of homes detached from urbanized towns . )
Now with high gas prices , long commutes , a bad job market and a new attraction to walkable urban living , it 's just a matter of time before suburban fringes begin to absorb the people that can't make it in the city .
If newly built suburbs in decline sound like a less formidable problem than the neglect and misery of our inner cities beginning in the 1960s , with their generation after generation of children raised amid violence , drug addiction and hopelessness , maybe our imaginations are failing us .
In Europe , where the cities never died , the suburbs have long been the homes of last resort for the poor and the marginalized .
Just last week , French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced yet another plan to revive the suburban slums that erupted in riots in 2005 — the 16th such proposal in 31 years .
Florida and Leinberger say that retooling the suburbs is going to make urban renewal look like a walk in the park .
" Suburb development is really fragile , " Leinberger explains .
" It 's going to be very complex to rebuild . "
As Leinberger notes , new suburbs tend to be situated far from public transport , social services and commerce , so they are particularly bad places for people who can't afford cars .
The housing stock is n't terribly flexible .
Compared to the sturdy older buildings in the city that got chopped up into apartments , it 's not easy to take a production - built house with three bedrooms and turn it into good multifamily housing .
What 's more , the neighborhood infrastructure is n't designed for higher density or commercial uses :
The streets are often thinner , the pipes and drainage not built for heavier use .
Newer suburbs are also financially vulnerable : They depend on developers ' fees and property taxes to pay for the communities .
" When the growth stops and the property values fall , " says Leinberger , " suddenly you 're going to have this wicked situation where social costs are rising as funding dries up , but without any other tax sources from commercial or industrial activity . "
This inherent fragility springs from some of the same regulations that make suburbs easier to build and therefore better bets for developers .
By definition , suburbs are zoned for residential single family or maybe residential low density multifamily .
They do n't require the complex planning or infrastructure building essential for commercial , industrial and high density housing .
In many parts of the country — whether through state law or local ordinances — single family housing is the only new development that can be legally built .
And because Fannie Mae will not finance rental developments that predict that more than 25 percent of the rent will come from nonresidential income , mixed use developments — like old fashioned main streets where apartments are built above the bakery and the butcher shop — are often perceived as more risky .
" It 's not the developers ' fault , " explains John Norquist , former mayor of Milwaukee , Wis. , and president of the Congress for the New Urbanism .
" They did n't create this system , they just inherited it . "
Despite all this doom and gloom , the experts say we may be witnessing the evolution of the American dream toward a far healthier , more ecological vision .
" It 's an enormous opportunity , " says Norquist , " Thirty percent of the housing stock that will exist in 2030 has n't been built yet .
Developers who are creating walkable neighborhoods are doing very well . "
Indeed , the fact that Americans are embracing walkable neighborhoods is a good thing for their waistlines , their pocketbooks and the planet .
" ( Al ) Gore talks about the inconvenient truth , " says Norquist , " I call this the convenient solution : living in a more urban way . "
To accelerate this trend , Leinberger is trying to work with cities that do n't have revived downtowns to help pave the way for the kind of walkable redevelopment that will attract jobs and residents .
Building walkable urban developments wo n't guarantee a city 's success , says Leinberger , but it is an essential first step .
" If you build , will they come ? " asks Leinberger .
" You just do n't know .
But if you do n't build it , there 's not a prayer they will come . "
In a televised address Monday night , Polish President Lech Kaczynski showed a clip depicting a gay couple ( pictured ) from Queens getting married in Toronto five years ago .
Kaczynski’s anti-gay speech was meant to warn Polish conservatives about what lies ahead if Poland ratifies the European Union ’s Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Here 's TV news coverage of the gay marriage storm gathering at Poland 's borders .
The two men in the video , Brian Fay , a documentary producer , and Dr. Thomas Moulton , an oncologist , had no idea their wedding footage and a photo of their wedding certificate were used in the speech until reporters started calling Tuesday morning for comments .
Both men are outspoken gay rights advocates ;
Fay is on the committee for the annual gay - friendly “ All Inclusive St. Patrick 's Day Parade ” in Queens .
Today Poland ’s consul general in New York , Krzysztof W. Kasprzyk , agreed to meet with Fay ( next week ) and seemed apologetic in an e-mail , thanking Fay for his “ conciliatory approach and the empathy [ he has ] demonstrated from the first moment this pitiful incident surfaced . ”
A Polish newspaper editor , explained to the Times that Poland 's pro-Western Prime Minister is at odds with the conservative Kaczynski , whose homophobic speech was an attempt to mobilize his “ rural , Catholic , conservative base in eastern Poland . ”
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Global Python Sprint Weekend in London
The next Python bug days are going to be a bit different .
Instead of just a bug day we 're going for ' Sprint Weekends ' .
May 10th - 11th ( four days after 2.6a3 and 3.0a5 are released )
June 21st - 22nd ( ~ week before 2.6b2 and 3.0b2 are released )
The goal is to have the usual coordination via IRC ( on # python - dev at irc.freenode.net ) , but also ( hopefully )
Python user groups can meet across the globe to sprint collaboratively .
This is a great way for people to have fun hacking together and learning the non-esoteric art of contributing to core Python development .
User groups who are interested in this can register by responding to this thread on the Python - Dev mailing list ( that post also has all the details ) .
This is being coordinated by Trent Nelson , who suggests that Saturday be for groups to meet up in person , with Sunday geared more towards an online collaboration day via IRC , where we can take care of all the little things that got in our way of coding on Saturday - like finalising / preparing / reviewing patches , updating tracker and documentation , writing tests ( you do test first , right Trent ? ) .
Trent , Simon Brunning and I are organising a London Python sprint .
There is also a meetup a few days before on May 6th .
Venue of the sprint weekend ( or the Saturday at any rate ) still to be decided , but we 'll keep you up to date .
UK MSDN Flash : Getting Started with IronPython
The Microsoft UK developer newsletter MSDN Flash , has published an article of mine on Getting Started with IronPython .
This is one of their first experiments in publishing articles by non-Microsoft employees !
Here 's an extract :
There is increasing developer interest in dynamic languages , and Python is a particularly good one .
It is widely used , semantically concise and easy to learn .
As a dynamic language , types are enforced at runtime rather than compile time .
Developers used to statically typed languages may find this removal of the " safety net " worrying , but in practise it turns out not to be a problem , particularly if you are using best practises for your testing cycles .
There is a performance cost for these runtime checks , but dynamic typing makes it easy to do things that are either cumbersome or not even possible with statically typed languages .
Benefits include first class ( and higher order ) functions and types , late binding , easy introspection , duck - typing and metaprogramming .
For more on dynamic typing , read Strong Typing versus Strong Testing .
The most important thing about IronPython is how well it is integrated with the .NET framework , and how easy it is to work with managed objects .
This makes mixing C# and IronPython very straightforward .
Beyond writing full applications , other practical uses for IronPython include embedding it into applications to provide a scripting environment , using it as a standalone language for system administration and utilising it as a tool for exploring assemblies .
This last use case is best done with the interactive interpreter , which is also a great place to start experimenting .
For the rest you 'll have to read the full article .
Report from the RuPy Conference
This was the second year for the RuPy Ruby and Python conference in Poznan , Poland .
Last year there were 80 attendees and this year the conference had grown to 250 .
The conference is not only a great concept ( great to see Ruby and Python grouped together rather than pitted against each other ) , but there were a high number of quality talks .
My talk was on IronPython and Silverlight 2 and it went great .
I felt confident with the material , the audience laughed in all the right places and all my demos worked !
( There were 80~100 in the audience - I 'm rubbish at guessing numbers . )
I think the talk was improved by showing two good looking Silverlight applications from the gallery .
These were Tetrislight and the Image Snipper , both of which do a much better job of showing what Silverlight is capable of than my ' developer oriented ' examples !
( But you 'll learn more from mine of course . )
As usual with a Python crowd the biggest concern was the Linux compatibility story ( I believe that Moonlight will prove to be a very good ' Silverlight 2 on Linux ' , but time will tell ) .
As for the adoption story , Silverlight 1 is currently being downloaded at a rate of about 1.5 million per day and is already being offered as an ' optional update ' via Windows update .
I 'm sure that Microsoft will do the same with Silverlight 2 , meaning that not long after the final release it will probably find its way onto ~ 90 % of the world 's desktop computers !
Microsoft have a deal to put Silverlight 2 on the official Olympics website this summer .
This gives them both a hard deadline for final release and a great driver for Silverlight 2 adoption .
The infamous Zed Shaw was there and gave a very tame talk on how to get statistically meaningful results when testing web app performance .
He is a great speaker , and he did have a dig at Rails with an utterly unfair performance comparison between Rails and web.py as his example .
Naturally web.py , which does a lot less , could handle ten times as many requests per second .
Interestingly , he used R to turn the raw data into meaningful results and plots .
R is an odd looking language , but it did look like a good fit for the task .
Of course many Pythonistas would prefer him to use matplotlib ...
I missed Jay Field 's talk on Domain Specific Languages .
Jay is renowned in the Ruby community , both for his work with DSLs and his focus on testing .
The reason I missed the talk was because I was talking to Zed ( he is loud - but he is n't an asshole ) .
As he currently works at a large financial institution I thought I would show him Resolver One .
However , as that organisation is Bear Stearns I doubt much will come of it .
I did ask Zed if Python is a Ghetto .
He said no .
I spent quite a bit of time talking to Carl Friedrich Bolz , who is a core PyPy developer and one of the writers on the PyPy Status Blog .
One of the things that Carl has done is write a framework so that PyPy Garbage Collectors can be written in Python - plus he wrote the first two GC implementations .
Armin has just written a new one that is more efficient - as it can avoid copying large objects - by subclassing one of the existing ones .
Carl did an excellent talk on the current state of PyPy and particularly the recent work he has been doing on the Just In Time compiler .
The PyPy JIT is a tracing JIT ( like Tamarin ) , and as well as speeding up operations on the basic types it will be able to optimise method calls ( etc ) which are one of the bugbears of Python performance .
Techniques it uses include not generating intermediate objects that will always be thrown away and even keeping frame objects in registers where possible ( without any semantic changes to Python ) .
Very clever stuff .
For those few who still do n't understand the purpose of PyPy , it is much more than just ' Python implemented in Python ' .
PyPy is a language agnostic compiler toolchain .
Typically it is used for compiling interpreters that are written in RPython , a static subset of Python .
Interpreters are analysed and compiled by PyPy , which can emit C , Java or .NET bytecode ( and various other actual and possible backends ) .
It also compiles garbage collection and a Just in Time compiler for the interpreter ( although the GC is not needed for the .NET and JVM backends ) .
Other interesting things can be done , like experimenting with new GC and object space implementations .
So PyPy is a compiler toolchain - with swappable front , middle and backends !
As well as this , there is a highly compliant Python interpreter written in RPython .
When translated to C it currently runs at around half the speed of CPython , but it is already faster for highly ' memory bound ' operations ( because the GC is better ) .
As the JIT makes real progress ( it is the subject of Carl 's thesis - so real progress is being made ) , some interesting things become possible .
First of all , PyPy is likely to become faster than CPython .
I 've long joked that so far PyPy 's greatest contribution to the Python community is to kill off Psyco and Stackless .
It finally looks like it wo n't be very long before I have to stop saying this .
One fun , and plausible if not very likely , consequence is that it would be entirely possible to write a Ruby interpreter in Python ( RPython of course ) !
That might make a few flame wars moot !
Porting Zope to different Pythons is an article that explores some of the more likely consequences .
On the Saturday night was the geek party , which was great fun and I had entirely too much to drink ( largely at the behest of Jonathan and Susan , so it was not my fault ) .
Jay joined the reverie and we staggered back from the centre of Poznan at 4.30 in the morning .
Speaking of Jonathan , he gave his talk on Test Driven Development .
This is an excellent talk and it gets better every time he delivers it .
Yet again he failed to get his Ubuntu laptop connected to the projector though , and his fonts were screwed up .
No matter though , the large audience appreciated it and asked a lot of questions .
If any of you have objections to my earlier blog entry on the value of test first , you need to hear Jonathan .
On the Sunday morning Konrad woke me up at 9 am .
I got up , which was a mistake !
It did mean I was able to demo Resolver One ( during the post - lunch lightning talks , which were new to RuPy this year ) , but I was fairly befuddled whilst doing it ( actually the demo went ok but the setting up was a bit ' confused ' ) .
There was a 3 hour ' Rails 101 ' session , which if I had been less knackered I would have enjoyed .
Instead I spent the time talking to Carl .
I nearly persuaded him that he ought to be working at Resolver Systems .
It is not an entirely far - fetched suggestion as he is something of an Excel / VBA expert and a great fan of what we have done with Resolver One .
All in all it was a great conference , and if you are available next year I highly recommend it .
Report from the Expert Zone Conference
I 've just returned home after a week away attending and speaking at the Expert Zone and RuPy conferences .
I 'm beginning to get sick of hotel rooms ( poor me ) and it will even be nice to return to work .
Whilst at Expert Zone I met Roy Singham , one of the founders and the chairman of Thoughtworks .
We talked about Python and Thoughtworks in London .
Roy is concerned that Thoughtworks has recently acquired a reputation as a Ruby shop .
In fact Thoughtworks still make about 70 % of their income from Java and .NET projects , and whilst they have a very strong Ruby team in the US they also have a strong Python team in the UK ( and many developers who like both - which is as it should be ) .
Roy wants to emphasise that Thoughtworks likes Python and prefer dynamic languages in general - not just Ruby .
To this end he has appointed Simon Brunning as the officially unofficial ' Python representative ' at Thoughtworks .
In this vein he has also agreed to be one of the sponsors for PyCon UK which is great .
Expert Zone is a community developers conference in Sweden , hosted by Cornerstone .
The conference covers a broad range of topics , but the attendees ( ~250 this year ) reflect the fact that Microsoft has a strong presence in Sweden .
Many of the talks were in Swedish , but I attended Joe Armstrong 's talk on Erlang ( for the third time in two months - poor me again ! ) and Ola Bini talking about JRuby .
It was interesting to note how similar Ola 's talk on JRuby was to mine on IronPython .
His JRuby and Swing demo was virtually identical to my IronPython and Windows Forms demo .
The same was true of his example of embedding JRuby in Java and mine on embedding IronPython in C#.
Particularly gratifying was to note that his definition of a pure object oriented language fitted Python without exception .
( Unlike languages like C# and Java where types , functions and methods may not be first class objects and there are primitives that are n't objects either . )
My talk ( " IronPython and Dynamic Languages on . NET " - a cut down version of my ACCU Talk ) went ok .
Unfortunately the room was changed at the last minute , meaning at least a couple of people who wanted to attend the talk missed it .
There were about thirty people present and they were a very different audience to the ACCU crowd .
At ACCU the audience was split roughly fifty - fifty between Python and .NET programmers , at Expert Zone only one of my listeners had used Python .
Although they seemed to be largely listening intently , they were much quieter than the ACCU rabble .
This could be a cultural thing , but is more likely to be the fact that English was n't their first language .
Unfortunately I ' optimised ' my talk for an hour when I actually had fifty minutes ( my fault ) .
This meant that I had to speak fast ( bad ) and although I could show embedding IronPython I had to skip showing them Silverlight .
For those who attended , or are just interested , here are some links :
Whilst at Expert Zone I was fortunate to meet some great people - like Julie Lerman ( independent writer and expert on the Entity Framework ) , Christian Weyer ( who will also be at DDD Ireland ) and Dan North from Thoughtworks .
Thanks to the organisers , particularly Mats Rydin and Niclas Nilsson - organiser and chair of the dynamic languages track respectively .
On Testing : Some Programmers Refuse to Get it
Well I had n't intended this to be my first blog entry after returning from RuPy and Expert Zone , in fact I should be going to bed .
However , this blog entry on whether large test suites prove Python is not suitable for large projects is a subject dear to my heart .
The basic tenet ( not advanced by the blog author himself but as a response to an article on Resolver One he wrote ) , is laughable - but I 've been speaking about dynamic languages to .NET developers recently and this belief is not unusual .
In fact I have a blog entry on static and dynamic typing waiting in the wings , but meanwhile ...
Statically typed languages need type safety in order to be able to compile .
The compiler must know the types of objects at all points in your program , and so if the compiler accepts your program you have ' type safety ' .
This is a very thin layer of safety , and applications in statically typed languages have occasionally been found to have bugs .
In fact type errors ( ' typos ' ) are the very easiest bugs to detect .
Tools like PyLint ( the most powerful ) , and PyFlakes ( the fastest ) will catch many of the errors a compiler will catch and are easy to integrate with Python IDEs .
More importantly , Test Driven Development is much more about a design approach than it is about catching errors .
Almost none of our tests are there to catch the kind of errors a compiler would catch - the app .
simply wo n't run with those errors in place so it is not necessary to test for them - our tests are there to test application logic and functionality .
A good sound principle is : if it is n't tested it 's broken .
My favourite quote on the subject comes from the Ruby community :
If you write applications without tests then you are a bad person , incapable of love .
— Wilson Bilkovich ( The Rails Way )
There are lots of people who write large Python applications without automated test suites .
I think they are crazy .
There are lots of people who write large applications in statically typed languages without automated test suites .
I think they 're crazier - but for two different reasons ...
In fact the best refutation is to tell you the story of how Resolver One came to be written in Python .
The first two developers started writing Resolver One around November 2005 .
They were a Java developer and a C++ developer and for various reasons had chosen the .NET framework for Resolver One .
They assumed they would use C# , as that is what you do when writing a desktop application with .NET , but Resolver One needed an interpreted language embedded in it .
They started to evaluate scripting language ' engines ' that were available at the time , which did n't give them a great deal of choice , and started to experiment with IronPython which was at version 0.7 .
Not only was the .NET integration very good , but something else became apparent and influenced them to see how far they could get actually writing Resolver One in IronPython .
They had already decided to use Test Driven Development as their basic development methodology .
They were convinced that this was the best way to ensure code quality , and having practised it now for two years at Resolver Systems I 'm convinced that they are right .
Dynamic languages are substantially easier to test with .
Mocking objects is trivially easy and you can monkey patch at runtime for testing purposes being two of the major reasons for this .
So the decision to use Python came well after ( almost as a consequence of ... ) the decision to practise TDD .
I very much enjoyed the recent UK ALT .
NET conference , where a bunch of .NET developers got together to discuss topics like agile development and testing strategies .
Most of them develop in C# , and although it was great to spend time with them it was very obvious that a lot of the problems they encountered I simply did n't have as a Python programmer .
Testing statically typed languages is harder , and ironically to maintain the same test coverage if Resolver One was written in C # we would need a lot more test code .
Test Driven Development produces better code , and this alone is reason to do it ( my colleague Jonathan Hartley does an excellent talk on the subject by the way ) , but it has many other benefits as well :
It forces you to think about feature design and API design before writing code
A large test suite means that you can refactor mercilessly without fear - the tests will tell you when you have got everything working again
Your tests act as a specification and as documentation on how code is intended to be used
They help you to resist ' developer gold plating ' by focussing your mind on features you actually need ( rather than might need or would like )
Reducing the need for a separate test phase and increasing the feedback between writing code and learning about bugs you have introduced
It breaks down large tasks into smaller and more easily understood steps
A comprehensive test suite that individually exercises units of your application is an invaluable debugging tool
Anyway , some programmers do n't get it and do n't want to get it .
To my mind testing is much more important than which language you use .
Some people just prefer statically typed languages , and that 's fine .
But some people do n't like testing , and if you have any concern for code quality that is n't fine .
Archives
I ‘m running out of enemies , Colin Powell , then chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , famously said after the end of the Cold War : I ’m down to Kim Il Sung and Fidel Castro .
They were evil enough , but were n’t much of a military threat to America .
George W. Bush and his neocon coterie have sought to turn Islamic terrorists into the equivalent of Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin , but few people other than GOP activists take that comparison seriously .
In fact , America remains a military colossus .
The Bush administration has proposed spending $ 515 billion next year on the military ; more , adjusted for inflation , than at any time since World War II .
The U.S. accounts for roughly half of the world ’s military outlays .
Washington is allied with every major industrialized state except China and Russia .
America ’s avowed enemies are a pitiful few : Burma , Cuba , Syria , Venezuela , Iran , North Korea .
The U.S. government could destroy every one of these states with a flick of the president ’s wrist .
Russia has become rather contentious of late , but that hardly makes it an enemy .
Moreover , the idea that Moscow could rearm , reconquer the nations that once were part of the Soviet Union or communist satellites , overrun Western Europe , and then attack the U.S.  without anyone in America noticing the threat along the way  is , well , a paranoid fantasy more extreme than the usual science fiction plot .
The Leninist Humpty - Dumpty has fallen off the wall and even a bunch of former KGB agents are n’t going to be able to put him back together .
Which leaves the People ’s Republic of China .
Beijing , like Russia , should not be considered an enemy .
However , it has the makings of a great power , even a superpower , which could ultimately face America as a peer .
Moreover , with its influence rising in a region that the U.S. government has grown used to dominating , there is real potential for future conflict .
That potential makes the PRC the best excuse for Washington to spend ever more on the U.S. military .
There are more than a few advocates of the " China as enemy " thesis , penning articles and books about how Beijing is preparing for , and determined to wage , war against America .
There are many more practitioners of what passes for cautious centrism : the PRC could become a threat , so the U.S. needs to enhance its alliances and forces in East Asia .
Toss in human rights activists and protectionists , who have other reasons for disliking Beijing , and the anti-China coalition grows .
The latest addition to the " China as enemy " literature is the Pentagon ’s newly released " Military Power of the People ’s Republic of China 2008 . "
In contrast to more fevered attacks on Beijing , this publication is a sober analysis of the PRC ’s ongoing defense build - up , which we can see but through a glass darkly .
China has announced a 17.6 percent increase in military spending this year , bringing it to $ 58.8 billion , but that number is incomplete at best and misleading at worst .
This uncertainty understandably worries the Pentagon .
American military expenditures are outlandish , but they are obviously outlandish .
Although Washington does hide intelligence expenditures , it ’s hard not to know how many air wings , carrier groups , and armored divisions , as well as foreign bases , the U.S. is funding .
But the Defense Department is even more worried that the Chinese are spending too much , which is essentially defined as developing a military which one day could confront American forces  successfully .
It ’s a fair concern , since Beijing ’s military build - up is transforming the international environment far more quickly than most American analysts had expected .
The PRC has numerous reasons for seeking to create a superior military .
The Pentagon notes that China probably is developing forces for use in such contingencies " as conflict over resources or disputed territories . "
Moreover , Beijing ’s growing " capabilities will increase Beijing ’s options for military coercion to press diplomatic advantage , advance interests , or resolve disputes in its favor . "
As Washington well knows , international political influence is more likely to follow a larger military .
Russia has regained regional clout , but remains a smaller global player ; Europe is an economic giant but a military midget .
Beijing seems intent on twinning soft and hard power to enhance its global clout .
Despite the multiple ends , however , the PRC appears to have two more basic goals with its military build - up .
The first is to enable the PRC to compel Taiwan , through use of military force , if necessary , to accept some form of reunification .
The second is to deter the U.S. from intervening to stop China from using coercion .
As the Pentagon observes , " A potential military confrontation with Taiwan , and the prospect of U.S. military intervention , remain the PLA ’s most immediate military concerns . "
Indeed , much of the PRC ’s military program seems directed at creating a credible deterrent to America .
The Pentagon reports :
" China ’s nuclear force modernization , as evidenced by the fielding of the new DF - 31 and DF - 31A intercontinental - range missiles , is enhancing China ’s strategic strike capabilities .
China ’s emergent anti-access / area denial capabilities  as exemplified by its continued development of advanced cruise missiles , medium - range ballistic missiles , anti-ship missiles designed to strike ships at sea , including aircraft carriers , and the January 2007 successful test of a direct - ascent , anti-satellite weapon  are expanding from the land , air , and sea dimensions of the traditional battlefield into the space and cyber - space domains . "
It ’s an impressive list .
But America ’s military capabilities remain far greater .
Why does the PRC need anti-ship missiles for use against aircraft carriers ?
Because it lacks even one carrier , while the U.S. controls the seas with 12 carrier groups .
This country dominates most other military fields as well .
America ’s nuclear missile arsenal is much bigger , more sophisticated , and more deadly than that possessed by China .
Washington already is reaching into space with its missile defense program .
Thus , the PRC is seeking to deter America from deploying its more powerful forces .
Notes the Pentagon , " Through analysis of U.S and coalition warfighting practices since 1991 , Beijing hopes to develop approaches to waging future conflict by adapting and emulating lessons learned in some areas while seeking perceived vulnerabilities that could be exploited through asymmetric means in others . "
In particular , " As part of its planning for a Taiwan contingency , China is prioritizing measures to deter or counter third - party intervention in any future cross-Strait crisis . "
Thus , Beijing might be preparing to confront the U.S.
But the critical question is , confront the U.S. over what ?
If Beijing was plotting the conquest of Guam , Hawaii , and ultimately the North American continent , then Beijing ’s ongoing military build - up would look dangerous indeed .
But there is nothing in China ’s long history that suggests such overarching ambitions .
Unwilling to remain weak and thus subject to coercion by a trigger - happy superpower across the Pacific .
Yes .
Determined to vigorously assert its perceived interests .
Yes .
Expecting international respect and consultation that reflects its increasingly expansive interests and growing power .
Yes .
Ready to commit global aggression , initiate world war , and wreck both China ’s and America ’s futures .
No .
Which means the U.S. should think carefully before responding to China ’s ongoing build - up .
The Pentagon speaks of a situation which " will naturally and understandably lead to hedging against the unknown , " meaning Washington will need to spend even more on the military .
If half of the world ’s military outlays are n’t enough , one wonders how much would be .
Two - thirds ?
Three - fourths ?
Even more ?
Washington should not fret .
If the goal is defending America , the U.S. possesses sufficiency today .
Just catching up with the U.S. will be a daunting task for the PRC .
Explained the Pentagon : " The U.S. Intelligence Community estimates China will take until the end of this decade or longer to produce a modern force capable of defeating a moderate - size adversary .
China will not be able to project and sustain small military units far beyond China before 2015 , and will not be able to project and sustain large forces in combat operations far from China until well into the following decade . "
Washington already occupies the global summit , with the enormous military infrastructure of a superpower .
China will not easily displace America with the world ’s most powerful military .
Assume that China , still desperately poor and surrounded by potentially hostile states , decides to deploy one new carrier group a year , no mean task .
The PRC still would n’t match America until 2020 .
Even then Beijing would n’t be strong enough to take aggressive action against the U.S. homeland or dependencies .
To develop an air force capable of dominating U.S. airspace and ground forces capable of invading U.S. territory would be another step well beyond .
Most important , the U.S. possesses what would remain an effective nuclear deterrent against almost any imaginable Chinese missile force .
It ’s not that the PRC could n’t theoretically construct and deploy more and better nuclear missiles , strategic bombers , and nuclear - armed subs than the U.S. , though such a process would take an enormous commitment over many years .
But it ’s hard to imagine that China could ever deploy enough to create a first strike capability .
The essential point of military power is that it is a lot easier to defend and deter than attack and defeat .
Which is why Washington spends so much on the military today .
Very few of America ’s military assets are devoted to defending the U.S.
After all , where ’s the threat ?
Terrorism is our most pressing national security concern , but as Iraq dramatically demonstrated , conventional forces are not the answer .
More subtle tools , including detailed intelligence , cooperation with allied states , and judicious use of special forces , are far more relevant .
Rather , most of what the Pentagon does is devoted to defending and dominating other nations .
Troops in Europe , which has a bigger economy and population than America  for what ?
Troops in South Korea , which vastly outranges its northern antagonist  why ?
Troops in Japan , the world ’s second - ranking economic power  hunh ?
Garrisons scattered across the globe in nations of but peripheral interest to America  how come ?
Deployments which made sense in the immediate aftermath of World War II are hopelessly outdated today .
They exist because Washington finds it impossible to ever end a commitment once undertaken , not because they make the U.S. safer .
Thus , what Washington must decide is how high a price it is willing to pay to attempt to maintain its domination in East Asia , even along the borders of what already has become a significant regional power and will almost inevitably become a global one .
Is the U.S. prepared to spend the money and take the risk necessary to confine the PRC within its borders ?
That was the implicit concern of Adm.
Timothy Keating , America ’s top commander in Asia , who declared China ’s military build - up to be " troubling " since " some of these weapons systems would tend to exceed our own expectations for protecting those things that are ours ’ . "
He added that such weapons " could be characterized as having , amongst perhaps other purposes , an ability to restrict movement in and around certain areas on the sea , in the air or under the sea , " most notably in the Taiwan Strait .
Exactly .
For China this is defensive .
The PRC is aware that Washington cheerfully bombs and invades other nations at its discretion : Bosnia , Grenada , Haiti , Iraq , Panama , Serbia , Somalia .
While Washington policy - makers might prefer that China remain militarily naked , vulnerable to coercion by the U.S. , they hardly can expect it to do so .
Which is what the PRC ’s military build - up is all about .
The issue , then , is whether the U.S. will engage in a counter build - up not to defend America , but to preserve America ’s ability to coerce China .
Richard Fisher of the International Assessment and Strategy Center , notes that " By 2010 , most of China ’s anti-access forces will be in place , making it very difficult to use Pacific forces to help Taiwan .
Unless we double the number of our aircraft carriers and triple our bomber fleet , China is going to be a peer competitor by 2030 . "
That is , double our carriers and triple our bombers not to defend the U.S. , but to retain the ability to attack another nation far from home .
In this case , to do so to defend Taiwan if it refuses to reunify with the mainland .
Taiwan is a good friend whose people have created a separate existence .
Whatever the merits of the PRC ’s contention that the island remains part of China , Beijing should not use force to resolve the issue .
Nevertheless , preserving Taiwan ’s independence through war is far more than friendship requires of America .
Should the U.S. risk Los Angeles to protect Taipei , as a Chinese general unkindly asked a few years ago ?
No .
Moreover , Fisher ’s analysis presumes that Beijing would not respond to an American decision to engage in such a massive build - up by spending even more .
The PRC will eventually have the world ’s largest economy : a military competition between America and China could turn into the most expensive arms race in history .
How much should Americans be forced to pay so that the U.S. government retains the ability to wander the globe imposing its will on other nations , even when American security is not at stake ?
Is it worth eventually bankrupting the U.S. ?
Americans might not believe a stronger , more assertive Chinese military to be desirable .
However , their view is irrelevant , since Beijing is not going to be dissuaded from increasing its forces by caterwauling from across the Pacific .
Especially when the loudest complainers are the architects of a continuing American military build - up far in excess of U.S. defense requirements .
Should Washington be watchful and wary ?
Of course .
Should the U.S. press China for greater transparency in its defense spending ?
Absolutely .
Should American policymakers work with Beijing to promote military exchanges , create mechanisms ( such as the planned hotline ) to avoid inadvertent conflicts , and conduct regular discussions to defuse incipient crises ?
Without doubt .
Should Washington encourage its allies and friends to work together to ensure regional security and stability ?
Yes .
Should Washington undertake a massive military build - up in an attempt to maintain absolute military control along China ’s borders ?
No .
If the U.S. is willing to temper its objectives , America can remain confident even as China grows more powerful .
The convenient world of Pax Americana is ending , especially in East Asia : a stronger PRC is inevitable .
But a less dominant U.S. is not necessarily a less secure U.S. Indeed , a less meddlesome America is likely to be a more peaceful America .
The U.S. has no serious enemies today , but it has begun the slow process of moving from the unipower back to one of two , or perhaps more , superpowers : America ’s current dominance always was artificial .
Europe lacks the will and Russia lacks the ability to challenge U.S. military primacy .
Not so China .
Washington must come to terms with a new order in East Asia , one in which China increasingly demands to be treated as an equal .
Painful though that might be for Washington , treating Beijing with respect beats turning the PRC into an enemy .
We ’ve all seen the usual success story : a 20 - something programmer gets an idea , launches a website , and within months he ’s already got huge traffic , multi-million dollar exit options and an interview with Wired .
All the traffic graphs go straight up without faltering even for a day .
These types of stories have created an atmosphere in which not growing - even for a short period - is considered death .
But is it always so ?
What about all those services that were welcomed with mild enthusiasm or even complete indifference , sinking slowly into oblivion , their traffic graph falling day after day , only to suddenly start rising again ?
Because , you know , there is such a thing as recovery in the world of web 2.0 .
It does n’t happen often , but it does happen ; sometimes the catalyst is a new feature or option ; sometimes the service was simply waiting to be discovered ; and sometimes there ’s no good reason at all ; the tipping point appears out of nowhere .
A word of caution : do n’t take the title of this article literally .
The five cases I ’ve described below are all very different and these companies were never really “ dead . ”
They all share a same basic trait , though : their future looked grim at one point , but they managed to bounce back and continue growing .
1. Pluck [ Alexa , Compete ]
Pluck was acquired by Demand Media .
What do you think , based on the traffic graph above , when did the sale occur ?
Somewhere around January 2006 ?
Wrong .
Pluck was doing quite nice as an RSS reader back in the day , but its popularity stalled in 2006 , and at the end of that year they completely ditched the RSS reader idea .
But , they were acquired by Demand Media for no less than $ 75 million dollars in March 2008 !
What happened ?
Pluck completely changed their product , focus , and business strategy : they went with a white label social networking solution , and it paid off bigtime in the end .
A lesson to learn : changing everything and starting from scratch can sometimes be a good thing .
2. Mahalo [ Alexa , Compete ]
Remember this article by Valleywag ?
Hindsight is 20 / 20 , I know , but I always thought that basing conclusions on an Alexa graph one month after a service goes live is a bad idea .
Yes , the traffic looked awful back in July 2007 , but it bounced back nearly after that and has continued to rise ever since .
The reason for this was the fact that Mahalo is a well funded , intelligently led project with a lot of updates and new features being added nearly every week , and users ( as well as journalists and bloggers ) have recognized this .
The idea - human powered search - seemed like a debt - incurring trainwreck , but so far Calacanis has managed to pull it off with style .
3. FriendFeed [ Alexa , Compete ]
FriendFeed is undeniably one of the hottest startups right now ; just check out recent mentions on Twitter and blogs and you ’ll see that the blogging elite is raving about it non-stop .
It does n’t surprise me : the number of social networks is increasing , and it ’s getting harder and harder to follow it all .
FriendFeed was merely one in the long list of lifestreaming applications , but for one reason or another it captured everyone ’s attention as the best of the bunch .
Personally , I still think there ’s lots of room for improvement in this area , but I ca n’t deny that FriendFeed is a fine application .
It was n’t meant to be from the beginning , though ; FriendFeed had a jump start back in August 2007 and it seemed to be slowly dying down after that .
I doubt anyone would call the project a success in January 2008 , but two months later and its graph is soaring up and not showing signs of weakening .
The trigger is a no brainer : back in February , FriendFeed was officially launched , giving everyone the possibility to sign up for the service .
However , if you think that this is only logical , think again ; for example , Joost was doing extremely well when it was in invite - only beta , and it seems to have been losing popularity after the official launch .
The sheer fact that FriendFeed became available to everyone did not guarantee growth ; it was the powerful word - of - mouth self - generated marketing campaign that propelled it .
4. Friendster [ Alexa , Compete ]
Friendster is a resilient little bugger .
Today , a social network with a declining graph is immediately being declared dead meat , and we all know how many times it happened to Friendster .
But , after every bad period Friendster has somehow managed to get their groove back and continue to grow .
The folks at Friendster are often repeating that they ’ve always been , and still are , one of the leading social networks ; the hype may not be on their side , but looking at the traffic graphs , you cannot really say they ’re wrong about it .
It ’s hard to predict Friendster ’s future ; with MySpace and Facebook leading the pack , and Friendster usually being late on major developments , I see them following the path of Bebo which recently got acquired by AOL .
Given their history so far , though , it ’s probably not a good idea to predict that they ’ll fizzle out if the acquisition does n’t happen soon .
5. LinkedIn [ Alexa , Compete ]
LinkedIn is often quoted as one of social networking ’s success stories .
The site is doing well traffic and growth - wise , and - unlike 99 % of web startups - they can boast the fact they ’re actually profitable
The explosive growth , however , has begun somewhere at the beginning of 2006 ; LinkedIn has been launched in 2003 and it has lingered without making a serious impact for three full years .
One of the contributing factors to the sudden success was surely the introduction of a search engine which enabled users to find other Linked In members .
Today , three years without traffic is a sure death if you ’re a web startup , let alone a social network ; but the folks at Linked In have pulled through this depressive period and it paid off bigtime in the end .
Today , many think that , as far as social networks go , they have the best perspective ahead of them ; while others are offering silly games , ugly profiles and pointless chatter , LinkedIn is all about business - serious business .
Conclusion
Obviously , you cannot simply write off any web startup whose traffic stops growing for a week or two , unless you want to risk looking stupid .
The fact , however , that I ’ve had a tough time finding success stories such as the above shows that once you lose the magic , it ’s really tough to get back on track ; and unfortunately , people forget really fast .
It can be done , though : you can shift your focus , like Pluck did , innovate like Friendfeed and Linked In , continue to add features and raise awareness of your product like Mahalo , or simply keep doing what you ’ve been doing like Friendster and hope for the best .
The important thing is , if you really believe in what you ’re doing , you should n’t give up at the first sign of decreasing traffic or a blog post proclaiming you “ dead . ”
Keep it up and prove them wrong ; the payoff is twice as sweet .
[ Via - Mashable .
Com ]
Study : Old Age Is The Happiest Time
Who Hires During Recessions ?
The Collapse of America 's Service Economy
Police Charge Reality - Show Director With False Imprisonment
Why Beautiful Women Marry Ugly Men
Maybe because I 've been following the Don Siegelman case closely , but when I heard about Elliot Spitzer 's pending indictment , something just did n't past the smell test .
While he 's admitted to involvement with a prostitution ring and I 'm by no means absolving him or trying to diminish the charges , there are more than a few unresolved aspects of this that keep me from calling for his resignation .
Jane Hamsher has summed up these little niggling questions very well :
1 . Why would the bank tell the IRS and not Spitzer himself if there was a suspicious transfer ?
Spitzer is a longtime client , a rich guy and the governor .
We 're talking thousands of dollars here , not millions .
It does n't make a whole lot of sense that they spotted a " suspicious transfer " made by the governor , and that this is how things began .
It 's possible it was just ordinary paperwork the bank had to file with the government whenever some particular flag was raised , but if that 's the case , why did the DoJ go to DefCon 3 ?
2 . What is a USA doing prosecuting a prostitution case ?
This is n't normally what the feds spend their time with .
3. Mike Garcia is a Chertoff crony .
Sources familiar with the investigation say that he sent a prosecution memo to DC two months ago asking for authority to indict a public figure ( Spitzer ) .
Which means they had their case made long before the wire tap of February 13 .
Why did they then include this line from that conversation in the complaint ?
LEWIS continued that from what she had been told " he " ( believed to be a reference to Client - 9 ) " would ask you to do things that , like , you might not think were safe -- you know -- I mean that ... very basic things .... " Kristen " responded : " I have a way of dealing with that ... I 'd be like listen dude , you really want the sex ?... You know what I mean . "
This salacious detail does not seem like it 's necessary to make their case , and appears to be added for no other purpose than to destroy Spitzer 's career .
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canada on Monday denied it had tried to sway the U.S. presidential election by misrepresenting Democratic candidate Barack Obama with the suggestion that he did n’t really believe his criticisms of the North American Free Trade Agreement .
Obama and rival Hillary Clinton -- who both blame the deal for job losses -- say the United States could quit NAFTA unless Canada and Mexico agree to major changes .
Key Obama economic advisor Austan Goolsbee discussed his candidate ’s policies with the Canadian consulate in Chicago , which wrote a report suggesting Obama ’s words on NAFTA were designed for a political audience and should n’t be taken too seriously .
The report was leaked to the U.S. media , prompting some Democrats to accuse Canada ’s right - leaning Conservative government of trying to interfere in the election -- a charge dismissed by Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
“ I certainly deny any allegation that this government has attempted to interfere in the American election , ” he told Parliament .
“ The American people will make the decision as to their next president and I am confident that whoever that person is ... ( they ) will continue the strong alliance , friendship and partnership that we enjoy with the United States . ”
Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States and would be badly hurt if Washington pulled out of NAFTA .
Government and opposition officials in Canada say they do n’t believe the talk of withdrawal is serious .
“ In the recent report produced by the consulate general in Chicago , there was no intention to convey , in any way , that Senator Obama and his campaign team were taking a different position in public from views expressed in private , including about NAFTA , ” said a foreign ministry spokesman .
“ We deeply regret any inference that may have been drawn to that effect . ”
Political rivals in Canada regularly accuse Harper of following the policies of U.S. President George W. Bush .
Canada ’s opposition left - leaning New Democrats have demanded that Harper fire Chief of Staff Ian Brodie , whom they accuse of leaking the document .
“ I ’m a little bit amused by the question of the leader of the ( New Democrats ) who is suggesting that we are so all - powerful we could interfere in the American election , pick their president for them .
This government does n’t claim that kind of power , ” said Harper .
The barrel making process
Here is a series of pictures that show how I make a barrel .
The description below each picture explains the process .
Here is what the basic barrel blank looks like before any machine work .
I start by cutting the blank to length .
Then each end gets a 60 degree center cut so that all future work will be perfectly centered .
The centers are cut with a piloted cutter that uses a pilot bushing fitted to each individual barrel blank .
The cutter is held in a floating reamer holder so that the cutter is located by the bore .
Now I turn both ends down concentric to the bore , swapping ends several times to ensure concentricity .
I cut a journal in the middle of the blank where the lathe chuck will hold the blank during rough profiling .
First the breech end is rough profiled .
Then the muzzle end is rough profiled .
Now I finish by cutting away the journal in the middle .
Here is what the barrel looks like after rough profiling is done .
Now I thread for the barrel extension .
The last profiling cuts bring the barrel to it 's final diameters .
If the muzzle is to be threaded , it is also done now before crowning .
The crown is cut using a specially ground cutter that is kept razor sharp .
This is very important to have a burr - free crown that is perfectly perpendicular to the bore .
The chamber is reamed to depth using proprietary gauging equipment along the way .
I use floating pilot reamers and fit the pilot bushings to the bore on every barrel .
A floating reamer holder ensures that the reamer follows the bore and that the throat is centered properly in the bore .
This is one of the most important factors in getting a barrel to shoot tight groups .
The extension gets installed and final headspace checked .
Chromoly barrels get the extension removed and get sent out for parkerizing .
Stainless barrels continue through the process until finished .
Here the pin hole is drilled into the barrel and the pin pressed into place .
The extension can not be removed after this .
The last step is to drill the gas port .
The port gets drilled undersized , then followed up with larger drill sizes in very small steps to eliminate any burrs inside the bore .
Barrels that are used with setscrew attached gas blocks get a detent drilled .
This makes assembly really easy as you simply tighten the gas block 's setscrew into this detent and the gas port is properly aligned .
Thamiris '
Sexed -Up
Grammar Guide
Disclaimer
Please note that this grammar guide is attached to a site that features explicit slash , gay erotica featuring media characters , in this case mostly the men from Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Since I know this has been an issue of debate in various places , I am indeed a woman , so if you have archaic notions of sexuality and gender , get over them .
This chick likes it dirty .
___ Grammar .
Punctuation .
We despise them , yet they 're essential elements to good story - writing .
The question : how to make people care ?
I 've come up with a solution : Ares , god of war .
You do n't care about comma splices ?
What if Ares licks your ear while he explains the ins and outs of the rules ?
Sound a little more enticing ?
Let 's try it out .
If you have no sense of humor , leave now .
Index
| The Semi-Colon | The Apostrophe | The Comma | The Colon | Punctuating Dialogue | The Passive Voice |
| Concise Sentences | Clauses | Links |
The Semi-Colon ( ;)
Ares , staring deeply into your eyes , hard body pressed against yours , leans forward , whispering in your ear .
" A semi-colon , " he begins , his hot breath sending a shiver down your spine , " separates two independent clauses .
Let me show you .
I want to fuck you ; you want to fuck me .
See ?
Each independent clause , or complete sentence , is divided by a semi- colon , not --" he pauses here , eyes darkening with anger , " Not with a comma .
If you use a comma , that 's a comma splice .
It 's like shaving my head ; it breaks all natural laws .
And you do n't want that , do you ? "
He pauses , flexing those amazing pecs .
" Let 's try one more .
' The god ran his fingers through his thick curls ; she could only gasp in amazement . '
See ?
Use a semi-colon , not a comma there .
If you do it right , I 'll consider running my tongue up and down your body . "
* See below for a fuller definition of clauses .
The Apostrophe ( ') a ) Possession
Ares ' body .
Ares ' bulging biceps .
Ares ' hard thighs .
The god 's sweaty back .
The god 's taut nipples .
I 'm using the apostrophe to signal possession .
The body belongs to Ares , and that 's what the apostrophe indicates here .
( You do n't need to add the extra s if the word ends with an s. ) b) Contraction
The apostrophe is also used to indicate missing letters .
I can't wait to grab that ass .
Ca n't is a contraction ; the apostrophe lets you know that something 's not there .
It 's just been squeezed down for space .
So ' I can not wait ' becomes ' I can't wait . '
Listen to how you speak .
You contract everything .
But contraction is really a shortening of longer words .
With all this talk of contracting , I 'm seeing the muscles of Ares ' ass contracting as he thrusts inside me .
Yeah , me .
It 's my grammar guide , so let me have him for a minute or two .
Trick : when you see an apostrophe , try to insert missing letters .
If you can't , you know it 's possessive .
Its vs It's
Its , without the apostrophe , is possessive .
Its slick head felt hot against my fingers .
The slick head belongs to the its ( the cock ) .
It 's , with the apostrophe , is a contraction .
It 's [ it is ] too bad I can't feel his cock pressing against me .
Your vs You're
Your , without the apostrophe , is possessive .
Your god is a beautiful stud .
The god belongs to you .
You 're , with the apostrophe and e , is a contraction .
You 're [ you are ] hot for Ares .
Whose vs Who's
Whose , without the apostrophe , is possessive .
The god , in whose body all desire resides .
The body belongs to the god .
Who 's , with the apostrophe , is a contraction .
The god , who 's [ who is ] so delicious , got naked .
The Comma ( , ) Ares breathes heavily .
You can sense his annoyance even through his arousal .
Why ?
Because he hates commas .
He loathes the high school teacher who told you to put one " when you take a breath . "
Problem : that 's not how commas work .
Calm down , Ares .
You explain , lover .
He licks his lips , then begins to speak : " Commas usually function within sentences to separate elements .
I 'm going to give you some pointers .
Remember , of course , that I 'm naked while I demonstrate comma use . "
Commas are used :
To separate independent clauses linked by a coordinating conjunction ( for , and , or , so , but , nor , yet ) .
Ares is a beautiful god , yet he is never naked on tv .
To set off most introductory elements .
An introductory element modifies a word or words in the main ( independent ) clause that follows .
Unfortunately , we never see Ares ' ass .
Even if Ares had a twin , we 'd never see the twin 's ass .
To set off non-restrictive elements .
What ?
Let Ares explain , while he massages your back .
" Commas around part of a sentence often signal that the element is not essential to the meaning of the sentence .
This non-restrictive element may modify or rename the word it refers to , but it does not limit the word to a particular individual or group . "
He smiles seductively , then offers an example of a sentence with non-restrictive elements : T he gods , who reside on Mount Olympus , like to have sex .
They 're all there , and they all like sex .
The middle part 's non-restrictive .
By contrast , a restrictive element does limit the word it refers to : the element cannot be omitted without leaving the meaning too general .
Because it is essential , a restrictive element is not set off with commas .
The gods who reside on Mount Olympus like to have sex .
Those who do n't live on Olympus might not like sex .
Not liking sex would be a good reason to move away from Olympus .
To separate items in a series .
The god loves leather , earrings , and virgins .
To separate coordinate adjectives .
Ares is a tall , studly hunk .
These are the basic functions of the comma .
The Colon ( :)
Oh , Ares , the colon is one of the most misused of all punctuation marks , and yet it 's one of the sexiest .
Turn it sideways , and what do we have ?
A punctuation mark that looks like your eyes , or better yet , your balls .
Maybe that 's why people use colons so often , when they really want commas .
So what does a colon do , exactly , other than put lusty thoughts into my head ?
In brief , you can use a colon to introduce statements that summarize , restate or explain what is said in an independent clause .
( See below for a discussion of independent clauses . )
Ares , head thrown back , curls hanging down his back , thunders a warning : " A colon can introduce a list only when the words before the colon are an independent clause ! "
If you really want to suck Ares ' cock , you need to do three things : take out his cock ; get on your knees ; and open your mouth .
You use the colon in the above example because the section before it appears is an independent clause , while the section after explains what is said in that clause .
That introductory section has to be independent , otherwise you go to grammar hell .
A colon can also introduce an appositive , a word or words that rename a noun or pronoun , but only if the introductory words form an independent clause .
The temple of Ares has one outstanding feature : the big , bad god of war .
[ " The big , bad god of war " renames ' the feature ' . ]
A colon can introduce a quotation , but only if the words before the colon are an independent clause .
Use a comma , not a colon , if the words before the quotation are not an independent clause .
Ares , voice low like a lion 's growl , insists you 're the only lover for him : " I want you .
I need you .
Now fuck me . "
When the first independent clause explains or summarizes the second independent clauses , a colon can separate them .
I 'll never forget the first time he slid that thick juicy cock into me : I was lying on my bed and then he entered me without warning .
Misusing the Colon
A complete independent clauses must come before a colon , except with standard material , like chapters and verses of the Bible .
You 're starting to see a pattern , right ?
When you do n't have an independent clause in the introductory part , you do n't use a colon .
NO : The god fucked : Iphicles , you , and Hercules .
YES : The god fucked Iphicles , you and Hercules .
The words or phrases such as , including , and like can be tricky : do n't let them lure you into using a colon incorrectly .
NO :
The god complained about a number of things , such as : his father 's neglect , Hercules ' mockery , and the tight leather chafing his cock .
YES :
The god complained about a number of things , such as his father 's neglect , Hercules ' mockery , and the tight leather chafing his cock .
Do n't use a colon to separate a phrase or dependent clause from an independent clause : NO : Day after day : the war god kissed you .
YES : Day after day , the war god kissed you .
NO : At the day 's end : he pushed you onto the bed and licked your nipples .
YES :
At the day 's end , he pushed you onto the bed and licked your nipples .
Punctuating Dialogue Dialogue confuses people .
It 's those damn quotation marks .
But punctuating dialogue is as easy as giving the war god a hard - on .
" Spread for me , " Ares said .
Note the comma after the final word in the quotation mark .
It goes there because the speech is followed by a speaking verb ( " said " ) .
Let 's do some more : " Lick the head of my cock , " the war god whispered .
He pulled it from the tight leather .
" Do it now . "
If the action following the dialogue does not involve speech , but a different type of physical gesture , then you put a period .
" I love you . "
He looked you up and down , smiling provocatively .
See ?
Ares is looking , and he can't look ' I love you ' .
He can whisper it , scream it , moan it , hiss it , but he can't look it .
So a period follows the speech , because he is speaking , then doing something else .
You smiled back .
" I love you , too . "
Again , no comma here , because the action prefacing the dialogue is not speech - based .
You can't smile the words , so they stand separately from the dialogue .
You 're smiling , then you 're speaking .
Ares opened his arms .
" Come here and fuck me , " he commanded .
You wanted to say no , but he was naked and hard , so what could you do ?
" Ok , Ares , you big , horny stud . "
Your tongue slid over your dry lips .
" I 'm ready when you are , " you told him .
Notice , too , that I 've double - spaced between the dialogue .
This is a convention in fanfic , and you must follow it .
The Passive Voice
As the god of war , Ares despises the passive voice .
It disgusts and horrifies him .
Instead , he loves the active voice .
He 's butch and he 's bad , and so is the active voice .
It rocks .
The above sentences are written in the active voice .
In all cases , the subject of the sentence is clearly performing the action .
The active voice kicks in fiction : it 's direct , powerful , hard - hitting -- just like the god himself .
The passive voice , on the other hand , bites ( and not in a good way ) .
It forces you to produce wordier , more convoluted and generally slower sentences .
Active : Ares despises the passive voice .
Passive :
The passive voice is despised by Ares .
See ?
The second one is unnecessarily wordy since the god of war likes it hard and fast .
You know what I 'm talking about .
Active :
Ares thrust his tongue down your throat .
Passive : Ares ' tongue was thrust down your throat .
Oh , no !
In the second one , we 've lost Ares .
He 's not doing the action anymore , and we want him to thrust .
Oh yes , yes .
Ares leans forward , putting his hand on your thigh .
" If you 're still not sure how to identify the passive voice , " he says seductively , " look for telltale words like by and was .
They wo n't always tell you , but they 'll help . "
As a reward for paying attention , he slips his hand higher .
Writing Concise Sentences
Use strong verbs , such as slice , bicker and lick , because they energize sentences .
Weak verbs usually carry extra baggage , too , such as unneeded prepositional phrases and long , abstract nouns or adjectives .
Clauses Clause : A group of related words containing a subject and predicate .
Ares rolls his eyes .
" Predicate " is the kind of word that scares people -- maybe that 's why it appeals to the god of war .
A predicate is simply the part of a sentence that contains the verb and tells what the subject is doing or experiencing , or what is being done to the subject .
An independent ( main ) clause can stand by itself as a sentence .
It contains a subject and a predicate .
The big , naked , gorgeous god of war smiled .
[ complete subject ] [ complete predicate ] A subordinate ( dependent ) clauses servers as a single part of speech and so cannot stand by itself as a sentence .
Independent clauses :
We will always love Ares .
Subordinate clause :
We will always love Ares if he takes his shirt off .
Links A Dialogue and Writing Lesson
Doctor Merlin's Guide to Fan Fiction
Guide to Grammar and Writing
Torch 's Links Page ( last few sections deal specifically with writing )
The Transitive Demigod
The Writer 's Tool Box ( lots of links ) * I mention Eric S. above , and I want to thank him and everyone else who has contributed in some way to this guide .
| Home | Slash | Recs | Essays | Gallery | Grammar | Links | New | Rings | Ares List | Journal |
| Contact Thamiris |
A young Texas father has been found guilty today of badly injuring his infant daughter by putting her in a microwave .
The jurors rejected 20 - year - old Joshua Mauldin 's argument that he was insane .
They will now consider evidence on how to sentence him .
He could face anything from probation to life in prison .
Mauldin claimed he was going through a psychotic episode when he put two - month - old Ana in a microwave for 10 to 20 seconds in May .
But prosecutors said Mauldin knowingly hurt his daughter because he was angry about being stuck in a loveless marriage .
Ana was badly burned and part of one ear had to be amputated .
Officials say she is still receiving treatment , but is doing well .
Heathrow 's new £ 4.3 billion showcase terminal suffered a disastrous opening day today with flights cancelled , luggage delayed and long queues .
A succession of teething problems with the new Terminal 5 ( T5 ) led to the sort of problems all too familiar at the west London airport .
The airport 's operator , BAA , and airline British Airways , for whom the new terminal has been built after years in the planning , had hoped that the new facility would mean a fresh start for Heathrow .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But BA was forced to cancel 34 short - haul and domestic flights and had to admit that despite lots of rehearsals there had been a problem with " staff familiarisation with the terminal " .
One problem seemed to follow another after the day had got off to a good start with the first flight arriving from Hong Kong eight minutes early at 4.42 am .
First , staff had problems with the car park , then a computer problem led to some departing flights having to leave with no luggage aboard .
Downstairs in the giant building , passengers off the first Hong Kong flight all got their bags in quick time .
But soon it was clear there were major problems with baggage reclaim , with some passengers having to wait as long as two - and - a - half hours to collect their cases .
By lunch time the knock - on affect of all the problems lead BA to cancel 20 flights - a figure which later increased to 34 .
In early afternoon , a huge , snaky queue of more than 100 people wound back from the cancellation flights desk as people lined up to try to get away on other flights or get refunds .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
To add to the difficulties the luggage belt in one part of the departure lounge failed and passengers were moved further down to a workable area .
Some of those arriving early at the airport were quick to praise the magnificence of the new building which had been officially opened two weeks ago by the Queen .
But even from early morning , some passengers were moaning .
They said that the road signs were not clear outside the terminal and that they were given wrong directions once inside .
British Airways said that teething problems had included " car parking provision , delays in staff security screening and staff familiarisation with the terminal " .
The airline added : " We have also had some baggage performance issues . "
Record production impresario Sir George Martin , famous for his work with The Beatles , was among those caught up in the difficulties .
He and his wife , Lady Martin , had arrived around two hours before their flight to Zurich only to find it was over - booked .
Sir George said : " When I came here I was very excited about the new terminal , but not now . "
The couple were eventually helped by a BA staff member who was able to finally get them away on their flight after all .
Some passengers were downright angry .
Kate Adamson , 39 , travelling from Frankfurt with her daughter Olivia , five , walked out of the baggage reclaim without her luggage after failing to reconnect with her bags after 90 minutes .
Mrs Adamson , who was visiting her parents in Maidenhead , Berkshire , said : " I am furious .
Staff have been really surly .
I 've given up .
They can send my bags on to me . "
Passengers stuck in the baggage reclaim area complained that there were no announcements or that they were merely told there was a " technical problem " .
Insurance broker Michael Barnfield , travelling in from Miami with his son Charles , was among those who had a two - hour wait for luggage .
Visibly angry , he said : " First we spent ages on the tarmac and then we walked through a filthy corridor before getting a coach to the terminal .
" Then we had 40 minutes to get through immigration followed by an hour waiting for our bags .
I know there are teething problems , but gee . "
In the long queue for those who had missed or cancelled flights were retired university lecturer Walter Henry , 66 , from Holloway , north London , and his wife Helen .
Mr Henry said he 'd arrived in good time for a flight to Basle only to be " given six different directions from six different people to the departure lounge " .
Having missed their flight the couple were hoping to get away later today .
The first flight had as its commander Captain Lynn Barton , 51 , who was BA 's first ever woman pilot .
Passengers on the first Hong Kong flight received special mementoes of the day as did those on the first departing flight from T5 , which pushed off the stand on time at 6.20 am bound for Paris .
The first passenger to arrive at the terminal - for that Paris flight - was Paul Walker , 31 , a Nairobi - based Briton .
He was greeted at the terminal by BA chief executive Willie Walsh who had also seen in the Nairobi opening flight .
Mr Walker said he had been " thoroughly impressed " with T5 .
The first person off the initial Hong Kong flight was Clare Hammond , 44 , from Greenwich , south London , who described it as a " momentous occasion " adding that BA had " really made every effort " .
BA tonight stressed the 34 cancellations was out of 380 flights taking off and landing at T5 on its opening day .
The airline also felt that it was important to bear in mind that there had been a huge operation overnight moving much of BA 's Heathrow operation into the new terminal .
The big disappointment for the airline , and for BAA , will be the baggage problems today , especially as both companies had trumpeted the sophisticated nature of the new baggage set - up at T5 which is capable of handling - if all goes well - 12,000 bags an hour .
BA also stressed that no amount of rehearsals and dummy runs can really replicate a working day with real passengers , real planes and real luggage .
Newly Released Government Documents Show Special Forces Used Illegal Interrogation Techniques In Afghanistan
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 or ( 646 ) 785-1894 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties Union obtained documents today from the Department of Defense confirming the military ’s use of unlawful interrogation methods on detainees held in U.S. custody in Afghanistan .
The documents from the military ’s Criminal Investigation Division ( CID ) , obtained as a result of the ACLU ’s Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit , include the first on - the - ground reports of torture in Gardez , Afghanistan to be publicly released .
“ These documents make it clear that the military was using unlawful interrogation techniques in Afghanistan , ” said Amrit Singh , an attorney with the ACLU .
“ Rather than putting a stop to these systemic abuses , senior officials appear to have turned a blind eye to them . ”
Special Operations officers in Gardez admitted to using what are known as Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape ( SERE ) techniques , which for decades American service members experienced as training to prepare for the brutal treatment they might face if captured .
Today ’s documents reveal charges that Special Forces beat , burned , and doused eight prisoners with cold water before sending them into freezing weather conditions .
One of the eight prisoners , Jamal Naseer , died in U.S. custody in March 2003 .
In late 2004 , the military opened a criminal investigation into charges of torture at Gardez .
Despite numerous witness statements describing the evidence of torture , the military ’s investigation concluded that the charges of torture were unsupported .
It also concluded that Naseer ’s death was the result of a “ stomach ailment , ” even though no autopsy had been conducted in his case .
Documents uncovered today also refer to sodomy committed by prison guards ; the victims ’ identities are redacted .
“ These documents raise serious questions about the adequacy of the military ’s investigations into prisoner abuse , ” added Singh .
The ACLU also obtained today a file today related to the death of Muhammad Al Kanan , a prisoner held at Camp Bucca in Iraq .
The file reveals that British doctors refused to issue a death certificate for fear of being sued for malpractice :
www.aclu.org/pdfs/safefree/20080416/CID_ROI_Bucca.pdf
In October 2003 , the ACLU – along with the Center for Constitutional Rights , Physicians for Human Rights , Veterans for Common Sense , and Veterans for Peace – filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act for records concerning the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody abroad .
To date , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU 's FOIA lawsuit .
Attorneys in the FOIA case are Lawrence S. Lustberg and Melanca D. Clark of the New Jersey - based law firm Gibbons , P.C. ; Jameel Jaffer , Singh and Judy Rabinovitz of the ACLU ; Arthur Eisenberg and Beth Haroules of the New York Civil Liberties Union ; and Shayana Kadidal and Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
In addition , many of the FOIA documents are also located and summarized in a recently published book by Jaffer and Singh , Administration of Torture .
More information is available online at :
www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
The documents received in the ACLU ’s FOIA litigation are online at :
www.aclu.org/torturefoia
All of today ’s documents are available at :
www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/34922res20080416.html
DETROIT --
She told a jury that she is afraid of police and will never again wear orange .
It 's the color of jail inmates .
Sue A. Letterman said the experience at the Saginaw County Jail when guards forced her to strip in a cold , dirty cell humiliated her .
Letterman testified Friday in U.S. District Court that she ended up in jail , 208 S. Harrison in Saginaw , when police arrested her on suspicion of operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated .
She is one of four plaintiffs who testified in the so - called " naked detention " case against Saginaw County .
Justin D. Anderson , Joshua Fuller and Matthew J. Starkweather also testified .
All of the plaintiffs were in jail for drunken driving , and all testified they caused a commotion .
Sheriff Charles L. Brown , who came to power in 1998 , has said the jail 's policy of detaining unruly inmates naked ceased in 2001 after five years in operation .
Attorneys for the sheriff maintain the practice began in 1996 after an inmate hung himself with his jail jumpsuit in a segregation cell .
Letterman , of Birch Run , said that on Sept. 21 , 1999 , she was combative , disruptive to jail guards and was upset because officers refused to let her call her daughters to let them know where she was .
" It 's like no one was listening , " said Letterman , 55 .
She said she grabbed a roll of toilet paper in the holding cell and threw it to get someone 's attention .
The guards , three males and one female , then opened the door and forcibly escorted her down a narrow hall to a segregated cell , she said .
" One male officer said ' you take your clothes off , or we 'll take them off for you , ' "
Letterman said .
Fearing what would happen if she did n't comply , she said she disrobed in front of the officers .
Letterman said the cell was cold , dirty , and the toilet seat had urine stains .
She said the officers refused to give her a blanket , so she huddled down .
In 2001 , 74 plaintiffs filed lawsuits claiming that jail officials removed them from the general population , placed them in segregated areas and strip - searched them .
This week , 10 plaintiffs settled their cases through mediation .
Authorities have not revealed the amounts of their payouts .
Judge David M. Lawson , who is presiding over the trial , dismissed 13 suits because the litigants did n't keep in touch with their lawyers .
The judge has not set a date for the remaining plaintiffs to try their cases .
Anderson told the jury of two men and six women that Frankenmuth police officers took him to jail on drunken driving charges in September 2000 .
While in a holding cell , he said authorities questioned him about a missing girl .
" I was angry , " said Anderson , a 29 - year - old auto technician who lives in Bridgeport Township .
" I was already scared for being arrested .
They started questioning me about the girl .
I had no knowledge . "
Anderson said he became verbally abusive to the three male guards , and they grabbed him , removed him from the holding cell and took him to the segregated room .
He said they told him to remove his clothes .
He did , saying , " I was afraid that they were going to beat me . "
Anderson said the cell was dirty and cold , and the officers refused to give him a blanket .
He said he wanted to press charges against the officers , but his attorney at the time , which he did n't name , was n't interested in pursuing the case .
Fuller told jurors that when he was in jail in November 2000 the guards refused to let him make a phone call .
Fuller , 26 , of Saginaw said he kicked the cell door .
He said three officers opened the door , entered the cell and told him to remove his clothes or they would do it .
One of the guards then sprayed mace in his eyes , pushed him to the ground and started taking his clothes off , Fuller said .
" While they were taking my clothes off I started to help them , " he said .
After sitting on the dirty cell floor , Fuller said one of the guards asked him if he was doing OK , and he said he was fine .
The guard responded with a laugh and said " good , you can stay in longer , " Fuller said .
Fuller said he started banging on the door when he heard a male voice coming from a vent .
The voice told him to do pushups to keep warm , he said .
He said he also took paper off the walls and laid on them and curled up to keep warm because the guards refused to give him a blanket .
" It was very embarrassing , " Fuller said .
Starkweather testified that he was in jail June 11 , 2000 ; he was disruptive and giving the guards a hard time because he wanted to know when they would release him .
Two guards entered the holding cell and removed him , he said .
" I knew I was in trouble , but I was n't sure where I was going , " said Starkweather , 31 , formerly of Thomas Township and now lives in Bath .
" I thought I was going to get beat up . "
He said he was scared and was apologetic to the guards , but they continued escorting him down the hall to the segregation cell where they ordered him to remove his clothes .
He said he abided by the order and begged for the return of the clothes , but the guards ignored him .
" I just could n't believe that was happening to me , " said a teary - eyed Starkweather .
He said his rights were violated , he was disgusted , afraid and ashamed of what happened to him .
Plaintiffs attorney Michael L. Pitt of Royal
Oak told jurors the case is about damages his clients should n't have had to expose their naked body to strangers , which violates their civil rights .
Each plaintiff sat in the dirty cells for at least five hours , he said .
" This was an enormous injustice , " Pitt said .
" What happened to them was unspeakable . "
Bloomfield Hills attorney James E. Tamm , who represents Saginaw County , told jurors that the jail 's policy was unconstitutional .
" It was wrong , and it was no an appropriate policy , " he said .
" The issue is whether or not they had damages , " Tamm said .
" Their rights were violated , but what was the damage ? "
The plaintiffs will not meet their burden of proof to prove they suffered injuries , he said .
The trial was to resume Monday when the county will begin calling witnesses .
HOME | CHURCH JOB OPENINGS | ABOUT MMI | CATEGORIES OF INTEREST | CONTACT US
Would You Accept an Invitation to Speak with the Dalai Lama , Bishop Tutu , and Pravrajika Vrajaprana ?
Orginally published on Monday , April 07 , 2008 at 7:24 AM
by Todd Rhoades
I know that we kind of poke when some blogs get mad at ' their own ' like John Piper for sharing the stage with a person such as Mark Driscoll .
But , would you accept an invitation to speak at an " InterSpiritual " day that featured people like the Dalai Lama and top Hindu , Islamic , and Sikh leaders ?
Rob Bell and Doug Pagitt have .
They 'll be sharing at the Seeds of Compassion event in Seattle later this month .
I 'm wondering ... what could the end result of this day be for the Christians involved ?
What 's the end game on this one ?
For your response :
1 . Would you speak at an event like this .
( Obviously , I know that Rob Bell and Doug Pagitt are not endorsing the other speakers on the platform , but this does feed into the criticism both have had from inside the Christian camp , does it not ? )
2 . What good could come out of an event like this one ?
( I ’ve thought about it and could n’t really come up with anything ) .
Todd
This post has been viewed 1954 times so far .
There are 108 Comments :
At a preview of his new ' Change Congress ' project , the Stanford professor took a swipe at the Pirate Party of the United States .
Whilst expressing skepticism about it 's utility , his main criticism seemed to be the name .
Lawrence Lessig appears to be in and out of the tech news recently – the will - he - wo n ’t - he run for Congress , has caused a storm of blog - posts this last month alone .
Having declined to run on the democratic party ticket , he has now started criticizing other parties .
At a preview of his new Change Congress project at the ETech conference , the Creative Commons founder responded to a question about the US Pirate Party , saying “ I ’m skeptical of the utility of something like the Pirate Party in the United States . ”
He went on to comment about the naming , referring to the ‘ honest business fighting illegitimate thieves ‘ battle that Hollywood portrays with “ Call your party the Pirate Party , and you ’ll reinforce that .
The branding is not one that I would embrace here in the United States . ”
Naturally , the Pirate Party of the US disagrees .
“ As a professor , he should know better than to advocate judging a book by it ’s cover ” says Andrew Norton , head of the US Pirate Party .
“ It ’s also unusual that the man that fought Hollywood ’s increase of copyright , should find fault with a party that only seeks to represent the general public , and what better title than the name that Hollywood is using for all citizens . ” referring to a recent study , ( pdf ) which suggested that everyone violates copyright , and are thus pirates , every day .
“ It may , however , be that he feels since we are called ‘ The Pirate Party ’ , that at some point we may advocate Piracy , or at least copyright infringement .
We do not , and will not , promote the breaking of any law , criminal or civil , ” added Norton .
“ We , like Prof . Lessig , stand squarely behind the political process , and hope that people will use their ability to vote , to vote for the candidates they want , rather than the so - called ‘ tactical voting ’ which has turned current US politics into the sham it is .
In this , we are willing and eager to work with the Change Congress campaign in any way we can . ”
These sentiments regarding the political process in the US have suddenly come to a head , with Independent Presidential Candidate Ralph Nader condemning the current political setup .
On an appearance on the hugely popular Daily Show Tuesday , he commented “ The two parties have shut out the people in Washington .
It ’s corporate occupied territory . ”
He later went on to comment about how the two parties have rigged things so it ’s hard for any other party to even get on the ballot , which the Pirate Party knows only too well .
“ Many states bury their party registration requirements in vast amounts of legalese , ” says Norton .
“ Other states do n’t publish it clearly , and do n’t respond to requests for information on it .
Government is supposed to exist for the benefit of the people , but right now , it ’s benefiting the lawyers , and those that can pay for them . ”
Can Lessig really ‘ Change Congress ’ ?
It all depends if he will see past names , to the actual issues they hide .
Exclusive to STR
March 31 , 2008
" We do n't read about dinosaurs . "
Calvin , from Calvin & Hobbes
Contrary to what I used to believe , what everyone else believed , and even the artist himself may have believed , Calvin was not a rotten little kid .
He had a vivid imagination , amazing coping ability , and an indomitable spirit .
In my opinion , his rottenness is almost entirely the fault of well - meaning parents who simply misunderstood him , the poisonous instrument of television , and the hideous nature of regimented schooling .
It is the last of these three influences on the fictional Calvin that will take up the bulk of my article .
But allow me to digress .
A few months ago , when starting work with the fourth company I have worked for in a certain corporate industry , one for which I now have no respect , and never wanted to be involved in but for the lack of preparation in my personal life that now requires me to hand over too much of my time , we had a fire drill in the office building where I worked .
That 's when it dawned on me what was going on .
I 'll tell you later what happened on that warm , spring day .
Now let me detour once more to tell you of my experience while watching " Saving Private Ryan . "
My biggest observation of this film , once I was able to get past the grotesque and unrelenting violence , was that these men were subjected to rather bizarre extremes of having nothing to do -- utter , complete boredom -- alternating with abject , white - knuckled dread .
Now that I have you thoroughly confused , let me get back to this wonderful comic strip .
If you are n't familiar with Calvin & Hobbes , as a freedom - lover or freedom - seeker , you should get familiar .
In its day this was one of the few strips out there that truly understood what children are up against .
As time moves on and this strip fades from memory ( unlike Peanuts , which is still being published in newspapers as re-runs long after its creator died ) , it will be increasingly important to keep the lessons of these cartoons in our collective memory .
As this strip clearly shows , Calvin has nothing but utter contempt for his school , as did I for mine .
Calvin 's fantasies are clearly more violent than mine .
( All I ever wanted to do was stay home sick . )
Bill Watterson , the creator , apparently got a lot of angry letters after that one was published .
He seems to think , as I do , that there are a lot of people out there who do n't remember school very well .
Let me tell you this : the ruling elite of this world are counting on that .
If there is to be any hope for humanity , there must be people out there who not only remember , but also warn .
I believe that Watterson was doing so , and I , for one , will go out on a limb ( what else do I have to lose , after all ) and say what needs to be said :
There is nothing salvageable or redeemable about this institution .
Do whatever you can to keep your kids away from it .
If you really do n't think you can , then do n't have them .
If it 's too late , and you find yourself a single parent with the threat of the state taking them away from you if you do n't comply , do your best to band together with other single parents and create your own learning environments .
You may try to contact some of these schools if one is not in your local area , to find out how you can create one for your kids .
If you are unable to keep your kids away from public school , then you must adopt a mindset like I have for my job , where I have accepted that for now , I am too weak to find work with integrity .
You will have to content yourself with knowing that you may love your children , but you are too weak to save them from the scars they will inevitably and undeniably have from being subjected to public schooling .
I say this even though I have parents who not only bought into the system , but are still collecting pensions from the state after having taught in the system .
I say this even though it was in school band where I first really got turned on to classical music ( although this would have undoubtedly happened in the absence of school ) .
I say this even though there were teachers I greatly appreciated , especially Mrs. Jones , my ninth - grade English teacher , who was the only teacher I ever had ( including college ) who could lecture for the entire hour and keep my attention .
I say this because it is true , and because no matter the good intentions of Mom , Dad , my band teacher and Mrs. Jones , what I really learned in public school , the most important lessons I took from it , are all wrong .
I will probably have to spend the rest of my life throwing off what I 've learned .
I will have to unlearn a great deal , just like Calvin , if he were real , would have to do .
There is not a single Calvin & Hobbes comic strip that has anything positive to say about this institution .
Just use the search engine in the link at the beginning of this article and type in ' school . '
You will be taken from one strip to another where Calvin is bored , anxious , unhappy , disgusted , hopeless , daydreaming , or scared .
The only school - related strips where Calvin is in a better mood have to do with recess or grossing out Susie at lunch ( an episode that got Calvin & Hobbes cancelled at one local paper ) .
His teacher is named Miss Wormwood , after the apprentice devil in C.S. Lewis 's The Screwtape Letters .
Think about it .
That 's not a joke the average reader would get .
Just what is Watterson trying to say ?
As John I. Goodlad said in his book A Place Called School , " No more important finding has emerged from the inquiries of our study than that the American high school student , as student , is all too often docile , compliant , and without initiative . "
This comes as no surprise to John Taylor Gatto , who warned in The Underground History of American Education that our system of schooling is modeled after the Prussian system , which started in the 19th Century .
Let 's see now , what happened in that area of the world right after the end of that century ?
The connection seems even to have escaped Winston Groom , author of A Storm in Flanders , who wrote , " By the end of the nineteenth century the German public school system had eliminated illiteracy . "
What good does that ability do if it comes at this price ?
Note to Mr. Groom : Dead men can't read .
This is what Calvin , and now I , understand about public schooling .
It kills the spirit , and both of us retreated into television to salve the wounds .
Unlike the fictional Calvin , however , I did n't realize what was happening until it was too late .
Which brings me back to my first digression .
We were all on our way out of the building .
It was a beautiful day just a couple of years ago , when I was 36 .
All of a sudden it dawned on me .
We did this in school .
We had countless fire drills , and I was always pleased , not for the same reasons as Calvin , but because it gave us a break from the tedium .
I could either talk with my friends , or at least breathe some fresh air for a bit before going back to something I usually did n't want to be doing .
Only now , as an adult , I found it tiresome and rather aggravating .
I walked along the side of the parking lot and realized that we were being treated like children .
What j***- off bureaucrat dreamed up this idea that grown men and women , when faced with an emergency , are not going to know what to do ?
These are the same f***s that told people at the World Trade Center , " Building Two is secure .
There is no need to evacuate Building Two . "
Was I being prepared for safety when I was evacuated from the school all those times , or was I being prepared for compliance ?
How many more docile , compliant office workers died on 9/11 as a result of the above announcement ?
As for my second digression , what I saw in " Saving Private Ryan " reminds me , although with a great deal less violence and gore , of my experience , and Calvin's , in public schooling : long bouts of boredom punctuated every once in a while by the anxiety of being singled out for humiliation or actual physical abuse , usually by the school bully , the school jock ( so very often one in the same ) , or sometimes even one of the teachers .
So permit me to list , in order of importance from worse to worst , the life lessons I , and all the other non-fictional Calvins out there , learned from former - factory / now - corporate government schools :
10 . Grades are important .
Make your report card look good .
You need a degree -- any degree - - to land and keep a good job .
9 . Stay away from the weird kids , especially when they 're being made fun of .
8. Adults are not going to help you with anything that matters .
Their world is separate .
7 . You 're on your own .
It 's a dog - eat - dog world .
6 . You can have the life you dream of after you are certified by experts .
5. Freedom is n't free .
4 . If you are gifted and talented , life will be handed to you on a silver platter , unlike the dumb kids .
3 . You need permission to piss .
2 . Wait out your time .
Life is filled with drudgery .
Just get through it as best you can .
These are not exaggerations .
If your child is in school right now , this is what he is learning .
He may not realize it until he 's much older .
The worst and most dangerous lie he is imbibing is this :
1. Learning , like work , is not meant to be enjoyable .
Now go back to the first link to the first cartoon and read it again .
How funny is it , really ?
日中の間外出してお日様の光を受けたといった場合は、ビタミンCであったりリコピンなど美白効果のある食品を主体的に摂り込むことが肝要です。
濃い目の化粧をすると、それを取り除く為に通常以上のクレンジング剤を使用することになり、結局のところ肌にダメージが残ることになるのです。敏感肌じゃないとしても、できる限り回数を抑えるように気をつけましょう。
サンスクリーングッズは肌に対して負荷が大きいものが珍しくありません。敏感肌だとおっしゃる方は赤ん坊にも利用してもOKだとされる肌に刺激を与えないものを使用するようにして紫外線対策を行いましょう。
紫外線を大量に浴び続けることになってしまった日の帰宅後には、美白化粧品を使って肌を修復してあげてほしいです。放ったらかしにしているとシミが発生する原因になると聞きます。
ニキビのケアで大事になってくるのが洗顔になりますが、感想に目をやってそのまま選定するのはお勧めできません。それぞれの肌の現況を考えて選定すべきです。
美肌をゲットしたいと言うなら、タオル生地を見なおすことをおすすめします。ロープライスのタオルと言ったら化学繊維で作られることが一般的なので、肌に負担をかけることがわかっています。
泡立てネットと言いますのは、洗顔石鹸とか洗顔フォームが残ったままになることがほとんどだと言え、黴菌が蔓延しやすいといったウィークポイントがあると言われます。面倒くさくても2、3ヶ月に１回は買い替えるべきだと思います。
小さい子供の方が地面（コンクリート）に近い位置を歩くということになるので、照り返しの関係により身長がずっと高い成人よりも紫外線による影響が大きくなるのが普通です。大人になった時にシミに苦労することがないようにする為にも日焼け止めを塗布した方が良いでしょう。
赤ちゃんが誕生後はホルモンバランスの異常や睡眠不足で肌荒れが発生しやすくなりますので、幼い子にも使えるような肌に優しい製品を常用するべきではないでしょうか？
人はどこに目をやって相手の年齢を判断するのか考えたことはありますか？実のところその答えは肌であり、たるみとかシミ、且つしわには注意を向けないとならないということなのです。
脂質の多い食品とかアルコールはしわの要因となってしまいます。年齢肌が気に掛かる人は、睡眠環境や食事内容といった基本要素に気を使わなければだめなのです。
肌のトラブルを回避する為には、肌が常に潤うように意識してください。保湿効果抜群の基礎化粧品をセレクトしてスキンケアを行いましょう。
ちゃんとスキンケアを実施すれば、肌は例外なく期待に応えてくれるでしょう。時間を惜しむことなく肌のことを気遣い保湿に頑張れば、潤いのある肌を手にすることが可能なはずです。
若年層でもしわが刻まれてしまっている人はいますが、早期に知覚して対策を講じれば快方に向かわせることもできます。しわの存在に気が付いた時は、すぐに手入れを始めるべきです。
健康的な小麦色した肌と言いますのは実にプリティーだと感じますが、シミには悩まされたくないと考えるなら、とにもかくにも紫外線は大敵と言って間違いありません。極力紫外線対策をすることが必要不可欠だと言えます。
TGセラム公式サイトが販売店最安値？70％オフ情報はココ！
I was going through my mp3 collection and noticed that I had a bunch of really geeky songs .
Then I thought , why not add a bit more fun to my blog ?
These songs are really nerdy and my readers should love them .
I 'll be posting one song each Friday until I run out of songs .
I have 6 songs at the moment , and I 'll try to find some more .
I 'll also add lyrics and some comments for people who do n't have enough nerdiness to understand it them .
The first song is called Crypto and as the title suggests , it 's about cryptography .
It 's actually parody of the Banana Boat Song by Harry Belafonte .
In this song , a cracker is trying to defeat 56 bit and 128 bit symmetric key algorithms , such as DES or RC4 that are used in secure online communications .
The 56 bit symmetric keys are no longer recommended as they can be quickly broken with special hardware and modern computers .
Download this song : crypt-o.mp3
Download lyrics : crypt-o.txt
Unfortunately , I could n't find the author of this parody song .
In case you know the author , please let me know so that I can give proper attribution .
Here is the lyrics :
Crypto
It 's in Crypto Crypto come and the crook go home Safe ?
Is it safe ?
It 's all safe Pretty safe
It 's okay It 's okay -o Cracker come but he wo n't break code World get small when the internet come Online come and we shop from home Download the software ' till the morning 's done Daylight come and me hard drive full Punch in my credit card order me a dancer Dancer come and me g-string go Come Mr. Businessman join in the bonanza Shopper come and the overhead 's low 56 bit key is a great big bunch Crypto come and the crook go home 128 bit even harder to crunch Cracker try but he just grow old Crypto , It 's in Crypto Crypto come and the cash can flow Safe ?
Is it safe ?
It 's all safe Pretty safe
It 's okay
It 's okay -o Crypto come and the crook get boned
Download Crypt-o Song
Have fun and until next geeky Friday !
By Arash Hadjialiloo , National Iranian American Council ( NIAC )
Washington DC - A March 13 event on Capitol Hill intended to expose Iran 's human rights violations was overcome with political rivalry and infighting .
The event , a one - hour briefing on Iran 's human rights record , was eventually broken up by Capitol Hill police officers .
The briefing piggy backed on a recent rise in concern over Iran 's human rights abuses , and attempted to unite several Iranian ethnic and religious minority groups .
The event , hosted by the Iran Working Group and The Leadership Council for Human Rights ( LCHR ) , was aimed at uniting some of the many factions inside Iran , but fell apart due to internal rivalries .
Iran 's Ethnic Groups ( click map to see higher resolution )
Map by BBC ; Sources : CIA World Factbook , www.citypopulation.de, GlobalSecurity ,
1996 Iran Census , Petroleum Economist , Times Atlas
The event , Iran Working Group Hearing : Assessing the Human Rights Situation of Iran 's Ethnic and Religious Groups , featured representatives from several of Iran 's ethnic and religious minorities , including Iranian Arabs , Azeris , Baha'is , Baluchis , and Kurds .
It also featured comments by Representatives Mark Kirk ( R - IL ) and Shelia Jackson - Lee ( D - TX ) .
Kirk , a Republican congressman from Illinois , is a harsh critic of the Iranian government ; while Lee has been an outspoken supporter of the Iranian Mujahedin ( MEK ) .
Kirk has urged the US to weaken Iran 's economic power by finding other energy sources for Iran 's trading partners .
He has also pushed to block an $ 870 million loan from the World Bank to Iran ( RealClearPolitics.com ) .
Lee's , a representative from Texas , took part in a 2006 rally by the Council for Democratic Change in Iran and has called for the MEK to be removed from the State Department 's terror list .
She has lauded the efforts of " sister Maryam , " a reference to present leader of the MEK , Maryam Rajavi .
" Truth is not constrained by small quarters , " said Lee at the briefing , a reference to the event being moved to a smaller conference room after a scheduling conflict .
During the question and answer period , an Iranian - American retired FBI employee ( and former colonel in the Iranian army under the Shah ) accused several of the speakers of exaggeration .
By this time , people had left their seats and several confrontations threatened to turn violent until a police officer arrived .
The temporary calm was disrupted again when another audience member questioned the motives of what he considered the " breaking up " of a unified Iranian people .
He argued that , " Iranians are one nation and we have been for thousands of years . "
The disruption that followed required two police officers to dissipate .
Despite the shared goal of regime change in Iran , the event reflected the inability of these groups to coalesce .
In an attempt to mollify the various flaring tempers , LCHR president Kathryn Porter spoke to the nature of the problem : " If you want to have revolution in Iran , if you want to change the quality of life for the people , you will find ways to work together with everyone in this room . "
About NIAC : Founded in early 2002 , the National Iranian - American Council is a non-partisan , non-political , non-sectarian , and non-profit organization dedicated to promoting Iranian - American participation in American civic life .
Is there a logic to life ?
To look at the drunks in the park , the teenage gangs gone wild , or the spread of sexually transmitted diseases because people do n't use condoms , you'd be forgiven for concluding there is not .
Think again .
The evidence for life 's logic is coming from an unexpected source : economics .
Turning their backs on the study of inflation or the stockmarket , a new breed of young economists is trying to unlock the secrets of love and sex , crime and office politics .
And they will do whatever it takes to find out the truth , whether putting subjects into a brain scanner , or persuading corporations to run huge social experiments .
They have discovered that the most unlikely people in the most unlikely circumstances are often responding rationally to incentives , subconsciously weighing up risks and rewards .
Once you see the hidden incentives behind the oddities of life , you start to see the world in a new way .
The picture is n't always pretty , but it is constantly fascinating .
So what did exist before the Big Bang ?
This question would normally belong in the realms of deep philosophical thinking ; the laws of physics have no right to probe beyond the Big Bang barrier .
There can be no understanding of what was there before .
We have no experience , no observational capability and no way of travelling back through it ( we ca n’t even calculate it ) , so how can physicists even begin to think they can answer this question ?
Well , a new study of Loop Quantum Gravity ( LQG ) is challenging this view , perhaps there is a way of looking into the pre-Big Bang “ universe ” .
And the conclusion ?
The Big Bang was more of a “ Big Bounce ” , and the pre-bounce universe had the same physics as our universe … just backwards …
Confused ?
I am …
LQG is a tough theory to put into words , but it basically addresses the problems associated with the incompatibilities behind quantum theory and general relativity , two crucial theories that characterize our universe .
If these two theories are not compatible with each other , the search for the “ Theory Of Everything ” will be hindered , disallowing gravity to merge with the “ Grand Unified Theory ” ( a.k.a. the electronuclear force ) .
LQG quantizes gravity , thereby providing a possible explanation for gravity and a possible key to unlocking the Theory Of Everything .
However , from the outset , LQG has many critics as there is little direct or indirect evidence backing up the theory .
See the previous Universe Today article on Loop Quantum Gravity »
Regardless , much work is being done into this area of research .
The primary consequence to come from LQG is that it predicts that the Big Bang which occurred 13.7 billion years ago was actually a “ Big Bounce ” ; our universe is therefore the product of a contracting universe before the Big Bang .
The previous universe ( or our universe “ twin ” ) contracted to a single point ( which could be interpreted as a “ Big Crunch ” ) and then rebounded in a Big Bounce to produce the Big Bang as we ’ve learned to accept as the birth of the universe as we know it .
But until now , although the pre-bounce universe has been predicted , its characteristics could not be known .
No information about the pre-bounce universe could be observed in today ’s universe , the Big Bounce causes a “ cosmic amnesia ” , destroying all information of the previous universe .
Now , physicists Alejandro Corichi from Universidad Nacional AutÃ³noma de MÃ©xico and Parampreet Singh from the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Ontario are working on a simplified Loop Quantum Gravity ( sLQG ) theory where they approximate the value of the “ quantum constraint ” , a key equation in the LQG theory .
What happens next is a little surprising .
From their calculations , it would appear that a universe , identical to our own , with identical mechanics , existed before the Big Bounce .
“ … the twin universe will have the same laws of physics and , in particular , the same notion of time as in ours .
The laws of physics will not change because the evolution is always unitary , which is the nicest way a quantum system can evolve .
In our analogy , it will look identical to its twin when seen from afar ; one could not distinguish them . ”
– Parampreet Singh
We are not talking about an alternate dimension ; we are talking about an identical universe with the same space - time and quantum characteristics as our own .
If we look at our universe now ( 13.7 billion years post - bounce ) , it would be identical to the universe 13.7 billion years before the Big Bounce .
The only difference being the direction of time would be opposite ; the pre-bounce universe would be reversed .
“ In the universe before the bounce , all the general features will be the same .
It will follow the same dynamical equations , the Einstein ’s equations when the universe is large .
Our model predicts that this happens when the universe becomes of the order 100 times larger than the Planck size .
Further , the matter content will be the same , and it will have the same evolution .
Since the pre-bounce universe is contracting , it will look as if we were looking at ours backward in time . ”
– Parampreet Singh
Analysing what happened before the Big Bang is only part of the story .
By making this approximation of a key LQG equation , Singh and Corichi are working on models where galaxies and other physical structures leave an imprint in the pre-bounce universe to influence the post - bounce universe .
Would these structures be distributed in similar ways ?
Will the structures in one universe be similar or identical to structures in the other universe ?
There may also be an opportunity to look into the future of this universe and predict whether the conditions are right for another Big Bounce ( once can imagine repeated bounces , producing a cycle of universes ) .
For now , this research is highly theoretical and any observational evidence will remain sparse for the time being .
Although this is the case , it does begin to probe the big question and may push physics a bit closer toward describing what existed before the Big Bang …
Source : Physorg.com
What do robots really want ?
To be human it seems , according to Daft Punk 's Electroma , a new film from the French electro music pioneers .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
The story of Electroma is simplicity itself .
Two robots ( called heroes # 1 and # 2 ) dressed in black leather biker boy ensembles ( designed by Hedi Slimane for Dior Homme ) get in a black 1987 Ferrari 412 and drive to a nearby town .
Their license plate says human , and that 's apparently what they 're after .
But on every street only robots exist .
Everywhere the townspeople are going about their daily lives -- getting married , eating ice cream cones , and mowing their lawns , each with a sleek silver helmet where their faces should be .
It 's the American dream with a metal twist .
At a nondescript building on the edge of town , the duo pulls over and enters a white laboratory where invisible technicians sculpt each a giant latex face .
These faces look suspiciously French , however , which may explain why the locals hound our heroes out of town .
Like so many musicians before them ( Jim Morrison et al ) , they take to the desert , trudging off into the endless empty wasteland .
" What the hell ? " you might well ask .
But despite the clichés , the overblown music , the sweeping cinematography , and a number of very identifiable film references , the film succeeds in making an impression .
It is strangely affecting , all the more so , for the very overt - ness of its techniques .
So , yes " What the hell , indeed ? "
How did they do it ?
Really , it ought to have been a big wank , but instead it comes damn close to art .
Masked men
It probably helps that the men behind the masks , Thomas Bangalter and Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo , had some impressive friends to call about including directors Spike Jonze and Michael Gondry , both of whom directed videos for the band .
If you do n't know anything about Daft Punk , that 's okay , I do n't know much about them either , other than the fact that they perform in robot costumes , and create music videos of startling originality .
While Electroma is the first film from Daft Punk 's production company Daft Arts , the band has been working its way up to a feature film for a while .
Their music video Technologic , directed by Bangalter and de Homem - Christo themselves , captured an MVPA nomination for Best Electronic Music Video .
They were also featured , in animated form in Leiji Matsumoto 's anime film Interstella 5555 , as well as writing and producing the film 's soundtrack .
So the Daft Punks had dipped their toes into the cinematic waters even before Electroma 's premiere at Cannes last spring .
Despite the fact that critics supposedly fled in droves , the film has gone on to garner something of a cult following , touring the world , and screening at one theatre in Paris every Saturday night .
It 's probably better if you do n't know that much about Electroma before seeing it , but the one thing you should do is see it in the theatre .
This is a film that needs the big screen , not only for the scope and clarity of its imagery , but because so much of the story is told entirely through film language .
Silent film
There is not a single spoken line of dialogue in the film , rather , the exposition such as it is , is communicated through the shot structure .
Each shot , whether it's a wide - angle of an enormous desert vista or an extreme close up of melting latex , carries meaning .
In its own way Electroma is rather classical in its construction and this type of purity reads beautifully on the big screen .
But the film is more than the sum of its parts -- shots , music and story .
From the opening images of sandstone cliffs worn into the semblance of human shapes to a bravura moment in a gas station bathroom , the film manages to pack in emotion where you least expect it -- the tilt of a robot's head , the slow trudge of booted heels into an unending desert landscape .
It is often startlingly beautiful .
Keep your eyes peeled for an especially ravishing shot of sand dunes , sculpted and smooth as human flesh that suddenly melts into the shape of an enormous pudendum .
It sounds corny , and indeed it is , but in spite of that , or maybe because of that , it succeeds .
The other thing that is most striking about Electroma is how much film can say without speaking a word .
Band member Thomas Bangalter , who functioned as the cinematographer for Electroma , supposedly read over 200 back issues of American Cinematographer prior to shooting .
( The film might find a future home in film making seminars about how to develop a story entirely through shot structure ) .
This level of obsessiveness shows in the attention to detail , as well as certain underlying boyish enthusiasm .
One gets the sense that the pair has wanted to make something akin to their earliest movie - going experiences for quite some time .
The film references are obvious -- Gus Van Sant , '70s highway fatalism films like Vanishing Point , Antonioni 's multiple - angled explosions in Zabriskie Point , even , according to an interview Daft Punk gave to the Guardian , The Phantom of Paradise , Brian De Palma 's 1974 insane opus starring Paul Williams .
Electroma wears its influences on its black leather sleeve , but such naked movie fandom somehow adds to the film 's appeal .
Robots that turn you on ?
It 's perhaps more than a little ironic that Daft Punk , who make electronic music and dress up as robots , would make a film so deeply concerned with humanism .
But in this Electroma follows the long established tradition of robots seeking humanity .
Although , if David Levy , author of Love and Sex with Robots : The Evolution of Human - Robot Relationships is to be believed , the opposite may soon be true .
Mr. Levy , recently interviewed on CBC radio , proposed a new sexual future with the advent of robot sex dolls that respond to their owners ' every desire .
Technology does strange things to us , and even stranger things to how we see the world .
It 's fitting that David Lynch 's pronouncement about watching movies on your iPhone had the Internet buzzing this week .
The medium is still occasionally part of the message and nowhere is this more evident than in a film like Electroma .
After watching a multitude of You Tube videos of Daft Punk in concert ( most of them taken by cell phone ) , Lynch 's words hit home .
Music can't be experienced through the pinprick of a cell phone screen , all you get is the shadow of the thing , a concert must be heard , seen and felt live .
So too , sex with a robot doll is n't quite the same thing as real live squishy human .
Film also needs to be experienced , witnessed in cavernous space , with enormous images and sound that fills your head and your guts .
If you feel a rant about kids these days with their iPhones , their Internet , their solipsism , their isolation , etcetera coming on , do n't worry .
It 's been said so many times , it 's lost all meaning , and I wo n't reiterate what Mr. Lynch says so succinctly .
Still , it must be stated that slicing up films into tiny bits and bytes takes away something integral and profound and replaces it with smallness .
The relationship of scale can't help but affect the way you see a film .
On a handheld device , you the human have the power , you can turn it off and stick it in your pocket if you so desire .
But when the film is 50 feet high , the power shifts , the film can have its way with you , your only escape is out the exit door .
One of the most charming things about Electroma is that in some ways it is a throwback to an earlier era of film making and film going , hence its cult status , which is really a form of loyalty .
So take crazy Dave Lynch 's advice and go see the film in the f-cking theatre .
Electroma screens at the Vancity Theatre , Jan. 11-12th , 9:30 p.m and 11 p.m .
Related
Tyee stories :
A chilly February evening in the boarders ' cloakroom in a school in the English midlands , some time between supper and prep .
A 10 - year - old boy is cleaning his shoes .
Another boy enters and approaches him .
" Have you heard ? " the second boy says .
" There 's been an air crash and the Manchester United team are all dead . "
Perhaps this is the first of modern history 's I - remember - where - I - was moments , a precursor to JFK and Lennon , Princess Di and 9/11 .
On February 6 , 1958 , however , the news has only just begun to find the means of spreading itself at speed through the global village .
An international network exists , although it is a primitive and unreliable mechanism compared with the digital world of the future .
This school , for example , has no television set .
Not one of the boys yet owns a transistor radio , although a few have crystal sets , cobbled together from RAF war - surplus parts , used for listening to Buddy Holly and the Everly Brothers under the bedclothes via the static - drenched signal of Radio Luxembourg .
So the news of the Munich crash arrives in imprecise , provisional dribs and drabs .
The effect , however , is instantaneous .
The whole school seems to shiver .
Even the staff are affected by its significance .
After lights - out the dozen boys in the third - year dormitory continue their discussions and , for once , no prowling matron arrives with the threat of punishment .
There is speculation on the fates of Duncan Edwards , of Roger Byrne and of Tommy Taylor .
None of us has seen these men play , or any of their team - mates , but they are the ones - along with Matthews , Wright , Finney and Puskas - whose identities we borrow in the scuffling playground matches at breaktime .
Even the weeds who have no interest in football , who collect stamps and stand miserably in goal or on the touchline during Wednesday afternoon games , are drawn into the urgent conversation .
For all of us , born immediately after Europe 's emergence from the slaughterhouse of war , this is a first experience of collective loss .
In Manchester , of course , the world has come to a stop .
As the news comes through on this Thursday evening , factories close early .
Tears are running down the red - brick walls of the great crucible of the industrial revolution .
British European Airways Flight 609 , scheduled to arrive at the city 's Ringway airport at 5 pm , has failed to leave the slush - carpeted runway at Munich airport , its refuelling stop on the way back from Belgrade .
The chartered Elizabethan airliner has crashed into a house and broken in two ; after hitting a parked truck containing barrels of aviation fuel the rear section has exploded .
The exact time of the accident , we later learn , is 3.04 pm .
Seven of United 's players are dead , one more is mortally wounded .
Fifteen other passengers will join the list of fatalities : the club secretary and two coaches , two members of the plane 's crew , a travel agent , a supporter and eight journalists , including the correspondents of three Manchester newspapers .
Matt Busby and Bobby Charlton are among the survivors but Busby is gravely injured .
The heart has been ripped out of his Babes , a team the great Scottish football man will later say were his finest creation , of more substance even than his championship side of the late 1940s or the Charlton - Law - Best swingers of the 1960s .
The Babes , Busby would claim , vanished as they were on the brink of dethroning Alfredo Di Stefano 's glittering Real Madrid and becoming Europe 's leading club team .
A crowd gathers in the dusk outside Old Trafford , drawn by a sense of helpless desolation .
At Ringway taxis are taking the players ' waiting wives and girlfriends back to their homes ; arrangements are being made to fly several of the women out to Munich the next day , to visit the survivors .
Ripples of empathy spread around the country .
In towns and cities evening paper billboards announce the tragedy .
On television Children 's Hour is interrupted by a sombre news bulletin .
The ripples spread yet wider .
Three thousand miles away a man sits down to write a letter to the editor of the Guardian .
It is 4 pm on the east coast of the United States and the story of the crash has been broadcast by the radio and television stations in New York .
" Please accept my deepest sympathy on this tragic loss of one of the greatest sports teams in the world , " the man writes .
" Extend my sympathy to the families of the players and sportswriters and to the sports fans of Great Britain .
Sincerely , Gennaro Venturella , 1721 79 St , Brooklyn 14 , NY , USA .
PS : Though not a soccer fan , I feel very deeply about this .
It would be as if the New York Yankees baseball team were involved in a similar crash here in the US . "
In La Jolla , California , Charles H Elkington is writing on the notepaper of the Elkington Importing Company .
" May I , as captain of the San Diego Cricket Club , in California , USA , on behalf of all the members of our team , offer our sincere condolences to everyone in Manchester on the terrible tragedy that occurred to your wonderful football team , " he writes .
" We offer our heartfelt sympathy to the wives and families of those who died - they were truly a wonderful team .
We well remember their visit to Los Angeles , California , a few years back , when they so ably and nobly demonstrated the spirit of fair play and soccer genius to the American public . "
The news takes longer to reach the coffee plantations in the Shevaroy Hills , in the part of southern India later to be known as Northern Tamil Nadu .
The aerogramme , written in a scrawling hand on lightweight airmail paper , is dated February 10 .
" The few British planters here are shocked at the news of the Munich tragedy , " the writer informs the editor of the Guardian .
" They send their condolences with the near and dear ones of the victims and their sympathies to the Association to which they belonged . "
The signature is illegible .
The deaths are confirmed in the following morning 's newspapers , along with the early testimony of the survivors .
Taylor , the dashing centre - forward , bought from Barnsley for a record £ 29,999 , has gone , as has Byrne , the skipper and left - back , who loved all sports , from canoeing and fell walking to rugby and cricket , and dreamed of climbing mountains .
And Geoff Bent , Byrne 's uncomplaining understudy .
Mark Jones , the pipe - smoking 24 - year - old centre - half .
Eddie Colman , the impish right - half .
David Pegg , the Yorkshire miner 's son at outside - left , who shared a love of Frank Sinatra 's crooning with Liam Whelan , the inside - right from Dublin , also gone .
Edwards , the left - half , the Black Country prodigy who became England 's golden boy , is lying in Munich 's Rechts der Isar hospital , attached to an artificial kidney , the doctors helpless to arrest his internal bleeding ; when Busby 's deputy , Jimmy Murphy , comes to visit him , he lifts his head and murmurs : " Oh , it 's you , Jimmy .
Is the kick - off three o'clock ? "
Fifteen days after the crash , and despite bulletins that raise hopes of a recovery , he dies .
Busby , having held on to life by his fingertips , survives to lead the club out of the shadows of despair and into another era of success .
In one sense , it will be said , Munich is the making of the modern Manchester United .
A tragedy that draws the club together , providing an emotional bedrock on which its players , staff and supporters can stand firm through the difficult times to come , also secures them a special place in countless hearts over whom , in normal circumstances , they would have no claim .
Wherever they go , their team - which in the future will include players from France , Denmark , Brazil , Argentina , South Korea and elsewhere - carry within them the legacy to English football of that bitter February day .
Fifty years later the sadness lingers .
It is there in the sightseers gathering under the Munich clock high on the wall of Old Trafford 's south - eastern corner , a nearby plaque , bearing the names of the Babes inscribed on the layout of a pitch , looking down on the Busby statue .
It is there in the churning emotions that lay unexamined for decades behind the polite reserve of Bobby Charlton 's public face .
It is there in every fleeting memory of young men cut down in their vigorous , blameless prime , their fate touching millions .
Sanford - Tugg 500 lb. Warranty Emery - Tugg 500 lb. Warranty
Sturdy Chair 500 lb. Warranty OFM 800 400 lb. Warranty
Free Flow Mesh 400 lb. Warranty Wilson - Tugg 600 lb. Warranty
22 " Wide Seat
Best solution for :
Height Range : 5 ' 2 " - 6 ' 4 " tall
Weight Range : 200-400 lbs .
Click Here for More Info
Summary : Finally a Heavy Duty Mesh Back Chair to keep your back cool with knee tilt
27 " Wide Seat
Best solution for :
Height Range : 5 ' 2 " - 6 ' 6 " tall
Weight Range : 400-600 lbs .
Click Here for More Info
Summary : Welded Armrests and Contoured Seat
Masters - Tugg 750 lb. Warranty Guest Chair 700 lb. Warranty
The next time you 're at Fenway Park , look for hot dog or peanut vendor Sean Toland .
By his own description , he 's the guy with the obnoxious voice , running up and down the stands .
" Get yer hot dogs !
Fenway Franks here ! "
( Full article : 816 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
March 6 , 2008  --
In reflecting on the results of Tuesday 's primaries in Ohio and Texas , Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , admitted in an exclusive interview with ABC News that his campaign has made some mistakes and that his task now is to answer the charges being lived at him and to remind voters of why he got into the race .
Watch the video here .
" I think people started saying , ' well , maybe we want this to continue a little bit further . '
They want me to earn this thing and not feel as if I 'm just sliding into it .
And , you know , I think we made some mistakes , as well , which is inevitable during the course of a long campaign , " Obama told World News ' Anchor Charles Gibson .
Watch the video here and " World News " Thursday at 6:30 pm ET .
" But what we want to do is make sure that , going forward , that people understand why I got into this race , they understand that when I opposed this war in Iraq from the start , or I decided not to take PAC money or federal registered lobbyist money , that that stands in stark contrast to the way business in Washington has typically been done . "
Still maintaining a big advantage in delegates and fundraising , the Obama campaign has stepped up its engagement with Sen .
Clinton over the past 48 hours since the former first lady 's impressive three state victory on Tuesday .
And now , Obama signaled he 's ready to flip the script , personally .
Asked if his campaign needs to show some toughness greater than it 's shown so far , Obama said , " We 're going to have to make sure that we 're not just letting a bunch of charges go unanswered . "
On her taxes , " You know , if Senator Clinton wants , for example , to talk about issues of transparency and vetting , then I think it 's important for her to release her tax returns , as I have , and as many presidential candidates in the past have . "
On experiences , " I think Senator Clinton , like Senator McCain , believes that life begins when you arrive in Washington .
So she discounts all the work that I 've done as a community organizer , as a civil rights attorney , as somebody who taught constitutional law , as a state senator , as well as a United States senator .
Apparently , to her , that 's irrelevant , " he said .
" On the other hand , all her experience is relevant , work at the Rose Law Firm or her work as first lady .
So that 's something , obviously , that we 're going to contest , " he continued .
Obama would n't say whether he favors a re-vote in Michigan and Florida only that the issue should be resolved by the Democratic National Committee .
The outcome in the struggle over what to do with the Democratic contests in Florida and Michigan -- which are not being counted because the states held their contests in violation with party rules -- could become critical in determining the nominee , since neither Obama or Clinton can garner enough delegates to win the nomination in the remaining contests .
As the campaign moves on with contests in Wyoming this weekend and Mississippi next week , Obama hopes to keep to his core message .
" I want to spend time talking about the $ 4,000 tuition credit for every student , every year , in exchange for national service that can make college affordable .
I want to talk about middle - class tax cuts for families making less than $ 75,000 a year .
Those are the things that I 'm going to continue to push forward . "
The ' most wanted ' on Yahoo's homepage this morning
Yahoo !
China pasted a " most wanted " poster across its homepage today in aid of the police 's witch - hunt for 24 Tibetans accused of taking part in the recent riots .
MSN China made the same move , although it did n't go as far as publishing the list on its homepage .
UPDATE 1 : We spotted these photos on MSN and Yahoo ! on March 21st at 3.30 pm ( Beijing time ) .
This article was published at 5 pm .
The photos have been removed from the portals between 8 pm and 10 pm .
UPDATE 2 ( 24.03.08 / 10.15 am Paris time ) :
Following this report , Yahoo !
sent us the following statement :" Contrary to media reports , Yahoo !
Inc. is not displaying images on its web sites of individuals wanted by Chinese authorities in connection with the recent unrest in Tibet . "
In this statement , Yahoo ! says that the parent company Yahoo Inc did not publish these images .
The company does not deny that Yahoo !
China has published the " wanted " posters .
This is a common line of defence by Yahoo ! , which tries to put the entire responsibility of its Chinese operations on its Chinese partner Alibaba .
See bellow a printscreen of the Yahoo ! China ( cn.yahoo.com ) home page on March 21st .
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing said Thursday he has increased his personal investment in social networking site Facebook to more than US $ 100 million , and might invest even more .
" Facebook is doing very well and we could have some synergy between the 3G services of Hutchison and Facebook , so the customers could use Facebook on mobile phones , " Li said during an earnings news conference for his company Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. HUWHY .
A very good writeup , futurebird .
If I may , I would like to write a counterpoint .
( This is not an attack on you ; please realise , I do not wish to do that .
I would like , however , to help paint a more complete picture . )
Rape is bad , but it is not the worst crime : it is not murder .
There are some who would argue that point .
To my mind , this is related to the issue of euthanasia : is it a kinder , more humane thing to end a life , or to allow ( or , in the context of this argument , cause ) a great deal of pain and allow life to continue ?
The degree of a crime is a function of cause , effect , society , the values of the person judging , and too many other things ; ' the worst crime ' is far too subjective a term to be pinned down .
To my mind , " rape is not as bad as murder " is akin to " apples taste better than oranges " .
Many people will unhesitatingly agree with this statement , but if presented with a rotten apple and a fresh orange , will choose the orange .
I believe it is possible for a particular rape to be a crime worse than a particular murder , and I believe it is possible for a particular murder to be worse than a particular rape .
Re your story about your male friend ; I am glad you talked to him , and I am glad he changed his mind .
However , this is a non sequitur : it does not support your thesis , " Fear of sex is the power of rape " .
He chose to turn away from the powerful urge to rape , and it had nothing do to with fear .
This is how I know that attempting to stamp out all evidence that some people have such urges only makes the problem more ugly .
The conclusion you come to is true , but the path you take is ( IMO ) not justifiable .
His other ' friend ' was angry at him .
She had a right to be .
But she was not necessarily trying to stamp out all evidence of his urges .
He talked to her about his plan to rape .
He made her , in a sense , an accomplice .
It seems clear that to hear things spoken to him compassionately and plainly ( which is what you did ) made it easier for him to defuse his anger .
I feel it is likely that he knew this on some level , and wanted it , which is why he started talking about it to his friends in the first place .
But when he tried to make her responsible for saying things plainly , in order to help prevent a violent crime from happening , he was trying to manipulate her into being responsible for actually preventing a crime - or , indirectly , allowing ( or causing ) a crime if she did n't say what he wanted to hear .
Quite likely , neither party fully understood all the dynamics of the situation .
Also quite likely , I 'm only skirting the periphery of those dynamics myself - but I believe what I describe is a plausible angle on the situation .
" He said that the fact that I listened gave him the chance to really think about what he was saying " .
He gives you more credit than you deserve , I 'm afraid - and in doing so , he continues to avoid taking responsibility .
You did not give him a chance ; he had always had that chance .
You were mature and secure enough to know that the ( potential ) crime was not your responsibility , but being a good friend was .
His other ' friend ' may not have realised all this .
She was entitled to believe the responsibility was his , and should be his , and that she did not have to give him the option to not rape because it was his option to take , then and always - and she was entitled to believe all of this , because it is all true .
Perhaps she did not understand what he wanted ( or was not confident enough that she could give it ) , and did not want to take that responsibility from him .
She did not want to be an accomplice to his rape .
Who can blame her ?
' Stamping out all evidence ' does not apply to this story .
I am perplexed by the emphasis some feminists place on rape as a " crime against women " this only continues to reaffirm the notion that women are primarily valuable as sexual chattel rather than as people ?
I hope I can unperplex you .
The idea that the only effect a rape has on a woman is to reduce her value as ' sexual chattel ' comes from the idea that the only sexual value of a woman is the external value , i.e. how others judge and evaluate a woman 's sexuality or sexiness .
Most feminists ( that I know , at least ) do not subscribe to that idea .
Women ( and men ) value their own sexuality for themselves , and for their own reasons .
That a rape may damage the external sexual valuations placed on a woman by others is not so deep , not so violent , as the damage done to her internal sexual values as she applies them to herself .
The focus is not on the value of a person as sexual chattel , the focus is on the damage done to a person 's self - worth , identity , … faith in the goodness of humanity .
For example , rape often leads to very serious depression - that is the kind of thing that makes it a crime .
Rape is a " crime against the victim ( be it woman or man ) " because it is more an attack against the victim as a person , than it is an attack against a pretty label pasted on that person by society .
The gripe I have against calling rape a ' crime against women ' is that it ignores , even belittles , the fact that rape is a crime against men too .
I have exposed these views on rape since I was 16 or so .
( Often getting in arguments with my peers . )
Depending on my line of argument I 've been threatened and on more than one occasion someone has said " I hope someone rapes you , then you 'll learn to be more sensitive ! ! "
No friend would say that .
But then I notice , you used the word peers .
The way you word your argument , though , does allow for an interpretation which makes you seem very insensitive ( I 'm not saying you are insensitive - I 'm just saying the way you put your argument allows for that interpretation ) .
To criticise calling rape a " crime " ( against women or not ) is to allow rape to not be called a crime at all .
To allow for this , is to disregard all the suffering endured by those people who have had bad after - effects , to claim they are unimportant .
I see that you have never stated that rape should not be a crime , and I appreciate the fact , but to criticise calling rape a crime does point in that direction .
Leaving that door open may explain some of the hostile reactions you have received .
Well , oddly enough that wish came true , last year ...
I am sorry to hear that .
But I have not changed my views .
I asked the detective to treat the case as " poisoning and assault " ( they put something in my drink , then picked me up in the parking lot . )
You have strong convictions .
You are entitled to choose whichever valid charges you can bring against the perpetrators of any crime against you .
I am sure your particular choice confuses , and perhaps maybe even alarms , some people - but that 's a topic for another node .
I told the police that I do n't believe in " sex crimes " only in assault and was very proud of myself for standing up for the things I believe in .
Well , I wo n't stand up for the same things as you .
I consider sex crimes to be a subset of assault , and just because " theft " is a crime does n't mean that the term " pickpocketing " does n't have any meaning .
But it is good and right that you should feel proud for doing so for yourself .
I 'm not a ruined woman .
And wo n't let anyone mourn me as if I were .
Brava .
Your experience , and the amount of time and care you have put into forming such difficult thoughts , makes you ( IMHO ) an expert on the subject .
( I hope I do not devalue that statement in your eyes when I say I consider myself somewhat of an expert , too :) .)
But it should be pointed out that your attitudes on rape are not applicable to everyone .
They apply to you .
It 's good to know what applies to you and what does n't , no matter what side of any particular argument you may fall on .
It 's good to be able to express all of this too , so that anyone who cares to listen will be able to make a more informed decision for themselves .
I thank you for this contribution to E2 .
Rudy Giuliani has made a “ promise ” not to allow Iran to acquire a nuclear capability , even if it requires U.S. military action .
Though the U.S. Army is scrimping to meet recruitment goals , Rudy has pledged to add at least 10 new combat brigades .
Speaking to an Atlantic Bridge conference in London , Rudy called for NATO expansion to include Japan , India , Australia , Singapore and Israel .
Has Rudy thought this through ?
Why would Japan and Australia , each of which already has a U.S. commitment to come to its defense , commit to go to war with a nuclear - armed Russia if it invaded Estonia ?
For joining NATO would require them to treat an attack on Estonia , or any other NATO nation in Europe , as an attack upon themselves .
Why should the United States commit to war for India , which has territorial conflicts and has fought wars with China and Pakistan ?
What vital interest is it of ours who holds Kashmir ?
As for Israel , are American boys now to fight Hezbollah and Hamas ?
While FDR talked to Stalin , Ike and JFK to Khrushchev , and Nixon to Mao , Rudy would not talk to any “ enemies bent on our destruction or those who cannot deliver on their agreements . ”
Would he be even - handed in the Israeli - Palestinian dispute ?
Answers Rudy , “ America should n’t be even - handed in dealing with … an elected democracy … and a group of terrorists . ”
If Rudy rivals McCain as the hawk ’s hawk in the Republican race , the foreign policy advisers he has signed up make the Vulcans of Bush look like Howard Zinn and Ramsey Clark .
Arnaud de Borchgrave titled his column about them “ Dogs of War . ”
Team leader is Charles Hill , a co-signer of the Sept. 20 , 2001 , neocon ultimatum to Bush , nine days after 9/11 , warning the president if he did not attack Iraq , his failure to do so “ will constitute an early and perhaps decisive surrender to the war on international terrorism . ”
Yet Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 .
A second member of Rudy ’s team is Martin Kramer , an Israeli - American who , according to Ken Silverstein of Harper ’s , “ spent 25 years at Tel Aviv University and whose Middle East policy can best be summarized as , ‘ What ’s Best for Israel ? ' ”
Silverstein calls Rudy ’s eight - man advisory group “ AIPAC ’s Dream Team ”  AIPAC being the Israeli lobby , two of whose leaders go on trial in January for espionage against the United States .
According to the New York Times , another key Rudy adviser is Daniel Pipes , “ who has called for profiling Muslims at airports and scrutinizing American Muslims in law enforcement , the military and the diplomatic corps . ”
Another is AEI ’s Michael Rubin , “ who has written in favor of revoking the United States ’ ban on assassinations . ”
Best known of Rudy ’s advisers is Norman Podhoretz , who wrote in June , “ The Case for Bombing Iran ” in Commentary , thinks we are in “ World War IV ” and writes that “ as an American and as a Jew , I pray with all my heart ” Bush will bomb Iran .
Podhoretz sees us at Munich in 1938 and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as Hitler .
” Like Hitler , ” writes Podhoretz , Ahmadinejad “ is a revolutionary whose objective is to overturn the going international order and to replace it in the fullness of time with a new order dominated by Iran and ruled by the religio- political culture of Islamofascism . ”
Time to return to Planet Earth .
Ahmadinejad is not only jeered at Columbia but at colleges in Tehran .
He is openly attacked by rivals .
He does not control the Iranian Revolutionary Guard .
He does not decide on war or peace .
He runs a regime with 2 percent of U.S. gross domestic product , no nukes and no navy or air force to rival ours .
He is a Shi’ite in a Sunni world .
How is this 5 foot , 4 inch Persian going to strong - arm the United States , Russia and China  not to mention an Israel with 300 nukes  into his “ new order ” ?
After the axis - of - evil speech threatening war on Iraq , Iran and North Korea , Podhoretz wrote that Bush had not gone far enough .
The “ regimes that richly deserve to be overthrown … should extend to Syria and Lebanon and Libya , as well as ‘ friends ’ of America like the Saudi royal family and Egypt ’s Hosni Mubarak , along with the Palestinian Authority . ”
After toppling them all , wrote Podhoretz , as he mocked the “ timorous … incorrigibly cautious Colin Powell , ” let ’s find “ the stomach to impose a new political culture on the defeated . ”
Bush found the stomach .
Near 4,000 Americans are dead , 27,000 wounded , Walter Reed is full , and Norman is looking for new wars .
On a recent National Review cruise , he ranted that Iraq was an “ amazing success , ” “ a triumph .
It could n’t have gone better . ”
As for Saddam ’s WMDs , they were secretly “ shipped to Syria . ”
After meeting with his candidate , Podhoretz emerged happy to assure us , “ There is very little difference in how he ( Rudy ) sees the war and I see it . ”
If true , a vote for Rudy is a vote for endless war .
And , as James Madison said , wars are the death of republics .
Mexico is expanding its ability to tap telephone calls and e-mail using money from the U.S. government , a move that underlines how the country ’s conservative government is increasingly willing to cooperate with the United States on law enforcement .
The expansion comes as President Felipe Calderon is pushing to amend the Mexican Constitution to allow officials to tap phones without a judge ’s approval in some cases .
Calderon argues that the government needs the authority to combat drug gangs , which have killed hundreds of people this year .
Mexican authorities for years have been able to wiretap most telephone conversations and tap into e-mail , but the new $ 3 - million Communications Intercept System being installed by Mexico ’s Federal Investigative Agency will expand their reach .
The system will allow authorities to track cellphone users as they travel , according to contract specifications .
It includes extensive storage capacity and will allow authorities to identify callers by voice .
The system , scheduled to begin operation this month , was paid for by the U.S. State Department and sold by Verint Systems Inc. , a politically well - connected firm based in Melville , N.Y. , that specializes in electronic surveillance .
Advertisement
Although information about the system is publicly available , the matter has drawn little attention so far in the United States or Mexico .
The modernization program is described in U.S. government documents , including the contract specifications , reviewed by The Times .
They suggest that Washington could have access to information derived from the surveillance .
Officials of both governments declined to comment on that possibility .
“ It is a government of Mexico operation funded by the U.S. , ” said Susan Pittman , of the State Department ’s Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs .
Queries should be directed to the Mexican government , she said .
Calderon ’s office declined to comment .
Advertisement
But the contract specifications say the system is designed to allow both governments to “ disseminate timely and accurate , actionable information to each country ’s respective federal , state , local , private and international partners . ”
Calderon has been lobbying for more authority to use electronic surveillance against drug violence , which has threatened his ability to govern .
Despite federal troops posted in nine Mexican states , the violence continues as rival smugglers fight over shipping routes to the U.S. - Mexico border , as well as for control of Mexican port cities and inland marijuana and poppy growing regions .
Nonetheless , the prospect of U.S. involvement in surveillance could be extremely sensitive in Mexico , where the United States historically has been viewed by many as a bullying and intrusive neighbor .
U.S. government agents working in Mexico maintain a low profile to spare their government hosts any political fallout .
It ’s unclear how broad a net the new surveillance system will cast : Mexicans speak regularly by phone , for example , with millions of relatives living in the U.S.
Those conversations appear to be fair game for both governments .
Advertisement
Legal experts say that prosecutors with access to Mexican wiretaps could use the information in U.S. courts .
U.S. Supreme Court decisions have held that 4th Amendment protections against illegal wiretaps do not apply outside the United States , particularly if the surveillance is conducted by another country , Georgetown University law professor David Cole said .
Mexico ’s telecommunications monopoly , Telmex , controlled by Carlos Slim Helu , the world ’s second - wealthiest individual , has not received official notice of the new system , which will intercept its electronic signals , a spokeswoman said this week .
“ Telmex is a firm that always complies with laws and rules set by the Mexican government , ” she said .
Calderon recently asked Mexico ’s Congress to amend the country ’s constitution and allow federal prosecutors free rein to conduct searches and secretly record conversations among people suspected of what the government defines as serious crimes .
Advertisement
His proposal would eliminate the current legal requirement that prosecutors gain approval from a judge before installing any wiretap , the vetting process that will for now govern use of the new system ’s intercepts .
Calderon says the legal changes are needed to turn the tide in the battle against the drug gangs .
“ The purpose is to create swift investigative measures against organized crime , ” Calderon wrote senators when introducing his proposed constitutional amendments in March .
“ At times , turning to judicial authorities hinders or makes investigations impossible . ”
But others argued that the proposed changes would undermine constitutional protections and open the door to the type of domestic spying that has plagued many Latin American countries .
Colombian President Alvaro
Uribe last week ousted a dozen generals , including the head of intelligence , after police were found to be wiretapping public figures , including members of his government .
“ Calderon ’s proposal is limited to ‘ urgent cases ’ and organized crime , but the problem is that when the judiciary has been put out of the loop , the attorney general can basically decide these however he wants to , ” said John Ackerman , a law professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico .
“ Without the intervention of a judge , the door swings wide open to widespread abuse of basic civil liberties . ”
Advertisement
The proposal is being considered by a panel of the Mexican Senate .
It is strongly opposed by members of the leftist Democratic Revolution Party .
Members of Calderon ’s National Action Party have been lobbying senators from the former ruling party , the Institutional Revolutionary Party , for support .
Renato Sales , a former deputy prosecutor for Mexico City , said Calderon ’s desire to expand federal policing powers to combat organized crime was parallel to the Bush administration ’s use of a secret wiretapping program to fight terrorism .
“ Suddenly anyone suspected of organized crime is presumed guilty and treated as someone without any constitutional rights , ” said Sales , now a law professor at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico .
“ And who will determine who is an organized crime suspect ?
The state will . ”
Federal lawmaker Cesar Octavio Camacho , president of the justice and human rights commission in the lower house of Congress , said he too worried about prosecutorial abuse .
Advertisement
“ Although the proposal stems from the president ’s noble intention of efficiently fighting organized crime , ” he said , “ the remedy seems worse than the problem . ”
*
sam.enriquez@latimes.com
Carlos Martinez and Cecilia Sanchez of The Times ’ Mexico City Bureau and Times staff writer Henry Weinstein in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
These days , it seems as if cameras keep getting smaller and / or slimmer , but what if their designers thought outside the box ?
We ’ve looked around for some of the most creative examples , like the Canon Snap above , and present them to you after the jump .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Canon Snap
The Canon Snap is a tiny digital camera that can be worn on the finger , enabling users to snap pictures by pushing a conveniently placed button up top .
Sony Top
Unlike other digital cameras , this Sony concept allows users to take 360 - degree panoramic photos by just spinning the device like a top
FlapCam
This two - piece camera is reversible , as in users can flip the viewfinder around to reveal a large LCD display .
In addition to protecting the lens , it doubles as shield .
Nikon 360
Designer Yu Chen introduces the Nikon 360 , a camera that features a bobbing , 360 - degree rotatable lens .
Plus , the camera also includes a microSD card slot and a motion sensor to maintain proper screen orientation .
Kodak 1881
At first glance , the Kodak 1881 may look like an amulet of sorts , but in reality , it ’s a neck - worn digital camera .
Flip open the device to review your photos on its dual displays .
Triops
Whether you ’re in the mood for playing catch or snapping random pictures around the office , Triops should do the trick .
Images can be taken at the push of a button or with hand gestures .
Built - in wireless connectivity allows for easy file transfer .
Gallup Daily : Obama Leads Clinton by 10 Points Second double - digit lead for Obama in Gallup tracking
PRINCETON , NJ --
For the third consecutive day , Barack Obama holds a significant advantage over Hillary Clinton in national Democratic preferences for the Democratic presidential nomination , now 51 % to 41 % .
Today 's 10 percentage point spread , based on Gallup Poll Daily tracking from April 6 - 8 , is only the second time since January that Obama has achieved a double - digit lead over Clinton , the first being his 10 - point lead in interviewing conducted March 27 - 29 .
Although Obama 's lead was much narrower at several points recently in the campaign , Clinton has not led Obama by any amount since March 18 - 20 .
( To view the complete trend since Jan. 3 , 2008 , click here . )
The general election remains highly competitive , with neither party 's candidate holding a significant advantage in Gallup Poll Daily tracking , although Obama now has a slight 2 - point advantage over Republican John McCain among registered voters nationally , 46 % to 44 % , while McCain and Clinton are tied at 46 % each .
-- Lydia Saad
Survey Methods
Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general election results are based on combined data from April 4 - 8 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 4,366 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
The Democratic nomination results are based on combined data from April 6 - 8 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 1,240 Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To receive Gallup Poll Daily tracking reports each day as soon as they are published , please register here and add Gallup Daily to your e-mail subscriptions .
AP president : US arrests journalist in Iraq to ' control ' information David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday March 19 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Associated Press president Tom Curley says his news organization does not buy the government 's argument that one of its photographers arrested in Iraq was working on behalf of the enemy , and he alleged the US is rounding up journalists in an attempt to control information .
" To say the least , we see things very differently , " Curley commented dryly , regarding photographer Bilal Hussein , who was arrested two years ago and remains in military custody .
Noting that at least a dozen other Iraqi photographers have been detained or arrested , Curley stated , " It 's impossible not to conclude that the words and pictures these journalists produced were considered unhelpful to the war effort and that their arrests would have served a broader strategy of information control . "
Curley also called on journalists to demand that all the presidential candidates make a commitment to reversing a directive issued by Attorney General John Ashcroft shortly after September 11 that radically restricted the scope of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ashcroft 's memo stated , " When you carefully consider FOIA requests and decide to withhold records , in whole or in part , you can be assured that the Department of Justice will defend your decisions unless they lack a sound legal basis or present an unwarranted risk of adverse impact on the ability of other agencies to protect other important records . "
Curley told the National Press Club , " When a matter of public policy poses a straight - up choice between the public 's rights of access to government and a government effort to infringe or even narrow those rights , journalists cannot pretend to be disinterested observers . "
" This is the moment to make it clear to all the presidential candidates how important reversal of the Ashcroft directive is to us and to the people , " Curley continued .
" We need to ask the candidates at every opportunity ... whether they are willing to appoint an attorney general willing to follow the spirit as well as the letter of the law that protects the people 's right to know what their government is doing . "
This video is from The Associated Press< , broadcast March 18 , 2008 .
Blacks Who Fought For the South Most historical accounts portray Southern blacks as anxiously awaiting President Abraham Lincoln 's " liberty - dispensing troops " marching south in the War Between the States .
But there 's more to the story ; let 's look at it .
Black Confederate military units , both as freemen and slaves , fought federal troops .
Louisiana free blacks gave their reason for fighting in a letter written to New Orleans ' Daily Delta :
" The free colored population love their home , their property , their own slaves and recognize no other country than Louisiana , and are ready to shed their blood for her defense .
They have no sympathy for Abolitionism ; no love for the North , but they have plenty for Louisiana .
They will fight for her in 1861 as they fought in 1814 - 15 . "
As to bravery , one black scolded the commanding general of the state militia , saying , " Pardon me , general , but the only cowardly blood we have got in our veins is the white blood . "
Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest had slaves and freemen serving in units under his command .
After the war , Forrest said of the black men who served under him , " These boys stayed with me .. - and better Confederates did not live . "
Articles in " Black Southerners in Gray , " edited by Richard Rollins , gives numerous accounts of blacks serving as fighting men or servants in every battle from Gettysburg to Vicksburg .
Professor Ed Smith , director of American Studies at American University , says Stonewall Jackson had 3,000 fully equipped black troops scattered throughout his corps at Antietam - the war 's bloodiest battle .
Mr. Smith calculates that between 60,000 and 93,000 blacks served the Confederacy in some capacity .
They fought for the same reason they fought in previous wars and wars afterward : " to position themselves .
They had to prove they were patriots in the hope the future would be better ... they hoped to be rewarded . "
Many knew Lincoln had little love for enslaved blacks and did n't wage war against the South for their benefit .
Lincoln made that plain , saying , " I will say , then , that I am not , nor have ever been in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races ... I am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race . "
The very words of his 1863 Emancipation Proclamation revealed his deceit and cunning ; it freed those slaves held " within any State or designated part of a State the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States . "
It did n't apply to slaves in West Virginia and areas and states not in rebellion .
Like Gen. Ulysses Grant 's slaves , they had to wait for the 13th Amendment , Grant explained why he did n't free his slaves earlier , saying , " Good help is so hard to come by these days . "
Lincoln waged war to " preserve the Union " .
The 1783 peace agreement with England ( Treaty of Paris ] left 13 sovereign nations .
They came together in 1787 , as principals , to create a federal government , as their agent , giving it specific delegated authority - specified in our Constitution .
Principals always retain the right to fire their agent .
The South acted on that right when it seceded .
Its firing on Fort Sumter , federal property , gave Lincoln the pretext needed for the war .
The War Between the States , through force of arms , settled the question of secession , enabling the federal government to run roughshod over states ' rights specified by the Constitution 's 10th Amendment .
Sons of Confederate Veterans is a group dedicated to giving a truer account of the War Between the States .
I 'd like to see it erect on Richmond 's Monument Avenue a statue of one of the thousands of black Confederate soldiers .
Now that Senator Clinton has put out yet another tiresome " it 's 3:00 am , who do you want answering the phone ? " ad and made me think about it some more , I see another really serious problem with these ads .
See , I 'm trying to think of how many times in the entire history of the republic that the President has had to make a decisionOh , sure , during the Cold War it was theoretically possible -- not that this stopped Nixon from going to bed dead drunk most nights , not that this scared Reagan 's staff into admitting that the old man was irretrievably senile for most of his second term .
But no , really , when the phone has rung at 3:00 am in the White House , or for that matter when the telegram has been delivered at 3:00 am or some ambassador shows up with an urgent communique at 3:00 am , how often has it ever mattered if the President responded by giving orders right then and there ?
Ever ?9/11 itself is illustrative .
Because the Secret Service was being protective ( over - protective ?
that 's a judgment call ) the President spent almost all of 9/11 being shuttled around the US on Air Force One , while the military and the Treasury Department scrambled to find somewhere for him to land that they were 100 % certain was safe from terrorist attack .
We know from the timelines that have been reconstructed that over the course of the firstafter the attack on the US began , the President gave no actual operational orders other than , " keep doing what you 're already doing . "
Even the most incompetent administration in history had enough contingency plans in place , and a decentralized enough chain of command , that until some actualdecision had to be made , not a decision about what to do during the emergency but what to do after and in response to the emergency , did the President have to make a decision .
He did n't have to jump right up from readingto bark out the emergency orders for everybody to know what to do .
People just went ahead and did their jobs .
That 's what we pay them for .
And , of course , we know that once he did have time to think it over , he screwed it up .
And that 's the problem with these ads , is n't it ?
Not only can Hillary Clinton not cite one time that she 's been called upon at 3:00 am to make some snap decision when the national security was on the line -- by definition she has n't , she did n't have the necessary security clearances to even know about 3:00 am emergencies , and there were n't that many ( if any ) of them during her husband 's administration , and I 've just demonstrated that it does n't matter that she has n't because the 3:00 am response is almost always going to be " keep doing what you 're doing , we 'll discuss plans in the morning " -- but the one time she did have to make a decision , not in the first hour after 9/11 but after days and weeks to think about it , she screwed it up the same way that George Bush did , voting for George Bush 's proposal to let al Qaeda and the Taliban escape Afghanistan so that the President could have his personal little war against Saddam Hussein .
I understand that the average voter has a skew idea of what the Presidency is actually like , might think that a lot more of the decisions in government are going all the way to the top than actually are , might think that an awful lot of people in the government and the military would wait for an explicit " go " order from the President before doing their jobs , and that 's why these ads might impress them .
But it seems to me that the more she keeps running these ads , the more time she 's giving the public to think about them , to think about what they mean .
And if they do , it seems to me that these ads will come around and bite her somewhere uncomfortable , that they 'll turn out to be counter - productive .
Mukasey 's ' non responsive ' explanation of pre-9/11 intercept criticized Nick Juliano
Published : Friday April 18 , 2008
|
Print This Email This The Justice Department has acknowledged that Attorney General Michael Mukasey was mistaken when he told a San Francisco crowd that intelligence agencies could n't trace a pre-9/11 phone call from Afghanistan to the United States .
Whether he was deliberately lying or simply misinformed is still an open question , but the administration is sticking to the general arguments Mukasey outline , provoking intense furor from House Democrats .
Mukasey 's deputy said the attorney general was referring to a phone call placed not from Afganistan but another unidentified country before the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
In an April 10 letter to members of the House Judiciary Committee , Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brian Benczkowski stuck to the general line being advanced by Mukasey and others in the Bush administration -- that limitations on foreign intelligence collection within the US meant to protect Americans civil liberties hindered efforts to detect the 9/11 plot before it happened .
The comments , and subsequent reaction to them , come as Congress and the White House spar over how to properly update the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which was enacted in 1978 after Congress learned that the nation 's intelligence apparatus had been turned on Americans .
President Bush has pushed for broad authorities for the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on calls involving US persons , while House Democrats have sought a more measured approach that provides extra oversight and civil liberties ' protections .
Mukasey 's comments , Benczkowski said , were in reference to an incident that was referred to in an earlier letter to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Sylvestre Reyes .
Benczkowski argued that compliance with FISA , which only applies to American , not foreign , targets , " comes at the price of diverting analysts from their primary purpose of tracking terrorist and other foreign threats . "
In a scathing response to Benczkoski's letter , Judiciary Chairman John Conyers and others on the committee did n't quite call " bullshit " on the Justice Department , but they came about as close as possible as one can when engaging in the overly reverential art of correspondence between government officials .
The the extent that your response set forth an argument for the PAA or the Administration 's preferred version of FISA reform , it was non-responsive to our request for information .
Based on the clarifications of the April 10 letter , we understand that the answer to our actual question was that , in fact , then - existing FISA provisions would have allowed the interception and dissemination of the phone call , but that it was the NSA 's then - existing narrow interpretation of Executive Order 12333 that was the problem .
Please explain promptly if that is not the case Salon 's Glenn Greenwald , who has been closely covering the FISA debate , notes that another letter from Sens.
Bob Casey ( D - PA ) and Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) further criticizes Mukasey 's statements .
Regrettably , since well before you became Attorney General , senior Administration officials have made questionable assertions about FISA safeguards hampering the ability of our intelligence community to detect terrorist threats .
They have advanced the incorrect impression that unnecessary legal safeguards allowed Al Qaeda operatives to plot the most deadly terrorist attack in American history .
It is regrettable that you have now joined this pattern .
Based on our regard for your office , and the principle that public debate over political issues should be based on facts , we urge you to correct the remarks you made on March 27th in San Francisco .
" There is simply no avoiding the fact , as Casey and Whitehouse make clear , that Mukasey simply lied in his speech in order to exploit the 9/11 attacks for political gain , " Greenwald writes regarding the recent letters .
" Needless to say , lying that way is tawdry and reprehensible , but it's not a crime and Mukasey is n't going to be prosecuted for it . "
MUSCAT ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush pledged at a NATO summit to provide a “ significant ” number of extra U.S. troops to the alliance mission in Afghanistan in 2009 , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Friday .
Bush told alliance leaders about the expected troop boost when they discussed Afghanistan in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Thursday , Gates told reporters on his plane as he flew from the summit to the Gulf state of Oman .
“ The president indicated that he expected in 2009 that the United States would make a significant additional contribution , ” Gates said .
Bush leaves office in January 2009 .
But Gates said the war in Afghanistan against Taliban insurgents enjoyed broad political support in the United States and he expected the next president would honor the pledge .
“ I believe this is one area where there is very broad bipartisan support in the United States for being successful and I think that no matter who is elected they will want to be successful in Afghanistan , ” Gates said .
The United States is the biggest contributor to NATO ’s 47,000 - strong force in Afghanistan , with around 17,000 troops .
Gates said it was too soon to say how many more U.S. troops may go to Afghanistan or define their role or likely location .
Washington has urged allies to redouble their efforts in Afghanistan in the face of rising violence there .
Some allies in Europe , where there is substantial public skepticism about the Afghan mission , have been irked by the calls to do more in a war they believe the United States neglected to focus on Iraq .
But the leaders at the summit pledged a long - term commitment to the mission .
“ For my money , that ’s a huge deal , given a lot of the challenges that the allies have faced , given the difficulties some of them have at home politically in terms of this mission , ” Gates said .
He said when NATO took on the task of helping stabilize all of Afghanistan few or none of the allies “ understood what we were getting into as an alliance , that the nature of the mission would change from what they anticipated it was likely to be , being much harder and taking much longer . ”
AGREEMENT WITH RUSSIA
Earlier on Friday , Russia agreed to let NATO use its land to deliver non-lethal supplies to alliance forces in Afghanistan , but not troops or air transit arrangements initially sought by
NATO .
The deal was showcased as alliance leaders met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Bucharest as evidence of cooperation between the former Cold War foes , even though it fell short of NATO hopes .
NATO and Russia also agreed that an existing joint program on training Afghan counter - narcotics officials would be upgraded to a more permanent arrangement .
A French soldier from the NATO forces keeps watch as Afghan women and their children arrive to attend a free medical assistance camp by the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force in the outskirts of Kabul April 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
More details of troop pledges at the summit to the Afghan mission also emerged on Friday .
France offered the biggest contribution of 700 soldiers .
Azerbaijan offered another 45 troops while the Czech Republic said it would provide 120 special forces soldiers in the violent south of the country , according to a source close to the discussion on Afghanistan .
Italy , Romania and Greece offered teams of a few dozen troops to train units of Afghan security forces , the source said .
NATO says such teams are among its most pressing needs .
Romanian Defense Minister Teodor Melescanu told reporters Romania had not taken a decision on sending additional troops at the summit but believed it could increase its contingent .
“ Romania will show its solidarity and , from our assessment , we think we could boost our military presence in Afghanistan with 120 or 150 soldiers , ” he said .
Få saker kan i dagsläget skapa så heta debatter som politisk korrekthet .
Det är en vattendelare som hur enkelt som helst kan förstöra släktkalaset eller också den äldsta vänskapen .
Var och en har en egen uppfattning om vad begreppet innebär …
Read More
If you are struggling to retrieve a word that you are certain is on the tip of your tongue , or trying to perfect a slapshot that will send your puck flying into a hockey net , or if you keep stumbling over the same sequence of notes on the piano , be warned : you might be unconsciously creating a pattern of failure , a new study reveals .
The research appears today in The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology .
Karin Humphreys , assistant professor in McMaster University ’s Faculty of Science , and Amy Beth Warriner , an undergraduate student in the Department of Psychology , Neuroscience & Behaviour , suggest that most errors are repeated because the very act of making a mistake , despite receiving correction , constitutes the learning of that mistake .
Humphreys says the research came about as a result of her own experiences of repeatedly getting into a tip - of - the - tongue ( or TOT ) state on particular words .
“ This can be incredibly frustrating – you know you know the word , but you just ca n’t quite get it , ” she said .
“ And once you have it , it is such a relief that you ca n’t imagine ever forgetting it again .
But then you do .
So we began thinking about the mechanisms that might underlie this phenomenon .
We realized that it might not be a case of everyone having certain words that are difficult for them to remember , but that by getting into a tip - of - the - tongue state on a particular word once , they actually learn to go into that incorrect state when they try to retrieve the same word again . ”
Humphreys and Warriner tested 30 students to see if their subjects could retrieve words after being given a definition .
e.g .
“ What do you call an instrument for performing calculations by sliding beads along rods or grooves ” ( Answer : abacus ) .
They then had to say whether they knew the answer , did n’t know it , or were in a TOT .
If they were in a TOT , they were randomly assigned to spend either 10 or 30 seconds trying to retrieve the answer before finally being shown it .
Two days later , subjects were tested on those same words again .
One would assume that having been shown the correct word on Day 1 the subject would still remember it on Day 2 .
Not so .
The subjects tended to TOT on the same words as before , and were especially more likely to do so if they had spent a longer time trying to retrieve them
The longer time in the error state appears to reinforce that incorrect pattern of brain activation that caused the error .
“ It ’s akin to spinning one ’s tires in the snow : despite your perseverance you ’re only digging yourself a deeper rut , ” the researchers explained .
There might be a strategy to solve the recurrence of tip - of - the - tongue situations , which is what Warriner is currently working on for her honours thesis .
" If you can find out what the word is as soon as possible — by looking it up , or asking someone — you should actually say it to yourself , ” says Humphreys .
“ It does n't need to be out loud , but you should at least say it to yourself .
By laying down another procedural memory you can help ameliorate the effects of the error .
However , what the research shows is that if you just can't figure it out , stop trying : you ’re just digging yourself in deeper . "
Source : McMaster University
Nature may have handed scientists a new clue in a longstanding mystery : how matter beat out antimatter for dominance of the universe .
Early data from twin experiments at the Tevatron , the world 's reigning particle accelerator at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory ( Fermilab ) in Batavia , Ill. , suggest an unexpected chink in the hugely successful standard model of particle physics .
The twist comes from odd behavior in a particle called the B S ( pronounced " B - sub - S " ) , which flips back and forth between its matter and antimatter forms three trillions times per second .
Researchers believe that such a breakdown , known as CP violation , is required to explain why matter is so abundant .
Researchers say the finding is well worth following up to make sure it is not a random clump in the data , as frequently happens in particle physics experiments .
" This is exciting , definitely , " says physicist Jacobo Konigsberg of the University of Florida in Gainesville , cospokesperson for CDF , one of two detectors that may have glimpsed the effect .
Antimatter is well - known to science fiction fans as the stuff that explodes on contact with regular particles such as protons and electrons , which have the same mass as their antiparticles but the opposite charge .
The hot , early universe contained equal parts matter and antimatter .
Yet somehow , as the cosmos cooled , matter was not completely annihilated .
Researchers strongly suspect that the key to this riddle lies in the weak nuclear force , which governs radioactive decay , along with more exotic reactions created in particle accelerators .
In nearly all cases , matter obeys something called CP symmetry , which states that a particle ought to behave identically to the mirror image of its antiparticle .
Not so when acted on by the weak nuclear force .
The amount of CP violation observed in experiments ( and enshrined in the standard model ) , however , is far too little to explain why matter should have prevailed in its ancient war with antimatter .
To get a clean look at CP symmetry , DZero and its sibling detector , CDF , focus on the B S , which consists of a bottom quark and a strange antiquark .
( Quarks are components of protons and neutrons . )
Working independently , the two detectors both found an extra dose of CP violation beyond what the standard model predicts .
Neither result on its own was very convincing , so a team of European researchers combined the data , similar to the way medical researchers cull information from independent clinical trials , to look for rare side effects .
Together , the data make it 99.7 percent likely that the discrepancy is real , not due to chance , says physicist Luca Silvestrini of the National Institute for Nuclear Physics in Rome , who took part in the study submitted to Physical Review Letters .
Such analyses require making judgment calls , but Silvestrini says he is confident in the finding .
" Everything points in the same direction , and so I think it 's rather unlikely this is a statistical fluke , " he says .
Konigsberg says that if it is a fluke , that should become clear by the end of the summer as the Fermilab teams analyze more data .
Whether the hypothetical CP violation would fully explain matter 's dominance over antimatter depends on the new physics that gave rise to it .
According to theoretical physicist Robert Fleischer of CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research in Geneva , Switzerland , the simplest explanation would be a massive , photonlike particle similar to known members of the standard model and capable of interacting directly with bottom quarks and strange antiquarks .
Another possibility is supersymmetry , a proposed standard model extension that gives each known particle a heavier doppelganger , or super - partner .
In that case , the B S oscillations could feel indirect effects from different combinations of super - partners , Fleischer says .
He notes that if the effect is real , the Large Hadron Collider , set to become the world 's top dog in particle smashers after it goes on line later this year near Geneva , should be able to quickly confirm it and then probe for the underlying particles .
" By 2010 , " he says , " I 'm sure we will know the final answer . "
Great Falls , Va .
WITH unusual speed and cooperation last month , George W. Bush and Democrats in Congress agreed to a tax rebate set to be paid out beginning in May .
Families will get checks for $ 300 to $ 1200 or more , and it is assumed that they will all rush out to spend this money immediately , giving retailers a boost that will raise economic growth .
Despite the bipartisan support for the rebate , few economists have supported the idea .
They note that we have tried rebates in the past  most recently in 2001  and there is no evidence that they have meaningfully stimulated either consumption or growth .
By and large , people saved the money they received or paid bills ( which is the same thing ) ; very few used their rebates to increase spending .
The true reason why the current rebate has been so popular in Washington is that giving away free money in an election year is good for politicians of both parties .
Superficially , it looks as if Washington is responding to a real problem with decisive action .
After all , if there is a recession the Democrats who control Congress will be held just as accountable as the Republicans who control the executive branch .
But in the almost six weeks since the rebate legislation was signed into law , the economic situation has changed .
The meltdown in financial markets is much more serious than it looked in February .
At its root are bad mortgages and other debts that are like toxic waste spreading throughout the financial system .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday took oil industry executives to task for booking huge profits on record gasoline prices while not investing more in renewable energy to help wean the country off foreign oil .
Robert Malone ( R ) , Chairman and President of BP America is pictured alongside four other oil company executives at a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington , April 1 , 2008 .
The executives ( L - R ) , Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Stephen Simon , President of Shell Oil John Hofmeister , Vice Chairman of Chevron Peter Robertson and Executive Vice President of ConocoPhillips John Lowe joined Malone in testimony at the House select committee hearing on energy independence and global warming .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Congress dragged in executives from five international oil companies to explain why they should not forfeit $ 18 billion in tax breaks after posting profits of $ 123 billion in 2007 .
Executives from Exxon Mobil , Chevron Corp , ConocoPhillips , BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell testified before the panel in a spectacle not seen since Congress investigated energy price spikes in the wake of the 2005 hurricanes that blasted the vast oil infrastructure along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
“ The American people deserve answers and it is time for Big Oil to go on the record about these record prices , ” said Rep. Ed Markey of Massachusetts , a long - time oil industry critic and chairman of the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming .
U.S. average pump prices have risen steadily since the beginning of 2008 and this week hit a record $ 3.29 a gallon .
Gasoline could eclipse $ 4 a gallon when the peak summer driving season starts , according to some forecasts .
Rising pump prices have put additional pressure on a U.S. economy already beleaguered by an imploding housing market and recession fears as oil company profits have surged .
Executives from the companies said factors beyond their control had driven prices up -- mainly crude oil prices that have leapt over five - fold since 2002 to a record $ 111.80 a barrel last month .
“ Given that the largest contributor to the cost of gasoline is crude oil , this has translated into record - high gasoline prices , ” Peter Robertson , vice chairman of No. 2 U.S. oil company Chevron , said in testimony .
Crude oil costs account for about 70 percent of the price of gasoline .
Democrats were eager to blame rising oil prices on the executives , though House Republican leader John Boehner mocked the hearing as a “ politically motivated , made for TV ” event .
“ Your approval rating is lower than ours and that means you are down low , ” said Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , Missouri Democrat .
“ Whatever happened to shame ? ”
In questioning , Markey grilled Exxon senior vice president Stephen Simon on why the biggest U.S. oil company was not investing more in renewable energy sources after logging a 2007 profit of $ 40 billion , the biggest in U.S. corporate history .
“ Putting more money into something does not necessarily equal progress , ” Simon said , pointing to a $ 100 million investment Exxon has made with Stanford University for clean energy research .
“ That just does n’t work , ” Markey said , challenging companies to put 10 percent of their annual profits toward renewable energy sources .
“ OPEC has us over a barrel and you say you ’re going to study the issue for another 10 years . ”
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Markey supports legislation that would strip about $ 18 billion in tax breaks from the five biggest U.S. oil companies and put funds toward planet - friendly energy alternatives like wind and solar .
Such legislation has passed the House of Representatives twice , but has stalled in the Senate amid resistance from energy companies and their Congressional allies .
“ Imposing punitive taxes on American energy companies ... will discourage the sustained investments needed to continue safeguarding U.S. energy security , ” Simon said .
Markey said lawmakers will likely call oil executives up to Capitol Hill again in coming months if gasoline prices do n’t fall .
“ They are going to be the winners of the most frequent visitors to Washington contest , ” he told reporters .
Chicago Generates
Twice the Energy for a Third of the Carbon
April 14th , 2008 by Sarah Lozanova
[ social_buttons ]
When generating electricity , roughly two - thirds of the energy is lost .
Heat is created as a byproduct to spin turbines and later wastes away in cooling towers .
Chicago has committed to produce 1.5 billion kilowatt hours of electricity by 2010 with a process call combined heat and power or cogeneration , which finds use for the generated heat .
This process can be over 90 % efficient .
Excess heat can be used for dehumidification , heating water , and process heat .
In an ideal world , the electricity and heating loads for the given application are similar .
Hospitals , prisons , paper mills , oil refineries , waste water treatment centers , and even large towns can be good candidates for this technology .
Your car can even be an example , with waste heat from the engine being used to warm the interior .
Case study : Antioch Community High School
Twelve micro-turbines are powered by landfill gas ( LFG ) , producing .36 megawatt hours of electricity and heat for the 250,000 square foot school .
This was the first high school in the country to utilize LFG for this purpose and savings are an estimated $ 100,000 annually in energy costs .
LFG is pumped from an adjacent landfill , which was previously a superfund site .
The annual greenhouse gas reduction is equal to removing 3,000 cars from the road .
Case study : Chicago Museum of Science and Industry
Since 1933 , the museum has been one of the largest tourist attractions for the city and now has another noteworthy feature .
A 1.75 megawatt cogeneration system was recently installed that produces electricity , heat , and dehumidifies the museum .
The dehumidifiers can treat an impressive 10,000 cubic feet per minute and operate approximately 3,380 hours a year .
Because the heating season in Chicago is about 7 months of the year , this function provides value to the museum during the cooling months as well .
Related Posts on Alternative Energy :
4 Things to Consider Before Going Solar
Solar Thermal Electricity : Can it Replace Coal , Gas , and Oil ?
New Water - Cooled Supercomputer Will Use 40 % Less Energy
Chicago Suburb Preserves Night Sky With Innovative Light Ordinance
How Solar Panels Could Power 90 % of US Transportation
Illustration Credit : Graham Murdoch
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Politicians do n’t like to talk about taxes except to brag about cutting them .
But with California ’s widening budget deficit threatening deep cuts in education and other public services , it ’s difficult to avoid discussions about raising taxes .
Unfortunately , what ’s likely to be lost in the upcoming partisan melee over whether new taxes are needed to close the $ 16 - billion gap is an equally important tax issue -- California ’s aging and often unfair tax system needs to be overhauled .
The goal of tax reform should be twofold .
One is to generate a more reliable revenue stream .
The other is to make the tax code more reflective of California ’s changing economy , which in turn could stimulate more growth .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has tentatively embraced the idea of tax reform .
“ If it is property tax , if it is personal income tax , if it is sales tax ... if it is services , Internet , ” he said last week at a town hall meeting , “ one has to look at all of those things together and say , let ’s bring it up to date , the system . ”
Advertisement
The major elements of the state ’s tax system were set in place during the Depression .
The modern corporation and bank tax was enacted in 1929 , the sales tax in 1933 , the income tax ( with a top rate of 15 % ) in 1935 and the statewide uniform vehicle license fee ( the “ car tax ” ) in 1937 .
The big industries of that California -- agriculture , motion pictures , tourism -- relied on sunshine and produced mostly tangible goods , a lot of them sent to market in cans : peaches , sardines and movies .
The industries that drive today ’s state economy -- software , information services such as Google , high - tech , diversified manufacturing , movies , video games , professional and business services -- run on entrepreneurship , knowledge , creativity and technology .
They produce more services and intangibles than hard goods .
Operating in a global market , they face new competition from anywhere .
And they can locate wherever there are fast broadband communications , good transportation , skilled workers and a high quality of life to attract and hold employees .
The state ’s tax system simply has n’t kept up with this transformation of its economy .
Although the overall state and local tax burden on California businesses is almost the national average -- and lower than in Florida and Texas , according to the Council on State Taxation , a nonprofit trade association -- the system , in general , treats new investment and new firms unfavorably .
That does n’t promote economic growth .
Advertisement
How broken is the system ?
California is one of only four states that imposes sales taxes on manufacturing equipment .
Because of Proposition 13 , the property taxes of start - up companies that construct or buy their business facilities are assessed at current market value .
That puts them at a disadvantage vis-a - vis longer - established competitors , whose property taxes are based on lower assessments from decades ago , regardless of the current value of the property in producing income for the firms .
In a fiercely competitive global economy , none of this is very smart or strategic .
The sales tax paid by consumers is also out of step with changing economic reality .
Today , consumers spend an increasing share of their income on such services as healthcare , gyms and gardeners as opposed to such tangible goods as clothes and furniture .
But California , unlike most other states , still levies the sales tax on a relatively narrow range of tangible goods while exempting food , utilities and medicine .
As a result , the dollars Californians spend yield about 30 % less sales tax than they did in 1979 .
Even though California has among the highest sales tax rates in the country -- the combined state and local rate ranges from 7.25 % to 8.75 % -- the fact that it is n’t levied on such things as amusements , repair services , car washing and limos causes revenues to lag behind the state ’s growth and the need for public services .
As a revenue raiser , California ’s income tax is a Swiss cheese .
It incorporates most of the exclusions , exemptions and deductions in the federal tax code , including such biggies as the mortgage - interest deduction and the exclusion of employer - paid health insurance premiums .
Then it adds more than two dozen holes of its own .
Among them are a total exemption for Social Security benefits , which costs the state $ 1.8 billion a year ; a credit for using rice straw in any other way than burning it ; a credit for transporting donated farm products ; and an exemption for state lottery winnings .
A smart tax system does its work of raising needed revenues while attempting to minimize economic harm and advancing certain social goals .
California ’s system does n’t meet that standard .
It taxes desirable activities -- work , through the income tax , saving and investment -- but not some undesirable ones , like pollution and the emission of carbon dioxide and other gases that contribute to global warming .
And in defiance of all good economic sense , California has held down fuel taxes , which are a user fee , thereby shifting much of the burden of transportation funding toward the sales tax and bonds paid for with general taxes , and breaking the feedback loop between driving and paying for roads .
Advertisement
Such a system creates economic distortions and unfairness .
You pay sales tax , meant to be a broad levy on personal consumption , when you buy a music CD but not on the same songs if you buy and download them online .
If you wash your own clothes , you pay sales tax on your washer and laundry soap .
If you can afford to send your laundry out , you pay no tax .
There ’s no good rationale for favoring iTunes customers over people who buy CDs at Wal - Mart , or the laundry customer over the home laundry .
Playing favorites on different forms of consumption makes the economy less efficient .
California ’s economy would be stronger if the sales and income taxes had a broader base but lower rates .
Some hard - line conservatives argue , as the headline of a recent Op - Ed article put it , that “ no tax loopholes merit closing . ”
That leaves the rest of us to wonder how Democrats , who have controlled the Legislature for most of the last 50 years , managed to get everything right about taxes except their overall level .
Conservatives fear tax reform is only a cover for tax - raising .
But even if the state does n’t choose to raise a dime more in revenue , there ’s potentially an enormous benefit in making the tax system better match California ’s fast - changing economy .
A smart and strategic tax - reform package would contain a mix of changes -- tax cuts and tax increases -- aimed at removing penalties on new investment and unfair treatment of different activities .
Advertisement
It might remove the sales tax on manufacturing and research equipment , exempt most businesses from paying property tax on tangible personal property -- computers , tables and stoves -- and reassess nonresidential commercial property at market rates .
It might cut the overall sales tax rate while broadening its application to such consumer services as cable television , movie and sports admissions , golf courses , amusement parks and personal rentals ( parking and mini- storage ) .
And do n’t forget the purchase of digital equivalents of tangible goods -- e-books and music and movie downloads .
A new tax code might begin imposing a carbon tax , helping California meet its global warming goals , and use the proceeds to lower the sales and income tax rate , helping the overall economy .
Unthinkable ?
No more unthinkable than a Democratic Congress and a Republican President Reagan agreeing on the landmark 1986 tax reform , which lowered tax rates while broadening the base .
Reforming California ’s tax system will take more time than a budget cycle .
But until the effort is undertaken , the state will continue to suffer from an unreliable revenue stream , and an economy whose rate of growth is hamstrung by an outdated tax system .
What 's Hemp
THC - Toronto Hemp Company - Online Head Shop
Smoke Shop , Hemp Products , Garden Supplies , Glass !!!
- Cannabis Superstore !
Est. 1994
Click for larger image
The chart above , our " Modern Uses of the Cannabis / Hemp / Marijuana Plant - Diagram showing the benefits of Cannabis hemp to humanity and our planet ! " is artwork that I threw together many years ago , based on a similar chart found in the late great Jack Herer 's ' hemp bible ' known as " The Emperor Wears No Clothes " .
With great respect and appreciation to our beloved late friend Jack , his estate , and his family - and in his spirit of sharing and educating - we hope that this chart is used , enjoyed and appreciated widely !
Please feel free to share this ( we get many requests ) with credit to " www.torontohemp.com / Toronto Hemp Company ( THC ) and Jack Herer " ( we ca n't speak for Jack or his family of course , but in our humble opinion this makes the most sense ) .
Thanks !
The following article is from : Homo Excelsior Omega Database / Open Encyclopedia :
Man has used cannabis since ancient times .
Cannabis or Marijuana or Hemp has an extensive , well - documented history , virtually hidden to most today .
According to The Colombia History of the World , 1981 edition : " The earliest known woven fabric was of Hemp , a.k.a.
Cannabis or Marijuana , ( one and the same ) , which began to be used as a textile in the eighth millennium BC " .
Archaeologists and historians have little difficulty distinguishing Cannabis from other plant fibers in their work .
Since Cannabis - Marijuana is the only known plant known for both its fiber and its medicinal properties , its unique identifiers make for ease of reference clarification .
Ancient artifacts can be accurately tested , and as well , in ancient writings , Cannabis is easily and unmistakably identified .
Written references to the use of marijuana as a medicine date back nearly 5,000 years .
The world 's oldest surviving text on medical drugs , the Chinese Shen- nung Pen - tshao Ching , cites marijuana 's ability to reduce the pain of rheumatism and treat digestive disorders .
The name " marijuana " though is itself a fairly new phenomenon , derived from a Mexican term and used effectively in the anti-Hemp movement of the 30's leading up to prohibition .
For the first ten thousand years of its long history it went by many other names .
In English , the farmers referred it to as " Hemp " , while the medical field used the scientific term " Cannabis " .
Whatever the term we endear to it , it has long been speculated that the sacred herb is the object of much more attention than mere man can garnish it with , and perchance is a key to the foundation of mankind 's existence .
With guidance , perhaps we shall see .
It is generally agreed upon among historians that Cannabis was early civilization 's largest agricultural crop , from well before 1000 BC until the late 1800's AD .
Cannabis was used for the vast majority of the world 's fiber , fabric , medicine , paper , incense , and lighting oil as well as foodstuff for both humans and animals .
Most people in the world up until the 20th century regularly used Cannabis - Hemp seed in porridge , soups and gruel .
Recently it was uncovered that Cannabis was even used for building material .
A bridge made of hemp hurds mixed with lime dating from around 600 AD has been discovered in the south of France .
While it has flourished across the Americas , Cannabis is not a species indigenous to North America .
It was first introduced to the Americas by the early Vikings , and later by Spanish European settlers .
In that time period , the days of sailing ships , Cannabis was a vitally important crop .
Since Cannabis was known to be highly resistant to salt and rot , the sails and rigging of virtually all ships were made from Marijuana - hemp .
Today , military power has its foundation of dependence in a fossil fuel , petroleum oil ; not so in the early ages of transportation , indeed all early explorers who mapped the world and wrote history as we know it depended on Cannabis - hemp for fuel , food , medicine , cordage and cloth .
Let us examine a brief history of the development of Cannabis use from early history to our modern era .
It has been estimated that approximately 80 % of all mankind 's ' textiles and fabrics were made primarily from Cannabis fibers until the 1820's in America , and until the 20th century in the great majority of the remaining nations .
Overseas , Ireland was renowned for her fine linens and Italy produced cloth for clothing , all with Cannabis , at least until the 1830's .
Contrary to popular belief , the majority of linen used to be made from Cannabis - hemp , not flax .
Early American settlers knew from experience that Cannabis - hemp was softer and warmer than cotton , and had three times the tensile strength of cotton , making it much more durable than Cotton .
Homespun cloth was almost always spun from the family Cannabis - hemp patch until after the Civil War .
In the Americas virtually every city and town through the mid-1800's had an industry making Cannabis - hemp rope and cordage .
To say that the navies of the world relied on Cannabis in their campaigns and conquests is an understatement .
Cannabis - hemp was once so crucial to the navy that King Henry VIII made it a compulsory crop to safeguard supplies for making sails and rope .
When Napoleon was conquering the European continent , his most serious opposition was from the British navy .
To overcome this adversary , he had to cut off his enemy from their much - needed Cannabis - hemp supply .
Russia was then the world 's largest Cannabis producer and exporter , so it was logical that Napoleon attack Russia .
He did just that and eventually forced the Czar to stop selling Cannabis - hemp to British merchants .
With these events came the inevitable US involvement in this European power struggle .
A strange chain of circumstances then led up to the American intervention .
The British had to resort to alternative measures to obtain the crucial Hemp needed to maintain their naval fleet , and they knew the outcome of their Naval campaign depended heavily upon it .
So they began capturing US as well as other nations ' merchant ships .
They gave the ships ' captains an ultimatum upon capture .
They could either lose their lives , ship and crew , or they could change course and sail to Russia , and the British navy would even compensate them well for the Cannabis - hemp they brought back .
To get an idea of the magnitude of the quantity of Cannabis - hemp needed by the U.S Navy alone , it is estimated that the USS Constitution used over 60 tons of hemp in her .
Along with the USS Constitution , ninety vessels were listed in the 1861 Naval Register .
The numbers are your proof when you multiply the number of ships by the initial tonnage required , that and the fact that sails and rigging needed to be replaced every few years , the importance of Cannabis for shipping and military uses becomes plainly evident .
Important enough so everyone who could grew it .
The first marijuana law in America was enacted in Jamestown colony in 1619 .
It ordered all farmers to grow Cannabis .
More mandatory hemp cultivation laws were enacted in Massachusetts in 1631 , and in Connecticut 1632 , and the Chesapeake Colonies .
Meanwhile in England , the crown decreed that any foreigners who grew Cannabis would be rewarded with full British citizenship , while those who refused to grow hemp were often fined .
Cannabis was even recognized as legal tender in most of the Americas from 1631 until the early 1800's , mainly to encourage farmers to grow more .
Americans could even pay their taxes with Cannabis for over 2 centuries .
In modern times , most American school children are educated to know that George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew Cannabis - hemp on their plantations .
Few however , know that Jefferson was also a Cannabis smuggler extraordinaire .
While commissioned as envoy to France , he masterminded the smuggling and transport of some extremely high - grade hemp seeds from China into Turkey .
At the time , the Mandarin rulers valued their Cannabis seeds so highly that exportation was strictly forbidden and a capital offense punishable by death .
Cannabis was also very important to the American Revolution .
Benjamin Franklin started one of America 's first paper mills using not trees as pulp , but Cannabis .
The revolutionary newspapers and pamphlets like Common Sense would probably not have been published if they had had to procure their paper from England .
Until 1883 , 80 to 90 % of all paper in the world was made from Cannabis .
Books , bibles , maps , money and newspapers were usually made from Cannabis .
As a matter of fact the term " rag paper " originates from the custom that Americans as well as many other nations regularly used to recycle their Cannabis clothes , sheets , and rags , as well as discarded sails and rigging , to make paper .
A popular American use for old sails was to cover the wagons of pioneers migrating westward .
The word canvas has its origins as a derivative from the word cannabis .
Etymology : Middle English canevas , from Old North French , from ( assumed ) Vulgar Latin cannabaceus hempen , from Latin cannabis hemp .
It is noteworthy to mention that the American national Icons , the flag " Old Glory " and drafts of the Declaration of Independence were made of Cannabis principally .
The US census of 1850 counted 8,327 hemp plantations .
Plantations were farms with a minimum of at least 2,000 acres .
A majority of these Cannabis farms were in the south , a primary reason being the cheap slave labor .
Cannabis - Hemp production back then was very labor intensive .
The census does not include the tens of thousands of smaller farms , nor the family Cannabis gardens .
Even with a large number of farms growing Cannabis , the US still imported roughly 80 % of its overall Cannabis from Russia and various other East European countries .
A little acknowledged fact is a majority of US Presidents used Cannabis .
This may sound shocking to some , but upon reflecting the period of history and its medical and textile contributions to America , this was normal .
Of course , it is speculative as to whether George Washington and Thomas Jefferson actually inhaled .
It was used in over 90 % of tinctures prior to the 1800's .
People of the era used tincture of Cannabis as commonly as we might take an aspirin today .
By far , it was a standard medicine administered generally in liquid form as extracts , tinctures and elixirs , and commonly used for a large variety of ailments .
The US Pharmacopoeia listed Cannabis until 1941 and stated that Cannabis can be used for treating fatigue , coughing , rheumatism , asthma , delirium tremens , migraine headaches , and the cramps and depressions associated with menstruation .
So in review thus far we have bridged the huge synaptic gap in knowledge of the historic contribution of Cannabis - hemp to mankind 's development .
We have clearly shown that it was the world 's leading agricultural crop until the late 1800's .
The question we must now examine is , How can it be that Cannabis can be attributed the historic value we acknowledge and in the same breath be condemned with the statistical criminal element we read about so regularly ?
Cannabis has been an object of controversy throughout history , as we shall soon see .
In Western Europe for instance , the Holy Roman Catholic Church strictly forbade the use of Cannabis and any other medical treatment , except for alcohol and bloodletting , for 1200 years and more .
After the dark ages Cannabis was again reasserted for its medicinal value , but this time with a little help from the monarchy of the time .
Documentation shows that Queen Victoria used it under physician 's care to successfully treat menstrual cramps and PMS , helping to popularize it in the English - speaking world .
Interestingly though , under Queen Elizabeth I , it was law that if you owned a certain amount of land , some of it had to be reserved for growing Cannabis .
Under Queen Elizabeth
II , you can spend up to fourteen years in prison and face an unlimited fine for growing Cannabis .
All the while Queen Elizabeth 's horses at Windsor Castle are bedding down on Cannabis every night !
With careful research and consideration we find a series of notable historic events , which relate directly to the plant Cannabis and which heavily contributed to its demise and ultimately , its prohibition .
1 : The first event was the invention of the cotton gin in 1793 .
Before that , Cotton and Cannabis were both highly labor intensive crops .
Cannabis - Hemp was the preferred crop though , because of its superior qualities as well as its cheaper price .
The 1820's saw the replacing of Eli Whitney 's hand cotton gins with European - made industrial looms and gins .
For the first time , cotton cloth could be produced cheaper than hand retting ( rotting ) and hand separating .
Cannabis - hemp fibers had to be hand - spun on spinning wheels and jennies .
In reflection we can see the first detrimental event to Cannabis is precipitated on a competitive technical advancement issue .
Cannabis production declined , but the farmers all knew - sooner or later - a Cannabis " gin " was imminent to turn things around .
2 : The second issue arose out of the medical community .
Cannabis had long been an accepted , safe medicine for centuries , but it had some clearly undesirable disadvantages .
One such issue was the quality of the Cannabis - hemp .
It could potentially vary significantly , and because of non-specific strain and non-regulated growing techniques - one crop of Cannabis plants could be markedly more potent than the previous crop .
Another viable concern was its effects varied from person to person , making a concise prescription a difficult if not unattainable regime according to conventional diagnosis / treatment plans .
In addition , there existed no scientific process of testing for the amount and strength of the active substances in the 1800's or even for that matter , what the active substances were .
Indeed , it was n't until 1964 that Marijuana 's main active ingredient THC ( 9- tetrahydrocannabinol ) was isolated and identified .
But these two seemingly huge detriments could be and in time would be dealt with successfully and overcome .
3 : Another strong theory exists that Cannabis lost popularity in the field of medicine because of its being fat soluble , that is oil - based .
As an oil base medicine it could not be injected as morphine could be .
It thus lost appeal in the eyes of the new generation of medicine , those of the progressive new sciences , seeking to utilize the developed technologies of the modern era .
Yes a third setback was again directly related to another competitive technological advance : the invention of the hypodermic syringe .
When the syringe became popular among physicians it was quickly promoted as the primary choice of medical administration by an overwhelming majority of doctors .
From this growing general consensus , there arose what can be construed as a bias attitude in favor of injections over tinctures and orally ingested medication .
Morphine became the default drug of choice in pain management therapy , and largely replaced Cannabis .
Morphine was considered superior because its potency was consistent and easily measured , it worked successfully on virtually everyone , and it could be injected , thus following the newly established acceptance of science principles being instituted in the medical communities worldwide .
The medical community then had no conclusive data as to the damaging , addictive properties of Morphine as it does now .
Even with such daunting opposition , Cannabis was still used regularly by doctors and remained in the Pharmacopoeia .
Medical researchers still entertained high aspirations that it would reassert itself when it was scientifically understood .
And , of course , as the problems of morphine addiction began to surface and be recognized , Cannabis was again reevaluated as a medical component .
Coordinated in this same time frame , whether coincidental or not , the Cannabis Industry equivalent of the cotton gin , called the " decordicating machine " , was developed .
It was invented by G.W. Schlichten and patented in 1917 .
By the 1930's the harvesting and processing equipment for Cannabis was up to the same performance grade as that of the Cotton industry and ready to issue a challenge for textile dominance .
Popular Mechanics magazine of February , 1938 touted hemp as " The New Billion Dollar Crop . "
All in all , Hemp seemed poised to make a viable contribution to the North American textile industry .
Henry Ford , inventor of the Ford automobile , recognized the utility of the hemp plant .
He constructed a car of resin stiffened hemp fiber , and even ran the car on ethanol made from hemp .
Ford knew that hemp could produce vast economic resources if widely cultivated .
Ford 's optimistic appraisal of cellulose and crop based ethyl alcohol fuel can be read in several ways .
First , it can be seen as an oblique jab at a competitor .
General Motors had come to considerable grief the summer of 1925 over another octane boosting fuel called tetra - ethyl lead , and government officials had been quietly in touch with Ford engineers about alternatives to leaded gasoline additives .
As well , by 1925 the American farms that Ford loved were facing a growing economic crisis that would later intensify into the depression of the 30's .
Although the causes of the crisis were complex , one potential solution was seen in creating new markets for farm products .
With Ford 's financial and political backing , the idea of opening up industrial markets for farmers would be translated into a broad movement for scientific research in agriculture that would be labeled " Farm Chemurgy . "
The Ford Motor Company , in the 1930s , created charcoal fuel , methanol , and other compounds out of Cannabis - Hemp at their Iron Mountain , Michigan plant .
It seemed Fords plans were well under way to engineering an era of Farm Chemurgy .
Why Henry 's plans were delayed for more than a half century remain a point of controversy to this day : Ethanol has been known as a fuel for many decades .
Indeed , when Henry Ford designed the Model T , it was with the expectation that ethanol , made from renewable biological materials , such as Cannabis , would be a major automobile fuel .
Surprisingly however , gasoline emerged as the dominant fuel in the early twentieth century .
This has been speculatively attributed to the ease of operation of gasoline engines with the materials then available for engine construction , to a growing supply of cheaper petroleum from oil field discoveries , and the intense lobbying by petroleum companies for the federal government to maintain steep alcohol taxes , thereby restricting the economic feasibility of ethanol based fuels .
Many bills proposing a National energy program that made use of Americas vast agricultural resources ( for fuel production ) were killed by sensationalist smear campaigns launched by vested petroleum interests .
Gasoline had many recognized disadvantages as an automotive resource when compared with Cannabis - hemp fuel .
The " new " fuel had a lower octane rating than ethanol , was much more toxic ( particularly when blended with tetra - ethyl lead and other compounds used to enhance octane ) , generally more dangerous , and contained harmful threatening air pollutants .
Petroleum was more likely to explode and to burn accidentally , gum would form on storage surfaces and carbon deposits would form in combustion chambers of the engines using it .
Pipelines needed to be constructed for distribution from " area found " to " area needed . "
Petroleum was much more physically and chemically diverse than ethanol and as such necessitated complex refining procedures to ensure the manufacture of a consistent quality " gasoline " product .
And yet even with its obvious serious shortcomings when compared to cellulose fuels , Gasoline managed to become the primary fuel for the new automobile age , spurned on by huge cash incentives and infusions of several corporate entities wielding huge media budgets .
The advertisement campaigns were sensational and relentless in coercing the general opinion towards acceptance of the inferior new gasoline over the ethanol based fuels .
Ultimately it proved to be an untimely confrontation for Cannabis .
For within months came perhaps the most devastating blow to Cannabis in the form of a nationwide negative - publicity smear campaign initiated by several key figures in the American Economy who shall remain named .
This campaign of public paranoia generation has been aptly named the " reefer madness " scare of the 1930's .
Conspiracy theories abound worldwide , and most turn out to be one form of hoax or another , but the national media attention which was turned on Cannabis with so much vile obfuscation is a terrible blemish to journalism .
It is an insult to respectable intelligence recognized as a national horror story that is well documented by respected journalists .
During the years in question there existed several special interests of the day that stood to be financially compromised , even ruined by the advent of a textile such as Cannabis - hemp .
And even as in modern times , some business interests , upon discovery that they cannot compete in quality or price , stoop to unethical competing by political manipulation .
It is well documented that William Randolph Hearst , legendary newspaper mogul , owned huge tracts of forest land , which he intended for use in the paper industry making wood - pulp paper .
Cheap Cannabis - based paper would have compromised his forestry investments into a huge loss .
A man of his shrewdness was not about to let that happen .
Through his extensive publishing and film enterprises , Hearst was able to exert a great influence on American public opinion .
Late in the 19th century , for example , reports in his newspapers on Spanish atrocities in Cuba so aroused the public that the U.S. declared war against Spain .
The policies advocated by Hearst 's publications made him one of the most controversial media figures of his time .
He was denounced by many for his isolationist policy and extreme nationalism and praised by others as a patriot .
Randolph Hearst was a master of his namesake " yellow " journalism , notorious for his ability to sensationalize matters and highly capable of starting wars .
The " reefer madness " anti-cannabis campaign is an unsightly tribute to his facetious workings in American history and is despised and / or laughed at to this day .
Typical stories published by him might be about drug- crazed " niggers " that raped white women and could n't be stopped with bullets , or about little Johnny , who smoked reefer then ax- murdered his whole family .
Hearst was unrelenting in his extremist pursuit and not above deploying the racist issue , after all there was a fortune in investments at stake .
His company was one of the first to employ radio as well as film in their quest for control of the media .
Perhaps Hearst 's most cunning ploy was his successful campaign to rename Cannabis - hemp .
By doing so he successfully eliminated the problem of previously established credibility accorded the plant Cannabis .
After all , there were questions haunting the issue as plain as his proverbial writing on the wall , and he had to dissolve them .
How could you convince farmers that their hemp patch , which grandma used to spin into cloth , was a " killer weed " ?
How could you convince the medical community that a medicine that they themselves have proved safe for over a thousand years was " the assassin of youth " ?
The answer was both terrible and brilliant :
You do n't .
Instead Hearst had to manipulate the data given to the public - do n't let them understand what you 're talking about .
So Hearst , with a long history of anti-Mexican racism , came up with the plot to use an obscure slang Mexican term for Cannabis : the new word .
Marijuana .
He stole the term from a popular song sung by some of Pancho Villa 's revolutionaries - La Cucaracha .
( " The roach , the roach , refuses to march , until he has some marijuana to smoke . " )
Hearst knew the value of a dollar , honest or not , and with his many dollars he managed to establish some formidable allies in his campaign to eradicate the potentially competitive Cannabis industry .
His paper mills required toxic bleaching and chemical processing of the wood pulp .
The DuPont Corporation supplied most of the lethal chemicals involved .
It has been long debated the issue of the relationship between the coincidental appearance of DuPont 's eagerness to introduce petroleum - based fibers such as nylon and Hearst 's all out condemnation of Cannabis .
In truth , the last thing DuPont needed was economic competition in the form of a viable , proven superior natural fiber flooding the market .
Again it seemed mutually beneficial for both companies to see Cannabis production eliminated in America .
Alas , as in all great theatrics , there were allies employed within the government , and they were keen on entertaining the idea of prohibition , even a plant like Cannabis .
Alcohol prohibition had just recently ended , and there were scores of soon - to - be unemployed ATF " G- men . "
Scattered in offices across the nation , they were eager and ready to protect the masses from , uh , just what is there left for them to protect us from ?
If a new demon was n't found and quickly , hundreds and hundreds of competent colleagues might have to get an honest job .
Thus it was that Harry Anslinger , head of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , became a key player in the conspiracy to effectively weed out Cannabis for extinction .
Anslinger was the Nephew of Andrew Mellon , head of Mellon Bank who were the key financial backers to DuPont .
In 1937 Mellon patented the sulfuric acid wood pulp bleaching process used by Hearst 's mills .
Anslinger testified to congress that " Marijuana is the most violence causing drug known to Mankind , " backing his claims with cuttings from Hearst 's since - discredited newspaper stories .
Since direct outlawing of Cannabis would require a constitutional amendment ( like alcohol prohibition ) , something subtler than a full frontal attack against Cannabis - Hemp was required .
The devious end result of avoiding the Constitutional issue was accomplished by disguising Cannabis prohibition as a revenue measure .
More treachery for the future to sort out .
Instead of going to the food and drug , commerce , or textile committees , as it should have , the Marijuana Tax Act was submitted to the House Ways and Means Committee on April 14 , 1937 .
What the house received was a bill prepared in secrecy without outside consultation or input from interest groups , and then erroneously mislabeled so as to prevent the nations farmers and America 's medical community from being aware of it .
And so it was that the Marijuana Tax Act was basically rubber - stamped through approval by committee and Congress without so much as a pondering as to the true repercussions of what their terrible miscarriage of truth would manifest in generations to come .
Despite the passage of the Marijuana Tax Act , World War II saw the US government forced to eat crow and come around to a complete about face .
The Japanese had successfully cut off the USA 's main supply of hemp , Manila Hemp via the supply line from the Philippines to USA .
The US war effort required rope and cordage to move forward .
The war effort saw the US government supplying " The Assassin of Youth " , Cannabis seed to American farmers , and the Department of Agriculture producing pamphlets and a training film called " Hemp for Victory " to American farmers .
It became mandatory law for USA farmers to see the film , and the children in Kentucky 4H Clubs were recruited to participate by growing " The Killer Weed " Cannabis - hemp .
It was a fitting twist of irony for the government to employ innocent children to cultivate the Cannabis they needed to wage a not - so - innocent war after so many years of exposing those same children to media sensationalism that ended Hemp 's national production .
Without the nation 's children and the farmer 's mandatory intervention in the cultivation of Cannabis , the war effort may certainly have had different results .
After the war , however , the prohibition of Cannabis was again instituted and remains strictly enforced .
The Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 is without question considered the most pronounced attack against Cannabis .
Today , the USA is the sole remaining bastion for mass - hysteria generated towards Cannabis .
Canada is leading the world with its Medical Marijuana Research Programs and Initiatives .
Most European countries have either decriminalized Cannabis , or have stopped enforcing biased , antiquated and unjust laws .
Amsterdam has for decades allowed people to buy Cannabis in coffeehouses , as do various other cities in Germany and Denmark .
England 's Conservative Party leader recently called for legalization of Cannabis , only to be trumped by the head of the prison system , who called for the legalization of all drugs .
England has Dutch style Cannabis Cafés open .
Portugal has already legalized all drugs .
The USA is the only remaining major nation to insist that Cannabis is a law enforcement issue rather than an agricultural or mental health issue .
Farmers in 30 countries grow hemp for industrial purposes , while American farmers are prohibited from growing this profitable and environmentally friendly crop .
Nine American states currently have lawful provisions for medical marijuana , but to date many Americans continue to face legal prosecution for medical marijuana in those states that have medical marijuana access .
Canada although pioneering in experimental medical marijuana programs , has neglected to facilitate safe access and supply for Canadian patients .
It continues to enforce the unconstitutional laws of an ineffective policy , to the extent of patients dying while waiting for medication , to the extent of criminal prosecution from a government for not being able to follow a discriminatory unconstitutional medical procedure , to the extent of forcing human beings to choose between life and death .
A picture of THC's Founding Director Dom Cramer , taken at a hemp field family fun day at Hempola Valley Hemp Farms , just outside of Barrie Ontario Canada
Want to grow industrial hemp in Canada ?
- visit a Canadian government website about hemp farming to learn more !
Most of the following information is from : CRRH : Campaign for the Restoration and Regulation of Hemp
What is Hemp ?
Hemp most commonly refers to the plant species known as Cannabis sativa L. , which consists of varieties known as Cannabis sativa Sativa and Cannabis sativa Indica , among others .
Canvas - is derived from " cannabis " , the Latin word for " marijuana . "
Archaeologists agree that cannabis was among the first crops purposely cultivated by human beings at least over 6,000 years ago , and perhaps more than 12,000 years ago .
The most resourceful crop on earth , cannabis yields industrial hemp for canvas , oil , fiber , and paper among other things ; a harmless medicine for gravely ill individuals ; and a source of recreation for millions of people around the world .
Hemp prohibition is the result of propaganda by the petrochemical , cotton , and wood - based paper industries , who foresaw competition from hemp .
Virtually anything that can be made from petroleum can be made from hempseed and other vegetable oils at a much lesser cost , and hemp fiber is many times more durable and resourceful than cotton or wood - based paper .
Industrial Uses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The U.S. Government
distributed 400,000 pounds of cannabis seeds to American farmers in 1942 to aid the war effort .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The cannabis sativa plant produces more protein , oil and fiber than any other plant on earth .
Hempseed , for example , was an essential part of our ancestors ' diet and is the source of " gruel , " the porridge that is referred to in countless stories and books written before this century .
However , when new technology in the 1900's made mass processing of hemp possible , certain petrochemical , wood - based paper , and cotton - fiber industries protected themselves from competition by recasting hemp as " marijuana . "
Carl Sagan , famed Cornell University astronomer and producer of the television series Cosmos , speculated in his book " The Dragons of Eden " that marijuana might be the very first crop grown . . . the root of the agricultural revolution and civilization as we know it today .
Hempseed oil
Dr. Udo Erasmus ' recently - revised doctoral thesis , Fats and Oils , ( which has been used as a college text book at many univesities ) states that " hempseed oil is the most perfectly balanced source of plant nutrition available " .
Rudolph Diesel invented the diesel engine to run on hempseed oil because any diesel engine can run without modification on unrefined hempseed oil , and hempseed could be among the most productive seed - oil crops by a ratio of perhaps three - to - one in comparison to the most productive alternatives , according to reports from Notre Dame University .
The cities of Spokane , Washington ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and St. Louis , Missouri , all run their mass transit buses on a blend of one - part vegetable oil ( biodiesel - sunflower , soybean , and safflower oils ) with four parts petroleum diesel .
They claim this lowers particulate emissions by 75 percent .
Kansas City , Missouri airport also runs all its vehicles on pure biodiesel ( vegetable oil ) .
Vegetable oils are a major fuel of the next century , just like they were until this century .
Hemp fiber
While forty percent of all trees are cut down just to make paper , New Billion Dollar Crop , ( Popular Mechanics , February 1938 ) stated that " Hemp is the standard fiber of the world .
It has great tensile strength and durability .
It is used to produce more than 5,000 textile products , ranging from rope to fine laces , and the woody " hurds " remaining after the fiber has been removed contain more than seventy - seven percent cellulose , and can be used to produce more than 25,000 products , ranging from dynamite to Cellophane . "
Both the bast and the hurd fiber from the marijuana stalk can make fiberboard and other composite building materials .
In fact , research in 1993 at Washington State University 's Wood Science Laboratory , which was spearheaded by Harrisburg , Oregon lumberyard owner and OCTA Chief Petitioner , William Conde , proved that producing fiberboard from hemp makes a building material that can be , using the primary bast fiber , stronger than steel .
Some studies indicate that an acre of hemp , in addition to its fiber production , will produce 300 gallons of oil that can be used for either food or fuel , plus more than three tons of residual presscake , ( Notre Dame 1975 ) containing substantial nutritional value , including protein .
The same acre of hemp will also produce bast fiber , for canvas , rope , lace and linen , and the hurd fiber for paper and building materials .
With new technologies , the cost of hemp had dropped a hundredfold , from $ 0.50 per ton down to $ 0.005 per ton , much the way cotton had after the invention of the cotton gin .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture released a study in 1916 , Bulletin 404 , called " Hemp Hurds as a Papermaking Material " , which said that hemp hurds made the best grade of paper and produced more than four times as much paper as trees .
Hemp hurds are the waste material from producing hemp bast fiber for canvas , rope , lace and linen from the stalks of the marijuana plant .
Those stalks produce roughly 15 percent to 30 percent bast fiber , with the remainder being hurd fiber .
Hemp prohibition
With these new developments , the petrochemical industry foresaw the competition took steps to prohibit hemp .
The petrochemical and wood - based paper industries are capital intensive .
It takes hundreds of millions of dollars to cut down forests and process them into paper .
It takes billions of dollars to drill the earth for petroleum and to process crude oil into fuel , plastics and chemicals .
These industries realize that the capital - intensive nature of their endeavors blocks entry and competition .
They want this monopoly and they want all the money and power they can get from it .
The cotton - growing states also played a lead role in the prohibition of hemp , since cotton is far less durable than hemp fiber .
Cotton is also the most pesticide - intensive crop amd grows less than 2 feet tall in a season , while hemp grows 15 to 25 feet .
Since cotton cannot compete with other weeds and insects when cultivated as a monoculture crop , 28 % of all pesticides we produce on our planet are applied to the cotton crop .
Hemp , on the other hand , produces more than a dozen times as much textile fiber as cotton and is virtually pesticide - free since it kills weeds .
Hemp cloth was worn by most of mankind until the 19th century ; however , today we rely on cotton , the most pollution - intensive crop on earth .
We are stripping the last remnants of our planet 's protective mantel of old - growth forests , causing environmental destruction , desertification and serious changes to the world 's climate .
We are neglecting hempseed protein , the most productive and healthiest food crop on earth .
Prohibiting the cultivation of this ancient plant , the most productive source of fiber , oil and protein on our planet , is evil .
Our civilization is consuming fossil fuels that represent hundreds of millions of years of carbon deposits , at a cost so expensive that only the world 's largest and most powerful industries can enter into competition .
As we burn this petroleum , coal and natural gas for fuel , and release prehistoric carbon into the atmosphere , it causes changes in the world 's climate that we are only beginning to understand .
Petroleum is Capital Intensive
It takes Hundreds of Millions of Dollars to Locate and Pump Petroleum out of the Earth .
It takes Tens of Billions of Dollars to Build and Operate a Facility to Refine Petroleum .
Facts about Oil Refineries and Your Health :
Oil refineries dump thousands of pounds of toxic chemicals into communities every day !
Many toxic chemicals released by refineries into the environment cause cancer , birth defects , and serious health problems .
Odors from refineries can be more than a nuisance , such as hydrogen sulfide , which can cause serious health impacts or death .
Leaks in equipment , oil spills and flares can dump dangerous pollution anywhere .
We do n't have to use petroleum .
Biodiesel is the solution !
Brought to you by the Campaign for the Restoration and Regulation of Hemp ( CRRH ) , working to restore the plant that produces more fiber , protein and oil than any other plant on our planet .
Petroleum 's Role in Hemp Prohibition
Popularizing an obscure Mexican slang word , these powerful interests -- including William Randolph Hearst ( the namesake of " yellow journalism " ) , who had bought up entire forests for his vast chain of newspapers -- orchestrated a nationwide campaign that played on racism and wildly lurid and inaccurate reports in order to prohibit hemp .
They said that a deadly new drug called " marijuana " caused users to go insane and uncontrollably kill their family and friends .
We call that misinformation campaign " Reefer Madness , " after a 1938 movie popularizing this hoax .
The basis of marijuana prohibition is filled with lies and overt racism .
Everyone knew what hemp was , but very few understood that marijuana was hemp when it was prohibited in 1937 .
Biodiesel
We believe that the main reason hemp is illegal today is because of biodiesel 's potential .
The first diesel engines ( by Rudolph Diesel in 1894 ) were invented to run on hempseed oil ; petroleum was n't synthesized to mimic hempseed oil for over a decade .
Therefore hempseed oil was the primary fuel for automobiles for over 30 years after the invention of the first internal combustion engine .
Entry into the biodiesel market has very low capital entry requirements and is , therefore , not centralized .
Among the benefits of using biodiesel :
Start an economic boom !
Use vegetable seed oil ( biodiesel ) .
Run any diesel engine with no engine conversion at all .
Make biodiesel from hemp , soybean , rapeseed / canola and safflower seed oil Save family farms .
Return economic control to the people !
Naturally decentralize wealth .
Stop global warming .
Stop A lot of toxic pollution .
Create a useful byproduct : food .
Petroleum is Out of Balance ; Biodiesel is Sustainable and In Balance .
In comparison , petroleum is capital intensive and , therefore , centralized .
To maintain market share , the petroleum industries wanted to prohibit hemp .
Medical Uses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For 3000 Years
prior to 1842 , marijuana and hashish extracts were the most widely - used medicines in the world .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marijuana is much safer , more effective and less costly than many alternatives currently in use .
The Drug Enforcement Administration 's own top administrative law judge , Francis L. Young , dismissed the drug warriors ' untrue propaganda when he ruled in 1988 that , " Marijuana , in its natural form , is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man . "
Beyond the grasp of the U.S. drug - abuse industrial complex and biased mass media , The Lancet , Britain 's most widely respected , peer - reviewed medical journal , recently wrote that " The smoking of cannabis , even long term , is not harmful to health . . .
Sooner or later politicians will have to stop running scared and address the evidence : cannabis per se is not a hazard to society but driving it further underground may well be . "
( " Deglamorising Cannabis , " Volume 346 , Number 8985 , November 11 , 1995 . )
During a random survey of the American Society of Clinical Oncology in 1990 , 48 percent of the 1,035 respondents ( about 10 % of members ) said they would prescribe smoking marijuana if it were legal .
Another 30 percent said they would need more information .
Only 22 percent said they would not prescribe it .
Forty - four percent of the respondents said they had already recommended marijuana to a patient to combat the nausea associated with chemotherapy .
However , because a significant percentage of pot arrests are medical marijuana patients , doctors who make these recommendations do so at the risk of their medical licenses and livelihoods .
Let 's stop this madness .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Abraham Lincoln
said that " Prohibition . . . goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man 's appetite by legistlation . "
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marijuana Market
Currently , substance abusers and kids are the people who control most of the marijuana market -- the prohibition on the sale of marijuana to adults has lead to the opposite of its intended effects .
The last time school - age children were involved in the sales of gin , rum and whiskey was during alcohol Prohibition , from 1917 to 1933 .
Since Prohibition ended , the use of alcohol has decreased every year .
In the Netherlands , where the sale of marijuana is allowed to responsible adults age 18 or older , the use of marijuana by minors is five times less than what it is in the United States , according to the British Medical Journal .
The use of hard drugs like cocaine and heroin by minors in the Netherlands has declined since 1976 , to one - tenth the rate in the United States .
Dutch police and prosecutors say that the legal sale of cannabis drugs " builds a wall between the hard and soft drug markets " and the statistics prove this to be so .
Clinton 's Negatives at Record High An ABC
News poll finds most Americans have an unfavorable opinion of Clinton .
PHILADELPHIA , April 16 , 2008  -- Democratic rivals Sens. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , and Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , will square off for the last debate tonight before Pennsylvania voters got to the polls next week .
Clinton is favored to win Pennsylvania , but a new ABC NEWS / Washington
Post poll finds her support nationally has further declined .
Likely Democratic voters , 51 - 41 percent , say they want Obama to win the nomination — his biggest advantage to date .
Obama has also cleared the " electability " hurdle in Democratic minds — 62 percent say he is more likely to win than Clinton .
In more bad news for Clinton , 58 percent of Americans polled said she is not honest and trustworthy .
Obama beats her on this attribute by a 23 - point margin .
" She flip flops on issues too much and seems like a professional politician whose goal is just to get elected at any cost , " said Gene Louin , a Pennsylvania voter standing in line at Geno 's Steaks in South Philadelphia .
Added Michael Gold of Westchester , Pa. , " I do not think Hillary is trustworthy — not because she 's a woman , not because she 's a Clinton — not because she 's a Democrat , but because she 's a politician . "
Clinton 's Negatives Hit New High
A record high of 54 percent of Americans have an unfavorable opinion of the New York senator , according to the ABC News / Washington Post poll .
Her husband , former President Bill Clinton 's unfavorability rating is almost as high at 51 percent — his highest level since leaving office .
" I love Bill Clinton but I 'm not happy with the way he has conducted himself , " said Mina Bannett of Cherry Hill , N.J .
The former president will be watching the Democratic debate tonight in Pittsburgh with Mayor Luke Ravenstahl and Dan Onorato , the Allegheny County chief executive .
Obama Effectively Distanced Himself From Pastor
The poll finds that Obama has largely moved beyond what seemed to be a big threat to his campaign — his 20 - year relationship with his controversial former pastor , Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
In Philadelphia last month , Obama distanced himself from the inflammatory comments of his pastor , who said " God damn America , " in a sermon repeated on cable television , among other incendiary remarks .
The poll finds 59 percent of all adults , and 72 percent of leaned Democrats , approve of the way Obama dealt with the Wright controversy .
However , nearly 50 percent of Democrats polled said they were concerned the Republicans will use the Wright imbroglio effectively against Obama if he is nominated .
Should She Stay or Go ?
Despite more calls this week for Clinton to step out of the Democratic race , the poll finds 55 percent of Democrats say she should stay in the race if she unexpectedly loses the Pennsylvania primary next week .
" She should persevere until it 's over and completed , " said Sharon Lumb of Philadelphia , whom we met as she shopped for produce at the Italian Market .
Clinton currently trails Obama in the number of states won , the popular vote and the delegate count , according to ABC News ' delegate scorecard .
Neither Democratic candidate will reach the 2,024 delegates needed to win the nomination before the Democratic convention this fall in Denver , and both are appealing to superdelegates — those 795 party officials and members of Congress — who may ultimately decide the nomination .
Contrary to the thinking of some officials in the Democratic Party , most rank - and - file Democrats do not think the long battle between Obama and Clinton will hurt their party 's chances in the general election fight against presumptive Republican nominee Sen.
John McCain , R - Ariz. , this November .
Democratic Race Goes Negative
" I think we 're stronger than that and I think , ultimately , everybody will come together in the end , " said Madonna Tatano of Washington , Pa .
" I think it 's fun , I 'm enjoying it , it 's really interesting , " said Beth Dropkin of Ohio .
More Democrats than ever , however — 41 percent — say the race is mostly negative , and those voters blame Clinton for the race 's negativity by a nearly 4 - to - 1 ratio .
" I blame Hillary , " said Carrie Jacobson of Wynnewood , Pa . " She 's looking for anything she can to sling mud at Obama — any little thing . "
John Taylorings , a Pennsylvania college student , argued Clinton started going negative with her television ad questioning which candidate voters would rather have as president if a 3 a .m. phone call came in to the White House .
" I think it 's all a bunch of shenanigans , " Taylorings said .
As the Democratic battle continues on into spring , half of Democrats now say their candidates are " arguing about things that really are n't that important , " instead of real issues .
" Their stance between the two of them is so similar that it 's come to that little nitpicking of things that do n't really matter , " said Justin Howe , a New Jersey painter .
Caren Zucker , Richard Coolidge and Alison Kartevold contributed to this report .
Moore : Hillary Sounds Like A Bigot Stoking The Fire Of Stupidity Posted by Pile ( 7159 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Activists ]
Michael Moore has broken his silence on the issue of whom he supports for President .
After watching the debacle that was ABC's Democratic Debate , he felt compelled to take a stand in contrast to what many people thought ...
My Vote 's for Obama ( if I could vote ) ... by Michael Moore
April 21st , 2008
Friends ,
I do n't get to vote for President this primary season .
I live in Michigan .
The party leaders ( both here and in D.C. ) could n't get their act together , and thus our votes will not be counted .
So , if you live in Pennsylvania , can you do me a favor ?
Will you please cast my vote -- and yours -- on Tuesday for Senator Barack Obama ?
I have n't spoken publicly ' til now as to who I would vote for , primarily for two reasons : 1 ) Who cares ? ; and 2 ) I ( and most people I know ) do n't give a rat 's ass whose name is on the ballot in November , as long as there 's a picture of JFK and FDR riding a donkey at the top of the ballot , and the word " Democratic " next to the candidate 's name .
Seriously , I know so many people who do n't care if the name under the Big " D " is Dancer , Prancer , Clinton or Blitzen .
It can be Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Barry Obama or the Dalai Lama .
Well , that sounded good last year , but over the past two months , the actions and words of Hillary Clinton have gone from being merely disappointing to downright disgusting .
I guess the debate last week was the final straw .
I 've watched Senator Clinton and her husband play this game of appealing to the worst side of white people , but last Wednesday , when she hurled the name " Farrakhan " out of nowhere , well that 's when the silly season came to an early end for me .
She said the " F " word to scare white people , pure and simple .
Of course , Obama has no connection to Farrakhan .
But , according to Senator Clinton , Obama 's pastor does -- AND the " church bulletin " once included a Los Angeles Times op - ed from some guy with Hamas !
No , not the church bulletin !
This sleazy attempt to smear Obama was brilliantly explained the following night by Stephen Colbert .
He pointed out that if Obama is supported by Ted Kennedy , who is Catholic , and the Catholic Church is led by a Pope who was in the Hitler Youth , that can mean only one thing : OBAMA LOVES HITLER !
Yes , Senator Clinton , that 's how you sounded .
Like you were nuts .
Like you were a bigot stoking the fires of stupidity .
How sad that I would ever have to write those words about you .
You have devoted your life to good causes and good deeds .
And now to throw it all away for an office you can't win unless you smear the black man so much that the superdelegates cry " Uncle ( Tom ) " and give it all to you .
But that can't happen .
You cast your die when you voted to start this bloody war .
When you did that you were like Moses who lost it for a moment and , because of that , was prohibited from entering the Promised Land .
How sad for a country that wanted to see the first woman elected to the White House .
That day will come -- but it wo n't be you .
We 'll have to wait for the current Democratic governor of Kansas to run in 2016 ( you read it here first ! ) .
There are those who say Obama is n't ready , or he 's voted wrong on this or that .
But that 's looking at the trees and not the forest .
What we are witnessing is not just a candidate but a profound , massive public movement for change .
My endorsement is more for Obama The Movement than it is for Obama the candidate .
That is not to take anything away from this exceptional man .
But what 's going on is bigger than him at this point , and that 's a good thing for the country .
Because , when he wins in November , that Obama Movement is going to have to stay alert and active .
Corporate America is not going to give up their hold on our government just because we say so .
President Obama is going to need a nation of millions to stand behind him .
I know some of you will say , ' Mike , what have the Democrats done to deserve our vote ? '
That 's a damn good question .
In November of ' 06 , the country loudly sent a message that we wanted the war to end .
Yet the Democrats have done nothing .
So why should we be so eager to line up happily behind them ?
I 'll tell you why .
Because I can't stand one more friggin ' minute of this administration and the permanent , irreversible damage it has done to our people and to this world .
I 'm almost at the point where I do n't care if the Democrats do n't have a backbone or a kneebone or a thought in their dizzy little heads .
Just as long as their name ain't " Bush " and the word " Republican " is not beside theirs on the ballot , then that 's good enough for me .
I , like the majority of Americans , have been pummeled senseless for 8 long years .
That 's why I will join millions of citizens and stagger into the voting booth come November , like a boxer in the 12th round , all bloodied and bruised with one eye swollen shut , looking for the only thing that matters -- that big " D " on the ballot .
Do n't get me wrong .
I lost my rose - colored glasses a long time ago .
It 's foolish to see the Democrats as anything but a nicer version of a party that exists to do the bidding of the corporate elite in this country .
Any endorsement of a Democrat must be done with this acknowledgement and a hope that one day we will have a party that 'll represent the people first , and laws that allow that party an equal voice .
Finally , I want to say a word about the basic decency I have seen in Mr. Obama .
Mrs. Clinton continues to throw the Rev. Wright up in his face as part of her mission to keep stoking the fears of White America .
Every time she does this I shout at the TV , " Say it , Obama !
Say that when she and her husband were having marital difficulties regarding Monica Lewinsky , who did she and Bill bring to the White House for ' spiritual counseling ? '
THE REVEREND JEREMIAH WRIGHT ! "
But no , Obama wo n't throw that at her .
It would n't be right .
It would n't be decent .
She 's been through enough hurt .
And so he remains silent and takes the mud she throws in his face .
That 's why the crowds who come to see him are so large .
That 's why he 'll take us down a more decent path .
That 's why I would vote for him if Michigan were allowed to have an election .
But the question I keep hearing is ... ' can he win ?
Can he win in November ? '
In the distance we hear the siren of the death train called the Straight Talk Express .
We know it 's possible to hear the words " President McCain " on January 20th .
We know there are still many Americans who will never vote for a black man .
Hillary knows it , too .
She 's counting on it .
Pennsylvania , the state that gave birth to this great country , has a chance to set things right .
It has not had a moment to shine like this since 1787 when our Constitution was written there .
In that Constitution , they wrote that a black man or woman was only " three fifths " human .
On Tuesday , the good people of Pennsylvania have a chance for redemption .
w00t for Moore !
Posted by Elise on 2008 - 05 - 20 12:09:57 such great words from a great dude !
I'm a Michael Moore fan and I wo n't apologise for it !
He speaks of a party that will be for the people , and I believe that is the GREEN party .
however , our candidate did n't make it to the end , once again it is between republicans and democrats , but I agree with Mr. Moore , I 'll Vote for OBAMA to be president !
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
At least four people were killed and 20 wounded when demonstrations against rising food prices turned into riots in southern Haiti , officials say .
Reports say scores of people went on the rampage in the town of Les Cayes , blocking roads , looting shops and shooting at UN peacekeepers .
The UN said its personnel had opened fire at some of the armed protesters .
For two days running , parts of Haiti have been erupting into violence triggered by the soaring cost of food .
The prices of rice , beans and fruit have gone up by 50 % in the last year .
Earlier this week , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon issued a report saying that the food crisis threatened the Caribbean nation 's fragile security .
Government food aid
The demonstrations against the high cost of living began on Thursday in a number of towns , but in some areas they turned into riots .
On Friday , thousands took to the streets again , with some blocking roads , burning cars and looting shops .
A small group of protesters also broke into the UN compound in Les Cayes and damaged its gate .
We know that these demonstrations have been infiltrated by individuals linked to drug dealers and other smugglers
Jacques Edouard Alexis
Haitian Prime Minister
Some also fired shots at peacekeepers deployed in the town in an attempt to maintain public order .
The UN troops fired back in response .
The ensuing unrest left three dead in Les Cayes , including one young man who demonstrators said was fatally shot in the head by the UN peacekeepers .
The UN said it was investigating the death .
Haiti's Prime Minister , Jacques Edouard Alexis , condemned the violence , but said the mass demonstrations had been manipulated .
" We know that these demonstrations have been infiltrated by individuals linked to drug dealers and other smugglers , " he said .
Mr Alexis said he had made $ 10 m ( £ 5 m ) available for schemes to help fight the rising cost of food , including food aid and half - price fertiliser .
He also announced job creation and credit programmes .
Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the Americas .
Around 80 % of the population lives on less than $ 2 ( £ 1 ) a day .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
How many deaths per gallon are you getting in your SUV ?
Using United Nations global poverty statistics as a base , it is now clear that United States and European Union biofuel policies will significantly contribute to the early , avoidable deaths of between 10 and 20 million people in the year 2008 alone .
Only a post - disaster assessment by future scientific studies and historians can give a more exact figure for the body count of The Great Biofuel Famine , which may continue for many years to come .
Of the earth 's 6.66 billion residents , 4 billion live in poverty , and those at the bottom of that group are already very skinny and without sufficient food to be able to function normally .
The biofuel famine will push millions of those poorest families into the clutches of death , thanks to our leaders turning mountain's of food into biofuel .
When humans do n't get enough food to eat over a prolonged period of time , their immune systems get stressed and weakened , and they become vulnerable to common illnesses which the well fed can easily fight off .
That is the main , indirect way that a lack of sufficient food kills people , but many will die of direct , emaciating starvation as well .
Even in the " wealthy " USA , the homeless , veterans , the disabled , the elderly , and all those living on low fixed incomes are going to have a tough time surviving our new " GREEN " policies , which John McCain , Hillary Clinton , and Barack Obama currently support .
World leaders attending the recent Progressive Governance Summit in England heard testimony from experts about the growing global food crisis and the destructive impact of turning food into fuel .
Former US President Bill Clinton spoke frankly at the meeting , stating that " What 's really hurting the food markets is America moving into ethanol .
People there are moving into corn and you have pasta riots in Italy related to what some people are doing in farming in America . "
The USDA states that by the end of May , US wheat supplies will be lower than at any time since 1948 because so many wheat farmers switched to growing corn for biofuel .
This spring , US farmers are planting more wheat but less corn , so next year corn prices will be even higher , with devastating effects on food prices around the world .
Biofuels are a dead end technology that can only lead to more human misery , hunger , and environmental destruction no matter what biofuel crops we grow .
Two years ago the price of corn was only $ 2 bushel , but expanding ethanol production has pushed corn prices up to over $ 6 a bushel today , which raises the price of chicken , eggs , beef , and diary products , as corn is our main animal feed .
In the year 2007 , the USA alone turned enough corn , soybeans , and rapeseed into biofuels to satisfy the yearly caloric needs of over 250 million people .
The World Bank states that staple food prices have increased by an incredible 80 % in the 3 year period from 2005 to 2008 , and that 33 nations now face political instability as a result .
There have been food riots in at least 20 different countries , even in wealthy Italy .
In Haiti , some of the poor have resorted to eating cookies made of mud , and Haitian food riots are beginning to look more like outright revolution .
There is no safe way to make biofuels in sufficient quantity to have any significant positive effect on our economy .
Objective , industry independent studies show that ethanol from cellulose ( switchgrass , wood chips , crops waste , etc. ) will never be cost effective .
Affordable biodiesel fuel from algae is a pipe dream that has wasted research money since the 1970s .
Making ethanol from corn takes so much natural gas , coal , and oil to produce that it is not energy efficient , and certainly not worth the disastrous environmental and human life destruction it causes .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia will take military and other steps along its borders if ex-Soviet Ukraine and Georgia join NATO , Russian news agencies quoted the armed forces ’ chief of staff as saying on Friday .
Russian General Yuri Baluyevsky speaks during a news conference in Moscow in a December 2007 photo .
Russia will take military and other steps along its borders if ex-Soviet Ukraine and Georgia join NATO , Russian news agencies quoted the armed forces ' chief of staff as saying on Friday .
REUTERS / Thomas Peter
“ Russia will take steps aimed at ensuring its interests along its borders , ” the agencies quoted General Yuri Baluyevsky as saying .
“ These will not only be military steps , but also steps of a different nature , ” he said , without giving details .
Russia is opposed to NATO plans to grant membership to ex-Soviet Ukraine and Georgia , saying such a move would pose a direct threat to its security and endanger the fragile balance of forces in Europe .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said earlier this week that Moscow will do everything it can to prevent the two countries , run by pro-Western governments , from becoming NATO members .
Maka Gigauri , a spokeswoman for Georgia ’s foreign ministry , said Baluyevsky ’s words were “ a demonstration of open aggression against Georgia . ”
“ This is why we , Ukraine and Georgia , want to become NATO members .
Such attempts by Russia to prevent Georgia and Ukraine from becoming NATO members will prompt an appropriate reaction from the leaders of NATO member states . ”
Ukrainian officials were not immediately available for comment .
President Vladimir Putin has said that if NATO military installations ever appear in Ukraine , Moscow would have to target its missiles at the country .
At a summit in Bucharest this month , NATO members turned down requests from Georgia and Ukraine to be granted a Membership Action Plan , which would have set them on the road to membership .
But under pressure from Washington , one of the strongest advocates of enlargement in the alliance , NATO gave a commitment that the two countries would be allowed to join eventually .
Asked to respond to the Russian general ’s comments , a NATO spokeswoman in Brussels said any European democracy could apply for membership of the alliance .
“ This is nothing new and no third country or party has a right to veto , ” she said .
“ In Bucharest , NATO heads of state and government decided Georgia and Ukraine would not be granted Membership Action Plans at this stage , but membership of those two countries is not a matter of if but when . ”
Russian news agencies quoted Baluyevsky as telling reporters that it was premature to talk about Georgia and Ukraine joining NATO any time soon .
“ This is not the end of the day , ” he said .
“ We will live and see . ”
The opinions expressed on EconWeekly are only the author 's and do not necessarily represent the views of his employer or of any other entity with whom the author is affiliated or has been affiliated in the past .
New Hampshire Named the Nation ’s Safest State
I have spent a great deal of time trashing my state .
I have done this not because I do n’t love New Hampshire , I do .
I have done this because New Hampshire has taken a dramatic left hand turn and we are in the grip of nanny state legislators who know what is best for us .
Well , we have recently gotten some good news and I now have the chance to defend my state .
New Hampshire has been rated as the safest state in America .
Naturally Governor Lynch latched on to this news and took the credit for it .
“ Our low crime rate is part of what makes this such a great place to live and work .
As a state , we are routinely recognized as a national leader and I can think of no better category to lead the nation than in the safety of our citizens , ” Lynch said .
“ With this recognition , we should take time to thank the hard - working men and women of New Hampshire law enforcement who help keep us all safe . ”
His office released a statement outlining improvements it has made in public safety , including tougher laws on sexual crimes against children and a budget that included money for extra state troopers and state prosecutors .
“ I am committed to ensuring we remain one of the safest states in the nation , ” Lynch said .
Evidentally , because this portrays New Hampshire in a good light , the governor thinks this poll is accurate , that was not the case when a survey revealed New Hampshire has the worst state government in the nation .
The governor wants to pick and choose which surveys he find accurate .
But enough about the governor , I wanted to write about why New Hampshire is ranked as number one in safety , and why two other New England states are in the top five .
This seems fairly obvious to me , New Hampshire was number one in the country , Vermont number two , and Maine number four .
These three northeast states have one thing in common .
They are gun owner friendly .
In New Hampshire you only need a valid ID to carry a handgun , to carry concealed you pay $ 10 , get a background check and you are all set .
Vermont basically has no requirements , any resident can carry a gun concealed .
Maine ’s laws are also gun owner friendly .
The fact that a potential criminal knows that any crime he may commit may be met with the barrel of a gun in his face has to be a major deterent .
Governor Lynch can say what he likes , but that is the major reason that the crime rate in New Hampshire is so low .
Nadler Disses Voters on Impeachment
You would not know it for the news blackout , but New Yorkers of Congressman Jerrold Nadler ’s district held a Town Hall / Impeachment Forum on Sunday to encourage Nadler , chair of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution , to begin impeachment proceedings against Vice President Dick Cheney .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Panelists included former congresswoman Liz Holtzman , former Reagan Justice Department attorney Bruce Fein , human rights attorney and Harpers commentator Scott Horton , and John Nirenberg , the activist who at the turn of the year walked from Boston to Washington , D.C. , in a futile attempt to meet with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on impeachment .
The organizers had asked me to be on the panel , but I had to send regrets and submitted a statement instead ( see below ) .
A video of the proceedings will be posted on afterdowningstreet.org .
Taking Stock
In a post mortem Sunday evening , the organizers reportedly painted a mixed picture of good and bad news .
On the positive side , Judson Memorial Church was crammed to overflowing , with 300 folks to hear the panelists .
And this , despite the fact that most were already aware that Nadler had announced ( late Friday afternoon ) that he would be a no - show .
He did not even send a representative .
The panelists ’ remarks were compelling .
Blame for inaction on impeachment was laid squarely on our invertebrate Congress ( but , I ’m sorry , that familiar whining can get a bit tiresome ) .
The audience was described as well - educated , non-fringe , and polite .
On the negative side , despite Herculean efforts to interest the “ mainstream media , ” no one showed .
And the enthusiasm of those trying to spur action on impeachment was dampened by continuing frustration at the obstacles , as politicians like Nadler continue to put political expedience above their sworn duty to protect and defend the Constitution .
Tories Back in Charge
It took some 230 years , but the Tories are back in charge — I mean the Nadlers , the Conyers , the Pelosis , who so clearly lack the courage of our forebears to defy a new King George , preferring to let him dis us the people and trash the Constitution .
Remember the final words of the Declaration of Independence ?
“ We mutually pledge to each other our lives , our fortunes , and our sacred honor . ”
Many of our forebears were also well - educated and non-fringe ; fortunately , they were NOT polite .
Is it not clear , finally , that the time for politeness is over ?
It is up to us , now , whether we shall have Constitutional separation of powers or shall have kings .
It is up to us whether an unrestrained Executive will be able to march our children and grandchildren off to an endless series of resource wars likely to dominate this century .
The time for talking is over .
Impeachment proceedings must begin .
And no one is going to get that done but we .
One of the hurdles is outrage fatigue ; it is hard to decide where to start among the many high crimes and misdemeanors of which Vice President Cheney is demonstrably culpable .
From my perspective as a former intelligence analyst , we certainly cannot allow to escape censure his conjuring up false “ intelligence ” to justify what Nuremberg defined as the “ supreme international crime ” — a war of aggression — in Iraq .
The Founders knew that , human nature being what it is , such abuses would be inevitable somewhere down the line .
That ’s why they took such pains to provide an orderly political procedure to enable us to deal promptly and responsibly with such high crimes and misdemeanors .
The process is called impeachment ; the rules are clear .
All it takes is courage .
And I do not refer here to the invertebrates in Congress .
I mean us .
The statement I prepared for Sunday ’s event follows : Is Impeachment Necessary to Protect the Constitution ?
Judson Memorial Church , 55 Washington Square South , NYC
March 9 , 2008 Statement by Ray McGovern Congressman Nadler , I am Ray McGovern , born and bred in the Bronx a bit north of your district .
I regret not being able to be with you in person to give my perspective on whether impeachment is necessary to protect the Constitution — and specifically , whether the manufacturing of false intelligence to “ justify ” an unprovoked war fits the category of “ high crime or misdemeanor . ”
I was an analyst at the CIA for 27 years , after serving as an Army infantry / intelligence officer in the early Sixties .
You may recall that we first met on June 16 , 2005 , in the basement of the Capitol , the only room made available to Congressman John Conyers to take testimony on the Downing Street Minutes .
The minutes were the official British record of a briefing of then - Prime Minister Tony Blair on July 23 , 2002 .
At that briefing , the chief of British intelligence reported on his discussions with his counterpart in Washington , who told him three days earlier that , President George W. Bush had decided to make war on Iraq , and that “ the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy . ”
In my testimony in the Capitol that day I drew attention to the words of Vice President Dick Cheney on August 26 , 2002 — words that framed the discussion for the next 45 days during which Congress was deliberately misled into giving the president approval to make war on Iraq .
This is what Cheney said : “ We now know that Saddam has resumed his efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
Among other sources , we ’ve gotten this from the firsthand testimony of defectors — including Saddam ’s own son - in - law . ”
This was a lie .
Saddam ’s son - in - law told us just the opposite when he defected in 1995 .
You can find it on page 13 of his debriefing report .
He said : “ All weapons – biological , chemical , missile , nuclear were destroyed . ”
Cheney continued : “ Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction ...
Many of us are convinced that [ Saddam ] will acquire nuclear weapons fairly soon . ”
In a memoir published last year , then - CIA director George Tenet complained that Cheney did not follow the usual practice of clearing the speech with the CIA , and that what Cheney said “ went well beyond what our analysis could support . ”
Tenet added his “ impression ” that “ the president really was n’t any more aware of what his number - two was going to say . ”
Yet , Tenet admits that he did not raise the issue with either the president or vice president .
Tenet was all too well aware that the intelligence was being “ fixed around the policy . ”
The Power to Intimidate Intimidated by the vice president , Tenet ended up ordering his analysts , my former colleagues , to prepare a National Intelligence Estimate to Cheney ’s terms of reference — you remember , the one that said Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and ties with al - Qaeda ; the NIE that appeared just ten days before Congress voted to give the president the power to make war on Iraq .
Col. Lawrence Wilkerson , who was chief of staff to then - Secretary of State Colin Powell , and who chaired the preparation of Powell ’s Feb.
5 , 2003 , speech at the UN , was asked about all this when Wilkerson testified before Congress on June 26 , 2006 .
The question came from Republican Congressman Walter Jones of North Carolina :
Why was it that a small number of individuals got so much power in the administration that they “ had more influence than the professionals ? ”
Wilkerson gave a three - word answer : “ The Vice President . ” Torture
It is an open secret that Vice President Cheney was , and continues to be the prime mover behind torture .
As some will recall , speaking on open radio Cheney called the use of waterboarding a “ no - brainer . ”
It was his lawyer , David Addington , who prepared the Jan. 25 , 2002 , memorandum signed by then - White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales recommending that the laws against torture could be circumvented .
George Bush applied that advice in his own presidential memorandum of Feb. 7 , 2002 , launching our country onto “ the dark side , ” as Cheney has put it .
That memorandum opened the gaping loophole through which the administration drove the Mack truck of torture .
High crimes ?
Misdemeanors ?
Who will argue the point ?
The Constitution Congressman Nadler , articles of impeachment for Dick Cheney have sat in your in - box since last November .
You are Chair of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution ; you have refused to take action .
As an Army officer I took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States from all enemies , foreign and domestic .
You took that same basic oath as a congressman .
With all due respect , let me suggest you have a duty to act on that oath — and not on some promise you may have made to avoid anything that could be viewed as divisive and thus jeopardize Democratic Party election wins in November .
I hope you will agree that the transcendent value is to protect the Constitution , and for that , impeachment is indeed necessary .
Please take the articles of impeachment regarding Dick Cheney out of your in - box and launch the investigation .
Thank you .
Ray McGovern
Steering Group , Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in Washington , DC .
He was an Army intelligence officer before joining the CIA where he had a 27 - year career as an analyst .
He is now on the Steering Group of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
It is one of the best health care papers in recent times , it is here , I cannot find an ungated version .
Glied reminds us that only about 1/3 of American health care spending comes from private insurance .
Moving to international comparisons , the more general point is that :
… there is no persistent and regular relationship between the structure of system financing and the rate of growth in per capita health expenditures in a health system … the efficiency of operation of the health care system itself appears to depend much more on how providers are paid and how the delivery of care is organized than on the method used to raise the funds .
In other words , as I ’ve stressed before , the health care cost problem comes from immediate suppliers , namely doctors and hospitals , and not from health insurance companies .
The best parts of the paper concern equity .
It is GPs which help the poor , not additional spending on technology or surgery ; see p.18 for other comparisons along these lines .
Furthermore , and this you should scream from the rooftops , consider this :
… patterns of health service utilization in developed countries suggest that the marginal dollar of health care spending — money used to purchase high tech equipment or specialist services — is less progressively spent than the average dollar .
In other words , egalitarians should not allocate marginal government spending to health care .
And there is evidence that the more a government spends on health care , the less it spends helping people in money ways .
That is , there is crowding out .
Finally , Glied offers a summary comparison :
Putting $ 1 of tax funds into the public health insurance system
effectively channels between $ 0.23 and $ 0.26 toward the lowest income
quintile people , and about $ 0.50 to the bottom two income quintiles .
Finally , a review of the literature across the OECD suggests that the
progressivity of financing of the health insurance system has limited
implications for overall income inequality , particularly over time .
Highly recommended .
Dangerous Path
Featured 03/31/2008
Take a first person look at one of the most dangerous paths in the world .
2005 年からノルウェーにある Netlife Research が 「 Bad Usability Calendar」という PDF
を配布しています。ユーザビリティの観点でやってはいけない
12項目を毎年用意して広くユーザビリティの重要性を訴えているそうです。始めた年はノルウェー語しかありませんでしたが、年々翻訳が増えて今年は
13カ国語になっています。
実は数週間前にこのカレンダーの日本語訳をつくって提出したんですよ。そしたら最近ダウンロード出来るようになりました。ちょっと文字の配置がおかしいですが、使えないことないです。A3 か A4 の紙に印刷出来るようになっており、自分のデスクの近くや会議室に貼っておくことも出来そうです。話しのネタにはなりそうなので、ぜひどうぞ。
ミコちゃんもユーザビリティくらい知っていると言っています。
What Apple is doing now with their Apple Software Update on Windows is wrong .
It undermines the trust relationship great companies have with their customers , and that ’s bad — not just for Apple , but for the security of the whole Web .
What they did yesterday was to use their updater for iTunes to also install their Safari Web browser –what follows is some background and analysis .
Keeping software up to date is hard — hard for consumers to understand what patches are for , how to make sure they ’re up to date .
It ’s also critically , crucially important for the security of end users and for the security of the Web at large that people stay current .
If people do n’t update software regularly , it is impossible for them to remain safe ; good software developers are creating improvements constantly .
That ’s why Mozilla spends so much time making sure our own Automatic Update Service works , and why we spend so much time agonizing over the user interface for the updates .
We look at the data every time we do an update ; we obsess about what we call “ uptake rates ” — the percentage of Firefox users who are on the most current version of the browser a day or a week or a month after release .
As a result , Firefox users are incredibly up to date , and adopt very quickly .
There ’s an implicit trust relationship between software makers and customers in this regard : as a software maker we promise to do our very best to keep users safe and will provide the quickest updates possible , with absolutely no other agenda .
And when the user trusts the software maker , they ’ll generally go ahead and install the patch , keeping themselves and everyone else safe .
Anyone who uses iTunes on Windows has Apple Software Update installed on their machines , which does just what I ’ve described above : it checks for new patches available for Apple - produced software on your Windows machine , alerts the user to the availability , and allows updates to be installed .
That ’s great — wonderful , in fact .
Makes everyone more likely to have current , patched versions of Apple ’s software , and makes everyone safer .
Here ’s screen that comes up on Windows XP if you ’ve got iTunes installed :
( photo credit CNET )
The problem here is that it lists Safari for getting an update — and has the “ Install ” box checked by default — even if you have n’t ever installed Safari on your PC .
That ’s a problem because of the dynamic I described above — by and large , all software makers are trying to get users to trust us on updates , and so the likely behavior here is for users to just click “ Install 2 items , ” which means that they ’ve now installed a completely new piece of software , quite possibly completely unintentionally .
Apple has made it incredibly easy — the default , even — for users to install ride along software that they did n’t ask for , and maybe did n’t want .
This is wrong , and borders on malware distribution practices .
It ’s wrong because it undermines the trust that we ’re all trying to build with users .
Because it means that an update is n’t just an update , but is maybe something more .
Because it ultimately undermines the safety of users on the web by eroding that relationship .
It ’s a bad practice and should stop .
[ I ’ll make 2 points that I want to make very clear : ( 1 ) this is not a criticism of Safari as a web browser in any way , and ( 2 ) I have no objections to the basic industry practice of using your installed software as a channel for other software .
This is specifically a criticism of the way they ’re using the updating system .
I ’d much prefer to be writing about Firefox , but this practice hurts everyone and is important to note . ]
Better be careful what you say in the heat of a political campaign .
It could have global repercussions .
Presidential contender Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton 's vow to " obliterate " Iran , presumably with nuclear weapons , if it attacked Israel on her watch was duly noted in the U.S .
[ UPDATE :
To see a video and full transcript of the comment , click here . ]
Jaded American insiders shrugged off the remark as typical campaign season bluster , filed away with myriad other exaggerations and gaffes .
But it prompted shock overseas as well as headlines from Bulgaria to New Zealand .
It is hard to gauge the number of green - collar jobs nationwide .
Welders at a wind - turbine factory are viewed as having green jobs , but what about the factory ’s accountant or its janitors ?
Workers with Sustainable South Bronx , a nonprofit group that plants vegetation to keep the area cooler and reduce air - conditioning demands , would seem to fit the bill .
But so would the employees of Tesla Motors , south of San Francisco , who are producing an all - electric Roadster that sells for $ 98,000 .
In the most - often - cited estimate , a report commissioned by the American Solar Energy Society said that the nation had 8.5 million jobs in renewable energy or energy efficient industries .
And Jerome Ringo , president of the Apollo Alliance , predicted that the nation could generate three million to five million more green jobs over the next 10 years .
Green jobs are especially good “ because they cannot be easily outsourced , say , to Asia , ” said Van Jones , president of Green for All , an organization based in Oakland , Calif. , whose goal is promoting renewable energy and lifting workers out of poverty .
“ If we are going to weatherize buildings , they have to be weatherized here , ” he said .
“ If you put up solar panels , you ca n’t ship a building to Asia and have them put the solar panels on and ship it back .
These jobs have to be done in the United States . ”
Many advocates of green employment say the jobs should be good for the workers as well as the environment .
Two weeks ago in Pittsburgh , more than 800 people attended a national green - jobs conference , where much of the talk was about ensuring that green jobs provided living wages .
Many speakers anticipated that the jobs would do so , because they often required special skills , like the technical ability to maintain a giant wind turbine ( and the physical ability to climb a 20 - story ladder to work on it ) .
“ These jobs will be better for the workers ’ future , for their job security , ” said Ms. Blake of the Apollo Alliance .
“ These green technologies are making products that the world wants , like energy - efficient buildings and light fixtures . ”
Not everyone , however , is enamored with green jobs .
Take the Competitive Enterprise Institute , a Washington group that opposes state mandates requiring that a certain percentage of power come from renewable sources .
Myron Ebell , the institute ’s director of energy and global warming policy , argues that creating green jobs often does not create jobs on a net basis .
Image RAISING THE ROOF James Wells of Sustainable South Bronx , a nonprofit group that plants vegetation in the area , working on a Bronx rooftop garden .
Credit ... Michael Nagle for The New York Times
“ If you create jobs in wind power or ethanol , ” he said , “ that will take away jobs in other industries , ” like building and operating conventional gas turbine power plants .
Tags
Modern " liberals " who advocate the view that government should provide us with the necessities or alleged necessities of life rarely appreciate that this assistance rests on a system of mass robbery and enslavement that is highly inimical to their professed belief in liberty .
In fact , the advocates of such policies present them in quite the opposite light , as enhancing our liberty .
This contention rests on the conceptual claim that liberty requires certain of our most basic needs to be satisfied , if necessary by the actions of others .
Adherents of this view assert that " the starving man is not free " [ 1 ] and that he must be guaranteed his freedom from famine and other hardships by the benevolent welfare state .
This archetypal position of the modern " liberal " is famously set out by Sir William Beveridge in his advocacy for the British welfare state :
Liberty means more than freedom from the arbitrary power of Governments .
It means freedom from economic servitude to Want and Squalor and other social evils ; it means freedom from arbitrary power in any form .
A starving man is not free , because till he is fed , he cannot have a thought for anything but how to meet his urgent physical needs ; he is reduced from a man to an animal .
A man who dare not resent what he feels to be an injustice from an employer or a foreman , lest they condemn him to chronic unemployment , is not free . [ 2 ]
This conception of liberty conflates two very different types of freedom : freedom from coercion by other men and freedom from the personal requirement of satisfying our own basic survival needs .
While these are presented as two parallel requirements of liberty they are , in fact , mutually exclusive .
So long as man exists he will have material needs , and the only way that he can escape personal responsibility to satisfy these needs is to impose this responsibility on others .
If this imposition is undertaken by others voluntarily then both the libertarian and the modern liberal are in agreement — both condone voluntary charity .
[ 3 ]
But this is not what modern liberals propose .
Rather , they impose this duty to help the needy by force of law under the auspices of the welfare state .
Under this system , all are forced to contribute to the cost of providing for the needs and alleged needs of others .
Despite any rhetoric to the contrary , this welfare state established by modern " liberals " does nothing to reconcile the contradiction between freedom from men and freedom from nature — it merely sacrifices the former in an attempt to obtain the latter .
Freedom from " Economic Servitude " and the " Arbitrary Powers " of Nature
All living beings must engage in self - sustaining action in order to survive .
All require sufficient food to avoid starvation and sufficient shelter from the harsher aspects of nature to avoid destruction — all must eat , drink , and sleep .
This is the " economic servitude " to which Sir Beveridge refers .
The freedom that he and other modern liberals crave is freedom from their own bodies , freedom from their nature .
The requirements of our digestive system , our heart , brain , and lungs , are the " arbitrary powers " against which we are to be " liberated " — liberated that is , by the coercion of other men who are robbed and enslaved to satisfy the wants imposed by our bodies .
The starving man is indeed in need of food — that is , if he does not ingest sufficient food to sustain his body then fairly soon he will die .
This is the nature of his body — no one else imposes this need on him .
The starving man is not free from the nature of his own body , nor can he be , even in the welfare state .
This is a statement of metaphysics , not political philosophy .
But the starving man should be free from coercion by other men .
He should be free to obtain food by voluntary trade with others .
If he is unable to offer anything of value in trade , then he should be free to rely on voluntary charity .
But he should not be allowed to rob or enslave others to satisfy his needs .
Nor should others be able to rob and enslave on his behalf .
All have the right to be free from aggression .
If we are serious about this principle of nonaggression then we must recognize its logical implications and be honest about these implications .
We must recognize that this leaves us with no ironclad guarantee that we will be fed , bathed , clothed and housed .
We must recognize that if we are unable to obtain our basic needs through our own enterprise then we must rely on the voluntary assistance of others .
Where we are unable to convince others to provide our survival needs then the liberty from coercion that they enjoy may mean that we will die .
This may seem like a heartless position , but it is far more humane than the welfare state , which enslaves all men while they are still alive .
Moreover , while the advocates of the welfare state are happy to engage in sanctimonious lectures on the alleged " right " to food , shelter , health care , and so on , even they must accept that , at some point , a person must be left to die through want of care or resources .
For the simple fact is that food , shelter , and health care are scarce resources , so that it is not possible to prolong each person 's life for as long as it could possibly last .
Even if everyone were to expend all of their efforts to prolong the lives of those who are currently alive , an effort to prolong some lives through the consumption of scarce resources must mean that these resources are not available to prolong the lives of others .
Pious drivel about how " no amount of money is worth a life " does not avoid this fact — it merely massages the egos of those who wish to have an excuse to squander resources helping those who are most important to them , to the detriment of those who are not .
Starvation under Capitalism and Socialism
While we must accept the fact that some people — particularly those who are elderly or seriously ill — will at some point die through a lack of care or resources , the prospect of an otherwise healthy person dying of starvation is still an objectionable one .
However , it is a prospect that exists in the demagoguery of welfare statists rather than in the real world of free - market capitalism .
The actual historical record of free - market capitalism ( or rather relatively free - market capitalism , since actual free - market capitalism has never existed ) is one that has allowed enormous material prosperity coupled with an abundant voluntary charitable sector . [ 4 ]
Indeed , some of the largest Western charitable organizations that exist today were founded in the 19th century , during the heyday of free - market capitalism .
[ 5 ]
Since then , the growth of the welfare state has crowded out private charity and done massive damage to the charitable ethic .
While polemical appeals to the starving man remain , this is now something of a straw man .
Few pretend that there is any real prospect of starvation for " the poor " in those wealthy countries that have benefited from free - market capitalism .
[ 6 ]
If anything , the greatest health problem faced by " the poor " in Western countries is morbid obesity rather than starvation .
Continued appeals to alleged " basic needs " are now nothing more than the thin end of the wedge for large - scale efforts to redistribute wealth .
The material prosperity of free - market capitalism stands in stark contrast to the poverty of those countries that have abandoned freedom from coercion by others in favor of pipe dreams about freedom from the necessities of nature .
Here there has been starvation on massive scales , including premeditated starvations undertaken by those socialist governments that have most comprehensively arrogated to themselves the task of providing for the needs of the people . [ 7 ]
Context Dropping to Omit Discussion of Personal Responsibility
Starting with the assumption that a man is starving is a classic example of context dropping .
After all , how did he get into this dire situation in the first place ?
Under free - market capitalism , the law of comparative advantage and the division of labor ensures that he is always able to perform some valuable task with greater relative efficiency than others .
The absence of governmental interference in the labor market ensures that he is able to obtain work in these areas of comparative advantage if he desires it .
And the constantly improving efficiency of capitalist production ensures that his wages rise over time and the prices of basic goods and services fall , allowing him to benefit from greater and greater levels of prosperity .
For the exceedingly small number of people who are genuinely unable to perform productive work to a level that would sustain their own basic needs — such as those with a serious disability — there has always been ample provision of voluntary charity from the many other people who prosper under free - market capitalism .
The danger that this charity might be unavailable is only increased by the concerted efforts of welfare statists to conflate genuine voluntary charity with faux charity provided by governments or government - funded agencies .
This fraud has led some people to associate charity with statism ( as was intended ) and reject both ( which was not ) .
The Dishonesty of Welfare Statists
This candid recognition of the contradiction between freedom from coercion and government welfare is more than can be expected from the advocates of the welfare state .
Most are not content to admit their preference for government welfare instead of freedom from coercion .
Rather , they gloss over the coercive nature of government action altogether .
As a case in point of this fraudulent stance we can do little better than Sir Beveridge 's own disingenuous statement that " Liberty means more than freedom from the arbitrary power of Governments . " [ 8 ]
In fact , the " liberty " conceived by Sir Beveridge and other welfare statists does not mean freedom from the arbitrary power of government at all .
It means precisely the opposite : that people are to be systematically enslaved by their government in order to provide an expanding list of goods and services to those that the government deems worthy .
In light of the absence of any genuine prospect of starvation in developed countries , the duplicity of appeals to the starving man is palpable .
In the modern welfare state , the government does not supply merely the barest necessities for basic sustenance .
Rather , it engages in large - scale redistributions of wealth , allowing the beneficiaries of this system to live well in excess of mere subsistence , [ 9 ] on resources that have been systematically plundered from others .
To be abundantly clear , this should not be taken to mean that welfare recipients lead affluent lives . [ 10 ]
But affluence and subsistence are two very different standards , and if welfare statists choose to import arguments for mere subsistence — as with appeals to the alleged lack of freedom of the starving man — then they must be held to this standard .
It is highly duplicitous for them to impose mass redistribution as a means of combating alleged starvation , for this is clearly not the motive .
However poor welfare recipients may be relative to the general population , they are clearly not in any danger of starvation .
Even accepting the starving man as a useful thought experiment , the proposition that his hunger nullifies his freedom is untenable .
In a free society — i.e. , a society that does not condone government coercion — he would have abundant opportunities to fulfill his needs on the free market .
If he is genuinely unable to do so , he will find large numbers of more prosperous people willing to help him voluntarily .
In the alleged effort to escape " economic servitude " and satisfy our basic survival needs the modern welfare state — the materialization of the philosophy of modern " liberals " — has been more successful in creating dependence than in creating affluence .
By enslaving all to the government in an endless battle of griping and political graft , it has done little more than erode the ethics and incentives that lead us to care for ourselves and others .
Notes
[ 1 ]
One also occasionally hears the stronger claim that " the hungry man is not free . "
For the purposes of this paper , we will dispose of the weaker claim , thereby logically disposing of the stronger .
[ 2 ] Beveridge , W. Why I am a Liberal ( Herbert Jenkins : London , 1945 ) , p. 9 .
[ 3 ]
Though many modern liberals tend to regard voluntary charity as demeaning to the donee , either because they maintain that he already has a " right " to this assistance or because they believe that , absent some guarantee of survival , the donee is forced into a subordinate relationship to the donor .
[ 4 ]
It is an unfortunate sign of intellectual degeneration in the field of politics that one even has to use the redundant concept of voluntary charity .
[ 5 ]
For example , the St. Vincent de Paul Society was founded in 1833 , the Royal London Society for the Blind in 1838 , the Red Cross in 1863 and the Salvation Army in 1865 .
[ 6 ]
I say " the poor " in quotation marks , because the poorest people in wealthy countries are in fact tremendously wealthy in comparison to most people throughout the world , both historically and today .
Even the most menial worker or unemployed person in wealthy countries today enjoys a lifestyle of absolute opulence compared to the conditions faced by most of humanity historically — they are far from starving .
In fact , they are poor only in comparison to other people in wealthy countries who are even wealthier .
[ 7 ]
For example , in 1932 –33 the government of the Soviet Union intentionally starved five million Ukrainian peasants to death .
During the " Great Leap Forward " the Chinese government caused the death by starvation of twenty - seven million , the largest starvation in human history .
See Rummel , R.J. Death by Government ( Transaction Publishers : New Brunswick , 1994 ) , pp. 80 , 97 .
[ 8 ]
Beveridge , W. Why I am a Liberal ( Herbert Jenkins : London , 1945 ) , p. 9 . Emphasis added .
[ 9 ]
One occasionally hears welfare advocates talk about people living " below subsistence . "
These people need a dictionary , not a media platform .
[ 10 ] Compared to the general population in the same time and place they do not , though they certainly do compared to the historical conditions that have existed for most people throughout history .
Stepping up the Clinton Administration 's campaign against gun violence , Hillary Rodham Clinton used an emotional White House ceremony today to call on Americans to press Congress to '' buck the gun lobby ' ' and pass several gun control measures .
Today 's event , pegged to Mother 's Day , which is Sunday , was held in the formal East Room of the White House and featured three parents of children killed or wounded by gunfire .
They included Tom Mauser , whose son Daniel was killed last month in the shooting rampage in Littleton , Colo .
His story of waiting for word about his son's fate brought Mrs. Clinton nearly to tears as she took the podium and gravely addressed an audience of other parents who had lost their children in shootings .
The Senate is to begin debate next week on a number of gun control measures , some of which mirror proposals offered recently by President Clinton .
'' The senators need to hear from all of us , '' Mrs. Clinton said .
She urged voters '' to give them the encouragement to do what they know is right and to remind them that there are many , many millions of American voters and citizens who will stand behind political leaders who are brave enough to buck the gun lobby , wherever that may take us , so that they will vote for the measures that we know will save lives . ''
Mrs. Clinton was as careful as her husband has been to say that there are many causes of violence and that parents need to take responsibility for their children 's behavior .
But Mrs. Clinton , who is considering running for the Senate from New York , where gun control is popular , has also been more forceful than the President in directly taking on the powerful gun lobby in the aftermath of the Littleton killings .
It ’s the calm before the presentation storm .
Over the next three months , I ’ve got four different presentations at Webstock and SXSW .
I ’m also the best man at a wedding in Washington , all of which means I ’m spending most of my down - time thinking up things I ’m going to say in the future .
If you ’re looking for advice on giving a presentation , the Internet is chock full of endless advice .
I ’ve been here , too .
If you ’re looking for tips on writing the presentation , the Internet goes dark — for a fairly simply reason .
To think about how to write a presentation , you need to think about how you speak , and that ’s not what you ’re doing when you read or write .
I ’ll demonstrate .
Say the following out loud right now :
I am reading this out loud to no one in particular .
Were you surprised to hear your voice ?
I was .
Did you actually read it out loud ?
No ?
Why not ?
Sitting in a coffee shop ?
Worried that the guy next to you will think you ’re a freak ?
This basic discomfort is the reason it ’s tricky to explain how to present in an article .
The skills involved in writing a clever paragraph are completely different from those used for developing and delivering that clever paragraph to a room full of strangers .
You still have n’t read it out loud , have you ?
Presentation or Speech ?
Developing a compelling presentation involves a series of decisions and exercises to align your head with the fact that you ’re delivering your content directly to people .
No internet .
No weblog .
Just you .
Your first decision : speech or presentation ?
Wondering about the difference ?
Take a quick look at these two entirely different appearances by Steve Jobs .
The first is his Three Stories speech at Stanford and the second is part of his MacWorld 2007 keynote .
You only need to watch a few minutes of both to get a feel for the difference between a presentation and a speech .
My guess is you only viewed the Stanford video because everyone has seen Steve Jobs at MacWorld and the Stanford video is a shocker .
Clearly , it ’s Steve Jobs .
It ’s his voice , he ’s got his trademark bottle of water , but the delivery is completely anti-Jobs because he ’s reading his compelling stories from a piece of a paper .
It freaks me out .
In his autobiography , regarding his stand - up comedy years , Steve Martin writes , “ If you do n’t dim the lights … the audience wo n’t laugh . ”
This subtle , paradoxical observation is the core difference between speeches and presentations .
In a presentation , half of the art is figuring out how to create an environment where your audience can actively participate without knowing they are participating .
In a speech , the audience may laugh or cry , but they are not required nor encouraged to participate , because , during a speech , the spotlight never leaves the speechmaker .
For a presentation or a speech , you need your audience , otherwise it ’s just you in an empty room talking to no one in particular , and we already have a word for that … it ’s called writing .
The Unforgivable Mistake
There is one unforgivable mistake when giving a presentation .
You ’ve heard it before : “ Do n’t read from your slides . ”
As you ’ll see , my approach for presentation development is designed around avoiding this cardinal mistake , and it starts with picking the right tool .
For all of my presentations during the past three years , I ’ve done all my content creation inside of my presentation software , which , thankfully , is Keynote .
In the back of my mind , I ’ve wondered if this is the right tool to iterate a presentation .
Should n’t I follow the same process as writing and drop all my thoughts into TextEdit where I can easily slice and dice complex thoughts ?
No .
Start with and stick with Keynote or whatever presentation software floats your boat .
First , presentation software is effectively designed to be outline software and that ’s a great tool for organizing and editing your thoughts while not allowing them to become a book .
By keeping your presentation in slide format , you ’re forcing your content to remain a presentation , not an article .
Where each slide is a thought .
Where moments of undiscovered brilliance are sitting between bullet points .
We ’ll talk about how to find this brilliance in a bit , but for now , iterate in the slides .
Your job is to get as much of the meat as possible into outline form so that you can begin to transform it into a presentation .
Do n’t worry about how you ’re going to say something or whether folks are going to get it .
If you ’re worried that the outline does n’t allow you to capture the essential detail that you could with a blank piece of paper , start taking notes .
I like the stickies in Keynote for random small thoughts .
I like the speaker notes for bigger ones .
What ’s going to happen as you edit and re-edit is that an initial structure will emerge from your outline .
Better yet , since you ’ve stuck with presentation software , I ’m guessing you ’re already starting to hear your voice in your head on certain slides …
“ This is a key point .
I need to say this one reeeeeeeeallly slowly because it needs to stick . ”
“ Good data that needs to be conveyed , but … dull .
Needs hip . ”
Once you ’ve got what looks like a rough outline of your presentation , it ’s time to invoke The Disaster .
The Disaster
This is the second time I ’m going to ask you to do something and the second time I just want you to do it .
No questions asked .
I want you to go to the first slide of your presentation , stand up , and give your presentation .
Wait what whoa
Rands this is rough and it ’s missing thoughts and uh …
Quiet .
Give it a shot .
Beginning to end , each slide , I want to hear your presentation .
Done ?
How ’d it go ?
There ’s a reason I call it The Disaster , you know .
There are three reasons you should tough out your rough presentation with zero prep :
Get a feel for how it fits all together .
Hear yourself speaking .
This is more reinforcement that you are n’t writing a book , you ’re writing a presentation .
Build confidence .
You now know the absolute worst case scenario regarding this presentation .
There is no way it could be worse than what you just went through .
Did you notice as you stood in your office talking to no one in particular how thoughts in your head sounded different than on the slides ?
Did you discover flaws in logic ?
Mysterious new gaps in content on the slides you ’ve been staring at all morning ?
That ’s progress .
During the Disaster run-through , I take a ton of notes .
I do this on a piece of paper next to the computer because , as much as possible , I want to stick with the idea that I ’m giving my presentation .
If I stop to edit my slides , I lose track of tempo and momentum , or worse , I end up re-writing my presentation rather than giving it .
These handwritten notes look like this :
No clue what slide # 2 is trying to say .
Segue between # 4 and # 5 is non-existent
# 10 : Repeating myself
Your first job after your Disaster is to integrate your notes as quickly as possible .
For me , the post - Disaster edit is also the single biggest change I ’ll make to the presentation .
In addition to major structural changes , I also find new content that needs to be added .
Reduction
This is a good time to remind yourself how to not throw up .
This is the topic of an article from last year I wrote on the topic of preparing to give — not develop — your presentation , and there are huge useful intersections between these articles .
For those NADD afflictees out there , I present this article in three slightly revised bullet points :
Practice endlessly ( so that you can )
Improvise ( but never stop )
Fret ( ting )
In terms of developing your presentation , I ’m going to further modify bullet # 1 for this article .
It ’s now , “ Practice and edit endlessly ” .
This is the largest piece of work where I have the least advice because you need to stare at your slides at 2 am for three nights in a row .
You need to soak in your presentation .
So , mix it up .
Invoke another disaster .
Pitch a friend .
Print your slides and pitch a tree in the woods .
My best piece of advice is a threat : an audience can smell an immature presentation on the very first slide .
It has nothing to do with the quality of the content ; it ’s you standing lamely in front of your slide and silently conveying the “ Ok , what I am going to talk about here ? ” vibe , and it ’s presentation death .
During this endless editing and practice , you ’re looking for a reduction and consolidation of slides to occur .
It ’s not that you ’re saying less , it ’s that you ’re beginning to internalize the content so you no longer need all those words to remember your point .
It can be disconcerting to delete your fine ideas , so use the speaker notes or stickies if you feel you ’re going to forget something important .
You are n’t going to need them , but if it makes it emotionally easier to prune , terrific .
This consolidation is one of the reasons I do n’t usually send my slides to folks who ask after the presentation .
My slides , standing on their own , rarely make sense without me standing in front of the room furiously waving my arms .
Second , as part of your consolidation , you ’ll want to start thinking about where you want to use images rather than words .
Remember , a presentation is a visual and auditory medium , and a slide covered with words is , well , a cop-out .
If you ’re only going to use words to describe your fine idea , why do n’t you just send everyone an email instead of wasting an hour of their time reading the same thought plastered on the wall behind you .
This presentation is only partially about you and what you think .
Yes , you are the guiding force , but the goal is to present an idea with space around it .
In this space , your audience is going to pour their own experience and their opinions ; they ’re going to make your idea their own .
Pictures , charts , and graphs create structured , memorable space .
I use them in two ways : either to replace an entire thought wholesale or to augment a word slide that needs more space .
A Design Aside :
The visual design of your slides is an important topic that is outside the scope of this article , but know this : I ’ve seen people lose their minds tweaking animations and transitions on slides .
They try every single animation in the hope that just the right transition will add that certain something to their presentation , but what they do n’t know is that an animation fixation is usually a sign that your content blows .
The same rule for typefaces applies for transitions and animations .
The less your audience sees your design decisions , the more impact they ’ll have .
Third , you ’re looking for an underlying structure to your presentation that you ’re going to want to share with your audience .
During all of this endless practice , you ’re going to develop a feel for how your presentation fits together , but this structure may not be initially obvious to your audience .
For any reasonable - sized presentation , you need to design a visual system that allows audience members to instantly know where they are .
Fourth , and lastly , you ’re looking for audience participation opportunities in the flow and tempo of your presentation .
Where are you going to turn the lights up a little bit and remind the audience that they ’re sitting there , soaking in your thoughts ?
Let ’s talk a bit more about this .
Presentation Punctuation
Participation is presentation punctuation .
You ’re going to use participation to accentuate parts of your presentation .
You ’re going to use it to break up complex thoughts into digestible , comfortable ideas .
But you only have partial control of when folks will actually participate .
The most common participation technique is the show of hands opener .
It ’s usually done at the beginning of the presentation as a warm - up :
“ Show of hands — how many of you own a Mac ? ”
“ Quickly , how many of you think you ’re paying too much for term life insurance ? ”
As a warm - up technique , I ’m a fan of the opener .
It ’s an up - front reminder that this is not a speech , it ’s just an opening salvo and you ’ve got another hour to fill .
As you ’re endlessly practicing your slides , look for sections that are idea - heavy and give your audience a shot in the arm with a question .
You do n’t even have to ask for a show of hands , just direct the spotlight at them for a moment .
Tell me exactly what you do with your fingers when you read at your computer .
You ’re only going to be able to plan so much of your audience ’s participation , and therein lies the beauty of actually giving a presentation : you do n’t know when your audience is going to show up .
Dull , wordy slides I considered deleting often got the biggest laugh .
Visual slides that I ’ve poured my heart into are often complete duds .
You wo n’t know until you ’re there .
Something for their Pocket
What do you want your audience to remember ?
I should ’ve asked this at the beginning , but I ’m asking it now because you ’re almost done with your presentation and I want to know what your giving your audience that fits in their pocket .
I want to know what part of your presentation is actually going to leave with them .
There ’s a really easy and cheap way to do this and it ’s the Lessons Learned slide .
It ’s the bulleted list of important points slide that , when displayed , invariably results in a slew of cameras and iPhones appearing in the audience because they know this slide fits in their pockets .
Regardless of whether or not you use it , the Lessons Learned slide is a handy one to have at the end of your deck during the entire presentation development .
It defines the basic structure of your presentation and represents a goal .
Could you give your entire presentation from a single slide .
50 minutes , a room full of people , and you with your single slide with six bullet points ?
That ’s your goal , and you can have a wildly successful presentation without achieving it , but a one - slide presentation represents the ultimate commitment to your audience .
It says , “ This is n’t about slides .
This about me telling you a great story … out loud . ”
Jewish revenge in the works ?
A group of Jewish men have apparently been granted religious approval to carry out an act of retribution in retaliation for the attack on the Mercaz Harav yeshiva in Jerusalem last week , Channel 1 reported Tuesday .
According to the report , several 25 - 35 - year old men met with two prominent rabbinical figures – the first a rabbi at Mercaz Harav yeshiva and the second a rabbi known in far Right circles – two days after the attack , to discus possible retribution .
V for Volatile US : Mideast peace bid must go on despite attack Reuters White House urges Israel , PA to keep negotiations going despite attack on Jerusalem yeshiva .
' The most important thing is that the peace process continues , ' says White House spokesman US : Mideast peace bid must go on despite attack
Three of the men then met with a Bnei Brak rabbi , the head of a Sephardic yeshiva , and introduced him to the notion of retribution in the form of harming an Arab figure associated with Temple Mount .
The rabbi , said Channel 1 , gave them his blessing .
However , the Mercaz Harav yeshiva vehemently denied reports that any student or rabbi associated with the seminary planned to carry out an attack on Arabs .
" This report is baseless , and as proof of that , no arrests have been made , " the yeshiva said in its respons , adding a libel suit against Channel 1 is being considered .
Moreover , Rabbi Yaakov Shapira , head of Mercaz Harav yeshiva , called a special meeting of the students after Education Minister Yuli Tamir was attacked on her visit to the Jewish seminary , in which he urged them not to seek vengeance .
Sources close to the Yesha Rabbis ' Committee told Ynet that " it looks like the Shin Bet is behind this report ; it sounds to stereotypical ... although some of the public may think retribution is in order in this case . "
Other right wing elements said that while the atmosphere may be grave it was highly unlikely that the rabbis would sanction a vendetta .
Defense establishment monitors developments
Meanwhile , the defense establishment has been following similar reports suggesting the possibility of Jewish radicals carrying out an act of revenge
A Security source told
Ynet that there is great difficulty tracking Jewish elements looking to harm Arabs , citing the 2005 Eden Natan Zada case , in which an IDF deserter opened fire on a bus in the Arab town of Shfaram , killing four .
That was a lone , unforeseeable attack , said the source , and while the defense establishment is looking into several reports indicating some Jewish elements might seek revenge , no concrete leads are available .
Should am imminent threat be detected , concluded the source , the defense establishment will not hesitate to stop it .
National Religious Party Chairman MK
Zevulun Orlev called on Internal Security Minister Avi Dichter to order the immediate arrest of those suspected of allegedly planning a retaliatory act against Arabs , if indeed there are any .
" Some may try to find fault in religion Zionism while it grieves for its sons , " said Orlev .
" If no arrests are made it would just go to prove that this ( report ) is nothing but a malicious lie . "
Researchers at the University of Washington have uncovered how the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus , including the notorious MRSA ( methicillin - resistant Staph aureus ) " superbug " strains , resists our body 's natural defenses against infection .
The work , which was featured on the cover of the March 21 issue of Science , could lead to new ways to fight the bacteria .
Dr. Ferric Fang , UW professor of laboratory medicine and microbiology , and his UW colleagues Dr. Anthony Richardson and Dr. Stephen Libby set out to determine what makes Staph aureus a better pathogen than other bacteria .
They focused on a chemical compound called nitric oxide ( NO ) , a natural antibiotic that our cells excrete to protect us from pathogens .
For most bacteria , NO creates an environment that keeps invading microbes from undergoing respiration or fermentation , vital chemical processes that allow bacteria to grow .
The researchers found that Staph aureus has a mechanism that allows it to produce lactic acid in the presence of NO , which allows it to maintain its chemical balance and keep growing and thriving in the harsh host environment .
When Staph aureus is exposed to NO , it produces the novel enzyme responsible for lactic acid production , along with another enzyme that converts NO to non-toxic products .
NO is commonly found in the nose and nasal passages , and is meant to protect people against disease - causing microbes .
But Staph aureus is commonly found in the nose despite the presence of NO , the researchers explained .
When the researchers modified Staph aureus to take away its ability to make lactic acid , the bacteria could no longer tolerate NO .
The modified bacteria also lost their ability to survive in host immune cells and cause lethal disease in mice .
" MRSA has become an enormous public health problem , by causing both hospital - and community - acquired infections , " explained Fang .
" Staph aureus has already colonized about one - third of the world 's population , so traditional antibiotics will probably not be the complete answer to the MRSA problem . "
However , the researchers added , trying to make Staph aureus more susceptible to our natural defenses might lead to new strategies to de-colonize the population and prevent staphylococcal infections .
###
[ Haskell - cafe ]
There 's nothing wrong with infinite types !
G'day all .
Quoting Stefan O'Rear < stefanor at cox.net > : >
I for one took that as a challenge , and have implemented a type > inference engine for infinite types .
Very nice !
But there 's plenty wrong with infinite types ...
The fact is that infinite types are almost never what you want .
In the few situations where it is ( usually in data structures ) , using " newtype " usually is n't a huge imposition .
What you end up with instead is a bunch of programs that are obviously wrong becoming well - typed .
Consider the following program : search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = search p xs Let 's mutate the " otherwise " case with some common and some not - so - common bugs : search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = xs search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = search p search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = search xs search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = search search p [ ] = error " not found " search p ( x : xs ) | p x = x | otherwise = p
How many of these buggy versions would be type - correct if Haskell allowed infinite types ?
I 'll wait while you go and check with your type checked .
...
Are you surprised ?
I was .
Just about every dumb change I could think of making to the " otherwise " case resulted in what would be a type - correct function , if we allowed infinite types !
It would n't be so bad if it were unusual cases , but a lot of common programmer mistakes ( like leaving arguments off a recursive function call ) are only caught because of the occurs check .
Catching programmer mistakes is one of the reasons why people like Haskell so much .
Given that we have a servicable workaround ( newtype ) , it would be a mistake to allow types like this .
Cheers , Andrew Bromage
SCORING A VISA TO THE LAND OF REVENUE SCORING A VISA TO THE LAND OF REVENUE Several banks scored big in Visa 's IPO and still have sizable stakes in the company ( in millions ) : Raised in IPO Remaining stake JPMorgan Chase $ 1,261 $ 3,642 Bank of America $ 626 $ 1,806 National City $ 436 $ 1,259 Citigroup $ 300 $ 867 U.S. Bancorp $ 277 $ 799 Wells Fargo $ 273 $ 789 Source : USA TODAY research INVESTORS TAKE VISA INVESTORS TAKE VISA
Visa , dollars per share Huge demand for Visa 's record - setting IPO sent the shares surging Wednesday even as the broader market choked on credit fears again .
Not only did the world 's largest credit card processor raise $ 17.9 billion by selling about half of itself in an initial public offering , it saw its shares gain 28 % on their first day of trading .
Visa ( V ) rose $ 12.50 from the initial $ 44 price to close at $ 56.50 and was the New York Stock Exchange 's most - active stock .
ASK MATT COLUMN : Visa stock is finally out of the barn , but do n't rush in The success of the largest U.S. IPO in history and the strong interest from both professional and individual investors turned Visa into a bright spot in an otherwise choppy stock market .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index fell 32 points , or 2.4 % , to 1298 .
Observers were ready for a strong debut , given the buildup in enthusiasm since last year .
" I was n't surprised to see that level of interest , " says James Owers , professor of finance at Georgia State University .
" This is a marquee IPO . "
Visa 's strong showing was encouraging in that it was : • Good news for financial companies .
After the implosion of Bear Stearns , top U.S. banks needed something positive .
Visa was that good news .
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) and Bank of America ( BAC ) are the biggest holders of Visa , owning a little more than a third of the company , says Nick Einhorn , analyst at Renaissance Capital .
Together , they made nearly $ 2 billion after the IPO was priced at $ 44 a share late Tuesday , above the expected initial range of $ 37 to $ 42 .
All the bank owners will collect about $ 10 billion immediately , says Michael Kon of Morningstar .
But the news could have been better for the banks , points out Jay Ritter , professor of finance at the University of Florida .
Shares of Visa gained so much their first day that the sellers missed out on a historic amount of money .
By selling shares for $ 44 that were worth $ 56.50 , the sellers left a record $ 5.1 billion on the table , he says .
The second most left on the table was the UPS offering in 1999 , which left $ 1.6 billion , he says .
• A sign of life in a sluggish IPO market .
This year , only 22 IPOs have begun trading , less than half the number in the same period last year , Renaissance Capital says .
And while $ 22.2 billion has been raised from IPOs this year , 81 % of that is from Visa .
Still , Visa helped lift the poor performance of IPOs vs. the rest of the market .
The Renaissance IPO index is down 25 % this year , much worse than the S&P 500's 11.6 % year - to - date decline .
• A source of excitement for individual investors .
The stock market has been responsible for a lot of portfolio destruction all year , so some investors welcomed something that rose in value .
Marc Moss , a 39 - year - old home builder in La Marque , Texas , has been following the Visa IPO and wanted to invest .
He 'd never invested in an IPO until now .
Wednesday morning , Moss ' discount broker , TD Ameritrade , let him buy 100 of the 500 shares he requested at the offer price .
He bought 400 more shares in the open market at $ 59.50 .
He was looking forward to the IPO so much he had trouble sleeping Tuesday .
" I was getting up all during the night due to the excitement for this IPO to come , " he says .
Morningstar 's
Kon thinks investors who keep a long - term outlook on the stock can still make money .
Kon 's price target on the stock is $ 74 , which he thinks is obtainable if management keeps boosting the company 's profit by trimming costs .
There 's also growth potential if more small - business owners start charging their expenses , rather than writing checks , he says .
But as with any IPO , there are risks .
Kon says the biggest danger would be if regulators forced Visa to reduce the fees it charges merchants to use the credit card network .
" It 's hard to predict what regulators will do , " he says .
There are also concerns about the stock 's valuation .
Visa 's price - earnings ratio ( stock price divided by earnings per share ) is 25.8 times its annualized most recent quarterly earnings .
That 's more than twice the 12.3 P - E of the S&P 500 based on its annualized fourth - quarter earnings .
That 's despite the fact , Ritter says , that IPOs of companies with $ 500 million of revenue or more tend to underperform the market by 1.5 % in the three - year period after the IPO .
Some investors may have already gotten a taste of disappointment .
Investors who bought Visa at its high of the day at $ 69 are already down 18 % , Owers says .
" Even a good IPO is hazardous to small - scale investors , " he says .
" For investors that paid $ 69 , it may be some time before we see $ 69 again . "
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
totally
at
even more obviously
For a full discussion on COG , see this
In two previous posts ( here and here ) , I showed that Continuity of Government ( COG ) plans were implemented on September 11th , and I argued that it is possible that they have never been suspended .
Now , one of the top investigative journalists in the country , Larisa Alexandrovna ( the lead journalist at Raw Story ) , says : Remember that Continuity of Government plans -- that is , the measures that go into effect in case of emergency -- suspend the Constitutional form of government , cut elected officials out of the loop , and may even allow the government to tell the media what it can and cannot report Remember also that the entire Homeland Security Committee of the U.S. Congress has been denied access to the government 's Continuity of Government Plans even though it has clearance to view such plans ( video ; or here is the transcript ) .
Indeed , a member of that Committee has said " Maybe the people who think there ’s a conspiracy out there are right ” .
If we are in a state of emergency and COG plans are in effect , then Congress acting even more obviously like corporate and military lapdogs than normal andignoring the will of the people would make sense .
It would make sense that " impeachment is off the table " , because Congress would not even be sitting the table under a non-constitutional COG form of government ; and Congress certainly would not be a co-equal branch of government with the Executive branch .
If we are in a state of emergency and COG plans are in effect , then the corporate media 's actinglike the disinformation arm of the government than usual would make sense .
Given the stakes , it is vital that we demand that Congress and the White House state on the record whether or not Continuity of Government plans are currently in effect .
We 're not going to make any progress on whatever issue is most important to us -- peace , liberty , election integrity / vote fraud , 9/11 truth , etc. -- if we are living under a COG regime and we do n't even know it .
And our strategy will be different depending on whether we are living under a COG regime or a Constitutional form of government .
We have to find out one way or another .
After reading the links below , I ca n’t even believe the Clinton people had the nerve to bring up Obama ’s pastor .
From Mother Jones via the Dallas Morning News :
For 15 years , Hillary Clinton has been part of a secretive religious group that seeks to bring Jesus back to Capitol Hill .
Is she triangulating –or living her faith ? …
The Fellowship ’s long - term goal is “ a leadership led by God–leaders of all levels of society who direct projects as they are led by the spirit . ”
According to the Fellowship ’s archives , the spirit has in the past led its members in Congress to increase U.S. support for the Duvalier regime in Haiti and the Park dictatorship in South Korea .
The Fellowship ’s God-led men have also included General Suharto of Indonesia ; Honduran general and death squad organizer Gustavo Alvarez Martinez ; a Deutsche Bank official disgraced by financial ties to Hitler ; and dictator Siad Barre of Somalia , plus a list of other generals and dictators .
Here is the Mother Jones link .
More on this group ’s leader , Doug Coe , from Harper ’s via a DKos diary .
Honestly , I felt like I was reading about a cult .
At some point , the Clinton people need to learn about “ the Google . ”
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Inconsistencies ' Reported in Results from Snohomish County , WA's GOP Caucus "
( 38 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
I have been watching Senator Dodd 's expose on the Senate floor in the FISA debate .
He points out the the telecoms who will be granted retroactive immunity if the FISA bill passes , were approached BEFORE 911 to do this .
The rhetorical republican lies have been , heretofore , that 911 is what made the use of the telecom data necessary .
Esser is a microcosm for all things BIG BROTHER , because BIG BROTHER is a republican .
The Esser phenomenon was planned .
Stop Esser and his fellow Amurkans , who are choking America to death even as we speak .
Thank you Senator Dodd , I will never forget you or your speech still going as I blog .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... mistermr said on 2/11/2008 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
Very interesting .
One can only wonder what is going on in all 50 states .
Hope you can get the word out because the MSM is not going to do it for you .
God bless .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Paul said on 2/11/2008 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
Thanks for the informative objective reporting .
I agree the current interest in accurate voting is most important .
This country , I hope , is not becoming a controlled entity .
MSM telling us who is the the only choice ?
Please consider + read up on Dr. Paul 's solutions .
Thanks .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Kate said on 2/11/2008 @ 8:12 pm PT ...
Do n't feel bad , Louisiana 's votes got hijacked as well .
Check out what you can find ( via independent news and LSU ) on how we voted Ron Paul & got McInsane anyway .
BTW ... the Katrina news you saw was mostly lies .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Paul Lehto said on 2/11/2008 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
Snohomish is getting better and better known for election irregularities .
Look at my co-authored scientific study , ( which still stands even after litigation it was never refuted ) at www.votersunite.org/info...onFraudinvestigation.pdf
( especially see p. 19 about the 19 DREs pulled out of service and see also pages 75 - 79 discussing this in Freeman and Bleifuss 's " Was the 2004 Presidential Election Stolen ? " which discusses the study in detail as some of the best evidence of electronic irregularity / fraud out there .
( this is just the tip of the iceberg , much more if you read the report ) .
THe study focuses on the 2004 gubernatorial election where a hand recount led to a side by side comparison of hand counted paper ballots vs. DREs and all the differences that emerged there on a precinct by precinct basis ...
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 2/11/2008 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
Paul : I was absolutely DISGUSTED and ANGERED that Governor Gregoire did n't immediately order a complete and total investigation of Snohomish County 's election on her first day in office after her heavily politicized " close election " that she actually won by thousands of votes .
Had she done this , she might have uncovered the depth and depravity of the Rethuglican Election Theft Mashine and totally altered the political landscape , and perhaps even laid the groundwork ( back in 2005 ) for election reforms that might have actually WORKED .
She could have exposed the Rethuglicans for what they are --- despicable and scurrilous thieves and enemies of Democracy .
An investigation in Washington might have killed DREs across the country before 2006 , and the Democrats might have won 2 more Senate seats and 20 more House seats .
But no , the brave prosecutor who went after the cigarette companies did n't have the personal fortitude to go out on THAT limb , but preferred to just put her nearly stolen election to rest , but leave the Rethuglicans out there with their meme that SHE stole the election ( damn , was she really THAT stupid ? ) .
I hope she loses her next election and that scumbag who she beat by 15,000 votes beats her --- it serves her right .
She sold out Democracy and perhaps the entire future of the United States for her personal career .
With Democrats like Gregoire , who needs Rethuglican enemies ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Jerry Alexander said on 2/12/2008 @ 2:47 am PT ...
I did not hear the " Huck " complain when Ron Paul was cheated .
The " Huck " did not become so patriotic until it happened to him .
The " Huck " is a two face lier , and his supporter even think that getting rid of the " Income Tax " was " Hucks " idea .... How ignorant is that ?
The " Huck " , and his supporters are very scary .. indeed .
John McCain is responsible for the deaths of America pilots , and ! that`s why he had the POW papers hidden forever .
Ask John McCain to let the public review those papers and see what happens .
John McCain will turn into the person he is and tell one lie after the other .. someone ask John McCain about the papers , his radio messages , the Russian doctor , the picture of him hugging the communist General w/ a smile on his , John `S face .
The very same General that Killed and tortured American POW`S .
John McCain will get to KILL MORE AMERICANS , LOT`S OF AMERICANS will die at his hands during the 100 + years of war he say`s in ahead .
I think Americas have reached , at lease I hope they have reached , the Outer Limits of their stupidity .... Maybe not ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Jerry Alexander said on 2/12/2008 @ 3:18 am PT ...
I challenge John McCain , and Mike Huckabee , to debate Ron Paul , one on one .
That way we can find out , for sure , who is the real " Republican " .
By the way !
Ron Paul was ask by Ronald Reagan , to campaign for him , Ronald Reagan , and Ronald Won .
Did any other of these candidates campaign for Reagan , NO !
They were not even considered , much less asked .
The Truth Will Set You Free , true , but first one must find it , the truth .
Come on John , Mike , debate Ron Paul ... neither of you have the honesty to debate Ron Paul , neither of you NAZI`S have the nerve to debate Ron Paul .
Let`s have the debate in an open area where any AMERICAN is allowed to ask questions .
Any American that happens to be in that area , any of us , any questions we want to ask .
That will never happen , those two cowards , John and Mike , would find some lame excuse not to be there .
Any bets ?
I would ask Ron to simply make the challenge , that`s all he would have to do , just make the challenge and then just stand where the debate is to be held , and wait ... and wait .... and wait , for the others to show up .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 5:20 am PT ...
It is not only the election characteristics that have changed from paper ballots and hand counts to black box voting .
Power changes and corrupts those who get it and try to increase it .
John McCain , according to McCain supporters and watchers has changed :
I hate to be the one to break up a love affair , especially with Valentine 's Day just around the corner , but I can no longer stand idly by and watch the media and independent voters continue to throw themselves at the feet of John McCain .
The McCain they fell in love with in 2000 --- the straight - shooting maverick --- is no more .
He 's been replaced by a born - again Bushite willing to say or do anything to win the affection of his newfound object of desire , the radical right .
( Huffpo ) .
I would n't know .
All I know is that McPain is preznit blush on steroids .
Ron Paul is ahead of his party and therefore ahead of his time .
Huck is much safer than McPain .
I am voting AGAINST the kingdom of R ( Republicans ) in every category .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 2/12/2008 @ 6:07 am PT ...
A word about this John McCain .
Acehole John McCain who said it would be fine with him if the US military remained in Iraq for the next 100 years
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFknKVjuyNk now claims he 's gonna save America money for example by cutting the 3 million dollars ( inaccurate figure ) used to study Grizzlies in Montana .
http://www.sciam.com/art...=mccains-beef-with-bears
Nevermind that Al quada ( the so called enemy of the US ) was funneled money and arms to fight Russia during their invasion of Afganistan when they started out in the late 80's by the CIA .
Yes there is a strong tie most Americans know little about .
Iraq , the country that had as much to do with 9/11 as FEDERAL WORLD TRADE TOWER BUILDING # 7 and it's 6 second collapse into dust without the help of anyarabs or airplanes .
Look up Sibel Edmond 's former FBI interpreter gagged by the bush administration if you want to find out how 25 treasonous gov officials were involved with selling nuclear weapons secrets to Pakistan , in turn N. Korea , and who the hell knows else giving them the bomb .
1000 's and 1000's of innocent people have been killed in a war that has cost billions and billions of dollars .
This is not a careless waste to John McCain but 3 million dollars used to study the FEDERALLY endangered and misunderstood Grizzly is excessive spending .
This is the top republithug party candidate leader in line to replace bush in the next
rigged election .
He 's going after isolated populations of brown bears suffering from 57 major survival issues surrounded by land developers .
If he wins in November , the corp mass media will proclaim he won the election because racist male chauvinist America just was n't ready for a
black arab or a woman in the W.H. A plausible set up .
Especially when electronic voting companies who count and tabulate US elections
( electronically ) in complete secrecy without any oversite WILL NOT be able to provide hard evidence without paper ballot trails that he actually lost .
For the record , if i could ever get this man in a ring i would tear his fucking head off .
Of course Gore had more votes on paper in 2000
in Florida and it never mattered .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 6:33 am PT ...
The vote on the FISA amendment that strips telco immunity ...
... ( and Bush administration immunity ) ...
... ( and unlimited future Bush administration immunity ) ...
... from the new FISA bill is today , Tuesday 2-12-2008 .
41 Senators are needed to pass it .
Senators need to be present to cast an " aye " vote for the amendment .
And both Clinton and Obama are just " too busy " campaigning to stop by and vote on this issue .
( Actually they are both terrified of being caught with their fingerprints anywhere near this bill one way or the other . )
And forget any " WE NEED TO ELECT MORE AND BETTER DEMOCRATS ! " bullshit ... once this capitulation is complete this power will never be given up by " our " government .
So afterwards any electronic communication will officially be suspect as to confidentiality .
And a hint ... encryption ai n't so sure either .
Leaving aside the constant search for flaws in current encryption methods there 's always brute force .
The usual glad - handing in that regard is always vague assurances that it would take a " supercomputer " " centuries " to crack common encryption methods ... ... and like the old concept of individual agents listening to individual phone calls this false image gives meaningless comfort to the victims and ignores the massive server farms already caching all data for later automated data mining .
Ed Felten of Princeton did the math some months ago showing that modern techniques could indeed intercept and store all current electronic communications for a modest expense that was easily covered within the black areas of current intelligence budgets .
To track the " untrackable " takes a few billion dollars ... and they can crack the " uncrackable " for a few billion more .
128 bit for sure , and I would n't trust AES much further .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 2/12/2008 @ 6:56 am PT ...
More facts investigated about loser John McCain voting record and his ideas of pork spending .
http://www.factcheck.org...geous_exaggerations.html
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 6:57 am PT ...
Six days ago Obama voted to sunset FISA in 4 years instead of 6 years ( if it gets passed ) .
Forty Eight ( 48 ) other democrats in the Senate did the same .
Zero ( 0 ) republicans voted to sunset it in 4 years instead of 6 years .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:06 am PT ...
On Jan 24 this year , a few weeks back , all republicans voted to kill the bill that came out of the judiciary that would NOT give retroactive immunity to the telecoms who spied on you for five years without a warrant .
That spying started BEFORE 911 .
The only people threatening to filibuster the retroactive immunity bill are democrats Dodd , Feingold , and Leahy .
All republican senators support retroactive immunity for the criminals violating the 4th Amendment of the Constitution and have said they will vote that way today .
Support Dodd 's filibuster stop the republicans !!!
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:17 am PT ...
Feinstein is on the floor speaking now .
She has a thing on her blouse that is a sign that appeared on german fascist warplanes during WWII .
The is a fascist pig along with all the rest of them that vote to give immunity to the fascist criminal telecoms .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Meaningless additions , Dredd .
In the face of the current capitulation the easy votes and feel - good votes did not matter .
And the participants knew it .
The votes that matter are TODAY .
And the participants know it .
And neither Clinton or Obama will be anywhere near the Senate TODAY .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:26 am PT ...
Obama showed up and cast his first vote just now .
He will vote for the 4th Amendment of the American Constitution all day , and against FISA fascism .
Reid moused out by saying no matter what they do preznit blush will not obey the law anyway .
What that dorkism covers up is that he wo n't be breaking the law if they make the law what he wants .
Which is rank fascism .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:34 am PT ...
so when ALL repubs voted for the sunset in 4 years does that include dr paul ?
So they are trying to make spying legal , what about omnivore , carnivore , eschelon , etc to name a few programs that have been around long b4 911 ?
Did n't clinton or bush 1 have chips put into regular analog phones that allowed eavesdropping .
Not saying i support it , but it 's been going on a LONG time .
And as far as the telecom industry is corrupt just look at its past all the way to the begining .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:37 am PT ...
i agree that mCcain the maverick is no more and i lost all respect after he put his lips on george 's arse .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 2/12/2008 @ 7:44 am PT ...
If Democratic senators can't vote in large numbers to ensure there will be no immunity , then nobody should ever vote for them or the Republican senators .
How can they offer immunity for a violation of the Constitution ?
Either it 's the law of the land or our government is just a fake .
Do we have a Democracy ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 8:37 am PT ...
... MarkH asked ...
" Do we have a Democracy ? " 67 Senators just voted " No " on your question .
Harry Reid 's carefully scripted capitulation is on course and on schedule .
The telcos ... and the government ... are now immunized from any consequences for breaking the law in the past ... present ... and future .
Obama did show up , contrary to my expectations , and he " voted right " ... and it was meaningless .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 8:40 am PT ...
Inconsistencies have shown up in voting .
But not in the republicans .
The vast majority , 95 - 100 % of republicans are voting FOR fascist FISA .
Obama is consistently voting with Feingold and Dodd .
McCain is consistently voting FOR all things FISA and against Obama , Feingold and Dodd .
Clinton is a no show .
I am with Obama , Feingold , and Dodd .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 8:46 am PT ...
Oneguy # 18 The opposite .
ALL REPUBLICANS voted against the 4 year sunset , and thereby FOR the 6 year sunset .
So thanks to them , if FISA passes , it will last at least 6 years instead of only 4 years .
BUT TAKE HEART ... it must go back to conference committee and the HOUSE must vote on it again before it can be sent to preznit blush .
Call your democratic and independent HOUSE members and urge them to vote the Senate version down ... in other words ... to not allow retroactive immunity to the fascist telecoms .
There are more democrats , by percentage , in the HOUSE than in the Senate .
The HOUSE is less fascist than the Senate is .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 8:56 am PT ...
Here is the link to the INCONSISTENCIES and the CONSISTENCIES on today 's FISA voting .
Contact your HOUSE members and have them reject the conference bill if it has retroactive immunity for the telecoms .
FISA madness can still be stopped .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 9:13 am PT ...
And to forestall further questions ...
Senator Dodd essentially signed away his right to filibuster the results when he agreed to Reid 's carefully scripted schedule .
And I 'm sure the " Bush Dog " Dems in the House will take care of that little problem .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/12/2008 @ 9:29 am PT ...
This Fisa vote makes crystal clear who is for Democracy and who is for korporations and big brother government , and who is scared to show her true face .
Seems to me 2/3 of the senators should find a new job their next election cycle .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 9:40 am PT ...
Somebody 's worried ... the voting schedule has been accelerated to warp speed .
Cloture ... to close debate on a bill and move the bill as a whole to a vote ... and there were 68 Yes votes .
The FISA bill itself is now being voted on ...
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 2/12/2008 @ 9:57 am PT ...
What if the repubs .
help US out with election fraud ?
McCain is not liked in his own party .
Huckabee is harder to hate .
He does seem to be more mentally agile .. ie a sense of humor .
What happened in Washington state was stupid .
It will be easy to prove election fraud .
Some repubs .
do n't know that the days that total impunity for their actions has come and gone .
Reminds me of my dog chasing a squirrel .. just as she was barreling down on squirrel ... squirrel did a little sidestep and my dog kept on running .
Repubs .
are still running with " We 'll take care of the votes . "
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 10:07 am PT ...
My guess is that 95 -100 % of republicans in the HOUSE will vote to approve the conference bill that comes out of conference .
We need a majority of House representatives to vote to reject the Senate telecom immunity bill ( a.k.a. FISA ) .
There are 430 429 total members ( one dem died yesterday ) .
So we need 215 votes to constitute a majority to vote against FISA there .
There are 231 dems and 198 repubs ... so even if all republicans vote fascist , and 16 dems vote fascist , FISA still fails .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 10:11 am PT ...
my mistake ...
Dodd will get 4 hours of " filibuster " time after lunch ... and then the Constitution will take the final plunge .
For those tuning in late : the Senate of the United States has been busy today voting to give Bush and the telcos all the surveillance powers he wanted as well as immunity for past , present , and future crimes .
And in 4 hours the final Senate vote will be held on the FISA bill that 's even worse than the " Protect America Act " .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 2/12/2008 @ 10:26 am PT ...
... er... Dredd ... you have no conception of how deep the corruption runs .
At last count there were 48 " Blue Dogs " in the House and of those the following have earned the sobriquet of " Bush Dog " Democrats : http://www.openleft.com/...howDiary.do?diaryId=1073
AL - 05 : Bud Cramer
AR - 02 : Vic Snyder
AR - 04 : Mike Ross
CA - 20 : Jim Costa
CO -03 : John Salazar
FL - 02 : Alan Boyd
GA -08 : Jim Marshall
GA - 12 : John Barrow
IA - 03 : Leonard Boswell
IL - 03 : Dan Lipinski
IL - 08 : Melissa Bean
IN - 02 : Joe Donnelly
IN - 08 : Brad Ellsworth
IN - 09 : Baron Hill
KY - 06 : Ben Chandler
LA -03 : Charlie Melancon
MS - 04 : Gene Taylor
MN - 01 : Tim Walz
MN - 07 : Colin Peterson
NC - 07 : Mike McIntyre
NC - 02 : Bob Etheridge
NC - 11 : Heath Shuler
ND - AL : Earl Pomeroy
OH - 06 : Charlie Wilson
OH - 18 : Zack Space
OK - 02 : Dan Boren
PA - 04 : Jason Altmire
PA - 10 : Chris Carney
SD - AL : Stephanie Herseth
TN - 04 : Lamar Davis
TN - 05 : Jim Cooper
TN - 06 : Bart Gordon
TN - 08 : John Tanner
TX - 17 : Chet Edwards
TX - 22 : Nick Lampson
TX - 23 : Ciro Rodriguez
TX - 28 : Henry Cuellar
UT - 02 : Jim Matheson
WA - 03 : Brian Baird
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 10:45 am PT ...
FISA , if it passes , will then go to conference committee .
The reason is that the House Bill did not have the retroactive telecom immunity in it .
Thus there must be an agreement between the two realms of congress , both House and Senate .
If the conference committee ( composed of several House and Senate members ) agrees and the retroactive immunity is still in it , then since there will in effect have been a change , the House must agree with the Senate changes or the FISA bill fails .
The full house must vote on it if it comes out of that conference committee .
If it does not come out of that conference committee it is dead until raised from the dead .
THEN after all that , and if it passes both House and Senate , and preznit blush thereafter signs it ... it heads for the courts .
There it will be tested against the Fourth Amendment , which says :
The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized .
( Bill of Rights , emphasis added ) .
That is the part of the Constitution that FISA repeals .
" It is too much weeerrrkkkk to do the constitutional stuff " is the fascist argument , " and since we are modern , fat , and do n't like weeerrrkkk f**k the Americans , we want to become Amurkans " is what they feel inside .
Some good dailykos bloggers are watching with us .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 10:59 am PT ...
The blue bush dogs in the House could not get the retroactive telecom immunity into the bill days ago before the Senate began the current FISA vote , so it is not logical yet to think just because they are fascists that they will be able to now .
There is only one less vote since Lantos died yesterday .
The House already voted the retroactive immunity provision down before , and there is every reason to have the audacity of hope that they will again .
Keep hope alive !!!
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/12/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
At least Batman is n't afraid to call the rats when he's had more than just occasion to smell them !
If only the other senators so willing to sacrafice liberty for so called security had some real historical memory , and a brain .
I guess cheney telling you to go fuck yourself kinda sticks with you !
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/12/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
Even specter wants to hold the government accountable .
You PEOPLE out there better get busy on your state 's election integrity , or just start selling your children NOW .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/13/2008 @ 5:10 am PT ...
Maybe they should let bushie supreme delegates decide the INCONSISTENCIES in the Snohomish County results ?
Evidently the supreme bushie delegates , who " elected " preznit blush can only decide little stuff like who is preznit , but not big matters .
Supreme bushie delegate ( there are 5 of them ) says courts can't stop torture :
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia rejected the notion that US courts have any control over the actions of American troops at Guantanamo Bay , argued that torture of terror detainees is not banned under the US Constitution and insisted that the high court has no obligation to act as a moral beacon for other nations .
" We do n't pretend to be some Western Mullahs who decide what is right and wrong for the whole world , " Scalia told a BBC interviewer Tuesday , defending narrow interpretation of the reach the US Constitution gives the nine justices on the country 's high court .
Scalia said it was " extraordinary " to suggest that the 8th Amendment , which prohibits the government from engaging in " cruel and unusual punishment , " could be applied to the actions of US interrogators questioning foreign subjects detained overseas .
In his view , Scalia said that while the 8th Amendment would prohibit locking up someone indefinitely as punishment for a crime , for example , the CIA or military would be perfectly justified keeping a suspected insurgent or member of al Qaeda imprisoned forever if the detainee refused to answer questions .
( Scalia wags tongue , emphasis added ) .
What fascism ?
What election machine problems ?
Let the supreme bushie delegates be the deciders of Snohomish problems ?
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/14/2008 @ 5:24 am PT ...
RE post # 33
The House has stopped the FISA bill dead in its tracks for the time being :
The fate of the surveillance law remains unclear .
( Raw Story ) .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/14/2008 @ 6:25 am PT ...
In an apparent bid to rapidly gain share of the online browser market dominated by rival Microsoft , Apple is leveraging its vast iTunes install base to recommend that Windows users also download and install the latest version of its Safari web browser .
To date , Apple has sold over 100 million iPods , the majority of which have gone to Windows users who subsequently must install the company 's iTunes software for synching files between their PCs and the digital media players .
As part of iTunes , Apple also installs its Software Update mechanism on the Windows - based machines to notify users of iTunes updates , in addition to updates to its QuickTime media software required for several iTunes functions .
It now appears that the Cupertino - based company aspires to use the advantage presented by the Software Update mechanism to muscle its way further up the browser charts at the expense Microsoft 's Internet Explorer and other third - party Windows browsers .
" Earlier today , Apple released the Safari 3.1 Web browser for Mac OS and Windows XP / Vista .
A couple hours later , Apple Software Update popped up on my daughter 's Sony VAIO , offering Safari 3.1 for download , " noted Microsoft Watch 's Joe Wilcox .
" I did n't recall seeing an earlier version installed on the laptop .
And I made no mistake : The Apple updater offered installation of new software , not something that had been there before .
Whoa . "
Windows users receiving the notification are greeted with Apple 's marketing pitch alongside the download option , which reads : " Safari for Windows is the fastest and easiest - to - use web browser for the PC .
It displays web pages faster than any other browser and is filled with innovative features — all delivered in an efficient and elegant user interface . "
In a statement released Monday alongside the release of Safari 3.1 , Apple said the browser loads web pages 1.9 times faster than the current version of Internet Explorer and 1.7 times faster than Firefox 2.0 .
But when it comes to install base , Safari is world 's behind .
According to NetApplications , the Apple browser maintains an approximate 5.7 percent share of the market , a distant third to the well established presences of both FireFox and Internet Explorer , which hold a 17.2 percent and 74.8 percent share , respectively .
But like FireFox , Safari is slowly eating away at Internet Explorer 's commanding lead .
Its share has risen nearly a full percentage point over the past twelve months , while the Microsoft browser has shed about 5 percent of its share .
Meanwhile , Apple is also contending on a second front in its charge towards supremacy in the browser market , to which it has witnessed more immediate success .
Its iPhone and iPod touch — both of which ship with a mobile version of Safari — have served to springboard the company to the top of the US mobile browser rankings in a mere eight months , according a recent report from Ireland - based StatCounter .
But Wilcox , who credits Apple with wisely leveraging its resources to infiltrate Microsoft 's territory , questions how well the fledging Safari browser will hold up amongst a PC world proliferated by trojans , viruses and other rogue tactics that threaten to disrupt the stability of Windows systems .
Design me a House ( by David J )
Like most sane people , I absolutely despise the whole Job Interview 2.0 thing .
Now , I 'm usually good at sniffing these types of companies out before wasting their time and mine with an interview , but recently I got caught up in one when looking for a Java position at a mid-sized consulting company .
After twenty minutes or so , I tried to gracefully exit with a " thank you for your time , " but the manager did n't seem to get it .
Ten minutes later , I tried again , but he was just too caught up in his brilliant questions to hear what I was saying .
As the hour mark approached , I started to get more and more frustrated .
" Design me a house , " the interviewer cheerfully demanded .
" Ugh , " I groaned , " what do you want your house to look like ? "
" But are n't you going to ask how many floors it should have , " he glibly responded .
" Fine .
How many floors do you want ? "
" Two ! , " he shouted , " no , three !
I mean , one !
Err ... no , I want six , maybe sev--"
" You get one floor , " I interrupted .
" That 's how David Constructions work .
One floor , that 's it . "
" Ahh , " he smirked , " but that 's not a very flexible design now , is it ? "
" There 's always Ryan Homes .
They actually have , you know , building architects and what not .
I 'm , well , just a Java programmer . "
After a confused silence , the interviewer responded , " soooo , on my house , I 'd like some rooms - can you sketch those on the whiteboard ? "
I grudgingly got up and walked to the whiteboard .
It was the sixth time that day .
" I like rooms , " he perked up , " lots and lots of rooms . "
" What , " I grumbled , " like , six or something ? "
" Maybe , " he nodded , " but what if I want to add more later ?
Or combine them . "
" I do n't know , " I sighed , " hire a dry wall guy ? "
" Ewww , " he flinched , " that sounds expensive !
I 'd like to do it on my own .
Can you design a--"
" Look , " I interrupted , " I do n't mean to be rude , but you have n't asked a single question about programming . "
The interviewer scoffed , " you 've got a lot to learn about developing good software if you do n't see the relavence here . "
Thankfully , the interview ended shortly thereafter .
And while they never did extend me an offer , they did end up going out of business later that year .
Aparently , they had issues delivering software to their clients .
OAKLAND , California — Jurors found Linux programmer Hans Reiser guilty of first degree murder on Monday , concluding he killed his estranged wife in 2006 .
The verdict followed a nearly six - month trial and nearly three days of deliberation
The 44 - year - old developer of the ReiserFS filesystem , sat quietly as a clerk for Alameda County Superior Court Judge Larry Goodman read the verdict .
Reiser faces a mandatory sentence of 25 years to life in prison .
Wearing the same dark coat he ’s worn for months , the defendant was immediately removed from the courtroom by one of four bailiffs watching over the courtroom .
He asked out loud if he could speak with his attorney .
( Update : We ’ve added video of the sentencing to the bottom of this post . )
Reiser and his attorney had argued that Nina Reiser was not dead , and had abandoned her children to sneak away to Russia , where the couple met in 1998 , after he accused her of embezzling from his software company , Namesys .
In a murder case with no body , no crime scene , no reliable eyewitness and virtually no physical evidence , the prosecution began the trial last November with a daunting task ahead .
By the time prosecutor Paul Hora rested his case February 14 , he had called some 60 witnesses , but presented mostly circumstantial evidence demonstrating animus between Reiser and his wife , and suspicious behavior by the defendant following Nina ’s disappearance in September , 2006 .
The turning point in the trial came when Reiser took the stand in his own defense March 3 .
In his 11 days of testimony , Reiser offered lengthy and verbose explanations for every piece of circumstantial evidence .
But Reiser ’s version of events often drew disbelieving head shakes from jurors — and occasional smirks from the trial judge .
In a characteristic exchange under cross-examination , Reiser tried to explain why he ’d removed and discarded the passenger seat from his two - seater Honda CRX after Nina vanished .
His explanation :
He ’d been sleeping in the vehicle , and wanted the extra room .
Asked why he hosed down the inside of the car , leaving an inch of water on the floorboard , he explained that the interior was dirty , and he mistakenly believed the water would drain out .
" I just assumed that every car engineer would put a hole in the car , " he said .
" Do n’t you remember sleeping on a nice , soft , wet carpet ? " Hora went on to ask .
Reiser replied , " I do n’t remember . "
By the time he was done , Reiser had succeeded only in dispelling the cloud of ambiguity surrounding his actions in the case , replacing it with a storm of very specific explanations that each strained credulity .
Jurors had to choose between Reiser ’s strained version of events and the plain conclusion that he was lying .
Nina Reiser , then 31 , was last seen September 3 , 2006 , while dropping off the divorcing couple ’s two young children to stay with Hans for part of Labor Day weekend .
Authorities believe she never left her estranged husband ’s house in the Oakland hills alive .
When Nina ’s best friend reported the woman missing two days later , the police launched an investigation that quickly focused on the husband .
The couple had separated and were in the midst of an acrimonious divorce and custody battle .
Six days after she disappeared , police found Nina ’s minivan in the Oakland hills about two miles from Hans Reiser ’s house , and the same distance from her own apartment .
The car contained Nina ’s purse and $ 144 in rotting groceries that she ’d purchased before dropping off the children .
When police eventually located Hans Reiser ’s Honda CRX a few miles from his home , they found the interior waterlogged , the passenger seat missing , and two books on police murder investigations inside .
They also found a sleeping - bag cover stained with a 6 - inch wide blotch of Nina ’s dried blood .
Reiser later testified that the couple had sex in the sleeping bag on a camping trip prior to their 2004 separation .
The only other physical evidence in the case was a trace of Nina Reiser ’s blood found on a pillar inside Hans ’ house .
Police arrested Reiser on October 10 , 2006 , and he was held without bail .
" I just keep thinking that I ’m stuck in George Orwell ’s 1984 , " he told Wired.com in a jailhouse interview .
" The government has taken away my kids , invaded my house , held me in solitary confinement and caused me all sorts of financial problems . "
Seeking to short - circuit Reiser ’s defense theory , prosecutor Hora called one witness after another to testify that Nina Reiser would n’t abandon her children , a boy now 8 and girl now 6 .
Defense attorney William DuBois cross-examined the witnesses about Nina ’s extramarital affair with Reiser ’s former best friend , Sean Sturgeon .
( The jury was not allowed to hear testimony that Sturgeon has confessed to killing eight people unrelated to the case , in retaliation for child abuse . ) .
A battery of police detectives took the stand to testify that Reiser performed countersurveillance maneuvers following Nina ’s disappearance , and that when he was questioned early in the investigation he had about $ 9,000 in cash and his passport in his fanny pack .
One Oakland police officer , who ’d previously observed Reiser with his wife , testified that he found Hans ’ behavior menacing .
The officer said he once warned Nina Reiser , " You need to get yourself a gun . "
Hora speculated that Reiser might have choked his wife , based on little evidence except that Reiser was a black belt in judo , a martial art where choking is a specialty .
As the prosecutor rested his case , it seemed far from clear that the circumstantial evidence would be enough for the jury of seven men and five women to find Reiser guilty beyond a reasonable doubt .
Throughout his cross examination of the prosecution witnesses , defense attorney William DuBois aptly painted a picture of Reiser as a misunderstood computer nerd , so inattentive to social cues , and so slavishly devoted to logic , that his innocent behavior could be easily misinterpreted as evidence of guilt .
From his seat at the defense table , Reiser seemed to offer supporting evidence for that so - called " geek defense " in the form of his own actions , frequently quarreling with his attorney , and interrupting DuBois ’ cross-examination .
In January , Judge Goodman threatened to bar Reiser from his own trial .
" I ’m not sure whether you ’re doing this on purpose to screw up the process or it ’s just part of your nature , " the judge said outside the presence of the jury .
" I ’m tired of you disrupting the courtroom . "
DuBois made little effort to hide his frustration with his client .
The biggest bone of contention was Reiser ’s insistence on taking the stand himself — a move that may have been Reiser ’s undoing .
On many of Reiser ’s 11 days on the stand , jurors were seen shaking their heads in disbelief , laughing to themselves and wearing skeptical looks .
Reiser could n’t explain why , following his wife ’s disappearance , he suddenly drove through the Sierra Nevada mountain range to Reno , to sample casino buffets .
And he admitted taking evasive maneuvers while walking and driving to determine if he was being followed by the police , something he attributed to his innate distrust of authority , amplified by the books he read when authorities began investigating him .
He bought those books about murder investigations , he said , because he wanted to know how police behaved .
" I was under investigation by the police , " he said .
Reading up on their techniques was only logical , he testified .
" I have a compulsive tendency to say things that I know are true that people do n’t want to be true , " Reiser said at one point .
As testimony wrapped up April 14 , Reiser offered his assessment of the proceedings in front of the jury .
" This whole thing is silly , " he said from the stand .
" What do you mean , the ‘ whole thing ’ ? "
DuBois asked .
" The whole case . "
After the jury left , judge Goodman summed up his opinion of Reiser .
" You are rude , " he said .
" You are arrogant .
There are not enough words in the English language to describe the way you are . "
But the jurors found a word on Monday : guilty .
Watch live video from Wired Live on Justin.tv
I recently got the chance to attend JAOO in Aarhus , Denmark .
Besides learning a great amount about various approaches to solving hard problems that we all face as programmers ( regardless of the stack we spend most of our time developing on ) , I got to meet so many interesting people from all walks of programmer life .
Joe Armstrong is the principle inventor of the Erlang programming Language and coined the term " Concurrency Oriented Programming " .
He has worked for Ericsson where he developed Erlang and was chief architect of the Erlang / OTP system .
In 1998 he left Ericsson to form Bluetail , a company which developed all its products in Erlang .
In 2003 he obtain his PhD from the Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm .
The title of his thesis was " Making reliable distributed systems in the presence of software errors . "
Today he works for Ericsson .
He is author of the book Software for a concurrent world : ( Pragmatic Bookshelf - July 15 , 2007 ) .
He is married with 2 children , 2 cats and 4 motorcycles and would very much like to sell his Royal Enfield Bullet and replace it with a Norton Commando .
Mads Torgersen is a Senior Program Manager in the C# group and has been working on the design of LINQ and other new C# language features .
Before joining Microsoft , Mads worked as an associate professor in computer science at the university of Aarhus , where he was part of the group that developed wildcards for Java generics .
Here , in part one of a two part interview , Joe and Mads discuss the pros and cons of object oriented programming , the new spotlight on concurrency and the future of languages ( it should come as no surprise , for those of you who understand Erlang , that Joe is not a big time proponent of OO ... ) .
Erik Meijer , who is listening into the conversation will appear at random intervals to add his usual brilliant perspective .
This is a fantastic discussion .
Listen in and learn from some of programming 's masters .
This was a real treat for me and one of the highlights of my time at JAOO .
It may not be as fancy as first class accommodations , but Delta 's new " Cozy Suite " seats promise to make economy class seating less of a hellish , crippling nightmare .
The major feature of the design is a staggered layout that increases privacy while simultaneously creating a space for weary travelers to rest their heads .
It also allows passengers to enjoy 31 - inches of leg room ( 2 - inches better than the competition ) and the ability to recline without disturbing the person behind them .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Delta is planning on installing the Cozy Suite in its Boeing 777 and 767 economy class aircraft by 2010 .
Plus , the impending merger between Delta and Northwest could mean that travelers loyal to the latter company might reap the benefits of these new seats as well .
Until then , you will just have to suck it up or spring for a higher class ticket .
[ Thompson Solutions via DVICE via Crunchgear ]
Hillary Clinton is trying to sell superdelegates on her electability .
And , her campaigni is trying anything and everything to prove the point .
Greg Sargent at TPM Election Central was told by top Clinton strategist Harold Ickes that Rev. Wright is a “ key topic ” for the Clinton camp ’s talks with the superdelegates .
Allegedly thirty - five years of experience and that ’s the “ key topic ” ?
That ’s actually pathetic .
I imagine superdelegates are n’t just listening to the Clinton campaign spin .
Chances are , many of them are looking at polls .
And , if anything , the constant flow of independent polling numbers undermines Clinton ’s electability argument .
The longer the race goes on , the worse it is getting for Clinton .
Today ’s Wall Street Journal analysis of polling on the trust issue does n’t help :
In the weeks before the Pennsylvania primary , Sen. Hillary Clinton not only lags Sen. Barack Obama in the race for delegates , she also is losing ground in her effort to convince voters that she is trustworthy .
The debate over her record has left Sen.
Clinton confronting her lowest approval rating since April 2006 , according to a Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll released last week .
According to the survey , 29 % of the approximately 1,000 respondents said they had a very negative opinion of Sen.
Clinton compared with 15 % for Sen. Barack Obama and 12 % for Sen. John McCain , the likely Republican nominee .
A Pew Research survey released last week shows 29 % of Democratic voters describe Sen. Clinton as “ phony , ” compared with 14 % for Sen. Obama .
The Clinton campaign has created this dynamic .
And , Hillary ’s own words continue to undermine her .
As Jed shows again , there is plenty of material :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BrPZYbCdJ4]
WASHINGTON 
The nation ’s top immigration enforcement official ordered the destruction of photographs of an office Halloween party that showed a white agency employee dressed as a black detainee , according to a Congressional investigation whose report was released on Tuesday .
The Democratic staff of the House Committee on Homeland Security said Julie L. Myers , the assistant secretary of homeland security for immigration and customs enforcement , ordered that the photos be removed from a digital camera in a “ coordinated effort to conceal ” her role in awarding one of the top costume prizes to the employee .
The report said Ms. Myers , who was acting assistant secretary at the time , might have moved to cover up the events to avoid derailing her Senate confirmation .
The Congressional committee provided no evidence of an intentional cover-up .
Kelly A. Nantel , an agency spokeswoman , confirmed Tuesday that Ms. Myers had ordered that the photographs be deleted , but said she had done so because she belatedly realized that the costume was inappropriate and that it would be offensive if the photos were included in any agency publications .
Threat to Homeschooling
The cat is finally out of the bag .
A California appellate court , ruling that parents have no constitutional right to homeschool their children , pinned its decision on this ominous quotation from a 47 - year - old case , " A primary purpose of the educational system is to train schoolchildren in good citizenship , patriotism and loyalty to the state and the nation as a means of protecting the public welfare . "
There you have it ; a primary purpose of government schools is to train schoolchildren " in loyalty to the state . "
Somehow that protects " the public welfare " more than allowing parents to homeschool their children , even though homeschooled kids routinely outperform government - schooled kids academically .
In 2006 , homeschooled students had an average ACT composite score of 22.4 .
The national average was 21.1 .
Justice H. Walter Croskey said , " California courts have held that under provisions in the Education Code , parents do not have a constitutional right to homeschool their children , " Justice Croskey said .
If that is the law in California , then Charles Dickens 's Mr. Bumble is right : " the law is a ass , a idiot . "
The California Constitution says , " A general diffusion of knowledge and intelligence being essential to the preservation of the rights and liberties of the people , the Legislature shall encourage by all suitable means the promotion of intellectual , scientific , moral , and agricultural improvement . "
That does n't appear to rule out homeschooling , unless you read it as a grant of absolute power to politicians .
Admittedly , the education code is vague .
It requires children to attend public school or a private school ( where certified teachers are not required ) .
But they can also be taught by state - credentialed tutors .
Homeschooling is not directly addressed .
There 's disagreement over what that means .
The court and the teachers ' union claim homeschooling is illegal unless the teaching parent has state credentials .
Homeschooling parents , many of whom have declared their homes private schools , say what they do is legal .
Up till now that 's been fine with the California Department of Education .
And California reportedly has 166,000 homeschoolers .
Nationwide , the National Center for Education Statistics says that in 2003 ( the latest year for which it has a number ) , almost 1.1 million children were being homeschooled .
The numbers keep increasing , so clearly homeschooling parents think their kids get something better at home than they would from public schools .
The Los Angeles Times is n't sure where the state law stands .
" If no such right [ to homeschool ] exists , as a court ruled , the Legislature should make it an option , " the newspaper 's editorial board said .
The editorial wondered why parents who teach one or two children at home need credentials , while private - school teachers in classes full of kids do n't .
The danger in having the legislature clarify the law is that the legislature is controlled by politicians sympathetic to the teachers ' union , which despises homeschooling .
" [ H ] ome - schoolers fear that any attempt to protect home - schooling would end up outlawing it , " writes Orange County Register columnist Steven Greenhut .
It reminds me of what New York Judge Gideon Tucker said in the Nineteenth Century , " No man 's life , liberty , or property are safe while the legislature is in session . "
This particular case is muddied by suspicions of child abuse , but as the Times said , the court improperly " used a single example of possible child abuse to throw the book at tens of thousands of home schoolers . "
I think the state court is looking at the state Constitution upside down .
The court finds no constitutional right to homeschool one 's children .
But in a free country , people are free to do anything not expressly prohibited by law .
If the Constitution is silent about homeschooling , then the right is reserved to the people .
That 's how the Framers of the U.S. Constitution said things are supposed to work .
Last week , the appellate court surprised everyone by agreeing to rehear the case .
The San Francisco Chronicle reports that the judges " hinted at a re-evaluation of its entire Feb. 28 ruling by inviting written arguments from state and local education officials and teachers ' unions " .
On top of that , state Schools Superintendent Jack O'Connell says he thinks homeschooling is legal and favors choice in education .
That 's reasonable news .
But why is education the business of government ?
It 's taken for granted that the state is every child 's ultimate parent , but there 's no justification for that in a free society .
Parents may not be perfect -- some are pretty bad -- but a cold , faceless bureaucracy is no better .
Let 's hope the court gets it right in June .
Advertisements
Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) spoke on the Senate floor today , urging Republicans to vote in favor of a bill that would provide better benefits to veterans .
The Veterans ’ Benefit Enhancement
Act would , “ expand eligibility for traumatic injury insurance ; extend eligibility for specially adapted housing benefits to veterans with severe burns ; increase benefits for veterans pursuing apprenticeships or on - job training programs ; and restore veteran status to Filipino veterans who served under United States command during World War II . ”
“ No matter what position we take on the war in Iraq , we should all agree that providing for these veterans – and those who wore the uniform before them – is among our most solemn responsibilities .
The Veterans Benefits Enhancement
Act is one important part of fulfilling that responsibility .
Every Senator has a right to oppose legislation that they do not support .
In my time as Majority Leader , I have tried to work with the Republican leader to reach consensus on legislation on which members of the minority raise objections .
I have made repeated efforts to do so on the Veterans Benefits Enhancement Act. , ” Reid said .
Advertisements
Reid described GOP efforts to stall the legislation , “ Unfortunately , the Republican leader has not responded positively to my offer .
As a result , I was forced Thursday night to file cloture on the ‘ motion to proceed ’ simply so that we could finally start debating this legislation … .
“ As the dedicated government - watchers and C - SPAN - watching insomniacs know , this is far from the first time the Republican minority has rejected our good - faith efforts at reaching compromise .
Time and time again , they have chosen obstruction over negotiation . ”
“ It seems at times like this that our Republican friends would rather that we accomplish nothing .
Perhaps they see political advantage in slow - walking , but the American people are left to suffer for their actions …
It is time for our Republican colleagues to choose .
Will they stand in lock - step with an obstinate few , intent on dragging their heels on the care and support our veterans need ?
We need just nine Republicans to join our side .
Surely there are at least nine Republicans ready to stand on the side of our troops , ” Reid said .
Reid concluded , “ Nine months is long enough to wait .
Tomorrow , Republicans have a chance to join Democrats to pass the Veterans Benefits Enhancement Act .
I extend my hand once more to the Republican leader and all of my colleagues in the minority .
If they choose to end their needless obstruction , we can deliver an important victory to the men and women who have served us – and who serve us today – with courage , valor and distinction . ”
It is a disgrace that Republicans have been so willing to send troops into battle , but unwilling to take care of them when they come home .
The goal of the GOP has been to block everything that the Democrats propose this year in order to campaign against them as a do - nothing Congress this fall .
I do n’t think this cynical strategy will prevent the tidal wave of lost seats that is coming in November .
Many voters have finally realized that the problem in Congress is a Republican minority that stands in the way of every Democratic proposal .
This story is a reminder that just as important as the White House is the need to expand the Democratic majority in Congress .
Reid ’s full floor speech :
http://democrats.senate.gov/newsroom/record.cfm?id=296467&
View RFI Feedback
Request for Information : NIH Public Access Policy
March 28 , 2008 to May 31 , 2008
NIH implemented the Public Access Policy on January 11 , 2008 .
As of April 7 , 2008 , all final peer - reviewed manuscripts arising from NIH funds must be submitted to PubMed Central upon acceptance for publication .
As of May 25 , 2008 , NIH applications , proposals , and progress reports must include the PubMed Central reference number when citing a paper that falls under the policy and is authored or co-authored by the investigator , or arose from the investigator 's NIH award .
NIH is seeking information from the public , including all stakeholders , about the NIH Public Access Policy ( NOT - OD - 05-022 ) , as revised by the NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts ( NOT - OD - 08-033 ) to incorporate requirements in PL 110 - 161 and the responses to frequently asked questions available at : / FAQ.htm #content .
NIH will consider all comments and suggestions regarding the Public Access Policy .
Among other issues , the NIH is particularly interested in information about the following :
Do you have recommendations for alternative implementation approaches to those already reflected in the NIH Public Access Policy ?
In light of the change in law that makes NIH 's public access policy mandatory , do you have recommendations for monitoring and ensuring compliance with the NIH Public Access Policy ?
In addition to the information already posted at / communications.htm , what additional information , training or communications related to the NIH Public Access Policy would be helpful to you ?
View Comments Received ( 178 )
View Comments Received Via Email ( 17 )
Resources
Open Meeting on Public Access ( March 20 , 2008 )
Lenders foreclosed on about 7,700 homes in Denver last year ; officials expect 11,000 this year , mirroring a national increase .
Among the neighborhoods hardest hit was this corner of the Green Valley Ranch subdivision .
The map shows foreclosures since late 2006 .
Click a property for details .
Sources : Denver Public Trustee , DenverGIS ; Graphic by Brad Heath and Ron Coddington , USA TODAY
Login to vote this up !
Dear Microsoft and Xbox Live , The joy that I have been experiencing with your system playing games like Lost Odyssey and Mass Effect have been rather substantial .
This does not however excuse you from providing me with an online experience ( that I must pay for ) which has seen its fair share of problems in the last couple of months .
I thought that the concept was pretty straightforward .
I give you money , you give me uninterrupted service and speedy connections with people who are a joy to play against / with .
I do enjoy the fact that you have a great file service for downloading demos and game videos , but your constant lack of being able to see upcoming service spikes has led me to think that you might not know what you are doing when it comes to online connectivity .
This leads me to my conundrum , I enjoy the 1~2 matches that I play against online opponents every month but I do n't see why I must pay for a feature that is included with a game .
Should not the creators of said game and online capabilities be responsible for paying for the server time that might be used by its customers ?
Should n't all games have a memorable single player experience that I wo n't need multiplayer like Halo : Combat Evolved ?
Did I not pay you $ 60 for a new game that in all actuality should n't cost that much considering that I pay $ 8 a month for online connectivity ?
Microsoft , I have to say that after buying my PS3 and enjoying the free multiplayer for my games , not to mention the promise of Home soon , has led me to this .
As of this month , you will no longer be allowed to take money from me for a service that should be provided for free .
I will no longer buy multiplayer specific games for the Xbox 360 , but will instead pick up said game on the PS3 .
This latest fiasco with the CoD4 maps has left a sour taste in my mouth .
The money I save from not paying for your service will go into a savings that will pay for real social activities , not the one that you promised me with Xbox Live .
Regretfully cancelling my Live Gold membership , Excremento
Charles Darwin was born 199 years ago Tuesday , but the debate he ignited about the origins of species rages on .
Florida 's department of education will vote next week on a new science curriculum that could be in jeopardy , because some conservative counties oppose it .
Nine of Florida 's 64 counties have passed resolutions over the last two months condemning the new curriculum that explicitly calls for teaching evolution .
The resolutions , passed in heavily Christian counties in the state 's northern reaches , demand that evolution be " balanced " with alternative theories , mainly creationist .
" Students need an education that prepares them to live in a forward - thinking way , not backwards , " said Barbara Forrest , philosophy professor at Southeastern Louisiana University and a prominent proponent of teaching evolution .
" They 're losing a 21st - century understanding of the world . "
Watchdogs say the stakes are high in the pending vote .
If Florida backpedals from evolution , Texas may follow suit .
Texas is scheduled to update its own science standards this year .
In November , an education official was fired for mentioning a pro-evolution lecture .
Along with California , Florida and Texas are the largest purchasers of textbooks in the nation .
" Texas buys about 10 percent of all K - 12 textbooks , and Florida buys another 8 percent , " said Lawrence Lerner , a science - curriculum expert at the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , an education watchdog .
" If they want creationism in their textbooks , Wyoming may not have a choice . "
Florida 's current science standards , which tell teachers what their students must learn , do n't mention evolution by name .
In 2005 , a prominent education think tank gave Florida a failing grade in science teaching , prompting education officials to overhaul the curriculum .
The new standards , drafted last October , explicitly called evolution " the fundamental concept underlying all biology . "
But nine counties – Baker , Clay , Hamilton , Holmes , Jackson , Madison , St. Johns , Taylor and Washington – have passed resolutions officially calling for the teaching of evolution to be balanced with alternative explanations of life 's origins , almost certainly religious .
The resolutions have been patterned after the one from St. Johns County , which calls for " teaching the scientific strengths and weaknesses of the theory rather than teaching evolution as dogmatic fact . "
Critics say the resolutions ' language is thinly veiled creationism – either in the strictly biblical sense , or the more - modern take of " intelligent design , " which purports to use scientific methodology to prove divine intervention .
" We 're concerned that we not impose state standards that prevent an open dialogue concerning other theories , " said David Buckles , superintendent of schools in Putnam County , which is also considering opposing the new curriculum .
" Did life begin in ice ?
Or was it the Genesis version ?
Or intelligent design ?
We want the pros and cons of all of it . "
Intelligent design has been legally classified as religion , and therefore unsuitable for school , during the 2005 Kitzmiller v. Dover case .
Despite the court ruling , many worry that school board criticisms will sway the Florida Board of Education .
Two board members , Donna Callaway and Linda Taylor , have openly spoken against evolution .
Neither would comment for this article , and board chairman Willard Fair declined to discuss the pending decision .
" If it was just one or two counties , you could blow it off , " said Brandon Haught , communications director of Florida Citizens for Science , an education activist group .
" But two board members already came out against evolution , and the weight of this could build and influence someone on the fence . "
" They lose the understanding of the most powerful biological theory ever constructed , " said Forrest , a prominent critic of intelligent design and a witness in Kitzmiller .
Scientists are nearly unanimous in saying that evolution deserves an exclusive presence in science classrooms .
" There 's a whole idea that there is a controversy , but in the scientific community there 's no controversy , " said Jay Labov , co-author of a recent National Academy of Sciences report on evolution .
" The evidence is overwhelming .
It 's the highest level of evidence that 's able to explain and predict numerous physical observations .
It 's been born out in biochemistry and paleontology .
In addition to biology , the Earth and physical sciences support it . "
Scientists Push Presidential Candidates for Positions on Science
Former Evangelical Minister Has a New Message : Jesus Hearts Darwin
Flying Spaghetti Monster Inspires Wonky Religious Debate
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A vicar is to apply for a drinks licence so he can sell wine and beer at his small village church .
The Reverend Geraint ap Iorwerth could be made licensee of St Peter ad Vincula Church in Pennal , near Machynlleth , close to the Powys - Gwynedd border .
He joked that there were plans to serve more than just spirits , though , with lager and wine on the menu too .
Mr ap Iorwerth said he might also open a bar with proper pub - style pumps in a new church cafe in the future .
But at the moment the licence is needed to sell and serve drinks at parish functions such as concerts , weddings or christenings .
The vicar will go to magistrates ' court next month to apply for the licence .
Mr ap Iorwerth said : " It is quite common for larger churches and cathedrals to apply for a licence , and we want to make sure we are within the law .
I would love to think that at certain times of the year people could come down in the evening to have a drink
The Reverend Geraint ap Iorwerth " We have plans to serve lager and red and white wine - that is what the average punter wants . "
He added : " We also want to serve drinks at a cafe at the rear of the church .
" We have also received requests from people planning weddings who would like drinks and canapés after their service and before the reception .
" It would be nice to serve drinks at concerts , Christmas and New Year 's Eve too .
" A small bar is a possibility .
I would love to think that at certain times of the year people could come down in the evening to have a drink . "
' Sharing bread '
Earlier this month , the Archbishop of Wales Dr Barry Morgan told a conference in Llandudno that churches should " think creatively " about facilities .
The Church in Wales said St Peter ad Vincula Church had a gallery cafe so the licence would enable it to serve alcohol to customers .
" The Church in Wales welcomes initiatives such as this which encourage people to come to churches and to see them as places where they can relax , socialise and share food and drink , " said a spokeswoman .
" Indeed , sharing bread and wine is an essential part of the Christian ministry .
" We see alcohol , taken in moderation and used responsibly , as something to enjoy with others . "
But Carol Bodza of Glansychan stores and off - licence and Susan Crossley of the Riverside Hotel in Pennal , oppose Mr ap Iorwerth 's plans .
Mrs Bodza said : " We have no objection to the cafe , but I do n't see why he ( Mr ap Iorwerth ) needs to apply for a licence to sell alcohol .
" Both our off - licence and the hotel is less than 100 yards away from the church and we feel this could affect our business . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
One of two machines was down at a busy Delaware County polling site .
About 50 people already had voted by 9:15 a.m. at the Temple Israel on Spruce and Bywood Avenue in Upper Darby , which is heavily populated by immigrant and first time voters .
Many of those freshly - minted voters had difficulties using the one machine that still functioned .
" Hell of a day for one of the machines to be down , " said one poll worker .
Tuesday was a heavy day of stochastics for me .
Greg Wallraff of IBM got me off to a good start with his interesting simplified Monte Carlo - like stochastic resist model .
As expected for chemically amplified resists , higher PAG loading had a big effect on reducing stochastic variability , and higher amounts of photodecomposable quencher had a smaller but noticeable impact .
Also as I expected , acid amplifiers only make things worse stochastically .
All of his simulations used a 15 n mx15 n mx15 nm voxel , but I hope he will look into the impact of voxel size on his simulation results .
I think that understanding the role of the averaging volume ( voxel size essentially ) is one of the biggest gaps in our knowledge of stochastic behavior .
Andy Neureuther gave a fantastic talk on the role of dissolution path in determining missing contact defectivity .
His algebraic model looked very insightful , and dissolution path plays an underappreciated role in how photon shot noise manifests itself in stochastic defectivity of contacts .
Dario Goldfarb of IBM and Patrick Theofanis of Intel each showed wonderfully rigorous experimental and simulation studies ( respectively ) of EUV resist exposure mechanisms .
Peter de Bisschop of imec once again provided the incentive ( and the data ) for the industry to look more closely at EUV defectivity versus dose , this time by adding pitch variation and challenging us to model the results .
Both Synopsis and Mentor used that same dataset to develop models for stochastic defectivity ( a work still in progress ) .
I gave my paper for the week ( comparing the noise sensitivity of different CD - SEM edge detection algorithms ) , as did two of my coauthors on separate studies .
Jen Church of IBM compared LER with defectivity for lines and spaces and LCDU with defectivity for contacts .
While she showed that unbiased LER and low - noise LCDU were required , these metrics alone were not enough to predict defectivity or yield .
Charlotte Cutler of DuPont gave the third in a series of papers she has presented at the Patterning Materials conference on using power spectral density ( PSD ) analysis for resist design .
In my completely biased perspective , both of these papers were highlights of the day .
At the metrology conference I enjoyed a talk by the National Metrology Institute of Japan on using AFM as a roughness reference metrology , even though I disagree with some of their conclusions .
Comparing SEM and AFM measurement of the same sample ( an etched silicon line ) , the two measured edges matched extremely well except at the high frequencies .
The authors attributed these differences to SEM noise , but failed to recognize the role of instrument resolution .
With an uncharacterized tip size of about 7nm , their AFM is a much lower resolution instruments ( in terms of high - frequency roughness measurement ) and so was unable to see the high frequency variations that are visible in a SEM ( admittedly contaminated by SEM noise ) .
I hope the authors will continue their work be comparing AFM to unbiased SEM measurements , and that they will work to deconvolve the tip shape from the AFM measurements ( hopefully using different tips with different shapes ) .
The final talk I heard was a fantastic one , by Luc Van Kessel , a student at the Technical University of Delft .
He studied a subject I have long been fascinated with : how does the 2D surface roughness of the sidewall of a feature translate into the 1D edge roughness observed in a top - down CD - SEM ?
For his 300V SEM simulations , the observed top - down edge an isolated line was essentially the extreme X - Y points of the 3D feature .
Things were a bit more complicated for a small space because of the aspect ratio making the bottom of the space less visible in the SEM .
Also , his 500V simulations were only preliminary and could be somewhat different due to the greater penetration distance of those higher - energy electrons .
Great work , Luc !
With Harry Levinson , I ended the day by hosting an all - conference panel called “ A toast to lithography ’s past : what we learned from technologies not used in HVM ” .
Hans Loschner gave us the history of the life ( and death ) of ion-beam projection lithography , Reiner Garreis of Zeiss discussed 157 - nm lithography , Alexander Liddle recalled his time working on Scalpel , and I filled in for Tobey Aubrey ( who could n’t make it ) to talk about our lessons learned from proximity x-ray lithography .
While I enjoyed all of the discussion , I did n’t enjoy the unfortunate logistics .
We made the big mistake of scheduling our panel immediately after the EUV retrospective panel .
Not only was the EUV panel late to finish ( as expected for EUV ) , but the time to transition between panels was far too short .
The topics of the two panels were very similar , but nobody would want to sit through four hours of panel discussions at one time .
Lessons learned not only about lithography , but about panel discussions as well .
The Bush administration has 16 days to decide whether polar bears are now an endangered species because of climate change , a California judge ruled today .
The US court handed a victory to three environmental groups that sued to protect polar bears threatened by melting sea ice , rejecting a plea by the government to postpone its decision until June 30 .
An agency of the US interior department was supposed to have ruled by January 9 on whether to designate the polar bear an endangered species .
But the agency failed to act , angering green activists who attributed the delay to the Bush administration 's sale of oil and gas drilling leases near polar bear habitats in Alaska .
The California judge handling the case , Claudia Wilken , ruled that the administration presented " no specific facts that would justify the existing delay , much less further delay " .
Rising global temperatures have imperilled the bears by preventing them from hunting beneath the arctic sea ice .
Some of the creatures have drowned without sufficient ice for refuge , while others have grown too weak to reproduce .
" These magnificent creatures are in peril , and this administration has no right to walk away from protecting them , " Barbara Boxer , Democratic chairwoman of the Senate environment committee , said in a statement on the court decision .
The administration can still decline to list the polar bear as endangered by the May 16 deadline .
California officials were forced to sue the Bush administration last year to secure a decision on its proposed carbon emissions caps , but the decision ultimately came down against the state .
If the interior department refuses to afford protections to the polar bear , environmental groups have said they would sue and campaign to force an endangered species listing .
The World Wildlife Fund , an animal conservation group , has filmed a public service advert with a TV actor best known for his role on ER , Noah Wyle drawing attention to the polar bears ' cause .
By NICK MCDERMOTT
Last updated at 21:06 10 February 2008
Born completely blind and shunned by his owners , Chance had a tough start to life .
But thanks to the generosity of two Daily Mail readers , the ten - week - old alsatian puppy has finally been given the loving home he deserves .
And he 's already made a best friend - a ten - year - old blind cat called Louis .
Scroll down for more ...
Glenn Crossman and his wife Sheridan adopted Chance after reading about his plight in the Mail last month .
The couple were already providing a home to a rescue dog - a four and half year old alsatian called Bella - and Louis .
They had their home and garden made secure after a previous pet , a labrador named Gizmo , became blind .
Their experience with blind animals has helped Chance settle in without a hitch at their home in Norfolk .
Mr Crossman , 54 , said :
" He 's truly a lovely puppy and a bundle of fun .
It only took him an hour to figure out the layout of the house .
He 's a very bright boy .
" The big advantage with being born blind like Chance is that he does n't have to adapt to his condition - as he does n't know any better .
He just gets to know his way around and gets on with it . "
The couple adopted Chance from Wood Green Animal Shelter in Godmanchester , Cambridgeshire , where he was taken after birth .
Mr Crossman , a mortgage broker , said looking after a blind pet has its own particular challenges .
" You have to be his eyes and ears , using voice commands to encourage and guide him .
" You just have to be a bit more aware of what they are up to and warn them if they are about to bound into a wall or door , or if there 's a pothole out on a walk .
" But people should rescue disabled animals , as they are just as rewarding . "
Veja também minhas palestras no Speaker Deck e me acompanhe no twitter @smergulhao .
Invente menos problemas !
Postado em 12/01/2008
O açucar União está com uma campanha publicitária chamada Viva Momentos de União , que possui mensagens que fazem alusão a situações de prazer e bem-estar , realçando a importancia da qualidade de vida e tudo mais .
Não se preocupem , não vou escrever sobre açucar !
No projeto Lucidus os nossos sachês de açucar pro café são da União e cada um vem com uma mensagem , entre elas essa que eu achei brilhante :
Invente menos problemas .
E aí isso me remete , como desenvolvedor , ao nosso velho problema de querer sempre complicar as coisas .
Há um bom tempo que estudo XP , mas foi somente nos últimos meses que tive a oportunidade de ver na prática como a coisa funciona .
Desde que entrei para o projeto Lucidus meus conceitos sobre como desenvolver software mudaram muito , do meu ponto de vista para melhor , claro .
XP possui como um de seus valores a simplicidade .
A idéia é implementar as coisas da forma mais simples possível , sem preocupar - se com o amanhã ou com tentar prever quais funcionalidades , métodos ou funções serão necessárias no futuro .
É preocupar - se apenas em resolver o problema de agora de forma simples .
Isso puxa( ou o inverso ) uma das práticas do XP , o design incremental .
Quando estudei engenharia de software tradicional na universidade “ aprendi ” que o design deveria ser sempre feito antes da implementação .
Então deveria - se planejar ( o sistema , as classes , os patterns , a base de dados , os relacionamentos , etc ) numa tentativa de prever o rumo que o projeto iria levar .
Felizmente aprendi cedo de que isso na teoria é muito bonito , mas na prática não funciona .
Quer queiram ou não , os projetos de software sempre sofrem mudanças na hora da implementação .
Mudanças essas que podem ser drásticas a ponto de toda documentação / projeto que foi escrito não servir mais para nada , por não refletir a realidade do projeto .
Quando em XP dizemos que trabalhamos com design incremental do software , não estamos dizendo que não usamos patterns …
Isso apenas quer dizer que decidimos que patterns utilizar na hora em que de fato precisarmos dele .
O uso contínuo da refatoração nos leva aos patterns .
Há alguns anos atrás eu trabalhava( leia - se ganhava dinheiro ) apenas com Java e , por coincidência ou não , muitas das pessoas com que trabalhei e empresas por onde passei possuiam essa mesma cabeça da engenharia de software tradicional e passavam meses projetando e montando o ambiente de trabalho antes de que qualquer linha de código útil fosse escrita .
Felizmente , mais uma vez , há 2 anos eu descobri o Ruby e o Rails .
Descobri que as pessoas que trabalham com Ruby e Rails seguem fielmente a linha da simplicidade , dos princípios DRY e KISS .
Descobri que Rails se encaixa como uma luva no XP .
Então a frase do dia é:
As of today , we 're taking bets to see how long it will take before people realize that " GPS " does not stand for " Auto Pilot . "
The latest " But the GPS told me to ... " story is brought to you by a charter bus driver in Seattle .
Piloting a coach through the Washington Arboretum -- as the GPS instructed him -- the driver ignored , or did n't see , or did n't believe ( take your pick ) the flashing lights and sign warning him that his 11 - foot - high bus was too tall for the looming 9 - foot concrete overpass .
You can see how the story ends .
The overpass ended up with some superficial damage , the coach got a removable top , and the girls softball team inside received some minor injuries .
Luckily , the 60 - inch sewage pipe inside the overpass was n't ruptured .
The driver was ticketed for $ 154 .
And in response to the charter company executive who remarked , " We just thought it would be a safe route because , why else would they have a selection for a bus ? " , a Garmin spokesman responded " Stoplights are n't in our databases , either , but you 're still expected to stop for stoplights . " [ Source : Seattle Pi
The entry below is classified as a LEGACY post , meaning that it was written ( well ) before the current version of Avalonstar was released .
Although these posts have survived the numerous moves over years , there is no guarantee that they 've survived the trip unscathed ( especially the links ) .
For those of you who have n't heard or have been living under the proverbial rock , Revyver released its first " application " about three weeks ago .
And yes , only now am I getting around to writing about Django Plugables .
I put application in quotes mainly because it's more of a utility than a social network application .
So here it is , " The story of Django Plugables " or " How I built something in 5 days . "
Day 1 : Find what 's pissing me off
This story starts with a problem .
Every story has to start out with a problem , right ?
" Boy gets dumped by girl , fights to get her back , " or " Evil emperor using midgets to enslave humankind , only one dwarf can save them . "
This story can be summed up with this :
Guy gets frustrated trying to keep his applications up to date by visiting code hosting site , wants to build something that aggregates everything .
Not as exciting , but you get the picture .
So our lovely free code hosting companion , Google Code , is the source of our problem .
Note , before I go on , I have nothing against Google Code .
I think it 's an awesome idea and super easy to get going .
However , like most free services , it does n't do quite as much as one would like it to nor does it adapt to any specific need .
Now before I even got the idea to try and build an application out of it , I thought of my options :
Dedicate a browser window to Google Code .
All the pluggable applications I used would technically be in one place .
A little annoying , not very reliable though .
Set up a cron script to automatically svn up all the downloaded apps .
The fact that I use Piston to manage my externals does n't help the case , nor does the fact that it'd also be slightly annoying to maintain .
RSS feeds !
Travel over to Google Code though and you 'll find they do n't supply RSS feeds for changesets .
I later asked about this as being the basis for Django Plugables , where I was politely told that such features were n't sought after .
I was out of ideas after those three , so TextMate was immediately opened and I started to code .
Day 2 : Kicking feature creep 's ass
After conquering some of the basics , I asked myself ,
So what do I want this thing to do ?
I did n't want it to do much .
My mission was to provide a place where people could see what applications were updated and when .
I did n't necessarily want it to be an interactive application , just a utility .
Things like comments , tagging and voting were all features that I felt did n't need to be there to start out .
The quirky features that are currently there stemmed out of ideas I got while coding .
Simple things , like the repository list , which came to be because I disliked going to Google Code to copy and paste all of the repository URLs .
However , after inputting a lot of the initial data , I found that Google Code had a simple naming scheme .
http://project-name.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
http://code.google.com/p/project-name/
This actually helped when inputting the first batch of projects , but it was still a process I wanted to make a lot easier .
Features and coding progressed in tandem and the first hurdle I had to jump over was the problem of actually importing the changesets from every single repository .
Luckily , the answer was right in front of my face in the form of Jacob Kaplan - Moss ' [ jellyroll ] [ 8 ] application which imported all of Jacob 's commits for Django , among other things like his Flickr photos , last .
fm playlists and even his Google searches .
Obviously , the relatively hidden Subversion features of jellyroll were just what I needed to base Django Plugables on , not to mention that it was the only implementation of its type out there .
While jellyroll focused on a single person and their commits , I changed it to just grab anything and everything .
Highlight , delete , and move on .
The rest of the night was spent actually inputting all of the data on the different projects and the authors related to those projects .
Remember that Google Code does n't have any sort of useful APIs to do this .
It took me about 4 hours ; mostly due to the fact that I had 50 pages of results to go through many of which ended up being repeats and projects that merely stated the name , django .
Day 3 : Some green and a logo with one " G "
So the code was on my development PC and working , the initial data imported ; it was time to design !
From the day I came up with the name , I knew the logo was going to have something to do with either a plug or an outlet .
So , I decided to search for the outlet first .
I eventually came upon a few on iStockPhoto and created this from it .
Did n't need to be any more complicated than that .
When it came to doing the logotype , it took me a little longer to decide on what I wanted to do .
I really did n't want to take the normal route which consisted of having the " django " part of the name set in the official Django font .
So I tried the usual suspects , Helvetica , Trade Gothic and Interstate , but did n't think the look felt right .
Perusing through my list of fonts a second time yielded Dispose from TypeTrust , a font that I had bought for a client project last year .
I liked it immediately , but something bothered Jen about it .
Jen said that it would look better if the 2nd " G " in " pluggables " was removed .
I had already bought djangopluggables.com , but welcomed the thought and took out the " G " .
I liked it as well and subsequently bought the misspelled djangoplugables.com .
The plug between the two words was a corny idea that turned out to work really well .
Gave the logotype a little more umph . :)
Unlike the sheer length of time it took me to lay out Distortion , this layout seemed to come together by itself with the help of Nathan Smith 's 960.gs and the 16 - unit grid template inside it .
Since this was going to be a relatively simple layout , I was happy stopping with a finished homepage design before moving back to TextMate to code the templates .
Day 4 : Let 960.gs make my job easy
After coding Distortion which was to say the least , complex , it was a nice balance to again , design while coding .
Using 960.gs in the template stage however was foreign to me .
I loved using Nathan 's PSDs for designing , but it took me an hour or so of experimenting with the different container , grid , prefix and suffix classes before actually jumping into the thick of things .
I do have to say though that designing through class names is both an odd and an interesting feeling at the same time .
Special thanks to Mr. Rubin for helping me tame the outlet at the bottom of the page .
Day 5 : Twitter launch
People that know me and my tendencies know that I 'm not the person who understands the meaning of the word " wait . "
So after I set up the server , with a pseudo - clone of the configuration that runs this site ( and the addition of a few cron scripts for great justice ) I decided to Twitter - launch it .
That in addition to the ensuing " Sidebar Slam " was all the site needed to get itself off the ground and into the crosshairs of the Django community .
The launch however did n't come without an ensuing mini-firestorm from an active group of people in the community .
I 'm going to refrain from going into detail about this here , mainly because it'd be kicking an already dead and decomposed horse .
If you would like to read a synopsis of what happened after the launch , Eric Florenzano wrote his thoughts on it .
I have since teamed up with the group to further the development of Django Plugables and I 've already learned a hell of a lot from them .
That and it's always interesting to see developers talk about design . :)
Time to plan for tomorrow
To me , Django Plugables as I launched it , is feature complete .
There was nothing that I had to put off or cut in order to get it out the door , but there are definitely things I 'll be working to support in the near future .
Things like support for Git and other version control system repositories , graphs of developer activity and the aforementioned comments and voting capabilities .
The project is also technically an open - source project and by open - source I mean strictly the code -- templates and design not included .
Swing by the GitHub repository if you 'd like to take a look .
If you have any suggestions , problems or comments about the project , definitely comment or head over to Revyver 's shiny new GetSatisfaction page !
Getting Django Plugables out was a great first step in Revyver 's new direction a direction that I really hope to touch on soon enough .
It was also a way to test my own skills and get involved in the community as a whole .
Avoid argument , expense or delay after your death with our Wills Made Easy service .
There 's no forms for you to complete as our friendly staff will do all the hard work for you .
With convenient appointments up to 10 pm throughout the UK - and for expats anywhere in the world !
Join over 100,000 satisfied customers since 1990 who ’ve made their Wills with us .
In 1971 an environmental and antiwar ethic was taking root in Canada , and I chose to participate .
As I completed a Ph.D. in ecology , I combined my science background with the strong media skills of my colleagues .
In keeping with our pacifist views , we started Greenpeace .
But I later learned that the environmental movement is not always guided by science .
As we celebrate Earth Day today , this is a good lesson to keep in mind .
At ...
Once Launchy has been started , it hides in the background .
You bring it forward by holding the alt key and tapping the space key .
You then type in a few keys of the program you are searching for and hit enter once it has been found .
You can also make Launchy dissappear again by hitting escape or alt + space .
The official documentation pdf is available here .
Launchy is developed to run on XP , however you can try downloading the gdiplus.dll and unzipping it into your Launchy directory to get it to run with Win2000 .
For further support , please see the forums on Launchy 's Source Forge webpage .
Bob Dylan performs at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans April 28 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
SAO PAULO ( Reuters ) -
The normally taciturn Bob Dylan was moved to words on Thursday night when a young Brazilian woman rushed on stage and hugged him during a concert in Sao Paulo .
The American singer - songwriter is known for saying very little to his audience between songs and if he does it ’s usually an incomprehensible mumble .
During the encore of his second show in Sao Paulo , a long - haired woman ran on to the stage and embraced the star .
A startled - looking Dylan hung on to his black Cordoba hat before a bouncer carried her away .
At the end of the song , he spoke to his fans for the first time in a two - hour show .
“ Thank you , friends .
And I ’d like to thank that young lady for coming up and joining us on stage . ”
Then he started chuckling to himself and said : “ Where did she go ?
I want to give her my hat .
Do n’t let her get away . ”
It was not known if the two did eventually get to meet formally .
Dylan is currently on tour of Latin America with dates in Mexico , Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay and Chile .
The war on terrorism is heading south .
The key reason is that the West 's strategy for this war is fundamentally flawed .
It presumes that suicide terrorism is mainly a product of an evil ideology called " Islamic fundamentalism " and that this ideology would produce campaigns of suicide terrorism wherever it exists and regardless of our military policies .
This presumption is wrong , and is leading towards foreign policies that are making our situation worse .
I have studied every suicide terrorist attack around the world from 1980 to early 2004 .
More than half of all suicide attacks were carried out by secular groups and individuals .
In fact , the world 's leader in suicide terrorism was the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka , a Marxist group that is completely secular and that recruits from Hindus .
More than a third of all suicide attacks by Muslims were also carried out by secular groups , such as the Kurdish PKK in Turkey and the Communist Party in Lebanon .
What more than 95 per cent of all suicide terrorist attacks around the world have in common is not religion , but a specific political goal to compel modern democracies to withdraw military forces from the territory that the terrorists view as their homeland or prize greatly .
From Lebanon to Sri Lanka to Chechnya to Kashmir to the West Bank , the central objective of every suicide terrorist campaign since 1980 has been to compel a democratic state with military forces on territory that the terrorists prize to take those forces out .
Although terrorist leaders may harbour other goals , history shows that the presence of foreign combat forces is the principal recruiting tool used by terrorist leaders to mobilise suicide terrorists to kill us .
In the early 1990s , the US abandoned its traditional policy in the Persian Gulf and shifted to the sustained presence of tens of thousands of combat forces , thousands of tanks , and hundreds of fighters on the Arabian Peninsula .
Since then , Osama bin Laden has given numerous speeches to mobilise terrorists against the US .
Many are entitled " The American occupation of the Arabian Peninsula " , and typically begin with pages of detailed description of American and Western combat operations on this land .
From 1995 to 2004 , there were a total of 71 al - Qaeda suicide terrorists - that is , 71 individuals who actually killed themselves to carry out al - Qaeda 's attacks .
More than two - thirds were nationals from Sunni Muslim countries where the US has stationed combat troops since 1990 : Saudi Arabia , other states on the Arabian Peninsula , Turkey , and Afghanistan .
Even the one - third of al - Qaeda suicide attackers that are more transnational in nature are powerfully motivated by anger over Western combat operations on the Arabian Peninsula .
Thus , the al - Qaeda group that claimed responsibility for the London attacks said they were to punish Britain for British military operations in Iraq .
The British Home Office conducted a detailed survey of the attitudes of the 1.6 million Muslims living in Britain in April 2004 , and found that , while 85 per cent condemned suicide terrorism , 13 per cent believed that more suicide attacks against the US and the West were justified .
The survey went further to identify the specific reason : Iraq .
In other words , the principal factor driving support for suicide terrorism among British Muslims was not an evil ideology , but deep anger over British military policies on the Arabian Peninsula .
As we now know , the Bali bombings in October 2002 were an al - Qaeda suicide operation .
Months before the Bali attack , a mid-level al - Qaeda leader met Indonesian terrorist groups to ask them to recruit local Indonesians for suicide attacks to punish Australia for sending combat troops to Afghanistan and to deter Australian forces from going to Iraq .
The al - Qaeda operative selected the nightclubs for attack and paid $ US20,000 ( $ A26,100 ) for the mission , while Indonesians angry at Australia 's military operations in East Timor carried it out .
Since the London bombings , many are asking how local , middle - class , educated British Muslims could kill themselves to kill others .
Alas , the answer is both simple and disturbing : deep anger at Western combat forces on the Arabian Peninsula .
As long as the war on terrorism ignores the actual strategic logic of suicide terrorism , it will be impossible to win and our actions may well end up helping terrorist leaders recruit many more suicide terrorists to kill us .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Fifty percent of national Democratic voters now favor Barack Obama for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , compared with 42 % backing Hillary Clinton .
This is according to Gallup Poll Daily tracking conducted Feb. 28 through March 1 .
It marks the fifth consecutive day in Gallup Poll Daily reporting that Obama has held a significant lead in national Democratic preferences .
John McCain has enjoyed solid frontrunner status in the Republican field for well over a month now .
He currently leads Mike Huckabee by more than 40 percentage points , 63 % to 22 % . -- Lydia Saad
Methodology : Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The results reported here are based on combined data from Feb.
28 - March 1 , 2008 , including interviews with 968 Republican and Republican - leaning voters , and 1,242 Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters .
For results based on these samples , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Diebold Accuvote Voting System Now on Sale at eBay ! "
( 28 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Kmuzu said on 4/29/2008 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
Wow - very good work .
I went to eBay and it is still up .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/29/2008 @ 5:30 pm PT ...
Hey Brad , I really appreciate the hair on fire .
This country is soooooooooooo asleep !
My daughter and I think we 'll be going to the National Conferance on Media Reform , too bad your not speaking .
Your the expert on voting integrity that could lead to many good reforms .
On your subject ... move on and pfaw ... except for Palast , not too much in their department .
Still , I want my daughter to see people organizing reform .
Amy , Moyers , and Naomi Klein should be informative and inspiring .
Seriously other than voting integrity , this is the flag to rally around , media reform !
There will even be members of the FCC there , who did n't vote for easing consolidation rules !!!
http://www.freepress.net/conference
Ya know there are separate workshops spaces available , maybe you and Bev .
You two are tops !
Please consider , for the disenfranchised wll of THE PEOPLE .
http://www.blackboxvoting.org/?q=node/view/78
Because this ain't no dress rehearsal .
They can't win fair and square , so please show people how they cheat !
( with the supreemies help now )
Oh yeah , screw you silver platter word game scalia the torturer , YOU SHOULD BE IMPEACHED !!!
That 's not the sterling record I 'm looking for .
Your 60 minutes says it all !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/29/2008 @ 5:36 pm PT ...
Brad sedd :
The Perfect Gift for the Careful , Discriminating Hacker ...
Now that says it all and says it well , about the commercialization of electiondom .
It is soooo Ferengi is n't it :
They and their culture are characterized by a mercantile obsession with profit and trade and their constant efforts to swindle people into bad deals .
( Wiki ) .
Stalin Diebold was the first Ferengi evoting machine company ... Ferengi DRE the next generation ... and Brad , ferengi Tony Krvaric , GOP mover and shaker for the corrupt electiondom gang down in San Diego county , is just what you portrayed that gang as :
Online research reveals that Krvaric is the co-founder of Fairlight , a band of software crackers which later evolved into an international video and software piracy group that law enforcement authorities say is among the world ’s largest such crime rings .
After co-founding Fairlight in Sweden , Krvaric established U.S. operations for the organization , including an arm headquartered in Southern California — a major center for the computer and video game industry .
( Raw Story , emphasis added ) .
Can you believe it , a guru of all things hacking heading up the San Diego GOP election crime gang .
San Diego home of the BIG BROTHER evoting machine hacker network .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/29/2008 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
Also , do n't forget that Floridiot and I have made the link , via circumstantial evidence , between the lone evoting machine inspector S.S. ( a.k.a. Shawn Southworth ) , godbrotheruncle to the Maytag repairman ... and soul sole inspector of ehackus epluribus eunum evoting machines made in Bullshitistan ( the eastern province of Amurka ) !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 4/29/2008 @ 7:02 pm PT ...
Here we go again : NC robo-calls target black households with bogus voting registration information : Stop messing with my primary !
Something stinks to high heaven and the state attorney general should look into this .
Calls are going out to black households that are incredibly similar to calls received in Ohio and Virginia passing along misinformation from a " a stentorian voice reminiscent of James Earl Jones " calling himself " Lamont Williams . "
Chris Kromm of the Institute for Southern Studies ' blog Facing South has the scoop .
Link
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/29/2008 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
RE : post # 3 , 4 So , here is the history , for those who give a shit :
In the late 70's a young hippie astronomer was cut off from his government grant .
He worked for a networked astronomical group in California that shared large telescopes at major observatories , and charged astronomers for their time .
They offered him a shit job of finding out what was wrong with the accounting software that billed the astronomers .
Cliff
Stohl took the job cause he and his babe were going to starve otherwise .
He found a cracker was coming in and fucking the billing program up , and so he followed that hacker and ended up in a drama that drug him thru the NSA , Pentagon , Air Force , CIA , and other government " secure " computer networks and systems .
( He is now a millionaire security dood . )
Anyway , that shocked the " impenetrable computer system experts " and they then began to hire crackers ( now known as hackers , a perversion , hackers were originally good guys ) to work for the government .
Problem is this : when the government becomes corrupt it has the crackers do bad things to the good guys ... America .
That is how the San Diego US Attorney got axed and how a cracker got to be head of the GOP there .
He was put there , and there are others in other places , to make sure that the elections are won by those who will not force the military oil complex to do a military coup .
Like any mafia , they do not like blood all over the place because it is not good for biz .
As long as they can rule by deception and crime , they will not do a nazi military takeover and kill , maim , and destroy hundreds of thousands out in the open .
As I have posted here for years , read " The Cuckoo 's Egg " by Clifford Stohl .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/30/2008 @ 4:00 am PT ...
I still think they 're going into the County / State servers and voting for the registered ( indy or R ) non-voters , raking off just enough as not to be noticed .
That seems to be why they are so eager to register you when you go to get your license .
( in Florida anyway ) .
It gives them the numbers they need as to not look fishy .
Who gets to go back and check after the election and live to investigate this ?
Use your imagination as to how they are getting into them to make the changes .
My theory is right up the power cord .
The motive is clear and their actions deplorable enough that they should have had their asses kicked out a long time ago .
The American voter is not that ignorant as to let this go on IMO .
If I 'm wrong , oh well ... sue me
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/30/2008 @ 4:24 am PT ...
Monday night , I was standing outside an eatery in bum - fuck Florida waiting to get a table and I overheard the name Jeremiah Wright ... WTF ?
I turn around and two late 50 - ish ( white ) women were giggling , so I moved in closer just in time to hear " they 're using him to bring down his numbers "
So you tell me who is paranoid .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/30/2008 @ 6:07 am PT ...
More questions I have is , How big of an insider is Mr. Wright anyway ?
How close was he to the top back in the day ?
Was that guy was put up there by the Hillaryites ( innies ) to give it to Obama ?
Watch the press club interview again , that guy could n't have did more damage if he had tried .
It looks like a hit job to me now .
We retort , you deride
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 6:27 am PT ...
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 6:34 am PT ...
Floridiot # 8 Speaking of paranoia Krvaric ( see my post # 3 ) would not have to buy a machine on eBay , because he could go directly to Haas and get them , do the sleep over thingy , provide inside access about them to his cracker criminal gang , and later hack anywhere in the country where those machines are used .
And how many other election officials are crackers ( now known as hackers ) ?
Ca n't you hear the dKos panty waists saying " Whoa ... that is soooo paranoid dooood ... " ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/30/2008 @ 6:58 am PT ...
Hey Dredd and Floridiot , you guys interested in doing a Brad Blog workshop ?
June 5th seems to be the voting information day .
If they are serious about reform they should be aware of what you guys know !
It would be really great to see Brad Bloggers there !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/30/2008 @ 7:19 am PT ...
Kos are innies Dredd , so you can bet on us being chided about ' Theories ' .
And yep , that 's why I said a few days back that our election system is like a sieve , soo many possibilities ... all we can hope for is that two of them " crackers " ( boy is n't name fitting ) accidentally hit the same place and make a big enough boo - boo that can't be explained away as a " glitch " I 'd sure like to be inside the voting records system a little before and on election day to watch for activity .
Whoever has the ' best ' technology wins !!! , screw the voters .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/30/2008 @ 8:04 am PT ...
Sorry Ancient , I 'm too crippled up and broke to go anywhere .
But ( 99 will like this ) ,
If you have any of that new fangled voting technology you want reverse engineered , send it my way , my friend Winchester and I would just love to take it apart .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in FL - 13 said on 4/30/2008 @ 9:49 am PT ...
ANCIENT ( #2 ) ~ SO glad you mentioned the 2008 NCMR conference in JUNE as I have been trying to get BRAD ( and some of our luminary others ) THEIR OWN PLANERY session , there .
I called YOLANDA HIPPENSTEELE at FREEPRESS and her assistant JORDAN and they SEEMED open to the suggestion ; even fans of BRAD / however , I have not received any updates on the status of this suggestion , despite many phone calls .
BRADBLOGGERS : can you give her a call to follow up ?
Could use some help :
yolanda@freepress.net
tel : 413-585-1533
Would be GREAT if we could get BRAD / STEVE FREEMAN / BEV HARRIS / PAUL LEHTO / JONATHAN SIMON / BOB FITRAKIS / HARVEY WASSERMAN / MARK ADAMS / ANDI NOVICK / et al in front of 10,000 people WHO CARE before the upcoming November BOONDOGGLE .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... George LoBuono said on 4/30/2008 @ 11:08 am PT ...
That 's right !
Buy that voting machine at Ebay 's discount price and we 'll throw in a free , bonus election of your best friend as Senator if you get your bid in by Friday night at 7 p.m.!
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... John Taylor said on 4/30/2008 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
Voting machines are a diversionary tactic .
America is controlled by an extremely wealthy elite and powerful lobby groups .
It is they who select the horses , promote them ( via the controlled media , choose the election issues in what we call an election process .
Only the voters can perceive the subtle differences between the candidates .
Any one of them will foster the agenda of the elite which includes , dismantling the constitution , destruction of the currency , continued military action in Iraq , acceleration of the North American Union which includes a new immigration bill and amnesty for illegal Mexicans .
Globalization really means one world gov't which is the direction we are moving .
Their agenda includes a drastically reduced standard of living for Americans which will be accompanied by mass job relocations and massive unemployment .
America is defacto bankrupt and through it 's economic demise it will become easy to manipulate the public into giving up soveriegnty .
Once they culled the herd of candidates to put Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich out of the game via media manipulation , hacked voting machines become irrelevant .
The elite would be delighted with any of the three remaining candidates .
American 's will suffer under whoever wins .
The more they can divide and distract Americans with unimportant issues the easier it is to push through the real agenda .
Flawed voting machines are just one more distraction to draw your attention away from what is really important .
Stay asleep America it is already too late .
You know what they say " You sleep - you lose " Hasta la vista America .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
Ancient # 12 The San Diego GOP chair ( acquaintance of the election official Haas there ) went to one of those in late 1987 or 1988 ... today it would be called a ' hacker convention ' ... they called them ' copy parties ' two decades ago .
They would get together and hack computers of various sorts .
Yes , the GOP has one of the world 's best " hackers " ( a.k.a. " cracker " ) who could crack computer codes .
Here are A TINY FEW of the ' notches on his belt ' as far back as 20 years ago :
last ninja ... 1989 Crack ; ninja ... 1989 Crack ; Bombuzal ... 1988 Crack ; Savage ... 1988 Crack ; Captain Blood# ... 1988 Crack ; Live and Let Die ... 1988 Crack ; Fox Fights Back ... 1988 Crack ; G.U.T.Z ... 1988 Crack ; G.U.T.Z ... 1988 Crack ; Gothik ... 1988 Crack ; Samurai Warrior ... 1988 Crack ; Cybernoid ... 1988 Crack ; Pac - Land ... 1988 Crack ; Unitrax ... 1988 Crack ; Unitrax ... 1988 Crack ; Chernobyl ... 1988 Crack ; Rolling Thunder ... 1988 ; Predator ... 1988 Crack ; Predator ... 1988 Crack ; Task III ... 1988 Crack ; Morpheus ... 1988 Crack ; Ace 2088 ... 1988 Crack ; Knight Games ... 1988 Crack ; Xor ... 1988 Crack ; Platoon ... 1988 Crack ; Major Soccer League ... 1988 Crack ; Platoon ... 1988 Crack ; Platoon ... 1988 Crack ; Octapolis ... 1988 Crack ; Mini Golf ... 1988 Crack ; Hat Trick ... 1988 Crack ; Blood Valley ... 1988 Crack ; Fair Means or Foul ... 1988 Crack ; NATO Assault Course ... 1988 Crack ; Trivial Pursuit ... 1988 Crack ; Vixen ... 1988 Crack ; Intensity ... 1988 Crack ; Roadwars ... 1988 Crack ; Galactic Games ... 1987 Crack ; Addicta Ball ... 1987 Crack ; Cosmic Causeway ... 1987 Crack ; Combat School ... 1987 Crack ; Shoot 'em Up ... 1987 Crack ; Book of the Dead ... 1987 Crack ; Karate Plus ... 1987 Crack ; Karate ... 1987 Crack ; Jammin ... 1987 Crack ; Temple of Doom ... 1987 Crack ; Quedex ... 1987 Crack ; Hysteria ... 1987 Crack ; Karate Plus ... 1987 Crack ; Tai - Pan ... 1987 Crack ; Scary Monsters ... 1987 Crack ; Scary Monsters ... 1987 Crack ; Solomon's Key ... 1987 Crack ; Tank ... 1987 Crack ; Tank ... 1987 Crack ; Renegade ... 1987 Crack ; K.A.O.S.+ by Fairlight ... 1987 Crack ; Starfox ... 1987 Crack ; Rapid Fire ... 1987 Crack ; Last Mission ... 1987 Crack ; The Wiz ... 1987 Crack ; Ace II ... 1987 Crack ; Prohibition ... 1987 Crack ; Living Daylights ... 1987 Crack ; Hyperforce ... 1987 Crack ; Snapdragon ... 1987 Crack ; Frankenstein ... 1987 Crack ; Laurel & Hardy ... 1987 Crack ; Road Runner ... 1987 Crack ; Quartet ... 1987 Crack ... 1987 Crack ; Thing ... 1987 Crack ; Wonderboy ... 1987 Crack ;
Musketeers ... 1987 Crack ; Gun Runner ... 1987 Crack ; Barbarian ... 1987 Crack ; Milk Race ... 1987 Crack ; Metro-Cross ... 1987 Crack ; Treasure Island ... 1987 Crack ; Escape ... 1987 Crack ;
Temple of Terror ... 1987 Crack ; Enduro Racer ... 1987 Crack ; Out on the Tiles ... 1987 Crack ; High Frontier ... 1987 Crack ; Spore ... 1987 Crack ; Wonderboy ... 1987 Crack ; Inside Outing ... 1987 Crack ; ( crack log ) .
Gives new meaning to crack does n't it ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
and the crack moves on to bigger things :
Diebold ... 2000 -2008 hack ;
Hart 2000 - 2008 hack ;
Sequoia ... 2000 -2008 hack ;
Premier 2007 - 2008 hack ... cantcha hear the kosanostra saying " what election vulnerabilities ? " ...
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 5:14 pm PT ...
ES & S 2006 - 2008 hack ...
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/30/2008 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
And our EI ancestor , and the soooo yesterday government was saying this in 1988 while the GOP chairman was hacking major commerical butt : 4.13 Summary Of Problem Types 4.13.1 Insufficient Pre-election Testing
4.13.2 Failure to Implement an Adequate Audit Trail
4.13.3 Failure to Provide for a Partial Manual Recount
4.13.4 Inadequate Ballots or Ballot - Reader Operation
4.13.5 Inadequate Security and Management Control
4.13.6 Inadequate Contingency Planning
4.13.7 Inadequate System Acceptance Procedures ... Concern had been heightened by a series of articles published in the summer of 1985 in the New York Times .
The articles cited statements by two computer experts reporting that a computer program widely used for vote - tallying was vulnerable to tampering .
Several elections were identified in which losing candidates claimed that it would be possible to fraudulently alter the computer programs that were used in their contests .
Do n't it make your brown nose blue modern day election official stars ?
You guys are saving democracy cause it can't save itself .
Just like these doods , Darb and Veb's Incredible Journey . ;)
; ) ;-[ ] ...
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/30/2008 @ 8:54 pm PT ...
Holy shit Dredd ***** JACKPOT *****
I had to get to class and did n't get to read it .
WOW !
Fuck those naysayer 's , their looking for acceptance on L street !
Hey Flo , crippled and broke and brillant deserves a vacation .
I ain't made of money , but willin to kick in .
Tomas made it to Crawford .
99 , can give you my email .
Jeanie , we 're thinking along the same line !
I 'll make my call first thing in the mornin .
Come on Brad Bloggers , this is an opportunity we can't afford to waste !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/1/2008 @ 3:50 am PT ...
Shit , I just realized that the FDOT Drivers license servers and the voter registration servers are most likely one and the same .
Lemme give you a hint fellas
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/1/2008 @ 4:15 am PT ...
You know what that would mean ?
That if the vote totaling system from the counties and the registration system connect all together , you could alter anything from any DMV terminal IN THE STATE .
And if that connects to Fatherland Security , well , there you go .
It aint just a sieve , it 's Niagara Falls
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/1/2008 @ 6:46 am PT ...
Ancient sedd
Holy shit Dredd ***** JACKPOT ***** Yep , Raw Story broke it .
I found the guy 's website and took it a bit further .
And it goes to deep darkness the 6 of 7 must fathom .
But we have more work to do .
We must follow his hacker gang and see where they have been working ... ( In Florida as Floridiot surmises , Homeland insecurity , etc ? ) ... remember that as early as the late 70's one of these guys , from Europe , ransacked the NSA , CIA , Pentagon , Military Bases , etc. and went in and out of them at will .
( book : The Cookoo's Egg , by Clifford Stohl ) .
If they put backdoors in place , then that gang can do anything with the '08 election .
I suspect , since they want Hillary in , they we in NH and Pennsylvania .
It is bigger than Floridiot 's and my expose of the military oil complex 's participation in the way the evoting machines are inspected and constructed .
Bigger than the Clint Curtis story .
It is the mother of all hacker infiltration stories .
And it is not theory , it is fact .
We have a lot of work to do .
Yeah , it would be good to get Floridiot there and I would chip in too ... but is it paranoid to fear getting all of us in one place at the same time ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/1/2008 @ 7:09 am PT ...
Lemme say this again Dredd , if it's for the good of our Democracy , it 's worth our life .
Many of people before us have fought and fell for it ( some literally ' fell for it ' recently ) , a couple more wo n't matter .
But if it accomplishes the desired result it 's for the good of man .
In other words , I aint scared of them fuckers dood , they 're most likely a bunch of cowards that hide behind the flag and the dollar bill anyway .
Lets roll
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/1/2008 @ 7:29 am PT ...
It 's past time we drug some of this old shit out of the closet anyway Link
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/1/2008 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
Watch your Step
For immediate release : China Gears up for Low Quality Olympic Tourists
or Click here for all our Satire News Stories
The merging of profile / cProfile as of Python 3.3 did not occur , and thus is considered abandoned ( although it would be acceptable to do in the future ) .
Python 3.0 presents a chance to remove modules that do not have long term usefulness .
This chance also allows for the renaming of modules so that they follow the Python style guide .
This PEP lists modules that should not be included in Python 3.0 or which need to be renamed .
Just like the language itself , Python 's standard library ( stdlib ) has grown over the years to be very rich .
But over time some modules have lost their need to be included with Python .
There has also been an introduction of a naming convention for modules since Python 's inception that not all modules follow .
Guido pronounced that " silly old stuff " is to be deleted from the stdlib for Py3K .
This is open - ended on purpose .
Each module to be removed needs to have a justification as to why it should no longer be distributed with Python .
This can range from the module being deprecated in Python 2.x to being for a platform that is no longer widely used .
This section of the PEP lists the various modules to be removed .
Each subsection represents a different reason for modules to be removed .
Each module must have a specific justification on top of being listed in a specific subsection so as to make sure only modules that truly deserve to be removed are in fact removed .
When a reason mentions how long it has been since a module has been " uniquely edited " , it is in reference to how long it has been since a checkin was done specifically for the module and not for a change that applied universally across the entire stdlib .
If an edit time is not denoted as " unique " then it is the last time the file was edited , period .
Previously deprecated [ done ]
PEP 4 lists all modules that have been deprecated in the stdlib .
The specified motivations mirror those listed in PEP 4 .
All modules listed in the PEP at the time of the first alpha release of Python 3.0 will be removed .
The entire contents of lib - old will also be removed .
These modules have already been removed from being imported but are kept in the distribution for Python for users that rely upon the code .
cfmfile Documented as deprecated since Python 2.4 without an explicit reason .
cl Documented as obsolete since Python 2.0 or earlier .
Interface to SGI hardware .
md5 Supplanted by the hashlib module .
mimetools Documented as obsolete in a previous version .
Supplanted by the email package .
MimeWriter Supplanted by the email package .
mimify Supplanted by the email package .
multifile Supplanted by the email package .
posixfile Locking is better done by fcntl.lockf ( ) .
rfc822 Supplanted by the email package .
sha Supplanted by the hashlib package .
sv Documented as obsolete since Python 2.0 or earlier .
Interface to obsolete SGI Indigo hardware .
timing Documented as obsolete since Python 2.0 or earlier . time.clock ( ) gives better time resolution .
Platform - specific with minimal use [ done ]
Python supports many platforms , some of which are not widely used or maintained .
And on some of these platforms there are modules that have limited use to people on those platforms .
Because of their limited usefulness it would be better to no longer burden the Python development team with their maintenance .
The modules mentioned below are documented .
All undocumented modules for the specified platforms will also be removed .
IRIX
The IRIX operating system is no longer produced .
Removing all modules from the plat - irix [ 56 ] directory has been deemed reasonable because of this fact .
AL / al Provides sound support on Indy and Indigo workstations .
Both workstations are no longer available .
Code has not been uniquely edited in three years .
cd/CD CD drive control for SGI systems .
SGI no longer sells machines with IRIX on them .
Code has not been uniquely edited in 14 years .
cddb Undocumented .
cdplayer Undocumented .
cl / CL/CL_old Compression library for SGI systems .
SGI no longer sells machines with IRIX on them .
Code has not been uniquely edited in 14 years .
DEVICE /GL/gl/cgen/cgensuport GL access , which is the predecessor to OpenGL .
Has not been edited in at least eight years .
Third - party libraries provide better support ( PyOpenGL ) .
ERRNO Undocumented .
FILE Undocumented .
FL / fl / flp
Wrapper for the FORMS library FORMS has not been edited in 12 years .
Library is not widely used .
First eight hits on Google are for Python docs for fl .
fm Wrapper to the IRIS Font Manager library .
Only available on SGI machines which no longer come with IRIX .
GET Undocumented .
GLWS Undocumented .
imgfile Wrapper for SGI libimage library for imglib image files ( .rgb files ) .
Python Imaging Library provides read - only support .
Not uniquely edited in 13 years .
IN Undocumented .
IOCTL Undocumented .
jpeg Wrapper for JPEG ( de ) compressor .
Code not uniquely edited in nine years .
Third - party libraries provide better support ( Python Imaging Library ) .
panel Undocumented .
panelparser Undocumented .
readcd Undocumented .
SV Undocumented .
torgb Undocumented .
WAIT Undocumented .
Mac-specific modules
The Mac - specific modules are not well - maintained ( e.g. , the bgen tool used to auto - generate many of the modules has never been updated to support UCS - 4 ) .
It is also not Python 's place to maintain such a large amount of OS - specific modules .
Thus all modules under Lib / plat-mac and Mac are to be removed .
A stub module for proxy access will be provided for use by urllib .
_builtinSuites Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
Audio_mac Undocumented .
aepack OSA support is better through third - party modules .
Appscript .
Hard - coded endianness which breaks on Intel Macs .
Might need to rename if Carbon package dependent .
aetools
See aepack .
aetypes See aepack .
applesingle Undocumented .
AppleSingle is a binary file format for A / UX .
A /UX no longer distributed .
appletrawmain Undocumented .
appletrunner Undocumented .
argvemulator Undocumented .
autoGIL Very bad model for using Python with the CFRunLoop .
bgenlocations Undocumented .
buildtools Documented as deprecated since Python 2.3 without an explicit reason .
bundlebuilder Undocumented .
Carbon Carbon development has stopped .
Does not support 64 - bit systems completely .
Dependent on bgen which has never been updated to support UCS - 4 Unicode builds of Python .
CodeWarrior Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
ColorPicker Better to use Cocoa for GUIs .
EasyDialogs Better to use Cocoa for GUIs .
Explorer Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
Finder Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
findertools
No longer useful .
FrameWork Poorly documented .
Not updated to support Carbon Events .
gensuitemodule
See aepack .
ic
icglue
icopen Not needed on OS X. Meant to replace ' open ' which is usually a bad thing to do .
macerrors Undocumented .
MacOS
Would also mean the removal of binhex .
macostools
macresource Undocumented .
MiniAEFrame
See aepack .
Nav Undocumented .
Netscape Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
OSATerminology
pimp Undocumented .
PixMapWrapper Undocumented .
StdSuites Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
SystemEvents Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
Terminal Undocumented .
Package under lib-scriptpackages .
terminalcommand Undocumented .
videoreader
No longer used .
W No longer distributed with Python .
Solaris SUNAUDIODEV / sunaudiodev Access to the sound card on Sun machines .
Code not uniquely edited in over eight years .
Hardly used [ done ]
Some platform - independent modules are rarely used .
There are a number of possible explanations for this , including , ease of reimplementation , very small audience or lack of adherence to more modern standards .
audiodev Undocumented .
Not edited in five years .
imputil Undocumented .
Never updated to support absolute imports .
mutex Easy to implement using a semaphore and a queue .
Cannot block on a lock attempt .
Not uniquely edited since its addition 15 years ago .
Only useful with the ' sched ' module .
Not thread - safe .
stringold Function versions of the methods on string objects .
Obsolete since Python 1.6 .
Any functionality not in the string object or module will be moved to the string module ( mostly constants ) .
sunaudio Undocumented .
Not edited in over seven years .
The sunau module provides similar abilities .
toaiff Undocumented .
Requires sox library to be installed on the system .
user Easily handled by allowing the application specify its own module name , check for existence , and import if found .
new Just a rebinding of names from the ' types ' module .
Can also call type built - in to get most types easily .
Docstring states the module is no longer useful as of revision 27241 ( 2002-06 -15 ) .
pure Written before Pure Atria was bought by Rational which was then bought by IBM ( in other words , very old ) .
test.testall
From the days before regrtest .
Obsolete Becoming obsolete signifies that either another module in the stdlib or a widely distributed third - party library provides a better solution for what the module is meant for .
Bastion / rexec [ done ]
Restricted execution / security .
Turned off in Python 2.3 .
Modules deemed unsafe .
bsddb185 [ done ]
Superseded by bsddb3
Not built by default .
Documentation specifies that the " module should never be used directly in new code " .
Available externally from PyPI .
Canvas [ done ]
Marked as obsolete in a comment by Guido since 2000 ( see http://bugs.python.org/issue210677).
Better to use the Tkinter .
Canvas class .
commands [ done ] subprocess module replaces it .
Remove getstatus ( ) , move rest to subprocess .
compiler [ done ]
Having to maintain both the built - in compiler and the stdlib package is redundant .
The AST created by the compiler is available .
Mechanism to compile from an AST needs to be added .
dircache [ done ]
Negligible use .
Easily replicated .
dl [ done ] ctypes provides better support for same functionality .
fpformat [ done ]
All functionality is supported by string interpolation .
htmllib [ done ]
Superseded by HTMLParser .
ihooks [ done ] Undocumented .
For use with rexec which has been turned off since Python 2.3 .
imageop [ done ]
Better support by third - party libraries ( Python Imaging Library ) .
Unit tests relied on rgbimg and imgfile .
rgbimg was removed in Python 2.6. imgfile slated for removal in this PEP .
linuxaudiodev [ done ]
Replaced by ossaudiodev .
mhlib [ done ]
Should be removed as an individual module ; use mailbox instead .
popen2 [ done ] subprocess module replaces it .
sgmllib [ done ]
Does not fully parse SGML .
In the stdlib for support to htmllib which is slated for removal .
sre [ done ]
Previously deprecated ; import re instead .
stat [ TODO need to move all uses over to os.stat ( ) ] os.stat( ) now returns a tuple with attributes .
Functions in the module should be made into methods for the object returned by os. stat .
] statvfs [ done ] os.statvfs now returns a tuple with attributes .
thread [ done ]
People should use ' threading ' instead .
Rename ' thread ' to _thread .
Deprecate dummy_thread and rename _dummy_thread .
Move thread .
get_ident over to threading .
Guido has previously supported the deprecation .
urllib [ done ]
Superseded by urllib2 .
Functionality unique to urllib will be kept in the urllib package .
UserDict [ done : 3.0 ] [ TODO handle 2.6 ]
Not as useful since types can be a superclass .
Useful bits moved to the ' collections ' module .
UserList / UserString [ done ]
Not useful since types can be a superclass .
Moved to the ' collections ' module .
Although you might know what it takes to drive the width of a particular state in the United States , you might not know how that compares to driving across countries in Europe , but there are some notable comparisons between state sizes and those of European countries .
Knowing how the United States compares to Europe in size will greatly help when you 're planning your trip to Europe and trying to calculate driving times .
Using handy tools like our " European Distance Calculator and Map " can also help you plan your 10 - day vacation overseas by providing known travel times between some of Europe 's major cities , which all seem to be about 300 miles apart .
In terms of landmass , the United States and Europe are similar in size — the United States is 9,833,000 square kilometers while Europe is 10,180,000 square kilometers — however , European countries are closer in size to eastern states in America ( which are smaller and closer together than western states ) .
Why People Get Confused
It 's understandable that you might not implicitly grasp how the United States and Europe measure up compared to one another ; after all , geography classes and even maps in the U.S. are America - centric , conflating the size of the country and oftentimes centering it on world maps .
However , if you place in - scale renderings of the United States over other countries around the world , you 'll begin to grasp a better understanding of how these places actually compare to one another .
Several maps are available to help put the United States ' size in perspective and illustrate just how many countries are indeed larger or comparable to the U.S .
The last map of the 19 linked above is called the Gall - Peters Projection World Map , which is meant to represent a more accurate depiction of the world 's countries and continents as they actually compare to one another in terms of landmass .
Historically , most maps created in the Western and " developed " world undercut African , South American , and other " third - world " countries by depicting them as much smaller than Europe or North America when in fact the opposite is true .
Comparing Travel
A good way to get perspective and better understand how to plan your driving or train trip across Europe is to develop comparable frames of reference between travel time crossing U.S. states and similarly - sized European countries .
Traveling from the eastern border of France to its western border , for instance , is at most a 590 - mile journey , which is about 200 miles shorter than the distance across Texas .
However , driving across France can take up to three days to complete because of its winding roads whereas driving across Texas can take just one day due to its direct east - to - west highways .
Similarly , driving across Spain and Germany would take about the same amount of time .
Driving down from north to south in one of Europe 's longest countries , Italy , would take just about as much time as it would to travel from the tip of Maine to the top of Florida in the United States .
Interestingly , the Ukraine is about the same size as Texas ( 818 miles at its longest compared to 801 miles for Texas ) and is the second - largest country in Europe .
Stressed at work ?
Re -wire your brain !
- - Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Stressed at work ?
Re -wire your brain !
1 / 1 Back to Gallery
This column is due tomorrow morning and I 'm still on the first sentence .
This procrastination was an experiment .
I wanted to breed a little stress in myself , create a walking petri dish for a man named Don Goewey .
All his professional life , Goewey has gone where it 's stressful .
He was in Croatia from 1992 to 1995 , as part of a State Department - funded mission , working with war refugees suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder .
He has served as director of emergency medical services and then as an executive in the mental health department in the San Mateo County Health Department .
And from 1992 until just a couple years ago , he was executive director of the International Center for Attitudinal Healing in Sausalito , which provides free support to adults and children going through bereavement , illness and other highly stressful crises .
But it 's Goewey 's current position that might have the most far - reaching implications for the average person .
Toward the end of his tenure at the center , he was challenged by his friend Larry Stupski , former president and chief operating officer of Charles Schwab , to import those healing strategies to the work world .
Goewey appreciated the idea that some of the cognitive elements of a personal trauma might be at play in our professional lives .
ProAttitude was spun off in 2005 .
The business , headquartered in Napa , attempts to facilitate " peak performance " by reducing stress endemic to the workplace .
Central to ProAttitude 's work is recognizing stress as fear , and fear as a component of the survival instinct .
A little can come in handy .
Too much and the brain starts shutting down systems it deems nonessential .
Given how few of our problems involve saber - tooth tigers these days , the brain 's response is n't always appropriate to the situation .
But it can be rewired .
The ProAttitude method is rooted in research on neuroplasticity , the brain 's capacity to change its own structure as a result of experience .
Clients — which have included Stanford University and the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department — learn practices that essentially re-program the way stressful situations are processed .
How does it happen ?
Via guided imagery , the ProAttitude workshops have attendees vividly recreate a recent stress reaction .
Once in the thick of it , they 're brought to dissect it — a process that , over time , actually slows the brain 's stress response to a given situation .
The next phase involves shifting the thinking about how to act in those situations .
Drawing on cognitive behavioral therapy , humanistic psychology , positive psychology and a form of learned optimism , ProAttitude is able to help clients connect stress to fear , to dismantle that fear , and to develop a habit of responding more appropriately to external events .
The buzzwords of ProAttitude — peace , acceptance , negative self - talk — can sound worrisomely New Agey at times , but the company appears to deliver measurable results .
Len Brutoco , president of Brutoco Engineering and Construction , says his company reduced its workers ' compensation claims from $ 500,000 to $ 20,000 after implementing the practices taught by ProAttitude .
He attributes the dramatic change to his employees ' ability to manage stress .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Indeed , there are plenty of non-squishy reasons for a business to mellow its workers out .
One in every three dollars spent on workers ' compensation claims is attributable to stress , according to a Business Insurance article cited in a ProAttitude white paper .
Heart patients who attend stress management programs have 42 percent lower health care costs , according to a Duke University and American Psychological Association study in 2002 .
Meanwhile a survey of human resources executives at U.S. companies found that 12 percent of work absences are traced to stress .
The American Institute of Stress estimates that stress and related illnesses keep a million people out of work each day .
Me , I 'm a little stressed .
It 's 3 p.m. and I want to finish this column before picking up a friend who 's visiting from New York .
Got to clean the house , so we do n't appear to live as animals .
Also have some e-mails and phone calls to return , and I promised I 'd help my wife copy edit her magazine , and I need to work on my nephew 's birthday present , and I 've got a handful of other assignments to get cracking on .
This is all small stuff , needless to say — the minor , daily piling - on of pressure that keeps ibuprofen bottlers in business .
Like many people Goewey encounters , I tend to assume my tensed shoulders and occasional headaches are inevitable .
Pursuit by the hounds of worry seems an unfortunate but unavoidable part of life .
A calm , soothing presence , Goewey gets excited when you say things like that — he 's about to use neuroscience to show that you 're wrong .
Chronic stress degrades higher mental activity , he explains — memory , attention span , decision - making .
In impairing the production of serotonin , it diminishes the brain 's ability to regulate mood .
He speaks of dendritic arbors and the neocortex and serotonin transporter sites .
He cites research on monks , with whom brain imaging has revealed actual alterations in physical structure .
Short of joining a monastery , the trick is recognizing the onset of stress symptoms , and understanding that stress happens in us , rather than to us .
Next comes the practice , in which the individual learns techniques for converting stress to calm .
Last is extension , where these changes are brought into interpersonal relationships , which will also help transform the stress environment of a workplace .
In all of this , Goewey explains , new neural networks are forming , causing the brain 's actual hard wiring to change .
But we know that stuff , do n't we ?
On an intuitive level , anyway , we understand that stress has a physiological component , and we know that counting to 10 is somehow supposed to help .
But I suspect many of us also tell ourselves the same thing :
This might work for some people — but in my case , with my job , it 's just not possible .
Here , ProAttitude could n't have a better leader .
Years back , the mild - mannered Goewey was a whirlpool of stress .
Foreseeing failure and doom around every corner was a way of life — and then all of a sudden the picture really did get bleak .
At the age of 38 , Goewey found himself facing a level of stress most of us will never know .
He lost his prestigious job at Stanford 's medical school .
Nine days later he was diagnosed with a brain tumor .
" I do not think I have ever felt more alone or more lost , " he writes in a new book , " Mystic Cool : The Neuroscience of Success , " adding that his marriage , too , was on the rocks .
" My mental state oscillated between abject terror and complete numbness .
I was beginning to lose faith in life . "
One day , in the midst of this misery , he stepped out of his house and onto the deck for a cigarette , hoping to calm his nerves .
Instead they only began to spiral out of control .
Nightmarish images of the future flashed in his mind as panic overtook him .
He describes a dark cavern swallowing him , his entire being surrendering to the terror .
It continued to grow worse .
Later , he would speculate this was a psychotic break .
He describes his conscious mind receding inward until it reached some sort of vanishing point .
With nowhere left to go , he blacked out .
When he came to , everything was calm .
How long had he been unconscious ?
It felt like a lifetime , he said , but when he looked down at his cigarette , it was still burning .
And yet he was a different person — someone for whom everything was OK .
He could n't get his mind around this miracle , and performed a reality check :
Did he still have a brain tumor ?
Yes .
Had he still been fired ?
Yes .
Was his marriage still crumbling ?
Yes .
But the calm persisted .
To hear him describe it , he knew he could handle any turn of events , as long as he could maintain this feeling .
His feelings of terror were just that — feelings .
Stress was something that happened within him , rather than to him , and somehow his blackout there on the deck had given him the perspective to reframe his thinking .
Goewey stops before crediting his newfound calm with the events that followed .
He had brain surgery not long after , and it was a complete success — despite warnings to expect horrific consequences , he came away with nothing more than diminished hearing in one ear .
What 's more , he 'd received a phone call the day he was heading to the hospital :
He 'd been offered another job at Stanford .
It 's not that life has been perfect since then , Goewey says .
His marriage did not last .
Job stresses and strains cannot be avoided .
What 's different is his ability to handle these things .
It 's this radical transformation that drives him to help others find something similar .
" There 's no greater change in the brain than moving from fear to peace , " he says .
" I 'm not talking about withdrawing from the world , either .
You become dynamically peaceful . "
Goewey adds that this is not the stuff of happy little aphorisms ; it takes work to alter one 's neural networks .
Having experimented with a stress - awareness technique he taught me recently — forcing myself , at the onset of symptoms , to dissect the underlying fear associated with my stress — I can vouch for that .
But new brains are n't built in a day , so I 'm going to keep at it .
And just to be safe , I 'm going to start my next column a little earlier .
Goewey , I 'm pretty sure , would endorse that .
( But even if he would n't , I 'm not going to stress about it . )
ProAttitude is hosting a one - day workshop on April 11 , in Mill Valley .
Chris Colin has worked as a writer - editor at Salon , and before that a busboy , a bread deliverer and a bike messenger , among other things .
He 's the author of " What Really Happened to the Class of ' 93 , " about the lives of his former high school classmates , and co-author of " The Blue Pages , " a directory of companies rated by their politics and social practices .
His writing has appeared in the New York Times , Mother Jones , the New York Observer , McSweeney 's Quarterly and several anthologies .
He lives in San Francisco .
A University of Arizona law school student and former Miss Arizona contestant has been indicted on five felony charges for kidnapping her ex-boyfriend , holding him for ten hours in Tuscon " while torturing and robbing him " , the Arizona Daily Star reports .
Kumari Fulbright , 25 ( right ) appeared in Pima County Court on 18 December on charges of armed robbery , aggravated robbery , kidnapping and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .
She and three male accomplices are accused of " tying up a 24 - year - old man with plastic cable and duct tape " on 8 December and " holding him captive at two residences , one on the North Side and the other in Midtown " , as court documents explain .
They elaborate that the four suspects " pointed pistols at the man , threatened his life and stole his wallet , cell phone , briefcase and $ 500 to $ 600 in cash " , adding : " ( Fulbright ) specifically bit him several times while he was bound , stuck a butcher knife in his ear and said she was going to kill him , pointed a pistol at him . "
After eight to ten hours " the victim was able to grab Fulbright 's gun , the gun went off and he ran out of the house screaming for help " .
The search - warrant inventory filed in court says that police subsequently found " an expended bullet at a home in the 1200 block of East Knox Drive along with .45 - caliber ammunition , plastic gloves , marijuana , the victim 's wallet and briefcase , and a book , How to Win Friends and Influence People " , as well as " duct tape at a home in the 2400 block of North Bryant Avenue " .
Fulbright , described by the Arizona Daily Star as " Miss Pima County in 2005 and Miss Desert Sun in 2006 " , and alleged accomplice Larry Bruce Hammond , 40 , were later arrested .
In court , Fulbright 's attorney Tom Hartzell described his client as " a promising first - or second - year law student who hopes to go into entertainment law " .
He asserted : " We 're eager to see the process through and for the truth of this matter to come to light .
My preliminary investigation indicates the alleged victim is not the most savory individual and will be coming to court with a whole lot of baggage of his own . "
Court papers indicate that the victim was charged with " assault and disorderly conduct " back in March , although they were dismissed in early December " after he completed a diversion program " .
The possible link between these charges and Fulbright is not noted .
Fulbright was released from the Pima County jail on $ 50,000 bail , while her accomplice Hammond remains incarcerated on $ 50,000 bond .
Police are still hunting brothers Michael Ergonis , 46 , and Robert Ergonis , 44 , in connection with the crime . ®
These hips do n’t lie – women with hourglass figures tend to be more intelligent and have smarter kids , a new study says .
Researchers have even come up with a scientific explanation for their theory – and for why men prefer voluptuous women with large hips and small waists .
It ’s all about omega - 3 fatty acids and a woman ’s waist - to - hip ratio , or WHR – a mea surement that , according to an online calculator offered by Rush University Med ical Center in Chicago , “ looks at the proportion of body fat stored on your waist compared to that stored at your hips and buttocks . ”
You calculate it by dividing the waist circumference by the hip circumfer ence .
The lower the WHR , the better , according to the study by William Lassek of the University of Pittsburgh and Steven Gaulin of the University of California at Santa Barbara .
The study found that women who had a larger difference be tween their waist and hip mea surements scored higher in tests than did those with “ apple - shaped ” bodies .
“ Women with lower WHRs and their chil dren have significantly higher cognitive test scores , ” their study found .
They say that ’s because the fat on a woman ’s hips and thighs contains omega - 3 fatty acids , which help in “ critical brain - building ” – and the curvier the hips , the higher the level .
The fat around the waist has higher qualities of omega - 6 fatty acids , less helpful to brain growth .
“ Shapely hips and thighs hold essential nutri ents that nurse brains and could produce smart kids , too , ” Gaulin told London ’s Telegraph .
That could explain why other studies have shown that men in Western countries “ prefer women with both a low WHR [ 0.6 to 0.7 ] and a low body - mass index [ 17 to 20 ] , ” the researchers said .
“ Men respond because it ’s reproductively im portant , ” Lassek said .
If that ’s the case , a completely unscientific look at Hollywood shows that Harvard - educa ted actress Mira Sorvino scores a low WHR of .69 based on estimated measurements of a 24 - inch waist and 35 - inch hips .
By contrast , actress Keira Knightley , based on estimated online measurements of a 25 - inch waist and 33 - inch hips , would score a .76 WHR .
The researchers tested their thesis by look ing at data from a study of 16,325 women aged from birth to 90 .
The results will appear in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior .
rita.delfiner@nypost.com
Lloyd's of London warned yesterday that an absence last year of natural disasters or man-made accidents was putting pressure on firms to reduce premiums in 2008 .
The world 's oldest and biggest insurance market said that though the lack of major disasters had allowed firms to push up profits 5 % in 2007 , underwriting margins were being squeezed .
Almost half of the 320 - year - old market 's business was conducted in the US last year .
It is a major insurer of the Florida seaboard and oil rigs in the gulf of Mexico .
In 2005 , a series of natural disasters culminated in Hurricane Katrina clattering into New Orleans .
The clean - up bill pushed Lloyd 's into a £ 103 m loss .
However , two years of relatively few claims for environmental damage have increased competition in the sector .
" On the back of a good performance in 2007 we need to sound a note of caution for 2008 because of softening market conditions and because of the financial turmoil we have seen , " said Richard Ward , chief executive of Lloyd's .
" The indications are that people are being prudent in what they are doing by cutting back on writing business , " he added .
Though the financial credit squeeze was unlikely to affect the market and the amount of business it was able to write , he said investment income , which makes up a large proportion of profits , could be hit .
" Given that insurers derive much of their income from investments , it is a potential problem , " Ward said .
The market , where 75 syndicates underwrite cover , reported a 2007 pre-tax profit of £ 3.85bn , up from £ 3.66 bn in 2006 .
Lloyd 's combined ratio , a key performance benchmark that measures costs and claims as a percentage of premiums , rose to 84 % from 83.1 % , indicating that underwriting had been slightly less profitable .
But Lloyd 's said the figure compares favourably with the average ratios for US , European and Bermudan insurers .
Ward said moves by some syndicates to shift their headquarters to Bermuda to enjoy lower taxes had not affected their trading in the market .
But he said it should be of concern to the British exchequer and showed that tax benefits offered to corporate insurers should also benefit Lloyd 's syndicates .
Luke Savage , Lloyd 's finance director , said he expected an increase in claims on company directors ' liability and " errors and omissions " policies , reflecting the increased scrutiny of companies ' finances .
But he said the market had cut its exposure to such areas after problems with Enron , WorldCom and numerous technology companies .
" It 's a fraction of the size it was , " he said .
" We would expect any claims to be in an order of magnitude lower than those we saw at the beginning of the decade . "
Reddit Email 0 Shares
McClatchy provides a lot of important detail about Sunday ’s surprising developments regarding the fight between the Iraqi government and the Mahdi Army .
A parliamentary delegation from Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s own coalition ( mainly now the Da`wa Party and the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ) defied him by going off to the holy seminary city of Qom in Iran and negotiating directly with Sayyid Muqtada al - Sadr and with the leader of the Quds Brigades of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , Brig .
Gen. Qasim Sulaymani .
As a result of those parleys , Muqtada al - Sadr called on his followers to stand down , though I read his statement as permitting continued armed self - defense , as at Basra where the Iraqi Army is attacking them and the US is bombing them .
Significantly , he calls on the Mahdi Army to stop attacking the HQs of rival political parties .
That language suggests that the parties are suffering from such attacks and are worried that party infrasture is being degraded ahead of the October 1 provincial elections .
The southern parties have essentially defied al - Maliki and Bush to make a separate peace .
The entire episode underlines how powerful Iran has become in Iraq .
The Iranian government had called on Saturday for the fighting to stop .
And by Sunday evening it had negotiated at least a similar call from Sadr ( whether the fighting actually stops remains to be seen and depends on local commanders and on whether al - Maliki meets Sadr ’s conditions ) .
Al - Sadr ’s statement is translated here .
The main points :
‘ We have decided the following : 1 . Cancel the armed manifestation in Basra and all over the governorates .
2 . Stopping the illegal and random raids and arrests .
3 . Demanding the government to apply the General Amnesty law and release all the prisoners that was not proved to be guilty and especially the prisoners of Sadr movement .
4 . We announce our innocence from any one who caries the weapon and target the government and services apparatuses and establishments and parties offices .
5 . Cooperating with the government apparatuses in achieving security and condemn criminals according to the legal procedures .
6 . We assure that the Sadr movement does n’t have any heavy weapons .
7 . Working on returning the displaced people that moved due to security events to their original places .
8 . We are asking the government to take care of the Human rights on all of its procedures .
9 . Working on achieving the constructional and services projects all over the governorates .
[ Signed and stamped Muqtada Sadr 22 / Rabi Awal / 1429 ] ’
The NYT notes the irony here that the al - Maliki government is dependent on Muqtada al - Sadr to pull its fat from the fire :
‘ Many Iraqi politicians say that Mr. Maliki ’s political capital has been severely depleted by the campaign and that he is now in the curious position of having to turn to Mr. Sadr , a longtime rival and now his opponent in battle , for a solution to the crisis . ’
McClatchy reports civil war violence on Sunday , suggesting that any cease fire has not yet taken hold :
Consumers are expected to tighten their belts
There is a one in three chance of the UK going into a recession over the next two years , according to investment bank Lehman Brothers .
It says the global financial turmoil is increasing mortgage rates and predicts this will reduce consumer spending .
Lehman Brothers says the Bank of England will be forced to cut rates to 4 % or lower to boost the economy .
The report comes as the latest revised official figures cut the annual rate of UK growth at the end of 2007 to 2.8 % .
The annual growth rate in the October to December quarter was trimmed from an earlier estimate of 2.9 % , and was the lowest rate since the second quarter of 2006 .
The Office for National Statistics figures showed growth during the fourth quarter remained unrevised at 0.6 % .
' Considerable strain '
A recession is defined as two consecutive three - month periods where the economy contracts .
" It has become clear that the banking system - and hence the credit creation process - is under considerable strain , " Lehman Brothers said .
The bank says the credit crisis is now having an impact beyond the financial world as households are finding it more difficult to borrow money to buy a house or remortgage their existing property .
The investment bank says this will have an impact on the housing market and predicts house prices will fall about 8 % by the end of next year .
" Given the importance of housing wealth for consumer spending , this points to an economic slowdown that could last some time . "
Economist Howard Archer from Global Insight said he believed the UK economy would slow , but not enter a recession , despite consumers tightening their belts in the face of increased mortgage rates , higher food and utility bills .
" We believe the UK is set for an extended period of markedly below - trend economic growth , although we remain hopeful that it will avoid recession , " Mr Archer said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Red - light cameras are often billed as a great way to improve traffic safety and prevent speeding .
A few cities across America , however , have been caught short - timing their own yellow lights below legal levels in what may be an attempt to boost ticket revenues by giving drivers less time to come to a stop .
So how many anecdotes do you need to pronounce something a trend ?
It 's hard to say , especially when the anecdotes in question support the abolishment of something as universally hated as the red light camera .
Six possible red-light " gotcha " stories , some of which go back as far as 2005 , were originally reported by the Newspaper , but were compiled into a single list of events by motorists.org .
One city , Chattanooga , Tenneessee , has been forced to repay the $ 8,800 it collected in ticket revenue , while investigations in Lubbock and Dallas , Texas and Springfield , Missouri , have uncovered evidence of similar practices , although no charges have been filed .
In the single court case that has occurred thus far , Chattanooga 's city traffic engineer John Van Winkle testified that the yellow signal light should be ( and was ) turned on for the 3.9 seconds necessary to meet basic safety standards .
The judge in question ordered the claim verified , and discovered that the light was only set for three seconds — significantly less than the 3.9 - second minimum .
Van Winkle claims that the problem was caused by an accidental mixup with turn arrow timing , but there might be more behind the issue .
According to confidental documents released in 2001 , Lasercraft , the company behind Chattanooga 's red camera lights , only installs red light cameras at high - volume intersections with an " amber phase " of less than four seconds .
None of the other cities are facing court actions , but investigative reports have turned up troublesome trends .
In Dallas , yellow lights at the city 's revenue generators camera - enforced intersections were timed for just 3.15 seconds , or 0.35 seconds less than the Texas Department of Transportation minimum .
In this case , a third of a second may make a substantial difference in revenue — theNewspaper reports that most ( 80 percent ) red - light tickets are issued less than one second after the light has turned to red .
Ironically , Dallas is now considering scrapping its ticket revenue program after new legislation forced the city to post signs alerting drivers to the existence of the cameras as well as requiring all towns to send 50 percent of their camera - derived income to the state 's coffers .
In Lubbock , city council members eventually deployed red light cameras in the summer of 2007 after completing a series of timing tests at all twelve of the intersections scheduled to receive the cameras .
As of February , 2008 , however , the cameras are back down .
While the cameras were initially credited with reducing the total number of crashes in Lubbock by 5.5 percent , rear - end crashes at the intersections in question rose 90 percent .
The cameras also failed to generate sufficient revenue while they were deployed in Lubbock , which undoubtedly contributed to the city 's decision to can the program .
Several months after the cameras were switched off , the question of their use and effectiveness remains a hot topic in Lubbock . �
Springfield has a similar story .
There , residents voiced concerns last spring after the city announced its intention to slash yellow lights by one second at multiple intersections .
Again , evidence from the investigation indicated that longer yellow lights actually reduce the number of accidents at busy intersections .
The only problem is , long yellows also have a negative impact on revenue , which can make the cameras cost more than they are worth .
In all fairness , the debate does go beyond the potential of these cameras to generate revenue .
Both advocates and proponents of red light monitoring systems have produced reports on how the cameras raise ( or lower ) the severity and rate of accidents at a given intersection .
Lubbock is a good example of how camera deployment can generate data that points in both directions at the same time , further inflaming people on both sides of the issue .
Ultimately , whether you take motorist.org 's list of cities who are short - timing yellow lights as indicative of a national trend depends on where you draw the line between " trend " and " anecdote collection . "
But with state and city budgets tightening in the current economic climate , it would n't be surprising if a bona fide trend eventually emerges .
Here ’s what watching movies like Grease too many times can do to a man .
I have n’t been able to dig up too much on these silly looking guys , I just know they are some kind of entertainers in Yoyogi Park , Harajuku in Japan .
Please , if you know more , do n’t hesitate to let everybody know through a comment .
I do n’t what else to say but : LONG LIVE ROCK’N - ROLL !
Danica Patrick Unzips for GoDaddy ( Video )
Danica Patrick is a race driver who competes in the IndyCar series .
The 25 year old made her racing debut in 2005 .
In April 2007 , Patrick launched her official fan club The Danica Maniacs to help foster greater interaction with her fans .
She loves to roller blade and believes in a variety of activities for a solid work out .
She combines running and weight training and also does extreme yoga .
Her 90 minute sessions are done in a 100 degree room with a circuit of 26 poses , repeated twice .
She also has a lead foot off the track .
A must see is Danica Patrick 's super sexy Sports Illustrated bikini photos .
She has teamed up with GoDaddy and did a Super Bowl ad where she unzips her leather jacket .
The network opted not to air it because it was just too hot for the masses .
Check it out below .
He is the creator of galaxies , saviour of Saturday night telly and the most influential gay man in Britain , but Russell T Davies can still shriek like a starstruck fanboy .
" Richard Dawkins ! "
The evolutionary biologist and best - selling author of The God Delusion will appear as a guest star in the new series of Doctor Who , which began last night .
" People were falling at his feet , " says Davies , creator of the BBC 's flagship show .
" We 've had Kylie Minogue on that set , but it was Dawkins people were worshipping . "
As writer and executive producer of Doctor Who , Davies often plays with religious imagery ( from a cross - shaped space station to robot angels with halos ) , but he 's a fervent believer in Dawkins .
" He has brought atheism proudly out of the closet ! "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Russell T Davies is a big man squeezed into a smallish leather armchair , at a private members ' club in London .
Six feet six inches tall , he waves his big hands around a lot ... except when he 's pushing the chunky , black - framed glasses back on his broad face , or running a hand through fluffy hair that , frankly , wo n't take it for very much longer .
Davies was born not too far from the birthplace of Tommy Cooper in South Wales , and seems to have borrowed his chuckle from that melancholy - jolly comic .
When we meet he is psyching himself up for the star - studded series premiere , but , despite his physical and professional stature , his enthusiasm for Dawkins makes him go as giggly as the fans who thrust posters of the Tardis at him to sign .
( If you are one of them , speed - reading for clues about what will happen in the show , stay with us .
Dawkins is an exclusive , and there 's a cracker to come . )
" He was as mad and as barking as you 'd want him to be , " says Davies , putting on a magisterial voice to imitate Dawkins : " ' Do n't touch me , I 've got a cold !
Do n't shake my hand !'
Just brilliant .
It 's like , ' Woah ! ' "
He did n't have the nerve to ask the professor to slip on a latex mask , it seems : Dawkins will appear as himself .
" His wife , [ the actress ] Lalla Ward , used to be a companion of the Doctor .
The gays loved her . "
Ah , " the gays " .
Last year , an Independent on Sunday panel put Davies top of our Pink List of the 100 most influential gay men and lesbian women in Britain .
" Is n't it just nonsense ? " he says , laughing , although he was clearly flattered .
" Did you see the photo ?
I was like a prancing clown !
I think the influential ones are the ones fighting for the laws and so on , " he says , then concedes : " I 'm not without influence .
I 'm very out and proud and deliberately visible with it . "
Why place him higher than Stephen Fry , Sir Elton John or Peter Mandelson ?
Partly because of the status he has within his industry , achieved by doing the impossible : reviving the Doctor – turning a dusty old joke into a witty , sexy , slick and scary show – and making Saturday tea - time family telly compulsory again .
But also because of what his critics call " the Gay Agenda " .
Davies caused a kerfuffle during the first series , back in 2005 , by having the Doctor flirt with a new , openly bisexual character called Captain Jack .
There was a lot more fuss when they kissed on the lips .
Since then , Jack has spun off into his own , very adult series , Torchwood , but he is returning ( along with former companions Sarah Jane , Martha and Rose , her old boyfriend Mickey and her mum Jackie ) .
Significantly , the show has evolved .
It now encompasses all kinds of sexuality without fuss , even from the tabloids .
" I keep thinking , ' Where are the headlines about this in The Sun ? ' , " Davies admits .
" There has been a cultural shift . "
He loves the thought that somewhere a young boy might watch Captain Jack with his family and say , " Actually , I 've got something to tell you . "
" That 's it !
That kid is still rare , but it has started .
If there is one kid now doing that , then in 10 years ' time there will be thousands of kids , and 10 years after that , every kid who wants to will be doing that .
Is n't that brilliant ? "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The playground has yet to catch up with its heroes : boys and girls are still being bullied for their sexuality .
But , as a 44 - year - old man , Davies is " massively jealous " of the increasing numbers of teenagers able to be openly gay .
" There are still thousands closeted , but they are a proper little subset of gay life : ' out ' 15 - year - olds .
It 's the most magnificent shift in the whole culture . "
Born in 1963 , Davies did not come out to his parents until he was at Oxford University .
What if he 'd done it 10 years earlier ?
" My parents would have been fine .
They would n't have chucked me out .
There would have been silence , " he says .
" Nobody had the language then , in Swansea in the Seventies .
Not even my parents , who were both Latin teachers .
It 's one of the great gay myths , the chucking out of the teenager . "
After a degree in English literature , he became a BBC trainee ( inventing the " T " to differentiate himself from a Radio 2 DJ ) .
Somewhere in the vaults is the one episode of Play School he presented , but Davies quickly moved on to writing and producing .
And enjoying the wild life brought to screen in Queer As Folk , the explicit but beautifully written 1999 series about young gay men .
It broke all kinds of taboos , and caused bemusement back home .
" My mum said , ' This is porn ! '
I said , ' No it is n't , it 's life ! ' "
She usually narrated television for his father , who had gone blind .
So how did she describe the masturbation scenes ?
" I do n't know , " he says , laughing .
" I never had the nerve to ask . "
It seems a long time ago now .
" The fury of that sex drive , the madness of Canal Street [ in Manchester ] , I wonder how much of that comes from repression when you 're 12 to 20 ? " he says .
" I 'm not saying it 's going to go away , because it 's fun , and we had some good times , but what is thought of as ' the Scene ' is an explosion that happens once you 've left home , have your own wage , and can become whatever you want . "
His own life calmed down seven years ago , when he met a customs officer called Andrew in a nightclub .
They live separately in Manchester ( although Davies also has a flat in Cardiff , where Doctor Who is made ) and see each other only at weekends .
" It 's not that a portcullis comes down if he pops in on a Wednesday for a cup of tea , but , actually , he 's got the patience of a saint .
I did n't see him this weekend , because I had to rewrite the Christmas special . "
Davies stops himself .
" He hates being talked about in interviews . "
They were together on the day the show returned , in 2005 .
" There was such huge anticipation about it .
I remember getting into the car with Andrew and he was like , ' I bet if you turned on the radio now they would be talking about Doctor Who . '
He switched it on and they were !
Jesus Christ , it was white hot . "
How did that feel ?
" Lovely !
Fuck , I 'm not going to be modest about that .
It was lovely . "
The Doctor makes millions for the BBC , so perhaps it should listen to Davies 's anger about the time it is now being shown – 40 minutes earlier than before , at 6.20 pm .
" It 's a shame .
It 's a terrible slot .
We will lose viewers .
I am unhappy .
We 'll see . "
Expect to see it moved back , later in the run .
Other sci - fi writers make a point of praising their hardcore fans , but Davies can be very rude about them ( look away now , Whovians ) .
" It 's like having a swarm of fucking mosquitoes buzzing around you .
It does n't stop you doing your job , but , Christ , they buzz ! "
They are buzzing furiously about the casting of the comedian Catherine Tate as the gobby new companion , Donna .
At 39 , she is much older than her predecessors , so is n't it hard to see little girls pretending to be her , as they did Rose ?
" I completely disagree , " says Davies .
" When I was an eight - year - old fan I could not have told you how old Sarah Jane was .
Also , there 's a heartiness , a boldness and a childlike glee to everything Catherine does .
Kids love her .
Her catchphrases are in every playground . "
Tate still gets to be funny .
This coming Saturday she asks a young girl in Pompeii where she hangs out with her mates : " D'you go to TK Maxximus ? "
But she also has to cope with the trademark emotional lurch in every episode , designed to tug heartstrings even amid sci- fi madness .
The BBC promises this will be even more intense in episode six , " The Doctor 's Daughter " .
Is Davies going to say how come the most eligible – but elusive – bachelor in the universe has got a child ?
" No !
Shut up !
Mind you , we 'll never get to week six without someone blabbing . "
Out on the fansites , they 're guessing aliens will pinch the Doctor 's DNA .
But that sounds too prosaic , and not enough to justify the hyperbole of a writer who saw part of the episode and calls it " one of the single most audacious moments in Doctor Who 's 45 - year - history ... cheeky , hilarious and brave " .
The Child Support Agency is involved , says Davies .
Donna is " literally like Jiminy Cricket on his shoulder , telling the Doctor what to do as a father .
She says , ' I 've seen men like that round our estate , with pushchairs and prams .
You 've gone into dadshock . ' "
So here 's your pay - off , Whovians : the Doctor is going to have a baby .
It 's just a theory , but if a post - operative transsexual from Oregon can become pregnant in real life – as reported last week – then a fictional 900 - year - old from Gallifrey with two hearts certainly can .
There .
That should get the mosquitoes buzzing .
Well folks , it 's been nice knowing you , but we 're officially as good as dead .
The robot apocalypse is upon us and our new overlords will not stop until every last one of us has been dragged in and chopped to bite sized pieces by these monstrosities .
Currently " owned " by the Tokyo fire department , these " Robokiyu " ( sound it out -- it means robot that kills you ) bots were designed to " rescue " people from any situation .
As you can see , rescuing is as simple as being grabbed by the neck with their throat - piercing arms and dragged into their digestive system ( read : rotating blades of death ) .
I , for one , am not going to sit back and wait for the robots to destroy me .
I 'm fighting back .
Namely by creating a race of cyborgs that fight on the side of humans .
I 'm pleased to announce I 've already sowed my wild oats with no less than two Roombas , an iPod , an RC tank , and my roommate 's DVD player .
Speaking of which , I think the DVD player is finally giving birth .
At last , the first of my cyborg offspring !
UPDATE : False alarm .
It was just an Aliens vs. Predator : Requiem DVD stuck in the player .
A couple more pictures of the last thing you 'll ever see before dying , after the jump .
Giant Robot Body Scoopers [ albotas ]
Today [ McCain ] took a walking tour of the Ninth Ward -- perhaps the most visible symbol of the Bush administration 's inaction in the wake of Katrina - - passing a mix of rebuilt homes and vacant , blighted houses .
After the tour , McCain addressed reporters in front of a restored church .
" Never again will we allow such a mishandling of a natural disaster , " he vowed .
" Never again . " [...]
Asked earlier this week if he thought the Lower Ninth Ward should be rebuilt , McCain shrugged , considering the question for several seconds .
" I really do n't know , " he finally said .
" That 's why I am going ...
We need to go back to have a conversation about what to do : rebuild it , tear it down , you know , whatever it is . " -- Newsweek , Apr 24th , 2008
John McCain is currently on his tour of " Forgotten Places " in America ; small towns and nooks of the nation so ravaged by poverty , unemployment , shrinking populations or just plain forgottenness that they qualify for the term .
It is unclear how a community qualifies as sufficiently Forgotten to merit a bus stop on the latest McCain tour -- and even more unclear how we should feel about the towns so forgotten that they will never qualify for such a visit -- but by any standard , the Lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans qualifies .
It is America 's most famous forgotten city , a neighborhood that is very publicly rediscovered and reforgotten nearly every week .
It is the forgotten town on everyone 's mind , and yet it still remains forgotten .
In this way it is very much like the place where McCain started his tour , the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Alabama , where civil rights marchers in 1965 were attacked by state troopers using whips , clubs , and tear gas .
Both are places for politicians to go when they want to prove they have not forgotten important lessons on race , and class , and America .
Then the politicians leave , and the quiet breeze returns , and the clouds continue to wander from one horizon to the other , and the town is the same is it was , forgotten by those politicians until the next time someone remembers to forget them again .
John McCain is presenting himself as a Republican Who Cares .
This is subtly different from George W. Bush 's similar message of Compassionate Conservatism , primarily because McCain has the good sense to stay away from the now openly mocked phrase .
Both , though , are premised on the same notion .
Visit the towns of America , declaring that You Care .
Then do nothing .
Hurricane Katrina flooded the Lower Ninth Ward and much of the rest of New Orleans at the end of August , 2005 .
It has thus been over two and a half years since the destruction of the city .
Rebuilding remains a slow , difficult process , and it is now a given that a sizable subset of the evacuated population will not return .
This is not surprising , as we have yet to even declare whether they will , at any arbitrarily far - off date , have anything to return to .
It seems surprising that an American senator and candidate for the presidency of the United States would , two and a half years , not have a ready opinion on whether or not the wounded city should be rebuilt .
Having a plan one way or the other would at the least be something worthy of discussion and debate .
Do you want the city to be rebuilt ?
Fine , then how shall it be accomplished ?
What role does the government have in this , the largest natural disaster to hit an American city in our lifetimes ?
Should it help actively ?
Passively ?
Not at all ?
Or , on the other hand , should the Lower Ninth Ward be abandoned , left to the will of future hurricanes ?
That seems unlikely , given the interest in repaving the area and making it something different -- something classier , something with more malls and different residents -- but it seems a notion that at least requires defending , among those that have it .
The Lower Ninth is not necessarily the most vulnerable of New Orleans ' many vulnerable parts , and yet discussions of New Orleans ( non -) rebuilding efforts always seem to center on it .
It has become a symbol of race and class , and an ongoing allegory for America 's will , or lack of will , to heal its own wounds .
Both man and nature have carved deep holes into America in these Bush years .
In the first case , the event started two wars .
The second event was met with a now - institutionalized paralysis .
Absent anyone but God to blame , and nothing to strike back against , the government remains frozen in inaction ; the relief continues to trickle in but there is no plan for what should happen after the relief is done and gone .
It is not that there is a fervent debate being played out before action can be taken -- there is not .
There is no plan , there is no urgency to have a plan , and there is little effort to create an urgency to have a plan .
We provided trailers for some that did not have homes .
We provided paychecks to those that had lost not just their jobs , but their entire communities .
And then we left , returning on occasion to shake our heads at how forgotten they remain .
John McCain 's off the cuff assertion rings hollow .
In his quest to lead the nation , he has determined that there are three courses of action possible , for the still - stricken Lower Ninth Ward .
We can " rebuild it " , we can " tear it down " , or we can " whatever it is . "
It has been two and a half years -- we are less than forty days away from the third hurricane season since Katrina struck the city -- and the Republican presidential candidate has not thought about the matter enough to have an opinion on it ; the best we can hope for , in his promise , is that if he is elected it will finally be time to perhaps discuss the subject .
Unless , of course , the Lower Ninth somehow is forgotten again , come January .
Those rebuilding in the Lower Ninth are probably deeply interested in whether or not " tear it down " remains an option being considered .
Those waiting to rebuild but unable to , without assistance , probably are interested in knowing whether there will be some year in which that assistance will come .
And all parties are probably keen to know what may exist , in the murky waters of " whatever it is " , and if any of those unspoken , not - worthy - of - mention plans will offer either neighborhood relief or neighborhood reformation .
If you are going to tour the most forgotten city of Forgotten America , one would think it prudent to at least pretend that you have not forgotten them even during your visit .
If you are going to tour Forgotten America on a bus , it seems rational to expect that the tour would consist not just of declaring each town forgotten , but in having a concrete plan to assist those towns beyond your mere momentary presence .
It is within a hair 's breadth of mockery , to ostentatiously tour towns so injured that they deserve special attention , and yet have given no apparent thought to those towns in advance , or have no more substantive thoughts on the matter more profound than " whatever it is . "
Compassionate Conservatism , after all , was the fine art of saying something while doing nothing ; apparently the 2008 version has been further streamlined in order to say not a damn thing , either .
On the day Katrina struck New Orleans , John McCain was meeting with President Bush on an Arizona tarmac in order to be presented with a cake ; the occasion was his 69th birthday .
In the next months , McCain used his position in the Senate to vote against Medicare relief and unemployment benefits for homeless New Orleans residents , and against investigations into what went wrong .
But McCain understands the forgotten city , and McCain is alarmed by the inaction of senators such as himself , and McCain vows to investigate what went wrong so that it will not be repeated .
You must believe all these things , because if you do not , you are calling into question the sincerity of a four day bus tour .
If I were a community leader in New Orleans , I would launch a drive to rename the Lower Ninth Ward to Forgotten , USA .
You could spell it out on the ground in enormous letters , using the rubble of abandoned houses , so that the word would be visible to anyone flying over the city .
You could light the letters on fire , so that the glow would light the sky at night and the smoke would darken it during the day .
Perhaps that way it would be easier to remember .
Acciona Dedicates US ' First New Concentrating Solar Plant in 16 Years
February 22nd , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
Las Vegas , Nevada –
The current period of sustained growth in the American Southwest is putting tremendous demands on important resources like water , wildlife habitat , and , with the light beaming from the top of Las Vegas ’ Luxor Hotel as a reminder , electricity .
Nevada currently gets about 90 % of its electricity from fossil fuels , and the majority source fuel is natural gas .
As natural gas prices are predicted to rise , a debate is stirring about whether the state needs to build new coal - fire power plants to meet current needs , or whether it should tap its renewable resource potential .
For that reason , Acciona Energy could not have picked a better time than today to dedicate their new 64 MW concentrating solar power plant ( CSP ) in Boulder City , Nevada , less than thirty miles from the Las Vegas strip .
And with a star - studded collection of speakers like Ed Begley Jr. , NASA astronaut Dr. Sally Ride , and Apple co-founder and tech whiz Steve Wozniak , the Spanish - based Acciona dedicated the facility in true Las Vegas style .
The 300 - acre site in Boulder City uses parabolic trough collectors to generate electricity .
The 760 mirrored troughs track the movement of the sun ’s path , and their 184,000 mirrors face the sky and concentrate the sunlight to a large metal and glass receiver in the middle of the trough that holds circulating oil .
The oil travels to heat exchangers , which heat water and create steam that spins a turbine .
Seems simple enough , right ?
Continued …
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Federal drug regulators , in announcing Wednesday that the mystery contaminant in heparin was an inexpensive , unapproved ingredient altered to mimic the real thing , moved closer to concluding that Americans might be the latest victims of lethal Chinese drug counterfeiting .
The finding by the Food and Drug Administration culminated a worldwide race to identify the substance discovered early this month in certain batches of heparin , the blood - thinning drug that had been linked to 19 deaths in the United States and hundreds of allergic reactions .
The contaminant , the regulators said , is a chemically altered form of chondroitin sulfate , a dietary supplement made from animal cartilage that is widely used to treat joint pain .
The agency ’s announcement followed a report Wednesday in The New York Times that was the first publicly to identify the modified substance as the likely contaminant .
That report was based on nearly two dozen interviews with researchers and scientists in China , the United States and Canada .
Federal officials stopped short of saying that the contaminant  constituting as much as 50 percent of the active ingredient in heparin  was counterfeit .
“ At the moment we do n’t know definitely whether the contaminant was introduced intentionally or by accident , ” said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the Food and Drug Administration ’s center for drug evaluation and research .
From Alan Keyes for President :
Former Republican presidential candidate Alan Keyes has chosen April 15 to make a major announcement of his intentions , following indications he has broken with the GOP .
A life - long Republican who has increasingly cited the party ’s failure to match conservative rhetoric with actual performance in the political arena , Keyes said he will reveal his reasons for departing the GOP at a press conference scheduled for 8:30 pm ET , at the Best Western Genetti Inn in Hazleton , PA .
The event will be video - streamed live at Keyes ’ website [ here ] .
Keyes added that he is looking to the Constitution Party as a possible home for his future efforts in politics , including a potential run for president in the 2008 general election .
“ No other ‘ third party ’ is as well - established as the Constitution Party , ” said Keyes .
“ They ’ve been around since 1992 , and have built a significant grassroots presence among patriotic , Constitution - minded citizens — with a registered membership of over 350,000 .
Conservatives have a home in the CP that they can find nowhere else , given the decline in the Republican Party ’s credibility as a voice and vehicle for conservatism . ”
Regarding his potential third - party candidacy for president in the fall , Keyes said , “ I believe people deserve a choice .
They certainly deserve a conservative choice — something neither John McCain , Hillary Clinton , nor Barack Obama can offer voters .
All they can offer is empty promises based on liberal track records . ”
Symbolic of Keyes ’ break with the Republican Party is a caricature of the GOP logo — upside down — on the front page of his website .
The Constitution Party will hold its nominating convention April 23 - 26 in Kansas City .
According to Dan Smeriglio , a Keyes supporter who is helping to arrange the event , the former Reagan administration diplomat chose to make his announcement in Hazleton because of the town ’s strong stance on illegal immigration .
“ I understand a good portion of his speech next week will center on illegal immigration , ” Smeriglio said .
Smeriglio and a group he represents , Voice of the People USA , have been vocal in opposing illegal immigration since Hazleton Mayor Lou Barletta introduced the Illegal Immigration Relief Act in 2006 — thrusting Hazleton into national prominence in the movement to stem illegal immigration .
Keyes — who has a Ph.D. in government from Harvard and wrote his dissertation on constitutional theory — served as Reagan ’s Assistant Secretary of State for International Organizations , as well as Ambassador to the United Nations Economic and Social Council , where he represented U.S. interests in the UN General Assembly .
Men keep going to war .
They go for many reasons .
The only defensible reason , however , is self - defense – of one ’s family , one ’s community , one ’s country .
With war many suffer and suffer profoundly .
But few gain .
Why then do men go to war so often ?
In one way or another most soldiers are coerced or brainwashed into battle .
The few who gain keep the pot boiling .
Only they have the power to do so .
Even as they themselves avoid battle , those few force others to kill and risk death .
Many are the reasons for not going to war .
To begin with , just count the victims .
Years ago a group of anti-war activists here in Syracuse brainstormed reasons to oppose the imminent US attack on Iraq .
Not much tweaking would be needed for that long list to apply equally to a US invasion of Iran .
That tweaking would be no academic exercise .
Mr. Cheney and Mr. Bush , having despoiled two Islamic nations , are poised to despoil a third .
What follows draws on our brainstorm of years ago .
As we did then , we begin here with why people of conscience must oppose war in general :
~ war breeds war .
War is contagious .
Violence breeds violence .
“ Violence bounces ” ( e.e. cummings ) .
War unleashes reactive terrorism , retaliatory terrorism .
War is terrorism .
~ war is about killing .
Killing is immoral .
Killing violates conscience .
It violates virtually every spiritual heritage .
That the killing is at a distance or from a high altitude , or that it is multiple , does n’t absolve it .
~ in war soldiers lose not only their limbs but their lives .
They lose not only their psyches but their souls .
Thanks to propaganda and misrepresentation , soldiers are put in harrowing circumstances no human should have to endure .
To avoid killing or for the shame of having killed , some commit suicide .
~ war corrupts .
Wars of aggression corrupt absolutely .
In war , profiteering is rife .
Our taxes finance war while the corporations cash in .
The profiteers both promote and perpetuate war .
~ war demands censorship .
War demands disinformation .
The first casualty of war is truth .
War stifles dissent and erodes civil liberties .
Benito Mussolini told us fascism is the merger of the corporations with the government .
War cloaks and consolidates fascism .
~ the US is the unopposed master of aerial warfare .
Air war does n’t discriminate between civilian and military .
It targets and destroys infrastructure essential to civilian life .
For the past century civilians have been the vast majority of war casualties .
Killing civilians is cowardly .
It is terrorism .
~ war spreads , surges , spills over , escalates .
It ignores borders , ignores limits .
War trickles down ; it comes home to roost .
War cheapens and brutalizes a people and their culture .
Domestic abuse rises as soldiers – many suffering post - traumatic stress disorder — return home .
~ pre-emptive war violates national sovereignty .
Pre-emptive war violates the UN Charter and international law .
Violations of law – especially by the only superpower – undermine global security .
~ financing war becomes a pretext to scale back social programs essential for the quality of life , essential for distributive justice , essential for real democracy .
War , especially repeated war , bankrupts .
For better or worse it overextends and implodes empire .
~ the US now uses depleted uranium in its armor and ordnance .
Upon returning home many soldiers , exposed to toxic and radioactive d.u. , fall ill .
Some conceive babies congenitally deformed .
In Iraq depleted uranium leads to epidemic childhood leukemia .
~ war pollutes and otherwise subverts the environment .
War squanders the earth ’s resources .
War on Iran
In 1953 a CIA coup toppled the democratically elected statesman , Mohammad Mossadegh .
The CIA then installed the Shah , a tyrant and friend to US oil companies .
In 1979 a popular revolution overthrew the Shah .
Iran , a cradle of civilization , has twelve next - door neighbors .
In the past two centuries it has n’t invaded any of them .
Needless to say it has never invaded the US … or toppled any US president .
Nor has Iran looted US oil .
Iran has never provided any credible threat to US security .
Yet Bush Inc. keeps saber rattling , brazenly threatening to attack Iran .
The folly and viciousness of such provocation is clear :
~ since 1979 diplomacy between the US and Iran has barely been pursued .
~ war against Iran is a neo -con dream .
It ’s about controlling the oil faucet .
It ’s about bending the Middle East to US imperial will .
It ’s about world domination .
~ despite the hype , despite the lies , a war on Iran would be one of naked , Nazi - like aggression .
Israel and AIPAC , its US lobby , incite hostility to Iran , distorting a realistic assessment of our interests in the Middle East .
~ war is unpredictable .
The contemplated air war may morph into land war : thousands of US soldiers may die ; hundreds of thousands of Iranians may die .
Millions may be displaced .
~ war on Iran risks drying up Iranian oil on world markets .
If an attacked Iran succeeds in blocking the Strait of Hormuz , other Middle East oil will cease to flow .
Oil companies may profit from the scarce supply , but prices at the pump will spike .
~ a US invasion co-opts the choices of the Iranian people .
It would undermine those progressive Iranians struggling for reform .
~ Muslims are a quarter of the world ’s population .
They may grow impatient with the US attacking yet another Islamic country .
US soldiers in Iraq will reap the blowback of Shia rage .
~ yet another invasion may undermine US ties with its allies as the US further proves itself a global outlaw , a rogue state .
~ like the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq , the invasion of Iran would be a war of distraction .
That distraction might temporarily obscure those two failed wars and the deepening recession .
Domestic opposition here to the war on Iran might somehow provide Bush and Cheney the pretext to suspend the 2008 presidential elections … thus postponing their indictment for war crime .
~ the US has no legal or moral standing to pre-emptively target Iran ’s alleged nuclear capacity .
The US is the world ’s only perpetrator of nuclear holocaust – not once , but twice , not against military targets but against civilians .
The US abetted the nuclearization of Israel .
Given its nuclear arsenal , its use of depleted uranium , its arms export industry , its support for the Israeli air war on Lebanon , and its own terrorist training camps ( e.g. the US Army ’s School of the Americas ) , it is sheer hypocrisy for the US to claim it is waging “ war on terrorism . ”
Lastly : for five fierce years a battered and factionalized Iraq – without a national army or air force — has withstood and humbled the mighty US military .
Iran is even larger , richer , more intact and more united than Iraq .
As Iraq learned when it tried to invade Iran in the eighties , a righteous Iran is no foe to mess with .
Now maybe some Southern Baptists will get the courage of their own convictions :
King Ferdinand declared that drowningcalled the third baptismwas a suitable response to Anabaptists .
Water as a form of torture was an inversion of the waters of baptism under the ( grotesque ) belief that it could deliver the heretic from his or her sins .
In the Inquisition , the practice was not drowning as such , but the threat of drowning , and the symbolic threat of baptism .
The tortura del agua or toca entailed forcing the victim to ingest water poured into a cloth stuffed into the mouth in order to give the impression of drowning .
Because of the wide symbolic meaning of " water " in the Christian and Jewish traditions ( creation , the great flood , the parting of the Red Sea in the Exodus and drowning of the Egyptians (! ) , Christ 's walking on the water , and , centrally for Christians , baptism as a symbolic death that gives life ) , the practice takes on profound religious significance .
Torture has many forms , but torture by water as it arose in the Roman Catholic and Protestant reformations seemingly drew some of its power and inspiration from theological convictions about repentance and salvation .
Will Dunham / Reuters | April 17 , 2008
WASHINGTON – A chemical in some plastic food and drink packaging including baby bottles may be tied to early puberty and prostate and breast cancer , the U.S. government said on Tuesday .
Based on draft findings by the National Toxicology Program , part of the U.S. National Institutes of Health , senior congressional Democrats asked the Food and Drug Administration to reconsider its view that the chemical bisphenol A is safe in products for use by infants and children .
The chemical , also called BPA , is used in many baby bottles and the plastic lining of cans of infant formula .
The National Toxicology Program went further than previous U.S. government statements on possible health risks from BPA .
It said : " There is some concern for neural and behavioral effects in fetuses , infants and children at current human exposures . "
The findings expressed concern about exposure in these populations , " based on effects in the prostate gland , mammary gland , and an earlier age for puberty in females . "
Rep. John Dingell , a Michigan Democrat and chairman of the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee , said the draft cast doubt on the FDA ’s position that BPA was safe .
" I hope the FDA is willing to reconsider their position on BPA for the safety of our infants and children , " he said .
The National Toxicology Program said laboratory rodents exposed to BPA levels similar to human exposures developed precancerous lesions in the prostate and mammary glands , among other things .
" The possibility that bisphenol A may impact human development cannot be dismissed .
More research is needed , " the agency said .
Bisphenol A is used in the production of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins and can be found in food and drink packaging as well as compact discs and some medical devices .
Some dental sealants or composites contain it as well .
The National Toxicology Program expressed " negligible concern " that exposure of pregnant women to BPA causes fetal or neonatal death , birth defects or reduced birth weight and growth in babies .
It also had " negligible concern " that exposure causes reproductive problems in adults .
FULL ARTICLE
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Slideshow ( 3 images )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - British pop star Elton John , playing a fund - raiser for Hillary Clinton in New York on Wednesday , said he was amazed at the misogyny of some in America and he hoped that would n’t stop her being president .
At the fund - raiser which Clinton ’s campaign manager said raised $ 2.5 million , John said there was no one more qualified to lead the United States into the next era .
“ Having said that , I never cease to be amazed at the misogynistic attitude of some people in this country .
And I say to hell with them , ” he said , drawing cheers from the crowd at Radio City Music Hall in Manhattan .
“ The reason I ’m here tonight is to play music , but more importantly as someone who comes from abroad , and is in America quite a lot of the time ( and ) is extremely interested in the political process because it effects the whole world . ”
“ I ’ve always been a Hillary supporter , ” he said .
Introducing him , Clinton recalled that the entertainer had played at the White House at a state dinner when her husband Bill Clinton was president .
The New York senator , who is trailing Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , vowed to take her battle for the Democratic nomination to the end of the primary process , saying all the states should have their say .
Clinton said she could n’t sing but “ What I want you to know is ‘ I ’m still standing , ” ’ -- echoing the title of an Elton John song .
John opened his set with the track “ Your Song , ” dwelling on the line “ How wonderful life is when you ’re in the world . ”
Other hits he sang included “ Daniel ” and “ Rocket Man . ”
INNOVATORS in the wireless world got a cautionary reminder last week that early adopters often end up with arrows in their backs .
WiMAX , an upstart wireless - communications technology that has been hyped to high heaven , received its first serious setback .
The technology 's two leading proponents scrapped an agreement that would have given America 's mobile - phone companies a run for their money .
Sprint Nextel , America 's third - largest mobile carrier , and its spectrum - aggregation partner , Clearwire , claim the breakup wo n't affect their individual plans to build networks in major metropolitan areas .
Sprint 's advanced trials in Chicago and the Baltimore / Washington conurbation will doubtless continue .
Shutterstock
With investors losing patience with Sprint 's lacklustre performance in its mainstream mobile business , the chief executive , Gary Forsee , was sent packing .
With him went some of Sprint 's enthusiasm for WiMAX .
Sprint was stumping up $ 5 billion to build a network of radio towers for its new WiMAX service , called Xohm .
Clearwire brought an attractive chunk of wireless spectrum to the table .
Back in July , the two companies agreed to share the cost of delivering high - speed WiMAX connections to 100 m users by the end of 2008 .
Clearwire is now scrambling to find other deep - pocketed partners .
Intel has been an enthusiastic backer of the technology , and is bent on getting its WiMAX - enabled Montevina chips into next year 's crop of laptops and mobile devices .
Motorola is another fan .
It wants to supply much of the transmission equipment and handsets that connect to WiMAX networks .
So do Samsung , Nortel and Alcatel - Lucent .
Meanwhile , Google — with its internet heritage and determination to crack open the moribund mobile phone market — could yet prove to be Clearwire 's fairy godmother .
Such firms believe WiMAX is the kind of revolutionary technology that comes along once a decade at most .
They expect it to change the world of mobile communications in much the same way as broadband cable and DSL replaced dial - up internet access and ushered in a whole new generation of web services .
What makes WiMAX so special ?
Think of it as WiFi 's big brother .
But where a wireless network in a home , hotel lobby , airport lounge or coffee shop can provide reliable wireless connections at speeds of one or two megabits per second over distances of a few hundred feet , WiMAX is good for at least 10 megabits per second over five miles or more .
Better still , in its latest guise , WiMAX can “ hand off ” connections from one radio tower to the next as users roam around — just like a cellular network .
WiMAX can thus fill the gaps in internet coverage , especially in rural areas and developing countries , where laying cables or telephone lines is too expensive .
WiMAX can also provide internet access to mobile users from nearly anywhere .
That opens up a whole new market for mobile carriers as well as for makers of internet - access equipment and suppliers of web services .
But WiMAX is not just for people on the move or in remote places .
It can also provide internet connectivity to all sorts of devices .
Intel wants to put its cheap WiMAX chips in traffic lights , surveillance cameras , television sets and medical equipment .
Expect to see them also in digital cameras , iPods and dozens of other portable gizmos .
And those are just the stationary examples .
Because the internet until now has been immobile , it has been difficult to imagine applications that take advantage of an internet that goes along for the ride .
Clearly , cars are destined to gain internet access — as much for their own use as for the passengers ' sake .
Built from the ground up on internet principles , WiMAX also works seamlessly with the galaxy of internet services developed over the past decade — web surfing , social networking , instant messaging , e-mailing , video streaming , music downloading and , of course , making VOIP ( voice over internet protocol ) phone calls for free .
Getting cellular networks to perform similar feats , while not impossible , is tricky and expensive .
Indeed , with its higher speed , simpler architecture , cheaper equipment , and smarter handling of data , the technology 's boosters expect WiMAX to render the 3G ( third - generation ) cellular networks that the mobile - phone companies are currently building obsolete over night .
That 's pushing the hype a bit .
But the mobile carriers certainly need to show some uncharacteristic haste if they 're to prevent WiMAX from eating at least some of their lunch .
One cellular manufacturer that 's taken the initiative is Ericsson .
While not a mobile carrier itself , the Swedish company makes cellular - network equipment and supplies phones to carriers through its partnership with Sony .
Ericsson has also had a big hand in developing various 3G technologies in Europe , especially the LTE ( long - term evolution ) standard .
The company expects LTE — an evolution of Europe 's UMTS ( universal mobile telecommunications system ) — to be more than a match for WiMAX .
In theory , LTE should be able to download data at a scorching 100 megabits per second over short distances , compared with WiMAX 's maximum of 70 megabits per second .
Both are effectively 4G , rather than 3G , networks .
Either would make watching TV on a mobile device a serious proposition .
Overall , however , two things tip the balance in WiMAX 's favour .
One concerns the technology 's origins .
Because WiMAX was conceived primarily as a means for internet access rather than as a cellular replacement , it adheres strictly to the internet 's open - standards approach .
That means it will work with any internet - ready appliance , no matter the maker or service provider .
In the closed world of cellular networks , appliances tend to be “ locked ” to a phone company 's proprietary network , and users are limited to just those services and applications their carrier has chosen to offer .
In America , subscribers have to buy a new phone whenever they change carriers .
The SIM card used in mobile phones elsewhere allows users to take their handsets with them when they change networks , but that 's about all they can do .
By contrast , open standards and interoperability are WiMAX 's cornerstones .
Mobile carriers that embrace such values find they have a killer proposition to offer customers .
That 's what Sprint 's Mr Forsee was trying to do before being booted out .
The other factor in WiMAX 's favour is its popularity with infrastructure providers .
Intel is ramping up production of its Montevina chips ( also known as the Centrino Duo ) in a bid to find the next billion users for its devices .
Motorola is doing the same with WiMAX modems , PC cards and multimode phones .
To cash in on the experience gained from building the world 's first WiMAX network ( actually a close relation called WiBro ) in South Korea , Samsung is preparing a string of cutting - edge products , including WiMAX - enabled laptops and phones to pocket - sized PCs .
The good news is that at least the hot air surrounding WiMAX is finally giving way to hard silicon .
If Sprint , Clearwire and other WiMAX carriers around the globe continue to embrace the openness of the technology , they could find millions of new users — and , in the process , help save the cellular industry from itself .
Rupert Murdoch Does n't Even Have to Ask to Get What He Wants
If you want to know how powerful Rupert Murdoch is , read the reviews of Bruce Dover ’s book , Rupert ’s Adventures in China .
Well , go on , read them .
You ca n’t find any ?
I rest my case .
Dover was Murdoch ’s vice - president in China .
He took his orders directly from the boss .
His book , which was published in February , is a fascinating study of power , and of a man who could not bring himself to believe that anyone would stand in his way .
So why are n’t we reading about it ?
Murdoch , Dover shows , began his assault on China with two strategic mistakes .
The first was to pay a staggering price — US $ 525 m — for a majority stake in Star TV , a failing satellite broadcaster based in Hong Kong .
The second was to make a speech in September 1993 , a few months after he had bought the business , which he had neither written nor read very carefully .
New telecommunications , he said , “ have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere .
satellite broadcasting makes it possible for information - hungry residents of many closed societies to bypass state - controlled television channels . ”
The Chinese leaders were furious .
The prime minister , Li Peng , issued a decree banning satellite dishes from China .
Murdoch spent the next ten years grovelling .
In the interests of business the great capitalist became the communist government ’s most powerful supporter .
Within six months of Li Peng ’s ban , Murdoch dropped the BBC from Star ’s China signal .
His publishing company , HarperCollins , paid a fortune for a tedious biography of the paramount leader , Deng Xiaoping , written by Deng ’s daughter .
He built a website for the regime ’s propaganda sheet , the People ’s Daily .
In 1997 he made another speech in which he tried to undo the damage he had caused four years before .
“ China ” , he said , “ is a distinctive market with distinctive social and moral values that Western companies must learn to abide by . ”
His minions ensured , Dover reveals , that “ every relevant Chinese government official received a copy . ”
But the satellite dishes remained banned , so he grovelled even more .
He described the Dalai Lama as “ a very political old monk shuffling around in Gucci shoes ” .
His son James claimed that the Western media was “ painting a falsely negative portrayal of China through their focus on controversial issues such as human rights ” .
Rupert employed his unsalaried gopher Tony Blair to give him special access : in 1999 Blair placed him next to the Chinese president , Jiang Zemin , at a Downing Street lunch .
To secure some limited cable rights in southern China , News Corporation agreed to carry a Chinese government channel — CCTV 9 — on Fox and Sky .
Murdoch promised to “ further strengthen cooperative ties with the Chinese media , and explore new areas with an even more positive attitude ” .
Most notoriously , he instructed HarperCollins not to publish the book it had bought from the former governor of Hong Kong , Chris Patten .
Dover reveals that Murdoch was forced to intervene directly ( he instructed the publishers to “ kill the fucking book ” ) because his usual system of control had broken down .
“ Murdoch very rarely issued directives or instructions to his senior executives or editors . ”
Instead he expected “ a sort of ‘ anticipatory compliance ’ .
One did n’t need to be instructed about what to do , one simply knew what was in one ’s long - term interests . ”
In this case executives at HarperCollins had failed to understand that when the boss objected to Patten ’s views on China it meant that the book was dead .
Anticipatory compliance also describes Murdoch ’s approach to Beijing .
Dover shows that the Chinese leadership never asked for Chris Patten ’s book to be banned : they did n’t even know it existed .
But when Murdoch killed it , “ our Beijing minders were impressed and the Patten incident marked a distinct warming in the relationship . ”
The strategy failed .
Murdoch was astonished that he could n’t replicate “ the cozy relationship he enjoyed with Britain ’s political Establishment ” .
For the first time in his later career , he had encountered an organisation more powerful and more determined than he was .
He has now retreated from China , after losing at least $ 1bn .
This is a riveting story about two of the world ’s most powerful forces .
Dover ’s British publisher told me “ I thought this was a natural for serialisation .
We had the author primed and prepared to come over here .
But we had to cancel as we could not raise enough interest .
Weve hit brick walls and we do n’t understand why . ”
The book has been reviewed in The Economist and the Financial Times , but neither the other British newspapers nor the broadcasters have touched it .
As far as I can discover , the book has been reviewed by only one Murdoch publication anywhere on earth — the Australian Literary Review — and that was an article of such snivelling sycophancy that you wonder why they bothered .
The editor of another of News Corporation ’s titles , the Far Eastern Economic Review , commissioned a review of Dover ’s book , then admitted to contracting “ cold feet ” and spiked it .
But what of the other papers ?
Why should they appease Murdoch ?
“ When you see the reaction of the British media to the book , ” Bruce Dover tells me , “ one can better understand why in some respects the Chinese so admired Murdoch  an Emperor who inspires fear in his followers need not raise a hand against them . ”
He might be right , but I think there is also a general bias against relevance in the review sections .
When I worked in faraway countries my books about the tribulations of obscure peoples were comprehensively reviewed .
When I came home and wrote Captive State : the Corporate Takeover of Britain , it was ignored .
There appears to be an inverse relationship between how hard a book hits and how well it is covered .
Paradoxically for a publication which inspires such fear , Bruce Dover ’s story sometimes steps back from the brink .
He observes that News Corporation never promised the Chinese government favourable coverage ; Murdoch undertook only to be “ fair ” , “ balanced ” and “ objective ” .
Dover takes these terms at face value , though it is obvious from his account that they were being used as code for sympathetic treatment .
His book does not contain News Corporation ’s most direct admission : the statement by Murdoch ’s spokesman Wang Yukui that “ we wont do programmes that are offensive in China .
If you call this self - censorship then of course were doing a kind of self - censorship . ”
He is wrong to suggest that “ Murdoch very rarely issued directives or instructions ” .
As the testimony by Andrew Neil ( formerly the editor of the Sunday Times ) before the Lords Communications Committee shows , the paramount leader micromanages the editorial content of the newspapers he owns which swing the greatest political weight .
But I am sure it is true that anticipatory compliance is Murdoch ’s most powerful weapon .
I doubt he needed to tell all 247 of his editors to support the invasion of Iraq , but they did .
He might not even have had to lean on Tony Blair to ensure — as Blair ’s former spin doctor Lance Price reveals — that no British minister said “ anything positive about the euro . ”
Power is sustained not by force but by fear , as everyone seeks to interpret the wishes of his master and to meet them even before he asks .
Suffering from " make install "
I am writing application X , which uses the nonstandard perl modules DBI , DBD :: SQLite , and Template .
These might not be available on the target system , so I got the idea to include them in the distribution for X and have the build process for X build and install the modules .
X already carries its own custom Perl modules in X / lib anyway , so I can just install DBI and the others into X/lib and everything will Just Work .
Or so I thought .
After building DBI , for example , how do you get it to install itself into X / lib instead of the default system - wide location , which only the super - user has permission to modify ?
There are at least five solutions to this common problem .
Uh-oh .
If solution # 1 had worked , people would not have needed to invent solution # 2 .
If solution # 2 had worked , people would not have needed to invent solution # 3 .
Since there are five solutions , there is a good chance that none of them work .
You can , I am informed : Set PREFIX=X when building the Makefile
when building the Set INSTALLDIRS=vendor and VENDORPREFIX=X when building the Makefile
Or maybe instead of VENDORPREFIX you need to set INSTALLVENDORLIB or something
Or maybe instead of setting them while building the Makefile you need to set them while running the make install target
and when building the Set LIB=X / lib when building the Makefile
when building the Use PAR
Use local : : lib
Some of these fail by being excessively complicated .
Some fail by addressing a larger problem set that is too large .
For example , I do not want to do whatever PAR does ; I just want to install the damn modules into X / lib where the application can find them .
Some of these items fail because they just plain fail .
For example , the first thing everyone says is that you can just set PREFIX to X .
No , because then the module Foo does not go into X / lib / Foo.pm .
It goes into X / Foo/lib / perl5/ site_perl/5.12.23/Foo.pm .
Which means that if X does use lib ' X / lib ' ; it will not be able to find Foo .
The manual ( which goes by the marvelously obvious and easily - typed name of ExtUtils : : MakeMaker , by the way ) is of limited help .
It recommends solving the problem by travelling to Paterson , NJ , gouging your eyes out with your mom's jewelry , and then driving over the Passaic River falls .
Ha ha , just kidding .
That would be a big improvement on what it actually suggests , for three reasons .
First , it is clear and straightforward .
Second , it would feel better than the stuff it does suggest .
And third , it would actually solve your problem , although obliquely .
It turns out there is a simple solution that does n't involve travelling to New Jersey .
The first thing you have to do is give up entirely on trying to use make install to install the modules .
It is completely broken for this application , because even if the destination could somehow be forced to be what you wanted — and , after all , why would you expect that make install would let you configure the destination directory in a simple fashion ?— it would still install not only the contents of MODULE / lib , but also the contents of MODULE / bin , MODULE / man , MODULE / share , MODULE / pus , MODULE / dork , MODULE / felch , and MODULE / scrotum , some of which you probably did n't want .
So no .
But the solution is actually simple .
The normal module build process ( as distinct from the install process ) puts all this crap under MODULE / blib .
The test suite is run against the blib installation .
So the test programs have the same problem that X has .
If they can find the stuff under blib , so can X , by replicating the layout under blib and then doing what the test suite does .
In fact , the modules are installed into the proper subdirectories of MODULE / blib / lib .
So the simple solution is just to build the module and then , instead of trying to get the installer to put the right stuff in the right place , use cp - pr MODULE / blib / lib /* X / lib .
Problem solved .
For modules with a shared library , you need to copy MODULE / blib / arch / auto / * into X / lib / auto also .
I remember suffering over this at least ten years ago , when a student in a class I was teaching asked me how to do it and I let ExtUtils : : MakeMaker make a monkey of me .
I was amazed to find myself suffering over it once again .
I am relieved to have found the right answer .
This is one of those days when I am not happy with software .
It sometimes surprises me how many of those days involve make .
Dennis Ritchie once said that " make is like Pascal .
Everybody likes it , so they go in and change it . "
I never really thought about this before , but it now occurs to me that probably Ritchie meant that they like make in about the same way that they like bladder stones .
Because Dennis Ritchie probably does not like Pascal , and actually nobody else likes Pascal either .
They may say they do , and they may even think they do , but if you look a little closer it always turns out that the thing they like is not actually Pascal , but some language that more or less resembles Pascal .
Unfortunately , the changes people make to make tend to make it bigger and wartier , and this improves make about as much as it would improve a bladder stone .
I would like to end this article on a positive note .
If you have n't already , please read Recursive make Considered Harmful and be prepared to be blinded by the Glorious Truth therein .
[ Other articles in category / prog ] permanent link
As a follow up to my last post about the " I was raped " t- shirt , I want to highlight another comment on that NY Times blog post which expresses a popular desire to be able to decide how and when rape survivors can communicate to others .
Here is the comment by James ( with emphasis added by me )
I believe the majority of posters here that are in opposition to this T - shirt as a form of expression for victims is not so much driven by a close - minded opinion that victims should remain silent , but rather by the context in which it is displayed .
Most people wear “ statement ” t- shirts as a form of carefree expression , about not - so - touchy topics , which this topic might very well be depending on the person .
Regardless if this is my best friend , or a stranger on the street , and regardless of where I see it ( restaurant , his / her home , etc ) , the question still remains for the observer , “ Why are you choosing to express yourself in this manner , and why right now ?
What am I supposed to say ?
Do I stay silent ? ”
The problem is , we do n’t all respond to ( or interpret ) these messages alike .
It puts your audience in a state of question , and uneasiness .
Perhaps they are n’t prepared to discuss this , even if they are in support of your expression .
It ’s just not something society is ( or can be expected to ) be subjected to in an uncontrolled environment .
As others have suggested , it seems more reasonable if this were aimed as a form of group - expression , where it was made as a demonstration en-masse .
I agree .
But with that said , even if 1 of 3 people are victims , and even if every single one of them had a t - shirt like this , the likelihood they will all wear it on a regular basis to make that statement is just not reasonable .
It ’s not just “ another ” t- shirt .
People wo n’t wear this for recreation , and if they do then it does n’t seem as if they would be trying to drive conversation as we would like to think .
I think the notion of expressing yourself by means of a simple t- shirt , about any topic , never adequately warrants a real basis for further and constructive conversation .
It ’s just not a medium that can be taken very seriously in the first place .
There are more intelligent means to express yourself , and just because society might be shocked to see this , does n’t mean shocking them will help .
I ’m not a victim of rape , nor do I have any friends who have shared that experience with me .
However , as a member of a rational society , I think conversing with a T - shirt , no matter what your intended message , is not the message you want to send out for topics such as these .
Society is not against you .
But I would n’t venture that you can just go about making changes ( personal or societal ) without regard to your audience .
It ’s just does n’t seem an appropriate means of expression in my humble opinion .
First , there is nothing humble about this comment .
He and other non-survivors are assigning themselves the right to control the acceptable forms of communication used by rape survivors .
To defend this right he uses elevating words like intelligent , reasonable and rational for himself and those who agree with him which clearly implies that these words do n't apply to those who disagree with him .
Not surprisingly , he uses demeaning phrases like " would n't venture that you can just go about making changes , " " not reasonable " and " does n't seem an appropriate " for rape survivors who do n't agree with him .
He gives himself away with his backhanded admissions " not so much driven by a closed - minded opinion " and " Society is not against you .
But ... "
What society should n't be subjected to is the occurance of rape or any form of sexual violence .
Demanding that rape survivors help maintian the illusion that rape does n't happen to those you see is in direct opposition to rape prevention .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : awareness , prevention , Violence Against Women
What we need are several incidents where the intended victim turns the tables on the attackers .
The NYC subway case involving Bernhard Goetz is an example .
The " youths " approached Goetz because he fit their profile ( it 's interesting how they profile but law enforcement cannot ) of the perfect victim .
A thin , bespectacled , bookish looking White man .
Armed with their screwdrivers they were confident that this nerdy " cracker " would be unarmed , would shrink in fear , plead with them not to hurt him and surrender whatever they demanded .
They were also confident that there would be no intervention in Goetz 's behalf on the part of the other passengers on the train .
Goetz had been victimized before and this time he was armed and prepared .
Although Goetz suffered the legal consequences of his actions ( He would have been better off had he dispatched them to the next life ) , he became a folk hero in the minds of many Americans who were sick to Hell of the epidemic of violence against decent citizens by the predators .
The violence has worsened here in the USA .
The predators profile their victims and select the elderly for their weakness and women for rape and murder ( the horrific murders of Lauren Burke and Eve Carson last week is a typical and all too frequent example . )
College coeds seem to be a highly at risk group these days .
The two coeds were imbued with idealism and the love of " diversity " and to the point where they were oblivious to the danger to themselves .
I can't even imagine what their families are suffering right now .
This will stop only when the predators begin to be afraid .
If all the passengers on that train had come to the defense of those young guys and had beaten those " youths " to a condition where they would never be the same again , it might have inspired the rest of the Dutch population to take a new direction in their relations with their invaders .
Today was a big day for BBC iPlayer : it 's the day that it first became available on a portable device .
BBCiPlayer is now available on iPhone and iPod touch .
To play BBC programmes on your iPhone or iPod touch , you 'll need to be online via a wi- fi broadband connection ( the iPhone 's EDGE connectivity is too slow for streaming video ) .
BBCiPlayer on iPhone is a beta version right now , so if you find some programmes are n't available on iPhone or you get the occasional oddity ... yep , we 're working on it .
Ever since we announced that we were working on BBC iPlayer for iPhone , there 's been a lot of speculation in the blogosphere as to how it would work .
Would we use Apple 's new iPhone SDK ?
Would we use the rumoured Flash for iPhone ?
What video format and bitrate would we choose ?
And which devices will we support next ...?
So , for those interested in a behind - the - scenes look , here 's the low - down ...
First up , we can divide portable and gaming devices into those that include a web browser ( iPhone , Nintendo Wii , Nokia N95 , etc ) and those that do n't ( Apple TV , Xbox , most mobile phones , most home media servers , etc ) .
For devices with browsers , assuming that those browsers are able to access and display the BBC iPlayer website , getting BBC iPlayer working on those devices " merely " [ see below ] requires us to provide audio and / or video streams in a format that is supported by the media player ( s ) available on that device .
For devices without browsers , it becomes necessary to create custom applications that users need to install and run on that device .
There 's little standardisation across devices , and creating these custom apps is time - consuming and expensive ; so for now , we 're focusing on browser - enabled devices .
We started with iPhone because it is the device most optimised for high quality video currently available .
It displays the BBC iPlayer site and BBC programmes nicely .
But - go on , speculate !
- we 're working on making BBCiPlayer available on many more browser - enabled devices over the coming months : stay tuned for details ...
Back to BBC iPlayer on iPhone implementation : we 're not using the new Apple SDK , nor are we using the much - rumoured Flash for iPhone ( no - we have n't seen it , either ) .
Instead , we 're creating 516 Kbps streams ( 400 Kbps H.264 video , 116 Kbps AAC audio ) that show off BBC programmes brilliantly on an iPhone .
There 's been a lot of press about the amount of money that the BBC spent developing iPlayer , but what most people do n't realise is that only a small fraction of the cost went into the parts that you see ( i.e. , the web site ) , with most of the cost going into the development of a high - quality content production backend that 's able to crank out 400 hours of content each week to the BBC 's high standards ( frame - accurate in and out points ; manual quality control ; provision of subtitled and signed versions ; guidance - labelling for stuff not suitable for children ; rich metadata , etc ) .
That probably does n't sound too hard , but consider this : every day , tapes for the programmes that you see on TV ( the pre-recorded ones , not live events ) are retrieved from our secure archive facility , delivered to our playout centre at Red Bee Media , and sequenced for playout to TV .
As you 've probably noticed , BBC One hardly ever goes down , so this system has been optimised over many years and is tightly run .
Into that process we needed to add the transcoding of that content for our various iPlayer platforms , including PC iPlayer ( e.g. the one available at www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer), TV iPlayer ( available soon on Virgin Media ) , and now portable devices .
This means that every programme needs to be transcoded in a Flash version ( for PC streaming ) , a WMV version ( Windows PC download ) , MPEG2 ( TV set - top box ) , H.264 ( web browser ) , and a variety of other formats coming soon .
To do this , we have a transcoding farm of over 50 rack - mount PCs , most of which are running really fast dual quad - core Xeon CPUs .
As content arrives off tape ( for pre-recorded programmes ) or off - air ( from our digital satellite links , for live content like news and sport ) , it 's fed into the transcoding platform .
Those input files are encoded at over 50 M bps which makes them huge - around 25 GB per hour of incoming video .
With eight BBC TV channels plus 18 regional news broadcasts , that means we need to deal with up to 24 simultaneous incoming programmes , for a peak data rate of over a gigabit per second of incoming video .
We now need to transcode those source files into each supported output format .
The various file formats take different amounts of time to transcode - it takes roughly twice as much CPU time to create a 1 M bps WMV files as it takes to create a 500 Kbps Flash file , which is why you 'll sometimes see programmes in iPlayer that are available for streaming but not ( yet ) for download ; the downloadable version usually arrives an hour or so later .
The transcoded files are then " pushed " to streaming and p2p download head - end servers , and rights management ( i.e. content encryption ) applied as needed .
Separately , programme metadata is delivered into our database .
As soon as both metadata and the first of the available media files for a given programme have been received and are confirmed ( all automatically , of course ) by our system , then that programme becomes available in BBC iPlayer .
We 've recently added a just in section ( " Most Recent " ) to the bbc.co.uk BBC iPlayer homepage so you can see this in action - every few minutes , this section is updated , showing the latest content that 's arrived into our system and made available in iPlayer .
Looking at the BBCiPlayer website , it all looks pretty simple - but beneath the hood , there 's a lot of moving parts to deal with those real - time high - bitrate long - format incoming programmes , to process them , to QC them , and to make them available in BBC iPlayer , 24/7 .
The challenge is to continuously enhance that transcoding platform to support a whole host of new formats to make BBC iPlayer available in the coming months at higher and higher display resolution and quality , and on more and more devices .
Which mobile , portable or gaming device would you like to see it on next ?
There 's lots of exciting things to work on !
Anthony Rose is Head of Digital Media Technologies
Zimbabwe 's opposition were in contact with senior military and intelligence officials last night to persuade them to respect the results of the election as pressure grew on Robert Mugabe , the president , to recognise defeat .
Sources in the opposition Movement for Democratic Change said the contacts were aimed at winning the security establishment 's support or , at the least , ensuring it did not intervene to overturn what appeared to be a clear victory for Morgan Tsvangirai over Mugabe .
Tsvangirai said last night the MDC would release its final results today confirming his victory and he called on the government 's electoral commission to respect the will of the people by immediately releasing the official presidential results .
" There is no way the MDC will enter into any deal before [ the electoral commission ] has announced the official results , " he said at a press conference in Harare .
" Our country is on the precipice , on the cliff edge , as we wait . "
Tsvangirai said there would be no negotiations with Mugabe until after the results were released , but MDC officials confirmed there have been high - level contacts with elements of the ruling Zanu - PF party and the security institutions .
But as much - delayed results continued to trickle in from the election commission amid allegations that it is manipulating the count , Zanu - PF remained defiant .
It conceded that Mugabe may not have won an outright victory but said he would win a run -off election if no candidate won more than 50 % of the vote .
The MDC 's secretary general , Tendai Biti , dismissed as " complete rubbish " a BBC report that they were close to a deal that would see Mugabe step down .
On Monday , Tsvangirai approached the former army chief Solomon Mujuru , who is still a powerful figure within the military , to say the MDC was prepared to discuss the security establishment 's concerns and reassure it that a transfer of power would not lead to prosecutions for past crimes or a purge .
That contact has now broadened .
The MDC is also reaching out to elements of Zanu - PF through a third presidential candidate , Simba Makoni , a former finance minister who broke with the president but still has party support .
The sources said they did not believe that the officials were negotiating on behalf of Mugabe , who has previously said the opposition would never govern Zimbabwe .
But the opposition calculates that winning support within the military for respecting the election results would make it considerably harder for Mugabe to cling to power .
The MDC also reached out to more moderate elements of Zanu - PF , including members of parliament with whom it has had a working relationship .
A knowledgeable party source said the contacts were evidence that support for Mugabe within Zanu - PF was beginning to erode in the face of defeat .
" Mugabe and some of those around him decided to try and brazen it out by fixing the results , " said the source .
" But Zanu - PF is not united .
It has taken a big blow that it did n't expect and there are important people who recognise that they cannot go against the will of the people .
They are shocked and do not have the spirit to go down fighting for Mugabe . "
Mugabe 's security cabinet of senior security and party officials decided on Sunday night not to recognise defeat in the presidential and parliamentary vote , and that the electoral commission - which was withholding the results - should fix them to deny Tsvangirai victory .
MDC officials said the accounts they received of the tone of that meeting hours later had the party worried that the government might cancel the election and arrest opposition leaders , or that the military might intervene .
Before the election the army chief , Constantine Chiwenga , said he would not recognise an MDC victory but the opposition said other officers were not prepared to go against the will of the people and prop up a defeated government that has no apparent strategy to rescue the country from hyperinflation , food shortages and deepening poverty .
The military leadership must also be concerned about the loyalty of ordinary soldiers , many of whom will have voted for the opposition because they can barely feed their families .
The election commission began releasing results the morning after the security cabinet meeting although only piecemeal for the lower house .
Of the 132 seats declared so far , Zanu - PF had won 64 and the MDC 62 .
Six others went to a breakaway faction of the MDC .
Three government ministers have lost their seats .
But Zanu - PF had a substantial lead in the total number of votes cast - 480,000 to 400,000 for the MDC from the first 90 seats - leading the opposition to conclude that the electoral commission is gradually loading the count in favour of Mugabe .
No presidential results have been released .
However , overturning the opposition 's victory through fraud would be difficult and Zanu - PF officials conceded Mugabe may not have won an outright victory .
The MDC say its calculations give it 60 % of the presidential vote to 30 % for Mugabe .
Independent poll monitors give Tsvangirai between 50 % and 55 % .
But the party 's election strategists said they were prepared for a run-off if necessary and they believed Tsvangirai would win with the support of ousted opposition candidates .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. drivers faced more pain at the pump as the average price for gasoline reached a record $ 3.60 a gallon on Monday and truckers went to Capitol Hill to protest soaring diesel fuel costs .
A sign advertising the cost of premium gas at $ 3.99 per gallon is seen at a gas station as a taxi driver fills his car with fuel in New York , April 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
The national price for regular , self - service gasoline skyrocketed 9.5 cents over the last week to a new high and is up 63 cents from a year ago , the federal Energy Information Administration said in its survey of service stations .
The pump price has jumped 21 cents a gallon in the last two weeks alone and is expected to keep climbing , due to high crude oil costs that on Monday reached a record $ 119.93 a barrel at the New York Mercantile Exchange .
The White House said there was nothing the government could do to help lower gasoline prices this spring and summer .
“ I think it would be disingenuous and unfortunate for American consumers for them to be led to believe that there is a short - term fix .
There ’s not going to be one , ” White House press secretary Dana Perino told reporters on Monday .
For the long term , Perino said the U.S. needed to increase its domestic oil production so there would be more petroleum supplies in the market .
There actually is some relief arriving in the mail this week as American began receiving their economic stimulus checks .
The Bush administration wants consumers to spend the money and give a kick to the sputtering U.S. economy .
Some economists say consumers may instead use their stimulus checks to help cover their rising gasoline costs .
The EIA ’s weekly survey of service stations showed gasoline was the most expensive on the West Coast at $ 3.79 a gallon , up 5.2 cents .
San Francisco had the highest city price at $ 3.92 , also up 5.2 cents .
The Rocky Mountain states had the lowest regional price at $ 3.48 a gallon , up 6.2 cents .
Houston had the best bargain at the pump , up 8.1 cents at $ 3.47 .
Separately , the average price paid for diesel fuel reached a record of $ 4.18 a gallon , up 3.4 cents in the last week and $ 1.37 higher than a year ago , the EIA said .
The central Atlantic states had the most expensive diesel at $ 4.38 a gallon , up 0.6 cent .
The Gulf Coast region had the cheapest fuel at $ 4.11 , up 3.6 cents , the EIA said .
Truckers on Monday drove their big rigs through downtown Washington , blowing their horns and holding a rally at the Capitol to protest high diesel prices .
It costs about $ 1,200 to fuel up a tractor trailer .
“ I can understand the frustration and concerns that they have , and obviously this eats into their bottom lines , and also into their pay , ” Perino said .
Rising fuel costs could increase the cost of goods transported by trucks , including food , retail and manufactured goods , further reducing the impact of the stimulus checks .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below . )
WASHINGTON --
Hard times may have settled over Wall Street , but campaign cash from banks and securities firms has flooded Washington as Congress and the White House gird for a regulatory revamp of the financial industry .
The Democrats ' 2006 retaking of Congress and perhaps the heated presidential race have sharply tilted Wall Street donations toward Democrats , though nearly every politician and both major parties are recipients of this largesse .
Data gathered by the Center For Responsive Politics , a nonpartisan Washington group whose opensecrets.org
Web site tracks political giving , reckons that the banking - and - investment industry is giving nearly twice as much to Democrats as to Republicans in the 2008 cycle .
Based on records from 2007 through January , the center calculates that the Democratic Party has raked in about $ 15.1 million from employees and political action committees of banks and investment companies , compared to $ 7.7 million for Republicans .
The numbers for March , a traditionally heavy month for campaign fund - raisers , have yet to be reported .
In the 2004 cycle , the center said , the campaign cash was more equally distributed , with Republicans hauling in $ 22 million compared with $ 19.5 million for Democrats .
It never fails that every day , someone will leave a comment asking us why we spend so much time watching news shows and pointing out Republican framing and other types of media bias .
This is why .
The author of a bizarre virus which threatened to kill file - sharers has been arrested in Japan .
Has he been arrested for making death threats ?
No !
For writing the virus ?
No !
This is the 21st century .
He 's been arrested for copyright infringement , of course .
Early March 2007 , we reported about a bizarre virus circulating on the Winny network .
It was quite unique , in that it taunted file - sharers , threatened to report them to the police and even threatened to kill them .
“ This is a visit from the prevalent Piro virus !
Stop P2P !
If you do n’t I ’ll tell the police ! ” it exclaimed , while another message threatened : “ Ah , I see you are using P2P againâ€¦â€ ¦if you do n’t stop within 0.5 seconds , I ’m going to kill you ! ”
Graham Cluley , a consultant for Sophos said of the virus : “ This is one of the most bizarre pieces of malware we have seen in our labs for quite some time , but it ’s data - destroying payload is no laughing matter . ”
Now , the Japanese police say that they have apprehended the three man gang responsible for the creation and distribution of the virus .
One man wrote the code , they say , and the others placed it on file - sharing network , Winny .
However , due to Japanese law , it ’s going to be tricky for the police to nail someone for creating the malware .
They have a trick up their sleeve though , explains Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant for Sophos : “ It is n’t illegal to write viruses in Japan , so the author of the Trojan horse has been arrested for breaching copyright because he used cartoon graphics without permission in his malware . ”
The virus creator is a a 24 year old graduate student from Izumisano City in Osaka .
It ’s claimed he illegally used copyrighted images from an anime television show to create the virus .
The other two members of the group – a 39 year old man from Osaka and a 35 year old man from Hyogo – were also arrested for copyright offenses , unrelated to the virus .
The men are suspected of uploading anime episodes onto the Winny network .
One of the images from the virus includes a song about fish - shaped pancakes stuffed with jam , which makes about as much sense as arresting a virus creator for copyright infringement .
But hey , this is the 21st century – what did you expect ?
Ancient Roads [ Image : Walking an " ancient road " in Vermont ; photo by Joseph Sywenkyj for The New York Times ] .
Half - forgotten slashes of land , cutting through , around , and over the hills of Vermont , might actually be " ancient roads , " dating back to colonial times – and a 2006 state law has given the residents of nearby towns a strong incentive for uncovering these buried throughways .
According to
In almost all cases , they 've barely even left terrestrial traces ; in fact , as we 'll see , their presence is almost entirely textual .
If these roads can be re-discovered , however , then they can be added to official town lands .
Accordingly : Some towns , content to abandon the overgrown roads that crisscross their valleys and hills , are forgoing the project .
But many more have recruited teams to comb through old documents , make lists of whatever roads they find evidence of , plot them on maps and set out to locate them .
And , in what is surely one of the most interesting geographical subplots in recent newspaper publishing , we read : " Even for history buffs , the challenge is steep : evidence of ancient roads may be scattered through antique record books , incomplete or hard to make sense of . "
Indeed , like something out of the poetry of
[ Image : A hand - written inventory of Vermont 's ancient routes ; photo by Joseph Sywenkyj for The New York Times ] .
While making sense of cryptic references to lost byways is fascinating in and of itself , these acts of perambulatory interpretation are part of a much larger , fairly mundane attempt to end " fights between towns and landowners whose property abuts or even intersects ancient roads . "
In the most infamous legal battle , the town of Chittenden blocked a couple from adding on to their house , saying the addition would encroach on an ancient road laid out in 1793 .
Town officials forced a showdown when they arrived on the property with chain saws one day in 2004 , intending to cut down trees and bushes on the road until the police intervened .
The
Think of it as
So what would happen , then , if you discovered that an ancient road actually passes through your house – that your living room is a former throughway , and old paths knot and twirl off to every side , one leading right through the guest bedroom ?
And then another road pops up , and another – and you realize that you live on the intersecting scars of a lost built environment , some old village that
I 'm also curious , though , to see what might happen if such a law was passed in a city like London .
In an old but interesting
More to the point here , entire streets have disappeared : " Catherine Street , Jewin Street , Golden Place are just three of the vanished thoroughfares named in a litany of sorrowful mysteries , " our reviewer points out .
" Other streets have been curtailed .
Swallow Street has been swallowed by burgeoning London .
Grub Street has been renamed Milton Street . "
So what if someone who liked " getting out and looking for hints of ancient roads " were to set about such a task elsewhere ?
I 'm reminded here of China Miéville 's short story "
[ Image : An old Roman road in Britain ; photo via Historic UK ] .
But what to make of entire unstable geographies that flash in and out of county land registers , with distant echoes appearing in the hand - written captions of family albums and in old , yellowing letters between loved ones ?
Could you re-trace ancient roads based on such sources ?
What if the county 's land archivist was
Perhaps it'd be a bit like reconstructing all of postwar Berlin , or Dresden , or Hiroshima , based only on geographical descriptions found in the journals of former residents .
How piece together a whole city from a position of extreme textual remove ?
I suppose the answer to that question might be found in Vermont over the next few months , with people jogging up and down hillsides , and in and out of archives , tracking down the specters of an older terrain – territorial marks of a vanished world on top of which they 've been living all along .
( Of interest , earlier on BLDGBLOG : Ancient Lights and Z ) .
Half - forgotten slashes of land , cutting through , around , and over the hills of Vermont , might actually be " ancient roads , " dating back to colonial times – and a 2006 state law has given the residents of nearby towns a strong incentive for uncovering these buried throughways .
According to The New York Times , " citizen volunteers are poring over record books with a common , increasingly urgent purpose : finding evidence of every road ever legally created in their towns , including many that are now impassable and all but unobservable . "
These " elusive roads " – many of them " now all but unrecognizable as byways " – are lost routes , connecting equally erased destinations .
In almost all cases , they 've barely even left terrestrial traces ; in fact , as we 'll see , their presence is almost entirely If these roads can be re-discovered , however , then they can be added to official town lands .
Accordingly : And , in what is surely one of the most interesting geographical subplots in recent newspaper publishing , we read : " Even for history buffs , the challenge is steep : evidence of ancient roads may be scattered through antique record books , incomplete or hard to make sense of .
" Indeed , like something out of the poetry of Paul calf Met , or even William Carlos Williams , the descriptions found in these old documents are narrative , impressionistic , and vague .
They " might be , ' Starting at Abel Turner ’s front door and going to so - and - so ’s sawmill , ' said Aaron Worthley , a member of the ancient roads committee in Huntington , southeast of Burlington .
' But the house might have burned down 100 years ago .
And even if not , is the front door still where it was in 1815 ?
These are the kinds of questions we ’re dealing with .
'" While making sense of cryptic references to lost byways is fascinating in and of itself , these acts of perambulatory interpretation are part of a much larger , fairly mundane attempt to end " fights between towns and landowners whose property abuts or even intersects ancient roads .
" The article refers to one local , a lawyer , who explains that " he loved getting out and looking for hints of ancient roads : parallel stone walls or rows of old - growth trees about 50 feet apart .
Old culverts are clues , too , as are cellar holes that suggest people lived there ; if so , a road probably passed nearby .
" Think of it as landscape hermeneutics : hunting down traces of a disappeared landscape .
So what would happen , then , if you discovered that an ancient road actually passes – that your living room is a former throughway , and old paths knot and twirl off to every side , one leading right through the guest bedroom ?
And then another road pops up , and another – and you realize that you live on the intersecting scars of a lost built environment , some old village that disappeared or was destroyed in some H.P. Lovecraft - like enigmatic disaster .
I'm also curious , though , to see what might happen if such a law was passed in a city like London .
In an old but interesting review of London : City of Disappearances , a book edited by Iain Sinclair , we 're told that London " is a city of the forgotten . "
It is where anyone " can still disappear without trace . "
Indeed , London is a city " built upon lost things " ; it " towers above forgotten underground rivers and discarded tunnels .
It is built upon old graveyards and burial pits .
" More to the point here , entire streets have disappeared : " Catherine Street , Jewin Street , Golden Place are just three of the vanished thoroughfares named in a litany of sorrowful mysteries , " our reviewer points out .
" Other streets have been curtailed .
Swallow Street has been swallowed by burgeoning London .
Grub Street has been renamed Milton Street .
" So what if someone who liked " getting out and looking for hints of ancient roads " were to set about such a task elsewhere ?
I 'm reminded here of China Miéville 's short story " Reports of Certain Events in London " – a perennial reference on BLDGBLOG – in which " unstable " streets appear and disappear throughout the city .
One night they 're there , the next night they 're not .
But what to make of entire unstable geographies that flash in and out of county land registers , with distant echoes appearing in the hand - written captions of family albums and in old , yellowing letters between loved ones ?
Could you re-trace ancient roads based on such sources ?
What if the county 's land archivist was Borges Perhaps it'd be a bit like reconstructing all of postwar Berlin , or Dresden , or Hiroshima , based only on geographical descriptions found in the journals of former residents .
How piece together a whole city from a position of extreme textual remove ?
I suppose the answer to that question might be found in Vermont over the next few months , with people jogging up and down hillsides , and in and out of archives , tracking down the specters of an older terrain – territorial marks of a vanished world on top of which they 've been living all along .
Newer | Older
The global run on food that has led to shortages and riots in Egypt , Haiti and other nations has made its way to U.S. shores .
Concerned about rising prices and limited supplies of staples such as rice and flour , customers across the country have been cleaning out the shelves at big - box retailers , including Wal - Mart Stores Inc. 's Sam ’s Club and Costco Wholesale Corp. stores .
On Wednesday , Sam ’s Club said customers would no longer be allowed to purchase more than four bags of jasmine , basmati or long - grain white rice on each visit .
Sam ’s Club blamed the restriction on “ supply and demand trends ” and said it was working with suppliers “ to ensure we are in stock . ”
Advertisement
The policy involves only bags weighing 20 pounds or more and does not affect smaller packages sold at the store or its sister Wal - Mart outlets .
This week , Costco said it had seen sales of flour , rice and some cooking oils leap .
Some Costco stores already have held customers to just two bags of rice a day , but the chain does n’t plan to limit sales nationwide .
By midafternoon Wednesday , the Costco in Alhambra -- which had not placed limits on purchases -- said it had run out of rice .
Earlier in the day , Michael Yang , manager of Hawaiian barbecue restaurants in Pico Rivera and West Covina , had decided it was time to stock up .
He bought 46 bags of medium - grain rice , 50 pounds each , at the Alhambra Costco and loaded them into his white van .
Advertisement
He paid $ 15.39 each , which he called a bargain compared with premium brands from Thailand that have recently nearly doubled in price to $ 40 for a 50 - pound bag .
“ The price of everything -- oil , sugar -- has been going up for months , and rice has been an issue for a few weeks already .
Everyone else is doing the same thing I am because they use up their rice so fast , ” Yang said in Mandarin .
Prices for many foods , including beer , bread , coffee , pizza and rice , are rising rapidly as the nation contends with its worst bout of food inflation since 1990 .
The cost of groceries is climbing at an annual rate of about 5 % this year .
Retail experts said there was little evidence of “ panic ” hoarding by the public .
It appears that restaurants and smaller retailers have been buying up most of the stock on the expectation that prices will continue to rise .
Advertisement
Still , shoppers ’ actions have taken some stores by surprise .
“ It is like a run on the bank .
We do n’t think there is a shortage , it is just increased shopping by customers who think there is , ” said Richard Galanti , Costco ’s chief financial officer .
For now , the retailer is allowing managers of stores with short supplies to set their own rules .
Other retailers report adequate supplies .
“ Ralphs has plenty of rice .
No shortages at any of our stores , ” said Terry O’Neil , spokesman for Ralphs Grocery Co .
Advertisement
When Heidi Diep visited the Costco in Alhambra last week seeking rice for her Chinese fast - food restaurant in Silver Lake , the store was out of stock .
It had plenty of rice when Diep went back Wednesday , but , thanks to shoppers like Diep and Yang , ran out again .
“ I picked up as much as I could , ” Diep said as she hauled a dozen 50 - pound bags of Super Lucky Elephant rice and 10 bags of 25 - pound long grain into her van and her sister ’s sedan .
The businesswoman said she was stockpiling the grain to avoid future price increases and a repeat of the week when it could n’t be found .
Internationally , shortages of basic commodities -- including rice , wheat and some oils -- have led to protests and riots in recent months , prompting concern about food security in many poor countries .
Advertisement
With the exception of rising prices , the U.S. has escaped the problems seen in other countries .
Some brewers have complained of shortages of certain types of hops for making high - end beers , and bakers have scrambled to find some specialty flours .
If the shortages expand to other food products that can be easily stored , the U.S. economy may take a hit .
Runs on staples such as rice have consequences for the larger economy by adding to inflation and making it harder for the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates to ease problems in the financial and housing markets , said Milton Ezrati , an economist at investment firm Lord , Abbett & Co. in Jersey City , N.J .
The U.S. run on rice is mostly a consumer reaction to international headlines combined with domestic food inflation that turns into a self - fulfilling prophecy , Ezrati said .
Advertisement
The futures - market price of U.S. - grown long - grain rice -- the type that is in short supply worldwide -- has risen 73 % this year to $ 24.82 for 100 pounds as other countries shut off exports .
More heavy purchasing of rice will just move American inventory from warehouses and store shelves into cupboards or the storerooms of restaurants , putting pressure on supplies and prices and “ compounding the problem , ” Ezrati said .
Since the fall , large producers such as Vietnam , India and Egypt have banned or limited rice exports to keep a lid on domestic food prices .
China , another major producer , has taxed rice exports .
But there is no dearth of rice in the United States .
The Department of Agriculture projects U.S. rice supplies this year will be 8.3 million tons , nearly unchanged for the last seven years .
Because Americans consume just 10 % to 15 % of what people in Asia ’s big rice - eating nations eat , there ’s plenty for domestic use , said Nathan Childs , a USDA market analyst .
Rice consumption in the U.S. is so low that as much as half of the domestic crop is exported .
Advertisement
Most rice is eaten within 100 miles of where it is grown .
Just 8 % of world production actually trades internationally , Childs said .
So these new export limits and taxes have had an outsize effect on prices , he said .
That ’s made for a rough time for Thomas Chan , manager of the ABC Cafe in Monterey Park .
At least 70 % of his customers order rice .
The cafe now purchases 100 large bags of rice each month as backup , Chan said .
“ Without a steady supply , what do we have to give to customers ? ”
--
Advertisement
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
--
Begin text of infobox
Advertisement
A food that sustains half the world
Soaring prices for rice , a staple for more than half the world ’s population , are leading to shortages , government protection of domestic stocks and even political unrest in some poorer countries .
* Most of the 3 billion - plus people for whom rice is a staple are in Asia .
But it is also an essential food in parts of Africa and the Caribbean .
* About 645 million tons of rice was grown in 114 countries in 2007 .
Rocketing prices have caused several countries to ban or restrict exports , as growing appetites in China and India , drought in Australia and pests in Vietnam add to fears that millions of people may be cut off .
Advertisement
* Thailand , which ships one - third of the world ’s rice exports , may follow its Asian neighbors in limiting sales .
That would further tighten supplies and send prices higher .
* There ’s no shortage of rice in the United States .
The nation exports as much as half of its crop each year .
* A member of the grass family , rice was first farmed about 10,000 years ago .
Thought to be native to deltas around the Ganges , Yangtze , Tigris and Euphrates rivers , rice now grows on every continent except Antarctica .
As well as being cooked , the grain is processed to make cakes , wine , flour and vinegar .
--
Advertisement
Times research and Reuters
What Happens When Wives Stop Obeying Husbands
' The Father 's Role in Society ' An Address by Dr. Daniel Amneus ( 1995 )
( Cited as an example of the Decline of the Family )
This conference was called by Governor Wilson because of the widespread concern about crime , educational failure , drugs , social decay , etc. and the perception that these are connected with family breakdown , in particular with the erosion of the weakest link in the family , the father 's role .
Anthropologist Margaret Mead has emphasized that , unlike the mother 's role , which is biologically based , the father 's role is a social creation .
Male dogs and cats have no reproductive importance after their minuscule sexual performance is over .
The emergence of a similar male rolelessness in the inner cities was becoming apparent some decades ago and is now becoming obvious in the larger society .
At present the law appears to be less concerned with how to strengthen families than with how to provide for ex-families or fatherless families created by illegitimacy .
It is becoming better understood that these fatherless families breed most of the criminal and underachieving classes .
Many politicians think the problem is one of punishing the male criminals generated by such fatherless families — building more prisons , hiring more police , passing " three - strike " laws , squeezing money out of ex-husbands ( " deadbeat dads " ) for the purpose of subsidizing ex-wives or ex-girlfriends and " their " children .
Success in providing for these fatherless families means there will be more of them , that fathers will become still less needed and less motivated , and in consequence there will be further weakening of families and more of the resulting pathology this conference is concerned about .
The weakening of male motivation means less male productivity , less male willingness to undertake family responsibilities , more fatherless families , more fatherless children , more crime , less economic growth .
A society which cannot motivate its men to be family providers will deteriorate , as ours is doing .
A society which threatens husbands with a fifty percent divorce rate combined with virtually automatic loss of children and home and property is forfeiting this motivation .
It is too little understood how male motivation is related not only to family and social stability but to the economic growth of society .
Thanks to family stability and the male motivation it created , the twenty years following World War II were a period of astonishing , indeed unprecedented , growth .
America 's industrial plant , already the wonder of the world during the war , doubled during those twenty years , the Gross National Product grew 250 percent and per capita income increased 35 percent between 1945 - 1960 — as much as it had during the previous half century .
Joseph Satin could say , " Never had so many people been so well off . "
William Baumol could say , " The future can be left to take care of itself . "
That was when families were stable — and headed by fathers .
America 's prosperity was based on growth , not on trying to pinch budgets here and there , to squeeze one program in order to finance another , to borrow from next year 's revenues .
As family stability eroded , so did the growth .
In 1989 , ' Sixty Minutes ' ran a program called " New York Is Falling Apart " , showing streets sinking into the ground , bridges collapsing , Mayor Koch closing the Williamsburg Bridge on the grounds that it is " better to be inconvenienced and safe than to be convenienced and dead . "
Judith Wallerstein says only half of the male students she followed in her study of divorced families completed college , forty percent of the young men were drifting — on a downward educational course , out of school , unemployed .
When so many of them have seen their fathers expelled from the homes they bought for their families , when they themselves face the same fifty percent chance of divorce and the loss of their children and their role , they wonder why they should work as their fathers and grandfathers did in the years after the War .
If you ask a man why he works at his job , he will bring out his wallet and show you pictures of his family .
This motivation has been weakened even for the lucky fifty percent who still have families .
Males have lost confidence that society wants them to be heads of families rather than providers for ex-families .
This is what men hear when President Clinton tells them , " We will find you .
We will make you pay . "
Most men still would like to be fathers , but our society is giving them little assurance that they can have families — that they will be able to spend their own paychecks to provide for their own families rather than to subsidize ex-wives and pay for other things judges and bureaucrats deem proper .
Adults Created By Fatherless Families
A judge will try a divorce case in the morning and place the children in the mother 's custody .
He will try a criminal case in the afternoon and send a man to prison for robbing a liquor store .
The chances are three out of four that the criminal he sends to prison grew up in a female headed household just like the one he himself created that morning when he tried the divorce case .
He can't see any connection between the two cases .
The reason he can't is the time lag .
The children he placed in the mother 's custody were perhaps toddlers who would not yet rob liquor stores or breed illegitimate children .
But they will grow older .
They will become teenagers , boys capable of committing crimes of violence , girls capable of breeding illegitimate children .
And then the chickens will come home to roost .
In 1980 , crime increased by a startling seventeen percent .
L.A. Police Chief Daryl Gates was flabbergasted .
Nothing in the economy , he said , could account for such an increase .
What did account for it was the huge increase in divorce and illegitimacy in the mid-1960s — plus the anti-male bias of the divorce courts which changed the father headed families into female headed families .
The judges who placed the children in these families hoped they could force the fathers they exiled to subsidize the families they destroyed — to pay to have their children brought up in female headed households where they were more likely to be abused , neglected , impoverished , delinquent and sexually confused .
They would like to blame the fathers for their own inability to create an alternative to the family .
The welfare system is equally responsible for subsidizing ( therefore creating ) female headed households .
Like the divorce court judges , welfare bureaucrats would like to make biological fathers pay .
They fail to understand what Margaret Mead explained , that fatherhood is not a matter of biology but a social creation .
If these ( merely ) biological fathers are to pay , they must become ( or be allowed to remain ) real fathers in Mead 's sense , men with a role such as that taken away from ex-husbands by the divorce court .
They need to be given better motivation than " We will find you .
We will make you pay . "
This latter motivation will not create real fathers .
Real fathers must be created , as Mead says , by society .
Our society is doing the opposite — destroying millions of fathers through its divorce courts and its welfare system .
Much of the social breakdown now going on is the result of the attempt to find taxpayer - funded alternatives and ex-husband - funded alternatives to fatherhood , the creation of which must always be one of society 's primary responsibilities .
The anthropologist Bronislaw Malinowski said that if the family ever ceases to be the pivotal institution of society , we shall be confronted with a social catastrophe compared to which the French Revolution and the Bolshevik Revolution are insignificant .
There is no substitute for it .
We should stop trying to find one and recognize that the weakness of today 's family is the consequence of society 's failure to support the father 's role , the role most in need of society 's support .
The biological weakness of the father 's role is not a reason for throwing fathers out of the family but a reason for strengthening their role within it .
A Georgia judge named Robert Noland routinely places children in the mother 's custody when he tries a divorce case , and justifies what he does by saying ,
" I ain't never seen a calf following a bull .
They always follow the cow .
So I always give custody to the mamas . "
The reason Judge Noland never saw a calf following a bull is that cattle do n't live in two - parent households .
If we want to live like cattle , Judge Noland has the right idea .
The recent raid of the fundamentalist Mormon home in Texas illustrates the incredible degree to which even local and state police forces have become militarized .
In search of a sixteen - year - old female who had reportedly been abused by her 50 - year - old husband , police agencies from six counties , the Texas Rangers and the wildlife authorities appeared ready for an all - out military confrontation .
“ Images released Tuesday show police entering the Yearning for Zion ranch on April 3 wearing body armor and carrying automatic weapons , backed by an armored personnel carrier . ”
Thankfully , the Mormon family did not resist , and instead responded with non-violent prayer , for it might have descended into a violent conflagration as in Waco , where about 80 civilians , including two dozen children , died from being shot , burned and gassed in an ATF publicity stunt gone awry .
The lesson seems to be that if your home is being called a “ compound ” under siege , the choice is resistance , which would put your kids at risk of being killed by the government — or simply surrendering , and handing over your kids to the state .
Texas officials defend the action of forcibly seizing 416 kids from their mothers .
What supposedly justifies this ?
One alleged abuse victim ?
What about due process for every one else ?
This whole sad episode demonstrates something very disturbing about modern American life :
The police , even on the state level , have been thoroughly militarized , to the point where the recently gutted Posse Comitatus
Act is even more irrelevant than some of us might have suspected :
What relief is it , after all , to have the military isolated from domestic policing , if the domestic police have virtually become a military force ?
Local and state police have become a standing army , in fact , as formidable , ubiquitous , and potentially tyrannical as the redcoats who terrorized the American colonies and motivated the American revolutionaries to denounce , in no uncertain terms , such an omnipresent force of dangerously armed and legally privileged class of armed government officers , and declare that America should never again be home to such a force .
What , indeed , is the difference between the state police and the armies of history ?
Liberals argue the Second Amendment was never meant to protect private ownership of modern weapons .
Yet I ’d point out that King George ’s men did n’t sport such body armor and flaunt military tanks in their execution of civilian law enforcement .
If anything , the disparity in weaponry has only moved inexorably in favor of our oppressors .
Updates :
It turns out that Posse Comitatus , which I wrote above was “ recently gutted , ” was ( somewhat ) restored without any fanfare and practically no media attention at the end of January .
This does n’t change the fact that the militarized police still use military tactics in domestic law enforcement , which is the point of this entry .
As for the case , the government now insists that it does n’t need to produce the alleged teenage victim who reportedly complained — the reason that supposedly spurred the police response .
She is beside the point , sort of like those weapons of mass destruction .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel said on Thursday it had removed 50 roadblocks in the occupied West Bank as part of promises made to U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
A senior Palestinian security source said he could confirm the removal of at least three of the dirt - mound obstacles , near the cities of Ramallah , Jericho and Tulkarm .
He said Palestinians expected more would be dismantled soon .
A senior U.S. official said “ it is hard to assess ” the impact of scrapping the roadblocks , let alone confirm all were taken down , because Israel had yet to give Washington or the Palestinians a map showing where they were located .
On Sunday , after talks Rice held with Israeli and Palestinian leaders on bolstering peace negotiations , Israel said it would remove 50 roadblocks , ease travel for Palestinian businessmen and increase the number of entry permits for Palestinian workers .
An army spokeswoman and a defense official said the obstacles were dismantled but declined to disclose their location .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ We have asked for a map and I understand the Palestinians have asked for a map , ” the U.S. official said .
“ Our intention is to verify what ’s happened on the ground .
We do n’t have the information yet to do that . ”
Israel has built up a network of hundreds of checkpoints and roadblocks in the West Bank , home to 2.5 million Palestinians .
It says the barriers stop suicide bombers from reaching its cities .
Citing security concerns , Israel has balked at Palestinian calls to dismantle major West Bank checkpoints .
Palestinians say travel restrictions imposed by Israel stifle their economy .
A U.S. general , who is to monitor whether Israel is carrying out its promises to Rice and other commitments under a long - stalled peace “ road map ” that also obliges Palestinians to take confidence - building steps , is not in the region .
He is scheduled to return next week .
[ I interviewed Steve Alten , author of The Shell Game , on 1/22/08 , then interviewed his critic Wendy Campbell on 2/12/08 .
Both shows are available in the WTPRN archives .
I will again interview Steve Alten this Tuesday , 2/19/08 , 9-11 pm CT , http://www.wtprn.com]
Steve Alten ’s new bestseller The Shell Game was bound to be controversial .
Alten ’s thriller involves a White - House - approved neocon plot to stage a new mega-9/11 designed to trigger full - scale martial law and a war on Iran .
The book shows how Arab patsies are set up to take the blame for the attack ( just like on 9/11 ) .
It is peppered with references to such 9/11 truth advocates as David Ray Griffin , Mike Ruppert , Michael Meacher , and the Jersey Girls .
No wonder Alten ’s career is being threatened by insiders .
No wonder the mainstream press wo n’t review his book .
Oddly , The Shell Game has also created controversy within the 9/11 truth movement .
While many well - known figures have supported the book , a few have attacked it .
What ’s really odd is that of the three people I know who have attacked the book , all three admit they have n’t read it !
Why would 9/11 truth supporters attack a 9/11 truth book they have n’t even read ?
Maybe it ’s professional jealousy .
The three people in question are in the alternative book and DVD business , and when they see a major marketing campaign revving up behind a New York Times bestselling author like Steve Alten ... well , I hate to admit it , but I ’m jealous too !
Heck , if my little masterpiece Truth Jihad got half the marketing push The Shell Game is getting , I ’d be able to pay off my debts , and Charlie Sheen would soon be playing me in a big - budget Hollywood extravaganza ...
... but coming back to reality , which is more important : my own egotistical daydreams and frustrations , or the future of the world ?
Why should I waste time despising people who do what I do and make more money at it ?
Especially if their product can kick down locked doors and help open a market for mine ?
Should n’t I support anything with the potential to jump - start a wider discussion of 9/11 truth ?
Okay , we ’ve gotten over the professional jealousy .
Let ’s look at the substantive arguments against The Shell Game .
The one that got the most play on the internet was Wendy Campbell ’s piece The Shell Game ” Just Another Zionist Scam to Stop 9/11 Investigation of Israel .
Even though she admits she has n’t read The Shell Game , Campbell somehow correctly discerned that Alten ’s book is bereft of references to Zionism and Israel in general , and the controversial body of evidence allegedly relating Zionism and Zionists to 9/11 in particular .
How serious an omission is that ?
David Ray Griffin , the most widely - respected 9/11 scholar , has devoted very little attention to the Israeli connection , because he does not find that the evidence in this area to be nearly as abundant or compelling as the evidence implicating US military , intelligence and administration figures .
While I would agree with Campbell and others that there is circumstantial evidence of an Israeli 9/11 connection and that this evidence needs to be discussed and investigated , not hidden away , Campbell wildly overstates her case .
If Alten ’s book is a “ Zionist scam to stop 9/11 investigation of Israel ” because it does n’t deal with this body of evidence , are David Griffin ’s books also “ Zionist scams ” ?
Campbell ’s phrase “ just another Zionist scam ” takes wrongheadedness to an uncommon level .
For the sake of argument , let ’s imagine that Campbell is partially right , and that Alten , as a pro-Zionist American Jew , shied away from dealing with the dancing Israelis , Silverstein ’s friendship with Netanyahu , the activities of Dov Zakheim , and related subjects because of his own sensitivities , his own worldview , his own partisanships and prejudices .
Would that make the book a “ scam ” — much less “ just another ” Zionist scam ?
Hardly !
Quite the opposite :
It would still make Alten a very brave man , a man who is willing to risk his career and peace of mind in order to raise disturbing questions before a mass audience .
Ironically , it is Campbell who displays a “ passionate attachment ” to an idée fixe — a common characteristic of fanatical supporters of Israel as well as some of their opponents — while Alten , a Jewish supporter of Israel , is willing to step outside his comfort zone and think new and disturbing thoughts , engage in a reflective discussion , and consider the possibility that he may still have something to learn .
During my radio interview with him , Alten responded to my critique of some of the facts and attitudes in The Shell Game by saying he would reflect on the attitudes and correct the facts .
Campbell , as much as I admire her wholehearted devotion to the Palestinian cause , did not seem as willing to think things through , or to stray beyond her comfort zone of anti-Zionist sound bites .
Personally , I ’m as anti-Zionist as the next Muslim .
I think Wendy Campbell is mostly right about the Israel - Palestine question , and Steve Alten is mostly wrong .
But I ’m not about to let our different takes on Mideast politics turn into a wedge issue and split the 9/11 truth movement .
Steve Alten and I agree on one very important thing :
The official story of 9/11 is a crock , and overwhelming evidence suggests the President and Vice President committed high treason .
We also agree on another very important thing :
The neoconservative perps may be plotting a new mega -9/11 .
If we do n’t expose 9/11 by forcing a real investigation , we are setting our country up for total destruction .
That ’s the message of The Shell Game .
It is a vitally important message , a message far too important to be drowned out by bickering about the relative importance of the various possible motivations of the 9/11 perps : imperial expansion , war , peak oil , Israel , power and profits , neoconservative ideology , and so on .
As a Muslim co-founder of the Muslim - Jewish - Christian Alliance for 9/11 Truth , I am profoundly grateful that Steve Alten , a Jewish American whose attitudes fall squarely within the Jewish - American mainstream , has had the guts to put his career and reputation on the line in an effort to push 9/11 truth — an issue that makes many Americans , especially mainstream Jewish Americans , cringe .
The Shell Game is an amazing , unexpected gift to the 9/11 truth movement .
Like many gifts , it may not be exactly what you yourself would have bought .
But it is an extraordinary gift nonetheless .
Steve Alten has put his own gift , his creativity , in the service of 9/11 truth .
He has done what he can , knowing what he knows , feeling what he feels .
He has given it his best shot .
Even if you ’re not a fan of genre fiction , even if you think Israel or empire or disaster capitalism was a bigger 9/11 motive than peak oil , even if you find his portrayal of Arabs and Muslims questionable ( as I do ) you owe it to yourself , and to the future of the planet , to do what you can to make The Shell Game a success .
That success would open the door to a wide - ranging mainstream discussion of 9/11 and related issues .
For whatever the full truth of 9/11 — and none of us yet possess that full truth — the first step to figuring it out , and healing our wounded Republic , is to have the discussion .
For that reason , and for his courage , I salute Steve Alten and pray for his book ’s success .
OR
Discover new interesting photos by taste
with our state - of - the - art image recommendation engine
( you rate the photos and the system analyses your likes / dislikes , then it starts recommending you new photos according to your taste )
I just found this and I must say that it is truly awesome .
Add a couple beers , a public place and nothing good can come from it , this has so much Jackass potential it is not even funny .......... IN SHORT I LOVE IT .
Flint Weisser , a soon - to - be Pratt minted MFA , created this series of beautiful drawings by capturing the complex interactions of magnetic fields .
Each piece consists of magnets bolted to steel plates and covered with a thin film of nickel particles sandwiched in plastic .
The nickel particles act like iron filings to align themselves to the magnets ' fields .
Weisser created the two works above ( 1XREFDMG021008 and 1XREFDMGRLCYL ) by distorting sheet - magnets ' clean lines .
His work makes the invisible electromagnetic world visible in glowing lines that look like the Moorish masterpieces at the Alhambra presented on an old IBM 5151 green screen .
Weisser is opening his studio to the public this weekend on Friday , April 25th from 6 - 10 pm , and on Saturday , April 26th from 2 - 6 pm .
It 's studio number 26 at Pratt Institute ( 200
Willoughby Ave. , Brooklyn , NY ) , in the Pratt Studios building .
Via the permanently awesome WMMNA .
You can check out a couple more drawings , and details , after the jump .
The drawings were , in order from left to right , then top to bottom :
Magnetic Field Drawing ( 1XREFDMG021008 )
Steel , Magnets , Colloidal Nickel Film .
6 " X 8 " X .750 "
Detail View .
2008
Magnetic Field Drawing ( 1XREFDMGRLCYL )
Steel , Magnets , Colloidal Nickel Film .
6 " X 8 " X .750 "
2008
Magnetic Field Drawing ( 1XREFDMG041308 )
Steel , Magnets , Colloidal Nickel Film
11 " X 17 " X .750 "
Detail View .
2008
Magnetic Field Drawing ( 8X.375N42RND )
Steel , Magnets , Colloidal Nickel Film .
6 " X 8 " X 1 "
2008
Flint 's quick bio :
自分の gmail ドラフトに貯めていたんだけど、外に出した方が良いので。
Ruby しか分からないのですが 、RubyCocoa を覚えるとっかかりになりそうなサイトを集めました。
RubyCocoa のよく分からないメソッド名で困ったら、使い方の例は
cd / Developer / Examples / RubyCocoa grep - R ' initWithHogefuga ' *
で探せば良さそう。あとグーグルで。
Cocoa のリファレンスは Xcode から右クリックで引ける。良い 。
あとグーグルでw
# ずいぶんとっちらかってます、すいません。
# コメントも自分向けだったのでかなり適当です、間違いや不適当なものがあればコメント等で教えて下さい。
BONNOH FRACTION 13 : RubyCocoa でダウンローダを作ってみる その１ http://www.fraction.jp/log/archives/2007/11/23/Implements_Downloader_by_Ruby_Cocoa
そ の2もある 。
http://www.fraction.jp/log/archives/2007/12/03/Implements_Downloader_by_Ruby_Cocoa_2
そ の3が予定されてる。
多くのスクリーンショットで Interface Builder 上での操作が説明されてる。
RubyCocoa 入門を見た後で見るとイメージしやすいし、まずトライするには手頃なレベルだと思った。
splhack : AmaTunes http://blogger.splhack.org/2007/10/amatunes.html
カメラで読み取ったバーコードのISBNをAmazonで検索して、それをオーディオブック形式(m4b)に変換してiTunesにつっこむ代物
ぼんやりと考えたこと : http://n.h7a.org/blog/
いくつか習作がある 。RubyCocoa 経由で System よりの機能をスクリプトで呼び出すことを多くされている。
めずらしい 。
blog.8-p.info : RubyCocoa で Skype に iTunes で再生してる曲を表 示
http://blog.8-p.info/articles/2006/12/24/rubycocoa-skype-itunes
こちらも習作1 つ
ひ日誌 : Leopardで のRubyCocoaアプリ作成手順を動画にしてみた
http://www.fobj.com/hisa/d/20071028.html#p01
Youtube の動画がリンクされている。雰囲気をつかむのに良いかも。
hisaさんの Youtube
http://www.youtube.com/user/hisa
ひ日誌 : rWiiRemote 更新 http://fobj.com/hisa/d/20061230.html
DarwiinRemoteのソースに入っているGraphViewを使わせていただいてます。オリジナルのObjective-Cで書かれたGraphViewをOSX.ns_importして使うこともできますが(動作確認済み)、Rubyで書き直してみました。RubyCocoa で OpenGL ( NSOpenGLView ) を使うサンプルにもなるかと思います。また、自分の勉強がてらCocoaバインディングを使ってみました。
rWiiRemote -- rWiiRemote.appやプロジェクトファイルなど
GraphView.rb -- DarwiinRemote の GraphView を Ruby で書いたもの
WiiRemocon.rb -- kvc_accessor や kvc_depends_on を使用、ビューとバインドするモデル( 兼コントローラ )に相当
エト記 : Aquaterm .
framework から ruby binding を生 成
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/xoinu/20060920/1158824203
code74 RubyCocoa の simple web browser http://rubyforge.org/projects/code74/
ひ日誌 FlickerViewer RubyCocoa http://fobj.com/hisa/d/20070501.html
アプリ とYouTube
Hacking Life : ジョジョの奇妙な冒険
→WRYYYと翻訳する翻訳機をRubyCocoaで作る
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/beatinaniwa/20071222
習作。WWW :: Mechanize と Google Translate での翻訳アプリ。
RubyCocoa で Cocoa 本 http://pub.cozmixng.org/~the-rwiki/rw-cgi.rb?cmd=view;name=RubyCocoa%A4%C7Cocoa%CB%DC
hogeLog : RubyCocoa で QuartzComposer CustomPatch ( 2 ) http://blog.deadbeaf.org/archives/1781
Local にある example ファイル / Developer / Examples / Ruby / RubyCocoa
RubyCocoaを始めた人のブログ#英語
http://redochre.wordpress.com/
Review of RubyCocoa Tutorials : RubyCocoa tutorial を総ざら い
http://redochre.wordpress.com/2007/11/30/review-of-rubycocoa-tutorials/
Apple Developer Center https://developer.apple.com/leopard/devcenter/docs/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/RubyPythonCocoa/Articles/BuildingRubyCocoaAppl.html
Cocoarepl http://fobj.com/hisa/d/20071102.html
NSWindowなどのオブジェクトを作るショートカット的なメソッド
手っ取り早く NSWindow を作って表示したいときは、以下のメソッドを使うことができます。
NSWindow.create
NSWindow.create( 800 , 600 ) # width , height
NSWindow.create(0 , 0 , 800 , 600 ) # left , top , width , height
NSWindow以外にもいくつかあります。以下は使用例 : NSURL.create " http://www.apple.com/ "
NSURL.create " /etc/httpd/httpd.conf " NSImage.create " / Library / Desktop Pictures / Aqua Blue.jpg "
NSImage.create " http://path_to_image_url/image.jpg "
NSView.create
NSView.create( 360 , 240 )
NSView.create(0 , 0 , 360 , 240 )
NSTextField.create( 300 , 20 )
NSButton.create( 300 , 20 )
NSSlider.create( 300 , 20 )
これらのメソッドはアプリケーションパッケージ内のファイル:
CocoaRepl.app/Contents/Resources/cocoa_sweets.rb
に定義されています(ソースがパッケージに含まれていて読んだり変更したりできるのもRubyCocoaの醍醐味のひとつ)。 sudo gem install syntax でコードのカラーリングがされるようになる 。
Rucola http://rucola.rubyforge.org/
Rucola is a light weight framework that helps you write RubyCocoa apps .
Rucola new version movie 1 hour !?
http://superalloy.nl/misc_files/rubycocoa/rucola_building_an_app_bdd_style.mov
# 作者さんのblog
http://www.superalloy.nl/blog/category/ruby/rubycocoa/
RubyCocoa + Scripting Bridge#英語 http://andymatuschak.org/articles/2007/11/29/ohman-scripting-bridge-is-so-cool/
Scripting Bridge でiTunes とか操作できる 。appscript に近い感じだけど、どっちがいいのか 。
bridgesupport # Framework の（定義） XML ファイルから、バインディングするための何かを作るコマンド？？
gen_bridge_metadata
http://trac.macosforge.org/projects/bridgesupport
RubyCocoa ML : RubyCocoa 0.13 release announcement
http://www.freeml.com/rubycocoa/456/latest
mootoh.log : RubyCocoaを使ってQuicksilverプラグインを書 く
http://blog.deadbeaf.org/archives/1889
Ruby Inside : The Ultimate List of RubyCocoa Tutorials , Tips and Tools http://www.rubyinside.com/the-ultimate-list-of-rubycocoa-tutorials-tips-and-tools-728.html
Many thanks to this curious Japanese list of RubyCocoa links for inspiring some of the links in this post .
Most of them are in Japanese , however !
Many thanks , too :-)
Nice matome .
ここか らRubyCocoa じゃないけど
こたつつきみかん : Interface Builder3.0の使い方
http://dev.activebasic.com/OverTaker/?p=407
Xcode 3.0 でのインスタンス化を説明している。
たのしいココアを買った人で Interface Builder 2と3の画面の違いに悩んでいる人向け。
ありがとう ！
Cocoa Dev Central : Build a Core Data Application http://cocoadevcentral.com/articles/000085.php
CoreData の Interface Builder 側の操作が詳しく説明されているので、最初ここをなぞってみた。
igaiga diary : CoreDataで5分で作るデータベースアプ リ
http://igarashikuniaki.net/tdiary/20060505.html#p01
動画があるので、とても分かりやすいと思う。上の
Build a Core Data Application をなぞってから。
Tiger のCocoaにみるMVCの完成 - スマートなデータモデルを実現するCore Data http://journal.mycom.co.jp/special/2005/cocoamvc/
( 1 ) CocoaのMVCモデルの発展
(2) チュートリアル - Cocoa Binding とCore DataによるGUI 作成
(3) メールソフトを作 成
( 4 ) キー値コーディン グ
( 5 ) キー値の監 視
(6 ) コントローラレイヤ - Cocoa Binding
(7) NSObjectController とCocoa Bindingの構造 実際に自分で手を動かして 、CoreData の触りを理解出来そう。
あとで試す 。
Apple Developer Documentation Cocoa の日本語ドキュメントとさらに Cocoa セミナーの資料がアップされてい る
http://developer.apple.com/jp/documentation/japanese.html
Cocoaセミナー上級編 => CoreData
CoreAnimationガイド
http://developer.apple.com/jp/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/CoreAnimation_guide/Introduction/Introduction.html
Leopard解体新書 第 8 回 ：Core Animation で1000 Songsに挑戦
http://builder.japan.zdnet.com/sp/07leopard/story/0,3800082822,20362686,00.htm
My Codex leicester （いつか音楽と呼ばれるもの ）
http://nagano.monalisa-au.org/
# Cocoa 以外の framework の話題も多い :-) NSHost * host =[ NSHost hostWithName:@” monalisa-au.org ” ] ; # Cocoa OSX :: NSHost.hostWithName(" monalisa-au.org " ) .address # RubyCocoa
Numata Designed Factory Cocoa プログラミングの解説記事
Cocoa サンプル ズ
Cocoa に関するヌマタメ モ
http://numata.designed.jp/ja/programming.html
__1906 : __San Francisco is destroyed by an earthquake so powerful that it is felt from Coos Bay , Oregon , to Los Angeles , and as far east as central Nevada .
What became known as the San Francisco earthquake and fire struck at 5:12 a.m. , when the San Andreas Fault gave way , tearing the earth wide open from Humboldt County , near the Oregon border , to San Benito County , a hundred miles southeast of San Francisco .
The epicenter was on the fault line just offshore from the San Francisco - San Mateo county line .
The earthquake had a magnitude measuring anywhere from 7.8 to 8.3 � a precise method of measuring seismic activity did not exist in 1906 � but it was enormous by any standard .
There have been larger earthquakes recorded in California , but none so near a major population center .
And damage was widespread all along the fault line .
The town of Santa Rosa , 50 miles north of the Golden Gate , was flattened .
Stanford University , in what was later to be named Silicon Valley , suffered severe damage .
But turn - of - the - century San Francisco was , by far , the most populous and important city in California � it was the cultural and financial hub of the entire West Coast , in fact � and almost all the attention was focused on the carnage there .
Even without the fire that followed , the damage was severe .
The earthquake kept shaking for a full minute .
By the time it subsided , a number of buildings in town had collapsed .
Brick buildings with foundations of unreinforced masonry , especially those standing on land fill , proved especially vulnerable .
But the quake also ruptured gas and water mains , causing fires to break out and leaving the fire department with no water to fight them .
San Francisco , then as now a tightly compact city with a lot of wooden structures , burned well .
The result was a conflagration lasting nearly four days .
To stop the great fire , mansions lining the broad thoroughfare of Van Ness Avenue were dynamited by Army engineers to create a firebreak by robbing the flames of something to burn .
By the time it was over the heart of San Francisco lay in ruins .
In all , 508 city blocks had burned to the ground .
Anywhere from 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed , most of them as a result of the earthquake itself , making this one of the biggest natural disasters in U.S. history .
A new city emerged quickly ( a little too quickly , some historians would say ) on the ashes of the old .
Also emerging was a new emphasis on seismological studies and new regulations regarding building construction .
In order to guarantee a water supply in the event of another major fire , San Francisco constructed a network of reservoirs , underground cisterns , fireboats and sea -water pumps .
San Francisco today also has some of the toughest building codes on earth – and yet remains vulnerable to both earthquake and fire .
In San Francisco , it 's not a question of whether the next big one is coming , only of when .
( Source : Bancroft Library )
The Republican War on Science : Tierney and Bethell
One of the big problems with talking about what Chris Mooney has called The Republican War on Science is that , on the Republican side , the case against science is rarely laid out explicitly .
On a whole range of issues ( evolution , passive smoking , climate change , the breast - cancer abortion link , CFCs and the ozone layer and so on ) Republicans attack scientists , reject the conclusions of mainstream science and promote political talking points over peer - reviewed research .
But they rarely present a coherent critique that would explain why , on so many different issues , they feel its appropriate to rely on their own politically - based judgements and reject those of mainstream science .
And of course many of them are unwilling to admit that they are at war with science , preferring to set up their own alternative set of scientific institutions and experts , journals and so on .
So it ’s good to see a clear statement of the Republican critique of science from John Tierney in this NY Times blog piece promoting global warming “ skepticism ” .
The core quote is
climate is so complicated , and cuts across so many scientific disciplines , that it ’s impossible to know which discrepancies or which variables are really important .
Considering how many false alarms have been raised previously by scientists ( the “ population crisis , ” the “ energy crisis , ” the “ cancer epidemic ” from synthetic chemicals ) , I would n’t be surprised if the predictions of global warming turn out to be wrong or greatly exaggerated .
Scientists are prone to herd thinking — informational cascades– and this danger is particularly acute when they have to rely on so many people outside their field to assess a topic as large as climate change .
Both this quote and the rest of Tierney ’s article are notable for the way in which he treats science as inseparable from politics , and makes no distinction between scientific research and the kind of newspaper polemic he produces .
Like most Republicans , Tierney takes a triumphalist view of the experience of the last thirty years or so , as showing that he and other Republicans have been proved right , and their opponents , including scientists , have been proved wrong ( illustrated by his blithe dismissal of complicated problems like population and energy as “ false alarms ” ) .
Hence , he argues , he is entitled to prefer his own political judgements to the judgements ( inevitably equally political ) of scientists .
Of course , there ’s nothing new about the general viewpoint , that science is just another type of ideological system .
It was until recently , widely held on the left .
But it ’s now far more common among Republicans , where it is now the dominant fiewpoint .
Some of its surviving leftwing adherents , such as Steve Fuller , have taken the logical step and joined the Republicans , notably in the Dover case on the teaching of Intelligent Design .
I ’ll point out some of the more obvious problems with Tierney ’s analysis .
Of the three issues he mentions , only one ( the “ cancer epidemic ” ) involves a debate in which natural or physical science issues were central .
And most proponents of a “ cancer epidemic ” are non-scientists who see themselves in much the same light as the global warming skeptics Tierney is promoting .
The most prominent single advocate of the “ cancer epidemic ” story is Samuel Epstein , who describes himself as the leading critic of the “ cancer establishment ” consisting of the American Cancer Society , National Cancer Institute and mainstream scientific journals such as Science also a favorite target of GW conspiracy theorists .
It ’s clear that the notion of a “ cancer epidemic ” has never been supported by mainstream science .
But , if you accept Tierney ’s politicised view of science , it makes sense to lump ACS and NCI together with critics like Epstein .
The scientific evidence produced by the cancer establishment has supported lots of restrictions on smoking , air pollution , the use of synthetic chemicals and so on , all of which are opposed by Republicans .
In political terms , the more extreme position represented by Epstein helps the establishment defend themselves against rightwing critics .
Also noteworthy is the idea that when faced with a complex problem , the best thing to do is to fall back on your own prejudices , rather than , say , attempt a comprehensive investigation of all aspects of the problem .
Apart from Tierney , about the most comprehensive exposition of the Republican critique of science is Tom Bethell ’s Politically Incorrect Guide to Science , part of the Regnery series of the same name .
Here ’s a summary of his position , arguing that scientists operating through journals like Science manufacture spurious problems to get research funding and that scientific research is fatally flawed because of its commitment to materialism .
Bethell has impeccable qualifications as a leading Republican commentator on science ( gigs at the Hoover Institute and American Spectator , for example ) but I think some Republicans find he is a bit too thorough in his rejection of science , going beyond the standard topics ( evolution , global warming , stem cell research ) to reject relativity and embrace AIDS reappraisal .
The problem here is that Republicans are torn between a war on science and a war over science .
What they would like is a scientific process that produced all the technological goodies of which they are enamoured , but could be constrained to the reliable message discipline expected of all parts of the Republican machine .
Some of the time this leads them to engage in debate over particular scientific issues with a rather cargo - cultish attempt to mimic the trappings of scientific methods .
At other times , they attack science more directly .
But Bethell ’s overt rejection of science , and embrace of obviously cranky ideas , gives the game away a bit too much
IT SOUNDS unappealing , but rice containing human genes is to be grown in the US .
Rather than end up on dinner plates , the rice will make human proteins useful for treating infant diarrhoea in the developing world .
On 28 February , the US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) gave a provisional go - ahead for three types of the rice to be planted over 1300 hectares in Kansas .
Developed by Ventria Bioscience of Sacramento , California , the rice varieties have been given genes that either make the human breast milk proteins lactoferrin and lysozyme or the human blood protein albumin .
 The rice varieties havegenes for human breast milk proteins or …
WASHINGTON 
In a death - penalty case that has become an international issue , the Supreme Court declared on Tuesday that President Bush had no power to tell the State of Texas to reopen the case of a Mexican who has been condemned for murder and rape .
By 6 to 3 , the court ruled that the president went too far in 2005 , when he decreed that the states had to abide by a 2004 decision by the World Court .
That decision found that several dozen Mexican citizens who had been sentenced to death in the United States had not been given the assistance from Mexican diplomats that they were entitled to receive under an international treaty .
The center of the dispute is Jose E. Medellin , now 33 , a onetime gang member in Houston who took part in the rape and slaying of two teenaged girls on June 24 , 1993 .
The victims were abused for an hour , then killed to prevent them from identifying their tormentors .
Mr. Medellin strangled one girl with her shoelaces , the trial revealed .
He was arrested five days later , and signed a confession after being given his Miranda rights .
Crucially , however , the law enforcement authorities neglected to tell him of his right under the Vienna Convention to notify Mexican diplomats of his detention .
It ’s been rumored for ages , but now it ’s official .
Peter Jackson and the production team behind the “ Lord of the Rings ” legacy have tapped Guillermo del Toro to direct “ The Hobbit ” and its sequel , “ The Hobbit 2 . ”
The first film based on J.R.R .
Tolkien ’s beloved book of the same name was confirmed by Jackson and Fran Walsh , executive producers of the films , as well as New Line Cinema ’s Toby Emmerich and Mary Parent , chairperson of MGM .
“ We have long admired Guillermo ’s work and cannot think of a more inspired filmmaker to take the journey back to Middle - earth , ” Walsh and Jackson said in a statement .
“ We are delighted ‘ The Hobbit ’ is in such trustworthy hands . ”
As part of the deal , Del Toro will relocate to New Zealand for the next four years to work with Jackson and his production teams at Wingnut and WETA .
He will direct the films back to back  telling the story of “ The Hobbit , ” and its sequel , which will deal with the 60 - year period between “ The Hobbit ” and “ The Fellowship of the Ring , ” the first book in the “ Lord of the Rings ” trilogy .
Del Toro , who has a long list of fantasy films under his belt including the haunting “ Pan ’s Labyrinth , ” “ Hellboy ” and “ Blade 2 , ” said contributing to the “ Rings ” legacy was “ an absolute dream come true . ”
New Line , which produced the “ Rings ” trilogy , will oversee and manage production of the two films .
The project will be co-financed by New Line and MGM .
The studio declined to confirm official release dates but word inside the studio is a 2011 release for “ The Hobbit ” and 2012 for the sequel .
This summer Del Toro ’s film “ Hellboy 2 : The Golden Army ” hits theaters in July .
The Oscar - winning , critically acclaimed “ Rings ” trilogy grossed nearly $ 3 billion worldwide at the box office .
The receipts from those profits were long a matter of dispute between Jackson and New Line , which eventually put aside their differences in December .
John's FPGA Page
Resources and projects for FPGA design .
http://members.optusnet.com.au/jekent/FPGA.htm
Page Last Updated 24/06/2014 5:44 PM
Contents :
1. VHDL - References and Tutorials :
VHDL - online - by Prof. Dr.-Ing . Wolfram H. Glauert , Universit�t Erlangen - N�rnberg
VHDL Introductory Tutorial - Green Mountain Computing Systems Inc .
Tutorial : Learn by Example - by Weijun Zhang , University of California Riversdale
VHDL Tutorial - Jan Van der Spiegel , University of Pennsylvania
VHDL Cookbook ( pdf ) - by Peter J. Ashenden - Dept. Computer Science , University of Adelaide South Australia ( Hosted by Hamburg University ) .
VHDL Verification Course - www.stefanvhdl.com
VHDL Handbook - HARDI Electronics ( Hosted www.cs.umbc.edu)
http://www.diycalculator.com/
- Clive Maxfield and Alvin Brown's DIY Calculator web site ( Not FPGA but you can use an FPGA CPU )
This is Max & Alvin 's web site for their book " How Computers Do Maths " which describes a basic 8 bit microprocessor and the assembler routines for performing maths functions .
Max & Alvin provide an emulator for their virtual 8 bit microprocessor CPU which can be downloaded from the web site .
They have also produced a data book for their CPU chip along the lines of the assembly instructions manuals for the early 8 bit chips .
The data data book is also available for download .
The book provides an excellent introduction to basic micro-computing .
Heaps of books can also be found on Amazon , by using the key words " FPGA " , " VHDL " , Verilog " , " Xilinx " and " Altera " .
Embedded Tips from Amr Ali
Amr Ali has a number of slides entitled VHDL 360 by his friends Mohamed Samy and Samer El - Saadany
uCOS & VHDL Training
Amr , Samy and Samer also offer uCOS II & III on - line training , for embedded CPUs and online courses in VHDL for Xilinx FPGAs .
They also give instructor lead courses for those who are interested .
Courses are tools independent and are mainly based on simulations .
Contact amraldo@hotmail.com for course details .
EEWeb
Electronic Forum for the Electrical Engineering Community .
Covers Analog Design , RF Design , Power Management , Embedded Design , Test & Measure , Components & PCB Design .
EEWeb have kindly offered to feature this web site on their home page on the 5th September 2011 .
2. FPGA Manufactures & Board Vendors :
Altera - FPGA Manufacturer ( Cyclone , Arria , Statix )
Lattice - FPGA Manufacturer ( XP , Mach , SC , EC , ECP )
Xilinx - FPGA Manufacturer ( Spartan & Virtex )
Falulous Silicon
Alien Cortex Board Multicore softprocessor development platform by Bryan Pape .\
FPGA FAQ
The FPGA Frequently Asked Questions Web site has a more comprehensive list of FPGA Prototye Boards .
3. FPGA Prototyping Boards I Use :
3.1 BurchED B3 - Spartan2 + Board
3.1.1 ICST525-01 PLL
Clock divider
In some of the early projects I used clocks which are multiples of 4.915254 MHz as it is an exact binary multiple of 9600 Baud used by the MiniUart .
More recent projects have been designed for a 50 MHz system clock as this appears to be commonly used on other FPGA boards which made it earier to port the designs to other FPGA boards .
On the designs using a 50 MHz clock , the baud rate clock is derived from a VHDL pre-scaler .
http://www.idt.com/?app=calculators&device=525_01
Frequency calculator web page
4.915254 MHz ICST525-01 for Memio and System68 at 9600 Baud
9.830508 MHz ICST525-01 for System68 at 19K2 Baud .
3.1.2 Notes on modifying the B3 - SRAM module
3.1.3 Notes on adding a CF card .
I cut up a 40 pin IDE ribbon cable and split the cable so that the 16 data pins ( IDE pins 3 - 18 ) and ground pin ( IDE pin 19 ) on the 40 pin connector go to the bottom 17 pins of a 20 pin IDC connector for J4 .
Pin 1 of the 40 pin IDE connector ( ide_reset_n ) was split off the cable and soldered to pin 4 of the IDC connector of J3 .
The control signals ( IDE pins 1 , 21 , 23 , 25 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 31 - 40 ) go to the bottom 16 pins of the 20 pin IDC connector for J3 .
Note that IDE pins 31 - 40 directly line up with J3 pins 11 - 20 , however the ground pins between remaining control pins on J3 must be cut off and the remaining wires individually lined up on the connector , which can be a little bit fiddly .
I inserted 4 wires on pins 1 - 3 of the J3 connector .
Pin 1 , which is the +3.3V supply rail , was soldered to the power connector of the CF IDE adapter .
Pins 2 & 3 of J3 were left disconnected and pin 4 of the J3 connector ( ide_reset_n ) was soldered to pin 1 of the 40 pin IDE cable as previously stated .
#
# B3 Connector J4
# IDE / CF Interface
# Note that this pin out is NOT consistent with the B5 - IDE
# It 's called the peripheral bus for consistence with the XESS board
#
# NET " +3.3V " #pin 1 ( not used )
# NET " pb_gclk2 " LOC = " p182 " ; #pin 2 ( not used )
# NET " pb_spare2 " LOC = " p160 " ; #pin 3 ( not used )
NET " pb_data <7 > " LOC = " p161 " ; #pin 4 - ide pin 3
NET " pb_data <8 > " LOC = " p162 " ; # pin 5 - ide pin 4
NET " pb_data <6 > " LOC = " p163 " ; #pin 6 - ide pin 5
NET " pb_data < 9 > " LOC = " p164 " ; #pin 7 - ide pin 6
NET " pb_data < 5 > " LOC = " p165 " ; #pin 8 - ide pin 7
NET " pb_data < 10 > " LOC = " p166 " ; #pin 9 - ide pin 8
NET " pb_data < 4 > " LOC = " p167 " ; #pin 10 - ide pin 9
NET " pb_data < 11 > " LOC = " p168 " ; #pin 11 - ide pin 10
NET " pb_data <3 > " LOC = " p172 " ; #pin 12 - ide pin 11
NET " pb_data < 12 > " LOC = " p173 " ; #pin 13 - ide pin 12
NET " pb_data <2 > " LOC = " p174 " ; #pin 14 - ide pin 13
NET " pb_data < 13 > " LOC = " p175 " ; #pin 15 - ide pin 14
NET " pb_data <1 > " LOC = " p176 " ; #pin 16 - ide pin 15
NET " pb_data < 14 > " LOC = " p178 " ; #pin 17 - ide pin 16
NET " pb_data <0 > " LOC = " p179 " ; #pin 18 - ide pin 17
NET " pb_data < 15 > " LOC = " p180 " ; #pin 19 - ide pin 18
# NET " ground " # pin 20 - ide pin 19
#
# B3 Connector J3
# IDE / CF Interface
# Note that this pin out is NOT consistent with the B5 - IDE
#
# NET " +3.3V " #pin 1 ( wired to the power connector )
# NET " ide_gclk1 " LOC = " p185 " ; #pin 2 ( not used )
# NET " ide_spare1 " LOC = " p181 " ; # pin 3 ( not used )
NET " ide_reset_n " LOC = " p187 " ; #pin 4 - ide pin 1
NET " ide_dmarq " LOC = " p188 " ; # pin 5 - ide pin 21
NET " pb_iowr_n " LOC = " p189 " ; #pin 6 - ide pin 23
NET " pb_iord_n " LOC = " p191 " ; #pin 7 - ide pin 25
NET " ide_iordy " LOC = " p192 " ; #pin 8 - ide pin 27
NET " ide_con_csel " LOC = " p193 " ; #pin 9 - ide pin 28
NET " ide_dmack_n " LOC = " p194 " ; #pin 10 - ide pin 29
NET " ide_intrq " LOC = " p195 " ; #pin 11 - ide pin 31
NET " ide_iocs16_n " LOC = " p199 " ; #pin 12 - ide pin 32
NET " pb_addr <1 > " LOC = " p200 " ; #pin 13 - ide pin 33
NET " ide_pdiag_n " LOC = " p201 " ; #pin 14 - ide pin 34
NET " pb_addr <0 > " LOC = " p202 " ; #pin 15 - ide pin 35
NET " pb_addr < 2 > " LOC = " p203 " ; #pin 16 - ide pin 36
NET " ide_cs0_n " LOC = " p204 " ; #pin 17 - ide pin 37
NET " ide_cs1_n " LOC = " p205 " ; #pin 18 - ide pin 38
NET " ide_dasp_n " LOC = " p206 " ; #pin 19 - ide pin 39
# NET " ground " # pin 20 - ide pin 40
3.2 BurchED B5 - X300 - Spartan2e Board
3.3 Digilent Spartan 3 Starter Board
The Spartan 3 starter board , made by Digilent Inc originally used a XC3S200 200 K gate device although there is also a XC3S1000 1000 K Gate variant available .
It has 1M Byte of SRAM arranged as 256K x 32 bits .
It features VGA connector , RS232 connector , PS / 2 Keyboard connector , Push buttons , switches , individual LEDs as well as 4 x 7 segment LED displays .
It has 3 x 40 pin expansion connectors for adding on peripheral boards .
It also has serial flash for storing your FPGA configuration .
The only real draw back with this board is that there is no program flash memory for mass storage , and there are only 3 bits for the VGA output which means only 8 colours can be displayed unless you add extra DAC resistors .
I have implemented System09 on the 200K gate board and it only just fits .
For US$ 109 it is not a bad buy .
The XC3S1000 version of the board from Digilent costs an additional US$ 50 but gives you much more logic .
Gary Becker has used the XC3S1000 version of this board to implement early versions of his Tandy Colour Computer 3 on an FPGA .
http://www.coco3.com/community/2009/09/coco3-fpga-project/
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CoCo3FPGA/
3.4 Digilent Spartan 3E Starter Board
The Xilinx Spartan 3E starter board , also made by Digilent Inc uses a XC3S500E FPGA .
It has plenty of features , such as Flash Memory , DDR SDRAM , LCD display , ADCs , DACs , RS232 , VGA , Ethernet Phy and much more .
It has a number of 6 pin headers for adding small 4 bit modules , as well as a Hirose 100 pin FX2 connector , which can be used for add on boards such as the VDEC - 1 Video digitizer .
The limitation of the Spartan 3E start board is that there is no SRAM , which means you need a DDR - SDRAM controller core to use it unless you are using EDK .
Also , like the Spartan 3 starter board , the VGA connector only has 3 bits for video ( one bit for R , G & B ) which means there are only 8 colours .
There is a modification on Mike J's FPGA Arcade web site that uses some of the pins on the FX2 connector to extend the VGA colour range to 12 bits or 4096 colours by adding additional resistors .
This board was given to me as part of a project to validate my 6809 design .
The 6809 design uses the internal Block RAM to implement 32 KBytes of RAM and an 8 K Byte Program ROM .
It would be nice to get a DDR RAM controller working for it .
3.5 XESS XSA - 3S1000 , XST - 3.0 & XSUSB
The XSA - 3S1000 board from XESS , as the name implies , uses a XC3S1000 , 1 million gate Spartan 3 chip .
It has a 9 bit ( 512 colour ) VGA output connector as well as a PS / 2 keyboard or mouse connector .
It has 32 MBytes of SDRAM and 4MBits (? ) of Flash .
The Flash memory is bank selectable and doubles as a FPGA configuration and program code store .
XESS use a CPLD to act as a download controller which connects to the printer port of your computer .
You can download FPGA configuration , Flash Program Code , or SDRAM Code using a suite of software utilities .
You can also use the Xilinx Parallel IV pod too if you want .
XESS also sell a XSUSB module that allows the board to be programmed over USB .
XESS have a lot of free example code for the XSA - 3S1000 on their web site as well as a SDRAM controller IP for use with the board .
The other good feature of this board is the large number of header pin outs .
The board is actually designed to plug into the XST - 3.0 carrier board ( the XST - 4.0 is the current version ) , but can be used to interface to your own carrier if you desire .
The XSA - 3S1000 board was purchased so a group of internet friends could develop a PDP - 8 project .
The large number of uncommitted I / O pins made the board ideal to interface to switch banks and LED display panels as well as other PDP - 8 bus devices .
3.5.1 IDE Compact Flash Interface .
The XST - 3.0 board has an IDE interface for adding a hard disk drive .
The 16 IDE data pins and IO read / write pins are also used for the ethernet controller and the two expansion slot connectors .
I have used a Dual IDE to CF adapter card which I bought from Darkwire here in Australia .
Darwire sell a variety of CF , SATA and SD / MMC to IDE adapter cards , although I have only tried the CF card on the XST - 3.0 .
The IDE interface on the XST - 3.0 and XSA - 3S1000 does not have 5V protection so it is important that you power the IDE - CF card from 3.3V .
I mounted terminals on the 3.3V supply of the XST - 3.0 board and powered the CF card off that .
The IDE - CF card uses a 3.5 " floppy 4 pin power connector which I chopped off an old PC .
The red lead is normally the +3.3V and black leads ground , but you should always check for yourself with information on web to ensure that is correct .
http://www.darkwire.com.au
3.6 Memec Design / Avnet V4FX12LC & P160 Analog
The Memec Design V4FX12LC board uses the Virtex 4 FX12 FPGA which includes a 200MHz Power PC 405 processor in addition to about 500K gates of programmable logic .
This board was purchased for me by work with the idea of doing GPS receiver signal processing .
It was bundled with EDK7.1 and BaseX ISE 7.1 as part of the XFest training course offered by Memec in Australia in 2005 .
The board features 64 MBytes of 16 bit DDR - SDRAM as well as flash memory , push buttons and an LCD display .
Monta Vista provide a version of Linux for the ML302 board which should also run on the V4FX12LC board .
It is only a demo version , so you have to pay $s if you want to do any Linux development with it .
Also Monta Vista Linux on was designed to run with a soft - core Ethernet controller and does not use either of the two Ethernet controllers built into the V4FX12LC .
I believe the Ethernet soft - cores on EDK 7.1 are time limited unless you purchase them .
Memec were taken over by Avnet in 2005 / 6 , but last time I saw , Avnet were still offering the P160 add on modules for this board .
The Communications 3 module offers SRAM , VGA and PS / 2 interfaces , ADCs and DACs as well as communications interfaces .
The ADCs and DACs are only useful for audio frequencies however .
There is also high speed data acquisition module for a few hundred dollars which work up into the 10s of Msps range .
You can buy a number of commercial cores such as Floating Point Units for the PPC405 for the Virtex 4 but they are too expensive for me .
There are FPUs on the open cores web site , but they are not designed to integrate with the APU of the PPC405 to the best of my knowledge .
Webpack 8.1 and onwards does include Coregen that includes FPUs , FFTs and so on but I 'm not sure how these interface with the PPC405 on the Virtex 4 .
It would like to use the V4FX12LC for a software radio :
http://members.optusnet.com.au/vk3biz/gnuradio.html
3.7 Altera / Terasic DE2 -70 Cyclone 2 & D5 M camera module
Altera / Terasic DE2 - 70 board running the initial demo design .
Close up of the DE2 - 70 board with the D5 M digital camera on the right .
Tuesday 6th April 2010
I have a new toy , a Terasic DE2 - 70 board with Altera Cyclone II EP2C70F896 FPGA , 64MB SDRAM x 2 , 2MB SSRAM and 8 BM Flash , Multimedia interface with dual TV decoders .
I plan using two D5M 5 M pixel camera sensors ( one shown on the right ) to do some stereo vision work .
The board is shown running the application shipped with the board .
Cornell University runs the ECE 5760 Advanced Microcontrollers class .
They use the Altera / Terasic Cyclone II DE2 board ( as opposed to the DE2 - 70 ) .
The following link is to their Final Projects .
The head tracking project uses use the D5 M camera module .
In 2010 the projects included a stereo vision depth mapper .
http://people.ece.cornell.edu/land/courses/ece5760/FinalProjects/
The DE2 - 70 board has been discontinued by Terasic .
3.8 Altera / Terasic DE1 Cyclone 2
Altera / Terasic DE1 board running Gary Becker 's FPGACoCo3
Tuesday 18th January 2011
I bought a Terasic DE1 board for running Gary Becker 's CoCo3FPGA which uses the CPU from my System09 project but adds the GIME and other support logic such as the keyboard and sound interface .
The DE1 board has a Cyclone II 20K LE EP2C20 FPGA , 8MBytes of SDRAM , 512 KBytes SRAM , 4MBytes of flash , VGA port , RS - 232 , PS / 2 Port , EPCS4 configuration flash , 2 x expansion headers , 24 bit audio CODEC , 27MHz , 50MHz & 24 MHz oscillators , SD Card socket , Altera USB Blaster controller , 8 green LEDs , 10 Red LEDs , 4 x 7 segment displays , 10 toggle switches and 4 push buttons .
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CoCo3FPGA/
3.9 XESS XuLA Spartan 3A
Friday 28th January 2011
Dave vanden Bout sent me a complementary version of his XuLA Spartan 3A 200 K gate board .
http://xess.com/prods/prod048.php
I have a few old B5 peripheral connector boards that I intend to use to interface to it .
The B5 peripheral interconnect boards have an MAX3232 RS232 level converter on it as well as PS / 2 keyboard and mouse connectors and a 6 bit VGA resistor DAC ( 2 bits for each R , G and B signal ) .
Sunday 5th June 2011
I did get System09 running on the XuLA board .
I used wire wrap wire on the B5 - Peripheral - Connect board and soldered them to the pins of the XuLA board .
I 've yet to upload the design files to opencores.org .
It only uses half of the SDRAM data bus , and memory is limited to 1MB by the configuration of the DAT .
3.10 XESS XuLA2 Spartan 6
4. FPGA Design Tools
4.1 Xilinx Web Pack ISE :
The Web Pack ISE design software is available free from Xilinx .
The latest versions are around 6GB or so you need a fast internet connection if you want to download it .
Alternatively you might want to send off for a DVD from Xilinx .
Old versions of the Web Pack ISE software I think are still available on the Xilinx web site .
Most of the project on this web site are hosted on opencores.org due to the limited amount of space on this web site .
The Xilinx WebPack ISE software is constantly being updated , so some of the project files on this web site may be out of date .
WebPack ISE should update the project file , but if it is too old , then you may need to rebuild it for your version .
4.2 Altera Quartus :
Altera provide Quartus II software for development work with their FPGAs .
I have used Quartus II for the System09 implementation on the DE1 board .
The first book I bought for learning VHDL was simply called " VHDL " and was written by Douglas Perry .
The book used the Altera software for examples .
Altera were the first to make their software free I believe and Xilinx came to the party shortly after .
The last version of Quartus to support the Cyclone 2 was version 13 .
The Terasic DE1 , DE2 and DE2 - 70 boards use Cyclone 2 FPGAs .
5. FPGA Projects :
5.1 System16 - My Initial VHDL CPU Project
System16 is only a paper design and is a combination of a 6809 design and a sort of striped down 68000 , in terms of the number of registers , addressing mode terminology and bit operators .
It was more an exercise in designing a 16 bit CPU for memory that did not have byte access .
5.2 Memio.zip Memory I/ O Tool
Memio is a state sequencer for examining and modifying RAM on the B3 - Spartan2 + board .
It was one of my first projects as you can probably tell from the VHDL code .
It was a matter of getting something up and running quickly that allowed me to check the functioning of the B3 - SRAM .
These days it is so easy to get a microprocessor running with a monitor program that this project is a bit redundant but I have kept the design here as a historic record of my work .
It was developed using Xilinx WebPack ISE 4.2 VHDL tools .
It uses a highly hacked version of MiniUart by Ovidiu Lupas which used to be on www.opencores.org
Memio assumes you have the B3 - FPGA - CPU - IO card connected to connector J3 and the B3 - SRAM card connected to J6 and J9 .
The current clock divider for the UART assumes a 4.915254 MHz clock for 9600 bps serial I/O , which gives a nice round division factor for the clock divider .
Commands for Memio are :
M < address >
Examine memory location < space bar > < data >
Write 16 bit hexadecimal value N Display Next memory location P Display Previous memory location
For simplicity only the first 64 Kwords of SRAM are used ( 128 Kbytes ) .
Address line A16 is grounded .
Data words are 16 bits wide .
Command keys and hexadecimal values must be all uppercase ( although that could easily be changed ) .
All input characters are echoed back out the UART .
This is because I could not get Hyperterm to echo characters locally under windows98 SE .
5.3 Micro8 - A very simple microprocessor
Micro8 was based on a minimal set 4 instruction computer by Tim Boscke which was designed to fit in a 32 Macrocell CPLD .
Tim 's design is now available on the Opencores web site as the MCPU ( Minimal CPU ) project .
http://www.opencores.org/project,mcpu
The whole MCPU design fits in a single page .
Tim 's computer had only ADD , NOR , STA and JCC instructions and could only address 64 bytes of memory .
It had a single carry bit which was set by the JCC ( Jump on Carry Clear ) instruction .
Most basic microprocessor instructions can be built up using these four basic instructions .
For my Micro8 design I have added an 8 bit index register and four addressing modes , Immediate , Absolute , Indexed and PC Relative and I 've extended the addressing range from 64 bytes to 2 K bytes .
The top five bits of the opcode byte determine the operation and addressing mode .
The bottom 3 bits of the opcode form the high bits of the address argument .
I 've also added a Zero ( Z ) Flag and a Negative ( N ) flag and conditional branches that do not change the condition codes .
Micro8 does not have a return stack and does not support subroutine calls .
Micro8 was implemented on the B3 Spartan2 + board .
Although I have included the B3 - SRAM in the I/O pin-outs , it does not use the SRAM to print the message .
The VHDL code should run quite happily without the B3 - SRAM module .
I put the I/O interface module on connector J3 of the B3 - Spartan2 + board , but its probably better suited to J8 .
5.4 Micro8a - Adding a Stack
5.5 Micro16 - Very Basic 16 bit CPU
5.7 Motorola 8 bit CPUs
Since Flint Weller 's 6809 design was too complex to understand , and I think was only intended for simulation , I went back to basics and designed the Micro8 , System05 ( a 6805 which I still have not completed ) , System68 ( a 6800 ) , System11 ( a 68HC11 which is still not finished ) and eventually I worked my way up to System09 which is a 6809 System On a Chip .
System09 emulates the SWTPc hardware .
The " System " name was all I could think of at the time and refers to a Systems On a Chip since the design includes peripherals such as ACIA ( UART ) , VDU , PS / 2 Keyboard , Dynamic Address Translation , Timers , Parallel I/ O etc. as well as the CPU cores .
A number of people are using System68 and System09 CPU cores as the basis of pinball and arcade games .
See the resources links below for more details .
I have managed to get the Flex 9 Disk operating system running on System09 using a RAM disk and Compact Flash card configured for True IDE mode .
Boards with IDE interfaces such as the XESS XSA - 3S1000 with XST - 3.0 motherboard will operate with a IDE to CF adapter as well .
Flex 2 is also available for the 6800 , however I have not managed to modify the disk drivers for that yet .
The Flex Users Group has collected most of the old FLEX Software and SWTPc documentation and have archived it .
Much of the Flex software was obtained from that archive .
If you have any old Flex software , I 'm sure the Flex User Group would be interested to hear about it .
5.8 System68 - 6800 - Working
5.9 System01 - 6801 - Working ( Incomplete I/O )
5.10 System05 - 6805 - Work in Progress
5.11 System11 - 68HC11 - Partly Working
5.12 System09 - 6809 SOC - Runs Flex9 with VDU and PS / 2 keyboard
System09 has been ported to the following Xilinx FPGA development boards :
BurchED B3 - Spartan2 +
BurchED B5 -X300
Digilent Spartan 3 starter board
Digilent Spartan 3E starter board
XESS XSA - 3S1000 and XST - 3.0 carrier board
XESS XuLA 200 with interface board
System09 has also been ported to the Terasic DE1 board using Altera 's Quartus II software .
Recent versions of Xilinx Webpack ISE development software no longer support the Spartan 2 and Spartan 2e devices used on the BurchED B3 and B5 boards .
5.13 System6801 - Wishbone Compliant 6801 for Altera by Michael L. Hasenfratz Sr .
Michael L. Hasenfratz has taken my System01 core and has made it wishbone compliant .
He has also added some of the 6801 peripherals at locations $ 0000 to $ 001 F .
The project is being hosted on the OpenCores web site .
He has ported it to an Altera FPGA .
Michael has kindly made his Relocatable Macro Assemblers and Linker for the MC6800 , MC6809 and MC68HC11 available to the public ( as shareware ? ) .
It can be down - loaded here :
6. VHDL & Verilog IP Resource Links :
http://www.opencores.org
Open Cores Repository .
The Open Cores web site is the main web site for open source FPGA cores .
http://opencores.org/project,system68
John's FPGA 6800
http://opencores.org/project,system01
John 's FPGA 6801 ( without the peripherals )
http://opencores.org/project,system05
John 's FPGA 6805 ( not complete )
http://opencores.org/project,system09
John's FPGA 6809
http://opencores.org/project,system11
John 's FPGA 68HC11 ( not complete )
http://www.opencores.org/project,tv80
Daniel Wallner 's T80 ( Z80 ) ( actually it's the TV80 )
http://www.opencores.org/project,t65
Daniel Wallner 's T65 ( 6502 )
http://www.opencores.org/project,t51
Daniel Wallner 's T51 ( 8051 )
http://www.opencores.org/project,ax8
Daniel Wallner 's AX8 ( 90S1200 , 90S2313 )
http://www.ht-lab.com/
HT-LAB FPGA / VHDL / SystemC / Embedded
Jan Gray has a XR16 RISC CPU , GR000 RISC CPU and XSOC ( System on a Chip ) .
He also runs the FPGA CPU mailing list .
http://www.cs.ucr.edu/~dalton/i8051/
The Dalton Project at the University of California Computer Science Dept in Riversdale have an Intel 8051 core .
There is a synopsis model as well as C++ simulator for the 8051 .
http://www.dte.eis.uva.es/OpenProjects/OpenDSP/index.htm
The Department of Electronic Technology at the University of Valladolid in Spain have an Open DSP design which can be found on their web site .
http://indi.hpsdr.com/
K Ring Technologies Semiconductor Indi16 16 bit Forth CPU .
Designed for Altera Quartus II software .
http://www.gmvhdl.com/downloads.html
Green Mountains Computing Systems have a MC68HC11 VHDL core as well as VHDL tools and simulators .
I tried compiling this core under the Xilinx ISE 4.1 Webpack software and it used 200 % of the XC2S200 resource , so it is not an efficient design .
Later versions of Xilinx ISE Webpack may be more efficient .
http://www.fpga-faq.com/
Philip Freidin's ( Fliptronics ) FPGA FAQ .
The FPGA Frequently Asked Questions web site .
John Williams is a Professor at the School of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering at the University of Queensland .
He runs quite an active mailing list for implementing uCLinux on the Xilinx MicroBlaze soft - core processor .
http://www.c-to-verilog.com/
C to Verilog - Automating Circuit Design
C - to -Verilog is a free service for circuit designers .
http://tech-www.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/vhdl/vhdl.html
University of Hamburg VHDL Page .
Assorted VHDL tools and microprocessor cores .
http://people.ece.cornell.edu/land/courses/ece5760/FinalProjects/
Cornell University ECE5760 Advanced Microcontrollers Final Projects
Lots of interesting student projects with demonstration videos .
http://www.birdcomputer.ca/
Robert Finch's Bird Computer - FPGA Cores
Robert has a variety of CPU , video , audio , timekeeping and keyboard projects for download on his web site .
Edward is using CPU09 core with a Digilent Spartan 3A board to implement a Williams Pinball Controller .
http://members.iinet.net.au/~msmcdoug/
Mark's Perpetually WIP
Home page
Mark McDougall 's Vic20 , ZX81 , TRS80 and Arcade game web page .
http://pacedev.net/
Programmable Arcade Circuit Emulation .
Forum for FPGA arcade game developers .
http://www.fpgaarcade.com
Mike J's FPGA Arcade .
Mike Johnson 's complete PACMAN , Space Invaders , and Galaxians in FPGA !
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CoCo3FPGA/
Gary Becker 's CoCo3 on a FPGA Yahoo Group
Gary Becker is using the CPU from the system09 project for his CoCo3 ( Tandy Colour Computer 3 ) on an FPGA .
Gary first ported his CoCo3FPGA project to the XC3S1000 Digilent Spartan 3 starter board but is now mainly using the Terasic DE1 board .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7982JhI5Kc
Youtube video of Gary 's CoCo3FPGA at the Glenside CoCo Fest 2010 as implemented on an Altera DE1 board
http://www.glensideccc.com/
Glenside CoCo Computer Club who host the CoCo Fest .
Has some simple 6502 , 6809 and Z80 computer projects .
http://searle.hostei.com/grant/Multicomp/index.html
Grant Searles MULTICOMP FPGA Computer
FPGA implementation of 6502 , 6809 and Z80 , using Daniel Wallner 's 6502 and Z80 and my 6809 ,
Cyclone II EP2C5T144C8N mini board from eBay .
http://excamera.com/sphinx/fpga-vhdl-verilog.html
James Bowman 's project page
Verilog examples , home - brew Forth CPU and NTSC composite video generator ..
http://excamera.com/sphinx/gameduino/
James Bowman 's Gameduino .
Sprite controller for tiny microprocessors such as the Atmel AVR .
Various FPGA projects for the hobbyist .
Includes information for connecting devices such as LCD Displays and R/C Servos to FPGAs .
http://alexfreed.com/FPGApple/
Interfacing Compact Flash to the Spartan 3 Starter Board
Alex has used a Spartan 3 starter board to implement an Apple II .
He has used a Digilent Test Point Header board to connect an IDE CF adapter .
http://www.retromicro.com
Doug Hodson's Web Page
Doug has implemented a few projects using the XESS XSA100 FPGA Board .
Doug 's project page has some examples of VGA video generators .
The XSA100 is quite a nice board with Flash memory and Dynamic RAM , although it uses a smaller FPGA and access to static RAM conflicts with some of the I/O pins .
The XSA100 uses a XC2S100 FPGA and can be purchased with the XStend prototyping motherboard .
For more details check out http://www.xess.com .
They have all the manuals on their web site .
The XESS documentation is quite good .
http://www.madscientistroom.org/fpga/
Randy Thelen 's Mad Scientist Room .
Randy Thelen has a good User Constraint File generator amongst his FPGA bits and pieces .
http://www.6502.org/users/dieter/index.htm
Dieter 's Homebuilt CPUs .
http://brainwagon.org/
Mark VandeWettering 's Homebrew computing and logic blog .
Chuck McManis has put up a web site with a list of his projects for the B3 - SPARTAN2 + board .
http://zxgate.sourceforge.net/
For some fun , projects on the net , using Z80 cpus implemented completely in the FPGA .
Daniel Wallner 's computers using FPGA T80 cores .
Another low - end PC hit the market today , this time it is a machine by Mirus equipped with Freespire 2.0 , available at Sears ' online shop for $ 185 .
The Mirus desktop system is equipped with an Intel Celeron D 420 - 1.6 Ghz , 1GB of RAM , 80GB HDD , CDRW optical drive , and Freespire 2.0 .
Advertisement
This is the first system to come pre-installed with the new CNR.com Client , a free Linux software delivery service developed by the makers of Linspire and currently still in beta .
Installation of Linux software for both Debian and RPM - based distributions takes place in a single click , and updates are typically automatic .
This system retails for $ 284.99 , but comes with a promotional Mail - in $ 100 rebate , making it less expensive than the cheapest Wal - Mart PC , the $ 199 , gOS - equipped Everex TC2502 .
Tags
To Austrian economists , the so - called international credit market crisis is a prima facie case of the inherent destructive tendency of government - controlled paper money : it is the consequence of an excessive expansion of credit and money , which encourages uneconomic investment and leads to unsustainable debt burdens .
The inflation - provoked cluster of errors ( this time in the financial sphere ) eventually triggers an economic and political disaster .
Once the inflation - fueled boom ( the time span in which malinvestment occurs ) is about to turn into bust ( the period in which malinvestment is corrected ) , the government - sponsored central bank steps in and lowers the interest rate , in an effort to reverse the economic downswing into a boom .
This is because a policy of pushing down the interest rate via expanding credit and money supply is typically seen as the solution for , rather than the very cause of , the crisis .
Ludwig von Mises put this calamitous development as follows :
The wavelike movement affecting the economic system , the recurrence of periods of boom which are followed by periods of depression , is the unavoidable outcome of the attempts , repeated again and again , to lower the gross market rate of interest by means of credit expansion .
There is no means of avoiding the final collapse of a boom brought about by credit expansion .
The alternative is only whether the crisis should come sooner as the result of a voluntary abandonment of further credit expansion , or later as a final and total catastrophe of the currency system involved .
Mises 's analysis is not heeded by mainstream economists , who , in view of the credit crisis , argue for cutting central - bank interest rates .
Cheaper borrowing costs , they believe , would make credit " easier , " thereby stimulating the economy .
Suppressed borrowing costs would also bolster asset prices , preventing financial institutions from valuation losses .
This line of thinking may explain why the US Federal Reserve slashed interest rates from 5.25 % in September 2007 to 3.0 % on January 30 , 2008 .
The Fed 's last 50 - basis - point rate cuts were meant to " promote moderate growth over time and to mitigate the risks to economic activity , " stemming from a troubled financial sector .
Investors have started losing faith in credit and credit - related products and , as a result , the solidity of financial institutions .
With banks in difficulties , the fear is that credit and money supply — after years of strong expansion — could contract and plunge the economy into recession or worse ; the period 1929 – 1933 may come to mind ( see graphs below ) .
In contrast , Austrian economists , following Mises 's work , identify the government - run money - supply monopoly as the very cause of the current debacle .
They would actually see a further increase in credit and money supply as a recipe for disaster .
What is more , the Austrians ' political - economic analysis would suggest that the current credit crisis is most unlikely to end in deflation , but rather in high inflation , with all the bitter consequences for social cooperation and the ideal of the free society .
Where Credit and the Paper Money Supply Come From
It is easy to accelerate inflation in today 's government - run fiat - money system .
Here , commercial banks hold the state - granted privilege of increasing the money supply through extending loans to , or buying assets from , nonbanks .
For doing so , however , banks are required to hold base money , over which the central bank wields monopoly power .
If the central bank increases the supply of base money , banks can increase their credit and money supply .
To be more precise , with a given unit of base money , banks can expand credit and money supply by a multiple .
This is because banks are required to hold just a fraction of their liabilities vis -à - vis nonbanks in the form of base money ( fractional - reserve banking ) .
Fractional - reserve banking has become symptomatic for today 's government - run fiat - money systems .
Take , for instance , the consolidated balance sheet of the US commercial banking sector ( as of December 2007 ) .
US banks ' liabilities in the form of ( transaction ) deposits exceed banks ' cash assets by quite a margin ; the same holds true for banks ' credit supply relative to banks ' cash assets .
In what follows , we analyze in some detail the effects the credit crisis and government intervention have on the balance sheet of the banking sector , that is , credit and money supply .
It should help to form a view about what the future may hold in store for the value of the currency .
To this end , Fig. 1 shows a stylized balance sheet of the commercial banking sector under fractional - reserve banking .
Banks ' base - money balances and credit extended to nonbanks ( in the form of loans and bonds ) are shown on the asset side .
Sight and time deposits and long - term liabilities , along with equity capital , are recorded on the right - hand - side of the balance sheet .
In our example , the minimum reserve ratio on demand and time deposit is 2 % .
Given that the stock of demand plus time deposit amounts to US $ 3000 , minimum reserves amount to U$60 .
The lower part of Fig. 1 shows the balance sheet of the central bank .
It records securities on the asset side ( which represent collateral for extending a base money credit to banks ) .
The liabilities of the central bank are banks ' base - money balances .
The central bank increases base - money supply when it either buys assets from banks or when it extends loans to nonbanks .
Similarly , it decreases the supply when it either sells assets to banks or when it does not revolve outstanding loans to nonbanks .
Our example contains another important feature of the government - controlled money system .
Government regulation requires banks to keep a certain ratio between risky assets ( loans and bonds ) and equity capital .
In our example , the capital ratio is 8 % .
Economically speaking , the capital requirement implies a multiplier : with a given US dollar of equity capital , banks can create US $ 12.5 of credit .
The Effects of Credit Losses
Now we assume that , after years of a credit - and money - fueled boom , borrowers start defaulting .
The book value of banks ' holdings of loans and bonds needs to be written off by , say , US $ 65 , respectively .
As a result , loans are now recorded at US $ 3,435 and bonds at US $ 2,935 , with banks ' equity capital declining to US$ 390 ( Fig. 2 ) .
The write - offs make banks ' equity capital ratio drop to 6.1 % , which is lower than what banks are required to maintain .
Banks would now basically have two options to stay in business : get rid of risky assets or issue new equity .
Raising new equity capital might be rather costly in times of financial market stress .
Selling risky assets in times of crisis may suppress asset valuations and thereby increase banks ' capital losses further .
In fact , it may trigger a downward spiral : falling asset prices , more capital losses , rising investor concern about the solidity of the banking sector , higher funding costs — potentially ending in bank failures on a grand scale .
For the sake of our example let us assume that banks succeed in selling bonds in the amount of US $ 1,495 to nonbanks ( insurance companies , pension funds , etc. ) .
This brings banks ' equity capital ratio back to 8 % ( Fig. 3 ) .
What is more , demand deposits decline to US $ 5 , as nonbanks exchange demand deposits for bonds , so that banks ' liabilities in the form of demand deposits are destroyed .
Also , banks ' excess reserves increase , namely to US $ 29.90 .
However , banks ' limited equity capital would n't allow expanding credit and money supply any further , whatever the amount of excess reserves .
Perhaps even more important , a contraction of the means of payment , accompanied by a sudden stagnation of credit supply , can be expected to exert downward pressure on money prices , production and employment .
In view of an approaching " credit crunch , " public opinion would call for lower official interest rates via an increase in credit and money supply .
Mises noted : " In the opinion of the public , more inflation and more credit expansion are the only remedy against the evils which inflation and credit expansion have brought about . "
The Government Attempt to Accelerate Inflation
There are basically three strategies the government can pursue to prevent a contraction of the credit and money supply caused by a breakdown of the banking sector .
The first strategy is to inject peoples ' tax money into banks , thereby socializing ( part of ) the domestic banking industry .
Under the second strategy , the government would simply buy banks ' risky assets , thereby making available ( what is left of ) banks ' equity capital for new lending .
However , it does not take much to see that both strategies might be highly unpopular .
In particular , to finance capital injections and / or purchases of banks ' risky assets , the government would have to take recourse to tax financing — using either current taxpayer money or , in the case in which the government issues bonds , future taxpayer money .
However , there is the third strategy available to the government , a much more subtle and very powerful way of redistributing peoples ' resources through the hands of the state : increasing inflation by making the central bank buy banks ' risky assets .
In fact , such a strategy amounts to creating inflation via monetizing banks ' risky assets .
If the central bank buys banks ' bond holdings in the amount of US $ 1,440 , banks ' base - money holdings rise to US $ 1,500 , with excess reserves rising to US $ 1,469.90 ( Fig. 4 ) .
Banks ' equity capital ratio rises to 11.3 % , allowing banks to increase credit and money supply by US $ 1,440 .
If banks start lending , the loan supply would increase to US $ 4,875 , with the stock of payments rising to US $ 1,445 ( Fig. 5 ) .
With remaining excess reserves of US $ 1,441.10 , banks could decide to buy government bonds ( for which banks do not have set - aside equity capital ) , thereby increasing the money supply .
However , the societal damage of an accelerating inflation would not stop here if the system of fractional - reserve banking under the auspices of the government remains in place .
High Inflation Does Not Solve the Crisis
In fact , it would be naive to assume that a policy of increasing inflation could prevent the economy from collapsing under its debt burden .
To show this , assume that the economy 's total loan volume in t = 0 is US$ 100 .
With a nominal interest rate of , say , 5 % p.a. ( a real rate of 3 % and inflation expectations of 2 % ) , annual interest payments amount to US$ 5 ( Fig. 6 ) .
Let us also assume that outstanding loans have a maturity of 5 years , so that 20 % of the total loan volume matures every year and needs to be refinanced .
In t = 1 , monetary policy surprises the market ( or more to the point : cheats the people ) by increasing inflation to 4 % .
With an unchanged real rate , the nominal interest rate rises to 7 % .
As a result , borrowers ' interest costs in t = 1 rise to 5.4 % in nominal terms , implying a real interest rate of 1.4 % .
Over time , however , the outstanding stock of loans gets refinanced at elevated market interest rates of 7 % p.a .
In t = 5 , the effective interest costs of loans have increased to a nominal rate of 7 % , implying a real rate of 3 % — the rate that prevailed in t = 0 .
That said , surprise inflation can lower the real interest rate burden on outstanding loans only in the short term — at the expense of creditors .
However , as long as the money system is based on a relentless increase in bank credit and money supply , it would take ongoing surprise inflation to lower the real debt burden , but such a monetary policy would ultimately lead to hyperinflation .
What is more , the experience of surprise inflation could make investors demand a higher risk premium , thereby increasing the real interest rate on loans .
That said , if monetary policy is expected to pursue an inflation policy , the real interest costs on loans outstanding could actually rise — which could lead to even more borrower defaults .
Why Inflation Cannot Last
Mises was aware that an inflation policy could not go on forever , but must break down sooner or later :
We Can’t Kill Our Way to Peace
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Before the US House of Representatives , March 5 , 2008
Mr. Speaker : I rise in opposition to H. Res. 951 , a resolution to condemn Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli civilians .
As one who is consistently against war and violence , I obviously do not support the firing of rockets indiscriminately into civilian populations .
I believe it is appalling that Palestinians are firing rockets that harm innocent Israelis , just as I believe it is appalling that Israel fires missiles into Palestinian areas where children and other non-combatants are killed and injured .
Unfortunately , legislation such as this is more likely to perpetuate violence in the Middle East than contribute to its abatement .
It is our continued involvement and intervention — particularly when it appears to be one - sided — that reduces the incentive for opposing sides to reach a lasting peace agreement .
Additionally , this bill will continue the march toward war with Iran and Syria , as it contains provocative language targeting these countries .
The legislation oversimplifies the Israel / Palestine conflict and the larger unrest in the Middle East by simply pointing the finger at Iran and Syria .
This is another piece in a steady series of legislation passed in the House that intensifies enmity between the United States and Iran and Syria .
My colleagues will recall that we saw a similar steady stream of provocative legislation against Iraq in the years before the US attack on that country .
I strongly believe that we must cease making proclamations involving conflicts that have nothing to do with the United States .
We incur the wrath of those who feel slighted while doing very little to slow or stop the violence .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
The Best of Ron Paul
Father ’s
Day is all about celebrating your dad and so if you ’re looking for a fabulous gift that ’ll tell him he ’s the best dad in the world , then you ’ve come to the right place .
Whatever he ’s into , be it sports , music or gardening , we ’ve got a huge range of fabulous presents that he ’s sure to love .
Best Father 's Day Gifts at Getting Personal
Multi Upload Cushion - World 's Greatest Dad
Multi Photo Upload Framed Print - Happy Father 's Day
Personalised Authentic Stella Glass
Multi Upload Framed Print - Photos with Message
Personalised Glasses Case
Personalised Glass Token Gift - Forever My Dad
Hanging Slate Sign
Embroidered Apron = BBQ
Engraved Stern Whisky Glass
Personalised Lighter gift
Engraved Silver Plated Money Clip
Men 's Bracelet Gift for Dad
Personalised Cufflinks
Father 's Day Toblerone
Personalised Father 's
Day gifts are always a popular choice as you can personalise the items with your dad ’s name and the special message of your choice .
Or why not give him the gift of time with one of our Experience Days !
It 's the ideal way to spend time with him and tick something fun off the list that he 's always wanted to do .
Whether it's a unique break for two , an Aston Martin driving experience of a tour , or his favourite football team 's stadium , he 's sure to love the gift of time together !
President George Bush cited the London July 7 bombings in an interview broadcast last night to justify his support for waterboarding , an interrogation technique widely regarded as torture .
In an interview with the BBC he said information obtained from alleged terrorists helped save lives , and the families of the July 7 victims would understand that .
Bush said waterboarding , which simulates drowning , was not torture and is threatening to veto a congressional bill that would ban it .
In a wide - ranging interview , Bush :
· Defended the existence of Guantánamo Bay where many of those caught up in the US " war on terror " are held , and claimed that the US was a defender of human rights .
· Insisted the US still occupied the moral high ground worldwide .
· Stood by his decision to remove Saddam Hussein and claimed he would be vindicated as long as the US did not leave Iraq prematurely .
· Said he would attend the Beijing Olympics and that he had regular contact with the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , to urge him to do more on the issue of the genocide in the Sudanese province of Darfur .
The president was more forthcoming than normal in defence of his legacy , reflecting that he has less than a year to go in office .
But his most controversial remarks were over waterboarding .
He told the BBC's Matt Frei : " To the critics , I ask them this : when we , within the law , interrogate and get information that protects ourselves and possibly others in other nations to prevent attacks , which attack would they have hoped that we would n't have prevented ?
" And so , the United States will act within the law .
We 'll make sure professionals have the tools necessary to do their job within the law . "
He claimed the families of victims of the July 7 terror attacks in London would understand his position .
" I suspect the families of those victims understand the nature of killers .
What people gotta understand is that we 'll make decisions based upon law .
We 're a nation of law . "
But Bush was undercut by a senior official in his administration who admitted yesterday , for the first time , that waterboarding is illegal .
Stephen Bradbury , head of the justice department 's office of legal counsel , giving evidence to a congressional committee , said : " Let me be clear , though :
There has been no determination by the justice department that the use of waterboarding , under any circumstances , would be lawful under current law . "
In the BBC interview , Bush was asked whether , given waterboarding and other alleged human rights abuses , he could claim the US still occupied the moral high ground .
He replied : " Absolutely . "
He added : " We believe in human rights and human dignity .
We believe in the human condition .
We believe in freedom .
And we 're willing to take the lead .
We 're willing to ask nations to do hard things .
We 're willing to accept responsibilities .
And - yeah , no question in my mind , it 's a nation that 's a force for good .
" And history will judge the decisions made during this period of time as necessary decisions . "
On Guantánamo Bay , where the US has held hundreds of prisoners for years without trial , he said he would " like it to be empty " but he was " comfortable with recognising this is still a dangerous world " .
He said : " There 's some people there that need to be tried .
And there will be a trial .
And they 'll have their day in court .
Unlike what they did to other people .
" Now , there 's great concern about and I can understand this , that these people be given rights .
They 're not willing to grant the same rights to others .
They 'll murder .
But , you gotta understand , they 're getting rights .
And I 'm comfortable with the decisions we 've made . "
Commenting on his legacy , he listed as pluses Afghanistan , Iraq and recognition of the right of Palestinians to their own state .
" You know , dealing with liberating 25 million in Afghanistan is part of what I hope people think of when they look at my presidency .
Being the first president to propose a two - state solution on Israel and Palestine .
I mean , there 's a lot of other issues .
And I 'm happy with Iraq .
" The ... decision to move Saddam Hussein was right .
And this democracy [ in Iraq ] is now taking root .
" And I 'm confident that if America does not become isolationist - you know , and allow the terrorists to take back over , Iraq will succeed . "
He was speaking in advance of a visit to Africa , though he threatened yesterday to delay it because of his confrontation with Congress over the issue of waterboarding .
He urged China to do more to help resolve the Darfur crisis but said that he would still attend the Olympic Games in Beijing .
China is believed to have influence over the Sudanese government because it buys two - thirds of the country 's oil exports while selling it weapons and defending it in the UN .
He also urged South Africa to play a greater role in confronting Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's president .
· This article was amended on Tuesday February 19 2008 .
Gosh , I can't recall if anyone could have predicted this ...
NYTimes ( reg. req'd . )
Alberto R. Gonzales , like many others recently unemployed , has discovered how difficult it can be to find a new job .
Mr. Gonzales , the former attorney general , who was forced to resign last year , has been unable to interest law firms in adding his name to their roster , Washington lawyers and his associates said in recent interviews .
He has , through friends , put out inquiries , they said , and has not found any takers .
What makes Mr. Gonzales 's case extraordinary is that former attorneys general , the government 's chief lawyer , are typically highly sought .
A longtime loyalist to George W. Bush dating to their years together in Texas , Mr. Gonzales was once widely viewed as a strong candidate to be the first Hispanic - American nominated one day to the Supreme Court .
A graduate of Harvard Law School , he carried an impressive personal story as the child of poor Mexican immigrants .
Despite those credentials , he left office last August with a frayed reputation over his role in the dismissal of several federal prosecutors and the truthfulness of his testimony about a secret eavesdropping program .
He has had no full - time job since his resignation , and his principal income has come from giving a handful of talks at colleges and before private business groups .
" Maybe the passage of time will provide some opportunity for him , " said one Washington lawyer who was aware of an inquiry to his firm from a Gonzales associate .
" I would n't say ' rebuffed , ' " said the lawyer , who asked his name not be used because the situation being described was uncomfortable for Mr. Gonzales .
" I would say ' not taken up . ' "
AT THE World Economic Forum in Davos in January 2001 , the mood was sombre .
The dotcom bubble had burst spectacularly , the Nasdaq stockmarket had crashed , and the American economy was tipping into recession .
Yet most continental Europeans were breezily optimistic .
The long years of being lectured about their inadequacies by the Anglo - Saxons were over .
Europe had wisely skipped the dotcom mania , and its new currency , the euro , was giving the continent a boost .
Some Europeans even dreamed of taking over as the motor of the world economy .
But it was not to be , as Europe promptly fell into a deeper recession even than America .
Seven years on , the parallels are uncanny .
Continental Europe has sensibly avoided America 's subprime follies , it is argued .
Its banks are in better shape , average euro - area unemployment of 7.1 % is the lowest in almost 20 years , the euro is resurgent and , as Joaquín Almunia , the engaging European economics commissioner , insists , there is no sign of a recession .
The commission will trim its forecasts later this month , but euro - area growth is likely to stay close to 2 % this year .
It is true that the European Central Bank ( ECB ) in Frankfurt has , like America 's Federal Reserve , flooded the financial system with liquidity in response to the credit crunch .
But unlike the Fed , it has not so far felt the need to bring down interest rates .
Just as in 2001 , however , the outlook for the euro area seems to be deteriorating a lot faster than the optimists had expected .
After all , the main reason that the ECB has been reluctant to cut rates is not because growth is so robust but because inflation has picked up to 3.5 % — the highest in the euro 's nine - year existence .
Troubles in the region 's two biggest export markets — recession in America and slowdown in Britain — are starting to bite .
Exports to Asia have been strong , especially from Germany , but in most countries nervous consumers remain reluctant to spend .
And two bigger worries have emerged .
The first is the strength of the euro .
A weaker dollar is driving an American export boom ; a stronger euro is likely to have the opposite effect in Europe .
Mr Almunia says the euro is “ overvalued ” and adds that , although the impact has been moderate so far , “ we are at the limits , if not beyond them . ”
It is a delusion to suppose that euro - area exports can continue to barrel on regardless of their cost .
The second worry is the housing market .
Europe may have avoided the American subprime mess , but in several countries house prices have been even bubblier than in America .
They are already falling in Spain and Ireland , and , beyond the euro zone , are starting to do so in Britain .
A property bust may not produce an American - style mortgage meltdown , but it will surely topple economies heavily dependent on construction ( which accounts for 15 % or more of Spanish and Irish GDP , for example ) .
Indeed , Mr Almunia 's home country of Spain appears especially vulnerable .
He maintains that Anglo - Saxon commentators are excessively pessimistic about Spain 's prospects .
But the signs of a sharp slowdown are clear even to the re-elected prime minister , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , who has announced a fiscal stimulus to help Spain weather the “ turbulence ” .
Given that Spain has in recent years accounted for a big chunk of euro - zone growth and close to half of all jobs created in the euro area , its slowdown will be widely felt .
And not just in economics .
It will be a lot harder to sell the EU 's ambitious plans to cut CO2 emissions in a faltering economy , for instance .
The political fallout will be felt in other ways too , because of the differential performance of euro - area economies .
Mr Almunia admits that France and Italy are a lot weaker than Germany ; soon enough , French and Italian leaders ( especially if Silvio Berlusconi wins Italy 's imminent election ) will squeal ever more loudly about the euro 's strength , the ECB 's rigid monetary policy and , quite possibly , will demand that their industries be protected from “ unfair ” competition .
Such pressure will be resisted by the Germans , who remain comfortable with the euro 's strength and always hate criticism of the ECB .
The dark face of success
Even critics of the euro would concede that it has had considerable success , establishing itself in less than a decade as a genuine rival to the dollar as a world currency .
But that success disguises two failings .
The first is that some countries have adapted a lot better to the discipline of the euro than others .
Germany and the Netherlands have cut labour costs and introduced enough reforms to make their economies more competitive .
France , Spain and especially Italy have done less — and are suffering more , from both the euro 's rise and the global slowdown .
The second failing is an ironic flipside of success .
To qualify for the euro in the late 1990s , countries such as Italy and Spain had to make swingeing fiscal and structural adjustments .
Yet by shielding weaker countries from a currency crisis , the euro now relieves much of the pressure on them to keep up reforms .
In fact , these are more essential than ever now that countries have lost the option of devaluing their currencies to regain competitiveness and offset relatively slow productivity growth .
As Mr Almunia sadly concedes , it has proved impossible “ to compensate for the lack of market incentives for reform through policy co-ordination and peer pressure ” .
In truth , as the euro approaches its tenth birthday celebrations , it is facing the biggest test of its short life .
If Europe follows America into recession , which is quite possible , the pain will be a lot greater in the Mediterranean countries than in Germany and northern Europe .
Not surprisingly , the political response from the two regions will also be quite different .
Even as it prepares to expand once more to take in Slovakia and later other countries from eastern Europe , the euro is about to show the world that it is not yet an optimal currency area — and the demonstration may not be a pretty one .
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- Sen. Hillary Clinton claimed victory in Pennsylvania on Tuesday , beating out Sen. Barack Obama after a bruising six - week campaign .
Sen . Hillary Clinton addresses supporters following her win in Pennsylvania .
more photos »
" It 's a long road to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , and it runs right through the heart of Pennsylvania , " she told supporters in Philadelphia .
" I'm in this race to fight for you ...
You know you can count on me to stand up strong for you every single day in the White House . "
Clinton commended Obama and his campaign , saying the two are in many ways " on this journey together . "
Watch Clinton claim victory »
Clinton 's big - state victory follows her wins in Ohio , New York , Texas and California .
Her campaign said that should raise questions about whether Obama , who leads Clinton in the overall Democratic race , can beat presumptive Republican nominee John McCain in November .
" The tide is turning , " Clinton told cheering supporters .
Chelsea Clinton 's eyes welled with tears as she watched her mother speak .
With about 99 percent of precincts reporting , Clinton was leading Obama by 10 points .
Watch what Obama 's campaign says about the results »
Clinton will pick up a majority of the state 's 158 delegates .
" Yesterday , we had record turnout in Pennsylvania , " she said on CNN's " American Morning " Wednesday .
" I won that double - digit victory that everybody on TV said I had to win , and the voters of Pennsylvania clearly made their views known -- that they think I would be the best president and the better candidate to go against Sen. McCain .
" It was inspiring and so exciting because this has been a six - week campaign , one on one .
Voters got to look at both of us , consider both of us .
I was outspent three to one , and the results were just enormously exciting and gratifying to me . "
But the win still leaves Obama ahead in the race to the Democrats '
August convention in Denver , and he is likely to hold that lead unless " the wheels come off his wagon , " said CNN analyst David Gergen , a former adviser to both Republican and Democratic candidates .
" He came up short , but it does n't look like the wheels came off , " Gergen said .
" That 's going to be her problem .
I do n't see her way to the nomination .
The wheels are n't coming off the wagon unless there is some new , big revelation . "
According to CNN 's latest count , Obama leads in the delegate count -- 1,694 to 1,556 .
He also leads in the popular vote and the number of states won so far this primary season .
See how the delegate race has played out so far
CNN analyst and Clinton supporter Paul Begala said Clinton still scored " an extraordinary victory " in Pennsylvania .
Obama congratulated Clinton on her win and looked ahead to the May 6 contests in North Carolina and Indiana .
Watch Obama congratulate Clinton »
" There were a lot of folks who did n't think we could make this a race when it started , " he said in Evansville , Indiana .
" But we worked hard ...
And now , six weeks later , we closed the gap .
We rallied people of every age and race and background to the cause .
And whether they were inspired for the first time or for the first time in a long time , we registered a record number of voters , and it is those new voters who will lead our party to victory in November . "
Obama drew more than 90 percent of the vote among Pennsylvania 's black voters , who are heavily concentrated around Philadelphia .
African - Americans made up about 14 percent of Tuesday 's vote .
But whites made up about 80 percent -- and voted 60 - 40 for Clinton .
Her supporters turned out heavily in Pittsburgh and the counties of western Pennsylvania , and she was racking up similarly lopsided margins in the state 's industrial northeast , the exit polls found .
See the exit polls
Obama also scored big with new Democrats in Pennsylvania .
One out of every seven Democratic party voters was not registered as a Democrat at the beginning of the year , and 60 percent of them cast their ballot for Obama , according to the exit polls .
Clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the last week , the exit polls showed .
Fifty - eight percent of those voters said they chose the New York senator .
That includes voters who made up their mind in the aftermath of last week 's heated Democratic debate .
Clinton also got the support of older voters , with 61 percent of those age 65 or older backing her , according to the polls .
In recent weeks , Clinton fended off calls to drop out of the race as the increasingly bruising primary fight raised worries from within the party that the daily cycle of charge - and - countercharge could hurt the Democrats ' chances in the general election .
Neither candidate is expected to win the 2,025 delegates needed to clinch the nomination by the end of the primary season in June .
Call races for yourself and see how delegates add up »
The superdelegates -- party leaders and officials -- then could decide the nomination .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Chris Welch contributed to this report .
All About Pennsylvania • Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama
Law school student Kumari Fulbright , 25 , faces a long prison sentence if convicted of kidnapping , armed robbery , aggravated robbery and two counts of aggravated assault .
Fulbright , who competed for the Miss Arizona title in 2005 and 2006 , features in a 2008 calendar in which bikini - clad women pose with guns .
She recently completed a stint working for a federal judge .
She is accused of holding and torturing her 24 - year - old ex-boyfriend in early December with the help of three other men .
It is believed the dispute began when her ex-boyfriend was accused of stealing jewellery given to Fulbright by another former boyfriend , Robert Ergonis , 44 , who is one of the three men accused of helping in the kidnap plot .
The men allegedly bound the victim with plastic ties and duct tape and threatened him with a gun .
Fulbright is then accused of biting the man on his forearm , right hand and ear , holding a knife to his head and telling him she was going to kill him .
He managed to escape after freeing a hand and grabbing the gun , which discharged , causing no harm .
A police complaint said the suspects stole the victim's wallet , some money , his mobile phone and briefcase .
Fulbright was freed from custody after a $ 50,000 bond was posted .
So far our four - day work week experiment is working .
We have n’t found ourselves collectively wishing we had an extra work day a week .
We have n’t found ourselves gasping for extra hours .
Instead I feel like we ’ve been more focused and working better together .
Since going to the four - day work week just about a month ago we ’ve released the following updates :
Could we have gotten more good work done if we worked those extra five Fridays ?
I seriously doubt it .
Would we have been happier working five extra days over the last 30 ?
I seriously doubt it .
Is a four - day work week better for morale and productivity than a typical five - day work week ?
I seriously believe it .
One thing I ’ve come to realize is that urgency is overrated .
In fact , I ’ve come to believe urgency is poisonous .
Urgency may get things done a few days sooner , but what does it cost in morale ?
Few things burn morale like urgency .
Urgency is acidic .
Emergency is the only urgency .
Almost anything else can wait a few days .
It ’s OK .
There are exceptions ( a trade show , a conference ) , but those are rare .
When a few days extra turns into a few weeks extra then there ’s a problem , but what really has to be done by Friday that ca n’t wait for Monday or Tuesday ?
If your deliveries are that critical to the hour or day , maybe you ’re setting up false priorities and dangerous expectations .
If you ’re a just - in - time provider of industry parts then precise deadlines and deliveries may be required , but in the software industry urgency is self - imposed and morale - busting .
If stress is a weed , urgency is the seed .
Do n’t plant it if you can help it .
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- Red hot and ripped from the New York Post 's " Page Six , " America 's No. 1 gossip column : " Our civilization has become extremely dumbed down , with shorter attention spans , " says Joan Collins , that lovable " super - bitchy " Alexis Carrington Colby from the 1980s hit soap opera Dynasty .
" All they want are sound bites , " says Collins , blaming celeb - mags .
But it 's more .
She 's spotlighting a disastrous cultural trend turning us into a " world of idiots . "
Not just in gossip columns and celeb - mags .
Everywhere -- worst in the endlessly annoying election coverage where anchors , pundits and pollsters are degrading news to Britney - style tabloid voyeurism with their self - indulgent bickering over sound bites like " bitter " and " sniperfire . "
So with thanks to Collins and " Page Six , " here 's my new collection of hot economic sound bites Washington and Wall Street probably hopes you missed .
In a world where nobody 's really " connecting the dots , " here 's your chance to do it .
Play with some of these gossipy " bites " from the far corners of the financial world and connect the isolated " dots " into a whole prediction of the future :
1. Warning :
It 's not a ' Black Swan ' if it was n't ' improbable ! '
Seems everyone 's talking about Nassim Nicholas Taleb 's " The Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable . "
But is he really telling us the " true story " behind the housing , subprime - credit meltdown that 's sinking us ever deeper into a recession ?
Or were recent events not only probable and predictable but obvious , even intentional and well - known for years in Washington and Wall Street ?
Keep these questions in mind as you struggle to " connect the dots " and predict the future .
Why ?
Because you 're " probably " being mislead again about the " probability " of a new , bigger meltdown dead ahead , with a high " probability " of a long - term " no - growth " economy .
2. ' Bad Money ' is now America 's ' real economy '
Onetime Nixon strategist , Kevin Phillips just published a brilliant analysis of today 's problems : " Bad Money : Reckless Finance , Failed Politics and the Global Crisis of American Capitalism . "
He tells me we 're all " failing to connect the dots , " failing to see our " nation 's deepening tragedy " in historical context .
" Bad Money " ( mainly Wall Street and its buddies in real estate and insurance ) has been building for over two decades .
In one brief generation our total debt quintupled to $ 50 trillion .
Manufacturing was cut in half , from 25 % to 12 % , while " Bad Money " doubled , from 10 % to 20 % , in our GDP .
Now " Bad Money " is the world 's " real , real economy , " setting up a new and bigger disaster .
3. ' Economic Armageddon ' dead ahead ?
Four years ago Steven Roach , chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia , warned that we had only a 10 % chance of avoiding " economic Armageddon . "
George Soros , Bill Gross , Jeremy Grantham and others saw it coming .
But not politicians : Alan Greenspan , Ben Bernanke and Henry Paulson knew , but they hate having their ideologies challenged .
So when the meltdown hit last summer , they made excuses .
Refused to take responsibility .
Invented " blueprints " to perpetuate the outdated free - market economics that got us into the mess .
Warning : Myopic politicians and their pandering ideologies , not economists , will trigger the eventual Armageddon .
4 . Can anything stop this ' lethal chain of endless bubbles ?'
Phillips quotes Roach : The Fed has " mismanaged the biggest risk of our times ...
America 's bubbles have gotten bigger , as have the segments of the real economy that have been infected . "
Higher interest rates are " the only hope America has for breaking the lethal chain of endless bubbles . "
But " endless ? "
Maybe not , as long as Washington and Wall Street remain obsessed with " growth " as America 's main economic goal .
5. Unintended consequences : Biofuels triggering inflation
" Biofuel " was Wall Street 's hot new commodity .
So Congress gave Big - Farma billions in subsidies for ethanol .
Result ?
Disaster !
World food prices skyrocketed 83 % in three years .
Rice is up from around $ 100 a ton five years ago to $ 1,000 a ton in the last few days on some world markets .
And food riots are scaring not just leaders in developing countries , but in the U.S. , the United Nations , IMF and World Bank .
Still , we ignore the real problem : Demanding , consuming -- and wasting -- too much oil .
6. Congressional subsidies for ethanol ... a global disaster !
Stocks , Options & Futures Magazine put events in a historical context :
We 're repeating 1970s errors in " the worst spate of economic mismanagement since the Great Depression .
A huge policy mistake : Stock market historians are fond of noting that bull markets do not die , they are killed .
Economists are fond of noting that inflation simply does not happen , it is created by policy decisions . "
Bottom line : " The present situation in the food and agriculture sector falls into some combination of ineptitude and reckless abandon ...
The subsidized production of ethanol from corn was a gigantic policy mistake . "
7. Irony : Fed 's emphasis on growth will kill economic ' growth '
Wake up : The Fed 's charter is simple .
In theory , it is balancing economic growth and inflation control .
In practice , growth invariably wins .
Result : Fed decisions exacerbate , expand and extend recessions as history repeats .
They 've lowered rates again , proving that " growth " remains the dominate economic policy driving not just at the Fed , but all of Washington , Wall Street and Corporate America , as ideology trumps common sense .
8. America 's economic failures are spreading worldwide
From the International Herald Tribune : Under a photo of " Emma Linnane in her apartment in Dublin .
Its value has decline by $ 100,000 . "
Opening line : " The collapse of housing bubble in the U.S. is mutating into a global phenomenon " -- Spain , India , the Baltics .
" This synchronized global slowdown , which has become increasingly stark in recent months , is hobbling economic growth worldwide , affecting not just homes , but also jobs ... the downturn could turn into a wholesale collapse . "
9 . Weak politicians and strong lobbyists running America
In spite of deepening problems , it 's business as usual in Washington .
Politicians are lost souls , incapable of solving problems .
Why ?
Lobbyists run Washington : The New York Times says lobbyists are loading the homeowners ' relief bill , the " Foreclosure Prevention Act , " with huge unrelated tax credits for big businesses , automakers and airlines .
10 . ' Core inflation ' is a Washington hoax
Making matters worse :
The producer price index is up 7 % .
And yet Washington is obsessed with " core inflation , " preferring the lower 2 % CPI index .
Net result ?
Policy - makers ignore food and energy inflation .
But that just makes inflation worse !
Reagan 's Council of Economic Advisers chairman , Marty Feldstein , warned in The Wall Street Journal that keeping interest rates low is " only fueling inflation and political instability around the world . "
The real fear : Honesty about inflation will force Social Security payments up .
11 . America 's free - market policies failing world economies
" Free market forces are vital , " says Columbia University economist Jeffrey Sachs in " Common Wealth : Economics for a Crowded Planet . "
But in U.S. News and World Report , he warns that free market forces " are limited when you have people so poor they are essentially isolated from markets . "
Sachs estimates that it would take less than 1 % of the income of developed countries to end poverty .
But greedy leaders fear a loss of power if the poor prospered .
Result ?
Expect more riots and rebellions , worsened by protectionist tariffs and regulations in developed countries .
12 . Warning , Adam Smith's ' growth - at - all - costs ' is dead
In " Deep Economy " environmental economist Bill McKibben warns that our self - indulgent focus on growth - at - all - costs is ending : " For most of human history the two birds " More " and " Better " roosted on the same branch ... that 's why the centuries since Adam Smith have been devoted to the dogged pursuit of maximum economic production . "
But " Better has flown a few trees over . "
Today , not only is growth no longer creating a better world for the vast majority , " greater wealth no longer makes us happier , " not even the rich .
13 .
Are entitlements killing America 's revolutionary spirit ?
Maybe it 's all in our heads : Since 1776 " too many Americans have twisted the sensible right to pursue happiness into the delusion that we are entitled to a guarantee of happiness , " says Susan Jacoby in " The Age of American Unreason . "
" If we do n't get exactly what we want , we assume someone must be violating our rights . "
14 . Black Swan ?
Or last step before ' no - growth ' economics ?
So how did you " connect the dots ? "
Do you believe today 's recession is an " improbable " Black Swan ?
Or was it not only probable and predictable years ago , but are we now seeing 14 clear signs of an even bigger meltdown dead ahead ?
Now here 's the ultimate question challenging you and me :
If Wall Street and Washington are killing Adam Smith's " growth " principle as America 's main economic goal , how will a " no - growth " world economy impact your daily lifestyle , investment strategy and retirement nest egg ?
Comments :
Tell us your thoughts !
Gemeinsam mit unserem freundlichen Kanzlei - Team sorgen wir dafür , dass Sie in unserer Rechtsanwaltskanzlei in der Siegener Str. 104 – 106 in Kreuztal bei Siegen gut betreut und qualifiziert beraten werden .
Unsere Kanzlei ist vollständig behindertengerecht eingerichtet und barrierefrei durch den Eingang des Hauses Siegener Straße 106 zu erreichen .
Vereinbaren Sie noch einen Termin .
Unsere Kanzleiphilosophie
Unserer Kanzleiphilosophie entspricht es , dass wir ständig darum bemüht sind , Ihnen einen Service zu bieten , der Ihren Ansprüchen gerecht wird .
Schließlich stehen Sie als Mandant im Mittelpunkt unserer Tätigkeit als Rechtsanwalt in Siegen .
Unser Auftrag als Rechtsanwalt ist es , Sie als unseren Mandanten bestmöglich zu beraten und eine individuelle , maßgeschneiderte Lösung für Ihr rechtliches Anliegen zu finden .
Uns liegt es am Herzen , dass Sie gut informiert sind .
Deshalb klären wir Sie auch umfassend über möglicherweise entstehende Kosten auf .
Einen ersten Überblick bietet unser Kostenhinweis .
Ihre Rechtsanwaltskanzlei in Siegen steht Ihnen bei Fragen jederzeit zur Verfügung .
Unser Beratungsangebot
Als Rechtsanwalt in Siegen und Kreuztal erläutern wir Ihnen im Rahmen unserer kostengünstigen Rechtsberatung die Rechtslage und geben Ihnen konkrete Handlungsempfehlungen .
Selbstverständlich erhalten Sie vor der Beratung ein konkretes Honorarangebot .
So behalten Sie jederzeit die volle Kostenkontrolle .
Unser Beratungsangebot können
Sie sowohl vor Ort in unserer Kanzlei in Kreuztal in der Nähe von Siegen , als auch per Internet , Post oder Telefon in Anspruch nehmen .
Sollten
Sie nicht in Siegen oder Umgebung wohnen oder sollten sie die Beratung durch einen Rechtsanwalt über das Internet schätzen , bietet sich unsere Onlinerechtsberatung an .
Unsere Onlinerechtsberatung steht der klassischen Rechtsberatung in der Rechtsanwaltskanzlei in nichts nach und wird gerne von unseren Mandanten in Anspruch genommen .
Als ansässiger Rechtsanwalt in Kreuztal kümmern wir uns nicht nur um alle Ratsuchenden aus dem Raum Siegen Wittgenstein , sondern auch aus dem gesamten Bundesgebiet .
Am schnellsten können Sie uns telefonisch über unsere „ Rechtsanwaltshotline “ erreichen .
Sie erreichen uns unter : 02732 791079 .
Selbstverständlich finden
Sie uns auch in den verschiedenen Anwaltsverzeichnissen und über den Anwalt Suchservice unter „ Rechtsanwalt in Siegen “ .
Нет такой страницы , Барин , 404 !
Миллионы натренированных обезъян облазили весь блог и не нашли ничего подходящего , что могло бы соответствовать запрашиваемому адресу .
Ниже приведён список нескольких случайных записей из этого блога , может быть там будет что - то интересное ?
Respected Leaders and Families Launch 9/11 Truth Statement Demanding Deeper Investigation into the Events of 9/11
NEW YORK CITY , NY ( Oct. 26 , 2004 ) ( Updated Sep. 11 , 2009 ) –
An alliance of 100 prominent Americans and 40 family members of those killed on 9/11 today announced the release of the 911 Truth Statement , a call for immediate inquiry into evidence that suggests high - level government officials may have deliberately allowed the September 11th attacks to occur .
The Statement supports an August 31st Zogby poll that found nearly 50 % of New Yorkers believe the government had foreknowledge and “ consciously failed to act , ” with 66 % wanting a new 9/11 investigation .
Focusing on twelve questions , the Statement highlights areas of incriminating evidence that were either inadequately explored or ignored by the Kean Commission , ranging from insider trading and hijacker funding to foreign government forewarnings and inactive defenses around the Pentagon .
The Statement asks for four actions : an immediate investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer , Congressional hearings , media analysis , and the formation of a truly independent citizens - based inquiry .
The Statement ’s list of signatories includes notables spanning the political spectrum , from Presidential candidates Ralph Nader , Michael Badnarik , and David Cobb to Catherine Austin Fitts , a member of the first Bush administration , as well as Washington veterans like Pentagon whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg and retired CIA analyst Ray McGovern .
Other signers range from peace activists like Global Exchange ’s Kevin Danaher to former US Ambassador and Chief of Mission to Iraq , Edward L. Peck ; from environmentalists like Randy Hayes and John Robbins ; from populist journalist Ronnie Dugger to renowned investigative reporter Kelly Patricia O’Meara .
The Statement also includes 43 noted authors , including New York Times # 1 bestseller John Gray , as well as 18 eminent professors , historians , and theologians .
Other notables include five - term Georgia Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney , singers Michelle Shocked and Michael Franti , and actors Ed Asner and Mimi Kennedy .
The Statement was facilitated by 911truth.org , a leading coalition .
The organization has also announced a press conference outside of Eliot Spitzer ’s Manhattan office ( corner of Cedar and Nassau ) at 2:00 PM on Thursday , Oct. 28th where 9/11 family members and victim group representatives will file a formal complaint demanding the first criminal investigation of 9/11 events by the New York Attorney General .
Page Update 9/9/2009 : Following is the actual statement endorsed by these signatories , as referred to in the press release above .
The Statement
We Want Real Answers About 9/11
On August 31 , 2004 , Zogby International , the official North American political polling agency for Reuters , released a poll that found nearly half ( 49.3 % ) of New York City residents and 41 % of those in New York state believe US leaders had foreknowledge of impending 9/11 attacks and “ consciously failed ” to act .
Of the New York City residents , 66 % called for a new probe of unanswered questions by Congress or the New York Attorney General .
In connection with this news , we have assembled 100 notable Americans and 40 family members of those who died to sign this 9/11 Statement , which calls for immediate public attention to unanswered questions that suggest that people within the current administration may indeed have deliberately allowed 9/11 to happen , perhaps as a pretext for war .
We want truthful answers to questions such as :
Why were standard operating procedures for dealing with hijacked airliners not followed that day ?
Why were the extensive missile batteries and air defenses reportedly deployed around the Pentagon not activated during the attack ?
Why did the Secret Service allow Bush to complete his elementary school visit , apparently unconcerned about his safety or that of the schoolchildren ?
Why has n’t a single person been fired , penalized , or reprimanded for the gross incompetence we witnessed that day ?
Why have n’t authorities in the U.S. and abroad published the results of multiple investigations into trading that strongly suggested foreknowledge of specific details of the 9/11 attacks , resulting in tens of millions of dollars of traceable gains ?
Why has Sibel Edmonds , a former FBI translator who claims to have knowledge of advance warnings , been publicly silenced with a gag order requested by Attorney General Ashcroft and granted by a Bush - appointed judge ?
How could Flight 77 , which reportedly hit the Pentagon , have flown back towards Washington D.C. for 40 minutes without being detected by the FAA ’s radar or the even superior radar possessed by the US military ?
How were the FBI and CIA able to release the names and photos of the alleged hijackers within hours , as well as to visit houses , restaurants , and flight schools they were known to frequent ?
What happened to the over 20 documented warnings given our government by 14 foreign intelligence agencies or heads of state ?
Why did the Bush administration cover up the fact that the head of the Pakistani intelligence agency was in Washington the week of 9/11 and reportedly had $ 100,000 wired to Mohamed Atta , considered the ringleader of the hijackers ?
Why did the 911 Commission fail to address most of the questions posed by the families of the victims , in addition to almost all of the questions posed here ?
Why was Philip Zelikow chosen to be the Executive Director of the ostensibly independent 911 Commission although he had co-authored a book with Condoleezza Rice ?
Those who are demanding deeper inquiry now number in the hundreds of thousands , including a former member of the first Bush administration , a retired Air Force colonel , a European parliamentarian , families of the victims , highly respected authors , investigative journalists , peace and justice leaders , former Pentagon staff , and the National Green Party .
As Americans of conscience , we ask for four things :
An immediate investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer Immediate investigation in Congressional Hearings .
Media attention to scrutinize and investigate the evidence .
The formation of a truly independent citizens - based inquiry .
Given the importance of the coming election , we feel it is imperative that these questions be addressed publicly , honestly , and rigorously so that Americans may exercise their democratic rights with full awareness .
In closing , we pray and hope for the strength to approach this subject with wisdom and compassion so that we may heal from the wounds inflicted on that terrible day .
Signed ,
Signatories
Note :
All organizations are mentioned for identification purposes only .
Individuals have signed this statement as an act of their own conscience , not to signify organizational endorsement .
Update 9/11/2009 : Signatories removed .
Posted by Janice Matthews , current Director , 911 Truth.org
Following recent media - generated controversy over Obama appointee Van Jones ’ signature on this Statement , he and two other signatories have requested their names be removed .
That has been done .
Virginia Deane Abernethy , Ph.D. , anthropologist , author , Population Politics Ed Asner , actor , activist Marshall Auerback , international portfolio strategist for David W. Tice & Associates , Inc. Catherine Austin Fitts , Asst.
Secretary of Housing in the first Bush administration Keidi Obi Awadu , aka The Conscious Rasta , talk show host , LIBRadio Michael Badnarik , Libertarian candidate for President Byron Belitsos , publisher , Origin Press , author Planetary Democracy Philip J. Berg , Esquire , former deputy attorney general , Pennsylvania Medea Benjamin , activist , author , co-founder , Global Exchange and Code Pink Dennis Bernstein , investigative reporter , radio host of KPFA ’s Flashpoints Steve Bhaerman aka Swami Beyondananda , author , political comedian Brad Blanton , Ph.D. , psychotherapist , author , Radical Honesty Saniel Bonder , spiritual teacher and author , Great Relief Dr. Robert Bowman , USAF Lt. Col. ( Rtd. ) , founder , Institute for Space and Security Studies John Buchanan , author , candidate for the Republican Party Presidential nomination , 2004 Gray Brechin , Ph.D. , author , environmental historian , professor , UC Berkeley Fred Burks , presidential interpreter for Bush , Clinton , Cheney , and Gore Norma Carr - Rufino , Ph.D. , author , professor of management , San Francisco State University Angana Chatterji , Ph.D. , scholar - activist and professor of anthropology Paul Cienfuegos , co-founder , Democracy Unlimited of Humboldt County David Cobb , attorney , national presidential candidate , US Green Party John Cobb , Ph.D. , theologian , co-author , For the Common Good Ernest Callenbach , founder / editor , Film Quarterly , author , Ecotopia Kevin Danaher , Ph.D. , author , speaker , co-founder , Global Exchange Stephen Dinan , author , Radical Spirit Ronnie Dugger , journalist / author , co-founder , Alliance for Democracy Daniel Ellsberg , author , Secrets : A Memoir of Vietnam and the Pentagon Papers ( Name removed by request 9/9/2009 ) Richard Falk , Professor Emeritus of International Law , Princeton University Michael Franti , musician , filmmaker , human rights worker Janeane Garofalo , actress , comedienne , talk show host , Air America Radio Jim Garrison , Ph.D. , president , State of the World Forum , author , America as Empire Bruce Gagnon , Chair , Global Network Against Weapons & Nuclear Power in Space Ric Giardina , author , consultant , speaker , former Director of Trademarks and Brands for Intel John Gray , Ph.D. , # 1 bestselling author , Men Are from Mars , Women Are from Venus Stan Goff , 25 - year Army Special Ops veteran , author , Full Spectrum Disorder Melvin Goodman , senior fellow , Center for International Policy , author , former Senior Analyst , CIA , professor , National War College Morton Goulder , Deputy Secretary for Intelligence and Warning under Nixon , Ford , and Carter David Ray Griffin , Ph.D. , theologian , author , New Pearl Harbor Doris “ Granny D ” Haddock , campaign finance crusader , NH Democratic candidate for Senate Thom Hartmann , radio host ; author , Unequal Protection Richie Havens , singer , songwriter , performer , artist ( Name removed by request 9/9/2009 ) Randy Hayes , founder , Rainforest Action Network , US National Director , Direction Conservation Richard Heinberg , author , The Party ’s Over , core faculty , New College of California ( Name removed by request 9/10/2009 ) Rob Kall , editor , OpEdNews.com , president , Futurehealth , Inc. Georgia Kelly , executive director , Praxis Peace Institute Sean Kelly , Ph.D. , author , professor of philosophy and religion , CA Institute of Integral Studies John Joseph Kennedy , Democratic Write - in Presidential Candidate for 2004 Mimi Kennedy , actress , Dharma and Greg , progressive activist Faiz Khan , M.D. , Triage Emergency Physician on 9/11 , Assistant Imam David Korten , author , When Corporations Rule the World Frances Moore Lappe , author , Diet for a Small Planet ; founder , Small Planet Institute Scott M. Legere , 25 year radio broadcaster as Scott Ledger , Tampa FL Rabbi Michael Lerner , editor , TIKKUN Magazine , author , Healing Israel / Palestine Michael Levine , bestselling author of Deep Cover , journalist , 25 - year veteran of the DEA Joanna Macy , Ph.D. , eco-philosopher , author Enver Masud , founder , The Wisdom Fund , author , The Truth About Islam John McCarthy , former Special Forces Captain , president , Veterans Equal Rights Protection Advocacy Ray McGovern , former CIA analyst , co-founder , Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity Cynthia McKinney , five - term Congresswoman from Georgia Ralph Metzner , Ph.D. , author , professor , co-founder , Green Earth Foundation Mark Crispin Miller , media critic , author , professor , New York University Joseph W. Montaperto , New York City Fire Department Leuren Moret , geoscientist , radiation specialist , environmental commissioner Ralph Nader , Independent candidate for President Craig Neal , author , co-founder , The Heartland Institute , former publisher , Utne Reader Jeff Norman , executive director , Tour of Duty Jenna Orkin , Esquire , World Trade Center Environmental Organization Kelly Patricia O’Meara , investigative journalist , public relations Michael Parenti , Ph.D. , author , Superpatriotism and The Terrorism Trap Edward L. Peck , former US Ambassador and Chief of Mission to Iraq , former Deputy Director to the White House Task Force on Terrorism Peter Phillips , Ph.D. , professor , Sonoma State University , director , Project Censored Henri Poole , Internet pioneer , board member , Free Software Foundation Robert Rabbin , author , speaker , creator of TruthForPresident.org Paul H. Ray , Ph.D. , sociologist , author , The Cultural Creatives John Renesch , business futurist , author , Getting to the Better Future John Rensenbrink , professor emeritus , Bowdoin College , co-founder , US Green Party John Robbins , author , founder , EarthSave International William Rodriguez , 9/11 rescue effort hero , founder , Hispanic Victims Group Neal Rogin , Emmy - award winning writer , performer , social observer Allen Roland , Ph.D. , psychotherapist , published author and peace activist Rosemary Radford Ruether , professor of feminist theology , Graduate Theological Union Michael Ruppert , publisher / editor , From The Wilderness , author , Crossing the Rubicon Chris Sanders , founder , Sanders Research Associates Karl W. B. Schwarz , President , CEO , Patmos Nanotechnologies , LLC Peter Dale Scott , Ph.D. , Professor Emeritus , author , Drugs , Oil , and War Firefighter Kevin Shea , FDNY Hazmat Operations Michelle Shocked , singer / songwriter , activist Indira Singh , risk management and computer systems consultant J. Michael Springmann , attorney , former Foreign Service Officer , US Department of State Douglas Sturm , Ph.D. , university professor emeritus , Bucknell University Marjorie Hewit Suchocki , Ph.D. , theologian , author Chuck Turner , Boston City Council James W. Walter Jr. , venture investor , philanthropist , founder of Walden Three Dan Whaley , E- commerce pioneer , founder of GetThere.com , acquired for $ 750 M Burns H. Weston , J.S.D. , Professor of Law Emeritus , Director , Center for Human Rights , U - Iowa Howard Zinn , professor , historian , author , A People ’s History of the United States
Family Members
Joanne Barbara , wife of FDNY Asst. Chief of Dept. Gerard Barbara Gayle Barker , sister of William A. Karnes , WTC Michele Bergsohn , wife of Alvin Bergsohn , Cantor Fitzgerald Derrill Bodley , father of Deora Bodley , passenger on Flight 93 Kathryn C. Bowden , sister of Thomas H. Bowden , Jr. WTC1 , 104th floor Janet Calia , wife of Dominick Calia , Cantor Fitzgerald , WTC1 Maggie Cashman , wife of William Joseph Cashman , United Flight 93 Lynne Castrianno Galante , sister of Leonard Castrianno , 1WTC , 105th floor Elza Chapa - McGowan , daughter of Rosemary Chapa , Pentagon Bruce De Cell , father - in - law of Mark Petrocelli North Tower , 92nd floor Ralph D’Esposito , father of Michael D’Esposito , WTC , 96th floor Loisanne Diehl , Surviving Spouse , Michael D. Diehl , WTC2 , 90th floor Adina D. Eisenberg , sister of Eric Eisenberg , WTC Jonathan M. Fisher , son of Dr. Gerald Paul “ Geep ” Fisher , Pentagon Michael J. Fox , brother of Jeffrey L. Fox , Tower 2 , 89th floor Laurel A. Gay , sister of Peter A. Gay , AA Flight 11 Irene Golinsky , wife of Col. Ronald F. Golinski USA RET , Pentagon Lori , Jerry , and Beatrice Guadagno , sister and parents of Richard Guadagno , Flight 93 Kristen Hall , daughter of fallen firefighter Thomas Kuveikis 9/11 Kurt D. Horning , father of Matthew D. Horning , WTC Tower One , 95th floor Jennifer W. Hunt , wife of William C. Hunt , Euro Brokers John Keating , son of Barbara Keating , passenger on AA Flight 11 L. Russell Keene II , father of Russ Keene III , WTC2 , 89th floor , KBW Peter Kousoulis , sister died in WTC Paul & Barbara Kirwin , parents of Glenn Davis Kirwin , Cantor Fitzgerald 105th floor Barbara Krukowski-Rastelli , mother of William E. Krukowski , NYC firefighter Laura and Ira Lassman , parents of Nicholas C. Lassman , died in WTC , Tower One Johnny Lee , husband of Lorraine Greene Alicia LeGuillow , mother of Nestor A. Cintron III Francine Levine , sister of Adam K. Ruhalter , who died on 9/11 Bob McIlvaine , father of Robert McIlvaine , WTC , Merrill Lynch Mary McWilliams , mother of FF Martin E. McWilliams - Engine 22 Daryl J. Meehan , brother of Colleen Ann Barkow , WTC 1 , 105th floor Elvira P. Murphy , wife of Patrick Murphy , WTC 1 Natalee Pecorelli , sister of Thomas Pecorelli of Flight 11 James L Perry , M.D and Patricia J. Perry , parents of John W. Perry , Esq. , NYPD Officer 9/11 David Potorti , brother of James Potorti , North Tower , WTC , Marsh & McLennan Terry Kay Rockefeller , sister of Laura Rockefeller , North Tower , WTC Grissel Rodriguez - Valentin , wife of Benito Valentin , WTC1 , 94th floor Alissa Rosenberg - Torres , widow of Luis Eduardo Torres , post - 9/11 mother , writer Elaine Saber , mother of Scott Saber Julie Scarpitta , mother of Michelle Scarpitta , WTC Building 2 , 84th floor Paula Shapiro , mother of Eric Eisenberg , WTC2 Elizabeth Turner , wife of Simon Turner , lost on 11th September 2001 Adele Welty , mother of Firefighter Timothy Welty , FDNY , Squad 288 Joan W. Winton , mother of David Winton , WTC , South Tower , 89th floor David Yancey , husband of Vicki Yancey , American Airlines Flight 77 Nissa Youngren , daughter of Robert G. LeBlanc , flight 175
Late Signatories ( starting toward 200 …)
Rita M. Haley , President , National Organization for Women , New York Chapter Immortal Technique , Harlem - based hip - hop artist with Viper Records , Revolutionary I &II Bob Kirkconnell , served in the U.S. Air Force 27 years , reaching the rank of Master Sergeant Dennis Kyne , former Army air medic , 18th Airborne Corps during Gulf War I , musician , author , “ Support the Truth ” Paul Landis , author , “ Stop Bush Now ! ” Eric H. May , former Army military intelligence officer and media essayist Charles Shaw , Editor , Newtopia Magazine , National Peace Action Coordinator , National Green Party
Peter Erlinder , professor , William Mitchell College of Law , past - President National Lawyers Guild Daniel Robert Rezac , 2004 Vice - Presidential Write - In Candidate , former Aviator & Armor Officer , Army National Guard , B.S.B.A .
Joel Horwitz , lost beloved cousin in WTC 1
Jessica Murrow , lost husband Stephen Adams , Beverage Manager , Windows on the World , WTC 1 Ellen Mariani , lost husband Neil on Flight 175
Jean Hunt , disabled survivor of Pentagon attack
Ralph & Brigitte Sabbag , lost son Jason in WTC 2
Take action !
This week on Musical Geek Friday - the Model View Controller ( MVC ) song !
This song was written and performed by James Dempsey , an engineer at Apple .
James says that he searched iTunes for a model - view - controller song but there was none , so he wrote his own song about this topic .
The song is about a particular Design Pattern in software engineering .
A Design Pattern is a simple solution to a specific problem that occurs very frequently in software design .
The MVC Design Pattern was first discovered and described by Smalltalk people ( see the original paper ) .
This key idea of this pattern is that it decouples data to be displayed ( model ) from the code displaying the data ( view ) and code receiving user input ( controller ) .
Here it the Model View Controller song :
Download this song : catonmat.net/ftp/model_view_controller_song.mp3
Download lyrics : catonmat.net/ftp/model_view_controller_song-lyrics.txt
Talking about the MVC design pattern in this song , Ralph Johnson on squeak 's mailing list comments :
The problem is that the song is NOT about Smalltalk MVC .
In this song , the controller is a layer between the view and the model , which usually means it is a mediator .
The song also says that the controller is copying values from one field to another , which also indicates that it is a mediator .
However , in true MVC , the controller is a strategy for handling events .
The events come directly to it , rather than to the view .
The controller changes the model , but it is not notified by the model .
When the user presses a key or moves the mouse , the controller receives the event .
It checks with the view to map mouse locations into model coordinates , then interacts directly with the model .
If it changes the model then the model notifies all dependents ( observers ) , which notifes the view , which redisplays .
The song desribes Ivar Jacobson 's Model / Interface / Control , in which the Control is responsible for an entire use case .
It is not MVC .
Jacobson 's model is like the MVC model , but his Interface is a combination of View and Controller and his Control is not at all like a real Controller .
Here are the lyrics of MVC song :
Model View , Model View , Model View Controller MVC 's the paradigm for factoring your code , into functional segments so your brain does not explode .
To achieve reusability you gotta keep those boundaries clean , Model on the one side , View on the other , the Controller 's in between .
Model View -
It 's got three layers like Oreos do .
Model View creamy Controller Model objects represent your applications raison d'tre .
Custom classes that contain data logic and et cetra .
You create custom classes in your app's problem domain , then you can choose to reuse them with all the views , but the model objects stay the same .
You can model a throttle in a manifold , Model level two year old .
Model a bottle of fine Chardonnay .
Model all the twaddle stuff people say .
Model the coddle in a boiling eggs .
Model the waddle in Hexley 's legs .
One , two , three , four .
Model View -
You can model all the models that pose for GQ .
Model View Controller
View objects tend to be controls that view and edit , Cocoa 's got a lot of those , well written to its credit .
Take an NSText View , hand it any old Unicode string , the user interacts with it , it can hold most anything .
But the view do n't knows about the Model :
That string could be a phone number or the words of Aristotle .
Keep the coupling loose and so achieve a massive level of reuse .
Model View -
All rendered very nicely in Aqua blue Model View Controller
You 're probably wondering now .
You 're probably wondering how , the data flows between Model and View .
The Controller has to mediate , between each layer 's changing state , to synchronize the data of the two .
It pulls and pushes every changed value .
Yeah .
Model View - mad props to the smalltalk crew ! for Model View Controller Model View - it 's pronouced Oh Oh not Uh Uh Model View Controller
There 's a bit more on this story , a few more miles upon this road , well nobody seems to get much glory writing controller code .
Well the model is mission critical and gorgeous is the view , But I 'm not being lazy , but sometimes it 's just crazy how much code i write is just glue .
And it would n't be so tragic , but the code ain't doing magic : it 's just moving values through .
And I wish I had a dime for every single time I set a TextField 's stringValue .
Model View - how we 're gonna deep - six all that glue Model View Controller Controller 's know the Model and View very uahh - intimately
They often are hardcoding which is very verboten for reusability .
But now you can connect any value you select to any view property .
And I think you 'll start binding , then you 'll be finding less code in your source tree .
Yeah I know I was astounded , that 's not even a rhyme .
But I think it bares repeating all the code you wo n't be needing , when you hook it up in IB .
Model View - it even handles multiple selections too Model View Controller Model View - hope I get my G5 before you Model View Controller Yeah , yeah , yeah .
Yeah .
I also found a video of James singing it live on WWDC 2003 .
Here is the video :
Download " Model View Controller " Song
Download this song : catonmat.net/ftp/model_view_controller_song.mp3
Download lyrics : catonmat.net/ftp/model_view_controller_song-lyrics.txt
Have fun and until next geeky Friday !
It was nearly 2 am in Las Vegas , and Brian Lam , editor of Gizmodo , was feeling triumphant .
There was just one more day until the opening of the 41st annual Consumer Electronics
Show , the most important event of the year for Lam 's gadget blog , and he and his staff of 11 had spent the afternoon preparing for the trade show .
Then , in one hour , they knocked out 20 posts reviewing the coolest gear at a pre-CES press event ( the favorite : a beer - dispensing robot ) .
That was followed by a steak dinner , where the Gizmodo guys ( they 're almost all guys ) , who had flown in from around the world , enjoyed a rare chance to hang out together .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
And now Lam was about to cap off the day with a coup .
After dinner , on his way back to his room at the dingy Imperial Palace hotel , he had sneaked onto the trade show floor of the Las Vegas Convention Center to snap an early shot of Panasonic 's 150 - inch plasma television .
The flatscreen monster was expected to be the centerpiece of CES , and Lam had photos .
Now he was going to show them to his readers a full 34 hours before the official unveiling .
Sure , the TV was covered with a plastic tarp , and it was difficult to capture its scale in a single shot , but Lam knew his readers would love the pictures .
What 's more , the gambit would give his site an early advantage over Engadget , Gizmodo 's main competitor .
Lam threw open the door to his room and plugged his Canon EOS 40D SLR into his MacBook Pro .
While he waited for the photos to upload , he logged on to Engadget to keep tabs on his nemesis .
He normally avoided looking at the rival site so late in the evening — it tended to give him insomnia — but tonight Lam could n't help himself .
And that 's when he saw them , in a post by Engadget editor in chief Ryan Block .
Photos .
Of the same 150 - inch television .
Posted 15 minutes earlier .
Distraught , Lam whipped off an emotional email to his bloggers .
He told them the bad news and accepted full responsibility .
He should n't have let everyone indulge in that steak dinner , which made them logy and gave Engadget time to beat them to the convention center .
" I 've been planning a ninja attack on CES for a long time , and tonight I got scooped very , very hard , " Lam wrote .
" I do n't know if I can explain how painful this is .
How personally I take this …
And in case any of you forgot , like I did , this is a business where every minute counts . "
Courtesy of Gizmodo
For more , visit wired.com / video Gizmodo's prank video , " The Meanest Thing Gizmodo Did at CES , " was the blog 's most popular story from the event .
Finally , at 3 am , a tormented Lam went to bed , where he slept fitfully for five hours .
He needed his rest .
After all , CES had n't even begun .
This is what defeat looks like in the world of gadget blogs , where the stakes are as high as the readership figures .
Engadget and Gizmodo are two of the most popular blogs in the world , pulling in an average 4.1 million and 3.4 million unique visitors a month , respectively , according to comScore .
The sites routinely break news : Engadget scored the first photos of the Xbox 360 , while Gizmodo gave its readers the first shots of Microsoft 's second - generation Zune .
And in less than six years , they have become two of the most authoritative voices in the gadget world .
A Google search for " iPhone review " returns a three - part series by Engadget as the top result , two links ahead of CNET and eight ahead of The New York Times .
And like a couple of rival hometown newspapers , Engadget and Gizmodo have seen their competition develop into a full - blown feud , complete with charges of malfeasance and sabotage .
Engadget rarely links to Gizmodo , and often it's to ridicule the site for faulty predictions ; Gizmodo 's publisher , blogging impresario Nick Denton , has accused Engadget of being " amateurish " and " gullible . "
" I do n't think we are nice or decent to each other , " Lam says .
" There is so much animosity , so much pettiness . "
Block , for his part , offered only minimal comment for this story : Lam is a former Wired contributor and assistant editor , and Block said he was concerned that Lam 's relationship with the magazine would prevent Engadget from getting a " fair shake . "
He even forbade Engadget employees from talking to me at CES .
( Wired.com itself covers consumer electronics in its Gadget Lab blog and so also competes with both Engadget and Gizmodo . )
The sniping has n't hurt either blog .
Today , Lam , 30 , and Block , 25 , are influential forces in the $ 161 billion consumer electronics industry , more powerful than most of the mainstream media outlets they compete against .
After both blogs mentioned Thirsty Light , an LED device that indicates when plants need watering , the manufacturer sold out within five days .
Last August , Engadget ran an open letter to Palm trashing the troubled company ( " Frankly , you 've taken a turn from being the respected underdog and innovator to repeat offender in stale gear " ) and suggesting steps for a turnaround ; CEO Ed Colligan posted a response on the Palm blog , thanking Engadget for the advice and announcing that he would forward the ideas to his entire executive staff .
Lam says that Steve Jobs once told him that he checks Gizmodo daily , and Bill Gates is on record as an Engadget fan .
" They have audience , and they have influence , " says Chris Kooluris , a media specialist at Ketchum , a public relations agency that represents Nokia and IBM .
" They are right up there with Walt Mossberg . "
As a Samsung spokesperson puts it : " Gadget blogs are the future of the world for us . "
It took a while for the consumer electronics industry to accept the rowdy new power brokers .
In 2004 , Microsoft pulled its advertising from Gizmodo after the site profiled a bicycle outfitted with a dildo where the seat should be .
Gizmodo has n't cleaned up its act since then — a recent post compared signing up for an iPhone service plan to " being tossed into a ménage à trois with Angelina and a She - Yeti " — but Microsoft appears to have overcome its objections .
One year after it stopped advertising on Gizmodo , the software company granted the site a one - on - one interview with Gates , the first ever for a blog .
( Microsoft returned as an advertiser , too . )
This January , both Gizmodo and Engadget secured on - record interviews with the Microsoft cofounder at CES .
Block started his conversation by offering Gates , set to retire from the company this summer , a job at Engadget .
Maybe Gates should have accepted .
Engadget and Gizmodo have emerged as two of the blogosphere 's biggest money machines , the best argument yet that with the right ingredients — comprehensive coverage , irreverent writing , well - stocked Rolodexes , and quick - and - dirty analyses — blogs can become lucrative enterprises .
Gizmodo is by far the most popular site in Denton 's Gawker Media empire , which includes Fleshbot , Valleywag , and Defamer ; it pulls in more revenue and readers than any of the publisher 's 15 sites .
Similarly , Engadget brings in more revenue and readers than any other blog in AOL's Weblogs network .
( Neither site will disclose actual figures . )
The key to maintaining this dominance is speed , the measure by which the gadget blogs judge their performance .
Victories and bragging rights are won in seconds .
Lam talks about renting a different apartment so he can be on a FedEx route that receives deliveries before Block .
But for all the focus on speed , the pageviews do n't always go to the swiftest .
Engadget 's Thirsty Light post brought 10 times more traffic to the company 's site than Gizmodo 's did , even though it was posted five days later .
Such are the paradoxes of living at the forefront of a new form of business media , the rules and ethics of which remain unclear .
" I never know what works , " Lam says , " but I love trying . "
Engadget and Gizmodo have nearly identical missions — serve up news and nuggets to a huge audience of shiny - object devotees — but they take pointedly different approaches .
Engadget is cool and straitlaced .
( One typically direct headline : " Sprint Announces Massive Layoffs , Store Closings Amid Subscriber Defection . " )
Gizmodo revels in cheap jokes and hedonism .
Its writers regularly proclaim their love of alcohol , marijuana , and Jessica Alba .
Las Vegas would seem to be a very dangerous place for them .
But here , at Gizmodo 's CES headquarters , Lam is urging his charges to focus .
With 2,700 companies introducing 20,000 products in four days , CES is Normandy in the war of the gadget blogs .
Over the course of the event , Gizmodo will produce more than 400 posts , and Engadget will top out at nearly 750 — double or triple their typical outputs — and both sites will draw some of their biggest traffic of the year .
No wonder Lam has been devising his CES strategy for the past 12 months .
As soon as the 2007 show ended , he made a 2008 reservation at the Hilton , the hotel closest to the convention center , to serve as Gizmodo 's war room and " infirmary " for bloggers needing a midday break .
He also reserved a block of rooms at the Imperial Palace because it was close to the Las Vegas monorail .
That meant his writers could avoid the hour - long taxi lines that have come to define CES .
And , of course , Lam expects his staff to sacrifice for their art .
" In Thai boxing , the trainers do n't allow their fighters to have sex for two weeks before a match , " whispers Lam , a onetime kickboxer , " and the trainers can tell if they have , because it makes them lazy . "
He shakes his head and pokes an accusing finger at one of his bloggers .
Lam 's job for the next week is to act as a combination field marshal and traffic cop .
Although many of his writers have lower - tier blogger press passes , Lam has set up Gizmodo headquarters in the regular press room , where he spreads his laptops and video gear across two tables .
Throughout the day , his bloggers scurry into the room , feverishly tap out 200 - word entries , and run out again .
Features editor Wilson Rothman spends a few frenzied minutes hunting the Internet for an ideal posterior to illustrate a story headlined " FCC Chairman Kicking Cable and Wireless Ass in 2008 . "
Lam spends most of his time checking competing sites , lining up the day 's publication schedule , and doling out editorial advice .
( He cautions Rothman not to be " derogatory " in his bottom - hunting ; ultimately , the item runs without a butt shot . )
CES also presents a great opportunity for Gizmodo to cultivate sources .
When Pioneer was ready to launch an ultrathin plasma TV , for example , Gizmodo 's writers were some of the first to know , primarily , Rothman says , because of the relationships that he and Lam had built with the company .
And schmoozing is n't just for uncovering scoops ; Rothman circles the press room like a shark , approaching smaller blogs and urging them to link to the hottest Gizmodo stories .
But the bonhomie goes only so far .
Around 5 pm , Jason Calacanis — who cofounded Engadget 's parent , Weblogs , Inc. , and sold it to AOL in October 2005 — inadvertently wanders into Gizmodo territory .
Calacanis immediately spouts off : " Fuck Gizmodo .
Engadget rules . "
Then he throws up three fingers twisted into the shape of an E , the Engadget gang sign .
Calacanis ' outburst is a reminder of what really motivates both sites — more than money or prestige , it comes down to a frat - like rivalry , driven by boyish egos and measured in pageviews .
The feud dates back to 2004 , when Denton reportedly denied Gizmodo 's founding editor , Peter Rojas , an equity stake in the site .
Before long , Rojas quit Gawker Media , a notorious blogger sweat shop , and joined Weblogs , where he launched Engadget with the sworn aim of besting his former employer .
( Rojas , who became Block 's boss , also refused to comment for this article . )
Engadget brought in a stable of reporters — Gizmodo was operating with a staff of one — and began posting more stories than Gizmodo .
Within a year , it was reeling in more traffic than its rival .
When Rojas left the post in 2007 to pursue other interests ( including a digital music company called RCRD LBL ) , Block , who had been writing for the site , took over .
Lam was tapped in 2006 to energize the lagging Gizmodo .
Although he and Block insist they 're friends with a long - standing relationship , the bad blood between the two blogs is obvious .
Each editor accuses the other of ripping off his work .
Lam says Engadget 's " Debunk , " a snarky fact - check of other blogs ' posts , mimics his own " Rumor Smashed , " which debuted a month earlier .
Block has called out Lam for similar transgressions — for instance , using an Engadget image , unattributed , to illustrate Gizmodo 's 2006 Macworld coverage .
Meanwhile , in the rush to beat one another to scoops — time - stamped trophies to lord over their opponent — each site has occasionally tarnished its own reputation .
Last May , Engadget published news that the release of Apple 's iPhone and Leopard operating system would be delayed .
Apple stock plunged , causing a $ 4 billion drop in the company 's market cap .
But Engadget 's only source , an email purportedly sent to Apple employees , turned out to be a fraud .
( Block immediately published a retraction , and the stock bounced back . )
And Gizmodo has suffered its own share of Apple - related gaffes .
It fell for phony iMac upgrade details , fed by an Australian teenager posing as an insider .
Gizmodo and Engadget 's editors readily admit to , and apologize for , such obvious mistakes .
But in the still - emerging world of blogger ethics , even their standard practices can raise eyebrows .
In December 2006 , one month before the iPhone was unveiled , Gizmodo published a misleading teaser headline — " Gizmodo Knows : iPhone Will Be Announced on Monday . "
Readers had to wait a weekend to discover that the story referred to a Linksys VoIP phone with the same name .
( Several readers called for a boycott . )
Engadget , for its part , has been accused of maintaining a list of competing sites it refuses to acknowledge , even when it uses their photos or scoops .
( Engadget denies there 's a blacklist . )
" They have to figure out what they want to be when they grow up , " says David Pogue , who reviews technology for The New York Times and reads both blogs regularly .
" And they are going to continue to stub their toes along the way . "
But despite the heated competition , neither site appears to be damaging the other 's popularity .
Most business battles revolve around a scarce resource — audience or customers or money .
But in this case , the battle for readers is not a zero - sum game .
" Nothing stops people from going to both , " says Jeff Jarvis , media blogger and director of the interactive journalism program at the City University of New York 's Graduate School of Journalism .
" This is a natural state of media .
It 's good for everyone . "
Jeremy Dale , Motorola 's vice president of global marketing , was demonstrating two new mobile phones to a preshow crowd at CES when his teleprompter suddenly clicked off .
Seconds later , the display screen behind him went black .
When he moved to another screen , it clicked off as well .
Throughout the course of the week , similar things kept happening to other companies .
TVs went dark at Intel , more went out at Dish Network , and a whole wall of monitors went dead , one by one , at Panasonic .
( The 150 - incher stayed on . )
At the time , no one knew that Richard Blakeley , a cameraman for Gawker Media and Gizmodo , was the puppeteer behind the prank .
Armed with a little device called TV - B - Gone , he prowled the floor , extinguishing the demos and displays that are CES ' lifeblood .
Four days later , however , Lam posted a story titled " Confessions : The Meanest Thing Gizmodo Did at CES , " which included a video documenting the escapade .
The stunt was hardly Gizmodo 's only instance of puerile behavior at the conference .
Gizmodo bloggers posted photos of various examples of womanhood at the event and asked readers to vote on which category of female they thought was hotter : " booth babes " or " regular babes . "
( The winner , with 65 percent of the vote : regular babes . )
They put together an NSFW montage of their adventures at an adjoining adult video convention , complete with a paid " butt rub " and vibrating fake breasts .
And they ran a snarky list of reasons why CES — a " vile clusterfuck of nerds , sluts , and suits " — foretold the end of civilization .
Walt Mossberg — whom Gizmodo writers refer to as " Grandpa " — would never write stuff like this .
But according to Lam , it 's " an important part of the tech culture that is n't sold in a can . "
Not to mention , those three posts pulled in more than 453,000 pageviews .
Mr Wilders is the leader of the Dutch Freedom Party
It is the second - highest alert level , although the justice ministry said " there is no concrete evidence " that the country faced possible attacks .
The move comes as far - right Dutch MP Geert Wilders prepares to air his film , which has already angered Muslims .
Mr Wilders has said the film is about the Koran , but gave few details .
Defiance
He has revealed that his 15 - minute film is entitled Fitna , an Arabic word used to describe strife or discord , usually religious .
The project has already been condemned by several Muslim countries , including Iran and Pakistan .
The lawmaker has said his work will show how the Koran is " an inspiration for intolerance , murder and terror " .
According to a Dutch daily which has seen some of the footage , the film has the Koran opening .
Inside the pages of the book are shown images of atrocities in Muslim countries that the film - maker thinks are inspired by verses of the Koran .
Last month , Mr Wilders said he expected that his work would be shown in the Netherlands in March and also released on the internet .
He said he was determined to release the film , despite government warnings that this would damage Dutch political and economic interests .
Van Gogh murder
In the past , Mr Wilders - who leads the Freedom Party - has called for the Koran to be banned and likened it to Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
He has described Dutch culture as superior to what he says is a retarded Islamic culture and believes immigrants must assimilate by getting rid of what he calls the intolerant and fascist parts of the Koran .
Mr Wilders has had police protection since Dutch director Theo Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist in 2004 .
Mr Van Gogh 's film Submission included verses from the Koran shown against a naked female body .
As well as the killing of Mr Van Gogh , Dutch politicians are mindful of the widespread protests by Muslims that followed the publication of cartoons satirising the Prophet Muhammad in newspapers in Denmark and other European countries in 2006 .
The Speaker of the Commons , Michael Martin , has been criticised over improvements to his grace and favour flat in the House of Commons , which have cost the taxpayer more than £ 700,000 .
A total of £ 148,900 was spent on furniture , £ 191,000 on a new air - conditioning system , £ 13,000 on art and £ 291,000 on " building restoration and refurbishment " in Speaker 's House .
In total , £ 724,000 has been spent on the residence – which also includes the State Rooms of the Palace of Westminster – since 2001 , according to the figure released under the Freedom of Information rules .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
More than £ 100,000 a year has been spent on average on items including furniture , art and air conditioning for the Grade 1 - listed apartments .
The Speaker , who was elected in 2000 , chairs a commission which is currently resisting demands for the details of 14 senior politicians , including Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Opposition leader David Cameron , to be disclosed .
Mr Martin 's spokeswoman said the spending was part of a rolling programme of improvements which were commissioned by the Parliamentary Estates Directorate .
She stressed that the House included more than just Mr Martin 's grace and favour apartment .
She said : " Speaker 's House is the official residence of the Speaker .
" Entertainment of visiting heads of state , Parliamentarians and others take place in the State apartments and the costs listed reflect environmental and heritage requirements and health and safety legislation . "
The Speaker has already come under fire for claiming more than £ 75,000 of second homes allowance on his Glasgow property , for which he has no mortgage .
His wife has claimed thousands of pounds in expenses for taxis , the disclosure of which led to a row which caused Mr Martin 's previous spokesperson , Mike Granatt , to quit .
In the last week , the House of Commons Commission – which the Speaker chairs – has faced criticism from MPs for launching a High Court appeal against the release of a detailed breakdown of MPs ' second home claims .
Mr Martin has barred MPs from talking about the legal bid in the Commons .
Mark Wallace , campaign director of the TaxPayers '
Alliance , said the disclosure proved that Mr Martin was the wrong person to be heading a review of MPs ' expenses .
He said : " These are stupendous sums to spend on just one residence . "
After a week full of Red Bulls , Fruit by the Foot and dreams of In - N - Out , the mighty Sony VAIO loaded with Linux stood as the only machine unhacked by the end of the PWN 2 OWN hacking contest at CanSecWest .
As you 're well aware by now , the MacBook Air on display was seized in two minutes by the presumably well prepared Charlie Miller , and after two full days of work , Shane Macaulay and a few of his 1337 associates managed to crack the Vista rig on Friday .
Reportedly , Shane and his pals were n't expecting to do battle with the extra protected SP1 version of Vista , and while the exact loophole wo n't be divulged , we are told that it was a cross- platform bug that " took advantage of Java to circumvent Vista 's security . "
In the end , it was reported that some folks on hand had discovered bugs in the Linux OS , but many of them " did n't want to put the work into developing the exploit code that would be required to win the contest . " [ Image courtesy of TippingPoint
Famed reverse engineer Jon Lech Johansen claims to have discovered a way to " activate " an iPhone without signing up for a contract with AT&T .
The hack allows users to use the iPod and Wi-Fi capabilities of the devices , but does n't allow use of its phone features .
DVD Jon - who 's been something of a thorn in Apple 's side for some time , most notably when he decoded the encryption that locks down iTunes - purchased music - said his latest hack allows potential iPhone purchasers to use the device as a sort of iPod / personal organiser on steroids without entering into a two year contract with AT&T .
He 's published a software package called Phone Activation Server v1.0 that automates the hack , while still requiring a fair bit of knowledge about manipulating host files and the like to pull off .
More straightforwardly - though rather less elegantly - users interested in using the device only as a souped - up iPod can activate the iPhone using a prepaid plan with AT&T , which they then cancel .
Since the much - hyped release of the iPhone last week , security researchers and white hat hackers have been hard at work attempting to spot security vulnerabilities in Apple 's device .
Early probing unearthed ways to subvert the device 's browser and uncover passwords hiding in Apple software .
Hackers claim to have discovered a technique for discovering that root and mobile account passwords embedded in the firmware on iPhone handsets .
The data came from analysing an Apple iPhone restore image file .
Since the iPhone has no console or terminal access , logging into either the " root " or " mobile " account is n't ( immediately , at least ) possible .
The passwords might simply be left over from development work or are a red herring planted deliberately by Apple to put hackers off the scent . ®
An update on the latest production numbers from the EIA along with graphs / charts of different oil production forecasts .
This post is dedicated to the memory of Dr. Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari who passed away last October .
Executive Summary :
Monthly production peaks are unchanged : All Liquids : the peak is still July 2006 at 85.47 mbpd ( revised 0.07 mbpd ) , the year to date average production in 2007 ( 9 months ) is 84.32 mbpd ( 0.04 mbpd ) , down 0.25 mbpd from 2006 for the same period .
Crude Oil + NGL : the peak date remains May 2005 at 82.09 mbpd ( unchanged ) , the year to date average production for 2007 ( 9 months ) is 80.99 mbpd ( 0.21 mbpd ) , down 0.35 mbpd from 2006 .
Crude Oil +
Condensate : the peak date remains May 2005 at 74.30 mbpd ( unchanged ) , the year to date average production for 2007 ( 9 months ) is 73.09 mbpd ( 0.14 mbpd ) , down 0.48 mbpd from 2006 .
NGPL : the peak date is still February 2007 at 8.01 mbpd ( 0.02 mbpd ) , the year to date average production for 2007 ( 9 months ) is 7.90 mbpd ( 0.07 mbpd ) , up 0.13 mbpd from 2006 .
Decline in crude oil + condensate continues , however , there is a large increase in crude oil production in September by almost 1 mbpd ( largest monthly increase since July 2006 ) .
Two thirds of this increase are coming from OPEC .
September 2007 estimate for crude oil + condensate is 73.50 mbpd compared to 73.47 mbpd one year ago and 73.92 mbpd two years ago .
Average forecast : the average forecast for crude oil + NGL based on 13 different projections ( Figure above ) is showing a kind of production plateau around 81 +/- 4 mbpd with a decline after 2010 +/- 1 year .
mbpd= Million of barrels per day
Gb= Billion of barrels ( 10 9 )
Tb= Trillion of barrels ( 10 12 )
NGPL= Natural Gas Plant Liquids
CO= Crude Oil + lease condensate
NGL= Natural Gas Liquids ( lease condensate + NGPL )
URR = Ultimate Recoverable Resource
EIA Last Update ( September )
Data sources for the production numbers :
Production data from BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2006 ( Crude oil + NGL ) .
EIA data ( monthly and annual productions up to February 2007 ) for crude oil and lease condensate ( noted CO ) on which I added the NGPL production ( noted CO+NGL ) .
The All liquids peak is still July 2006 at 85.47 mbpd , the year to date average production value in 2007 ( 9 months ) is down from 2006 for all the categories except for NGPL .
The peak date for Crude Oil + Cond. remains May 2005 at 74.30 mbpd ( see Table I below ) .
Fig 1 .- World production ( EIA data ) .
Blue lines and pentagrams are indicating monthly maximum .
Monthly data for CO from the EIA .
Annual data for NGPL and Other Liquids from 1980 to 2001 have been upsampled to get monthly estimates .
Click to Enlarge .
Category Sept 2007 Sept 2006 Sept 2005 12 Months1 2007 ( 9 Months ) 2006 ( 9 Months ) 2005 ( 9 Months ) Share Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids 84.93 84.75 84.15 84.45 84.32 84.57 84.71 100.00 % 2006-07 85.47 Crude Oil + NGL 81.29 81.26 80.77 81.10 80.99 81.34 81.58 95.72 % 2005-05 82.09 Other Liquids 3.64 3.49 3.38 3.34 3.33 3.23 3.13 4.28 % 2007-07 3.81 NGPL 7.79 7.79 7.37 7.88 7.90 7.77 7.76 9.18 % 2007-02 8.01 Crude Oil + Condensate 73.50 73.47 73.40 73.22 73.09 73.57 73.81 86.54 % 2005-05 74.30 Canadian Tar Sands 1.30 1.22 0.98 1.34 1.40 1.07 0.91 1.53 % 2007-03 1.57
Business as Usual
Fig 4 .- Production forecasts assuming no visible peak .
Click to Enlarge .
PeakOilers : Bottom - Up Analysis
Fig 5 .- Forecasts by PeakOilers based on bottom - up methodologies .
Click to Enlarge .
PeakOilers : Curve Fitting
Fig 6 .- Forecasts by PeakOilers using curve fitting methodologies .
Click to Enlarge .
Forecast Date 2005 2006 2007 2010 2015 Diff2 Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids Observed ( All Liquids ) 84.63 84.60 84.39 NA NA 2006 -07 85.47 IEA ( WEO ) 2004 82.06 83.74 85.41 90.40 98.69 - 1.02 2030 121.30 IEA ( WEO ) 2005 84.00 85.85 87.64 92.50 99.11 - 3.25 2030 115.40 Koppelaar 2005 84.06 85.78 86.61 89.21 87.98 - 2.22 2011 89.58 Lahèrrere 2005 83.59 84.47 85.23 86.96 87.77 - 0.83 2014 87.84 EIA
( IEO ) 2006 82.70 84.50 86.37 91.60 98.30 - 1.98 2030 118.00 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 83.60 85.10 86.62 91.30 99.30 - 2.23 2030 116.30 CERA1 2006 87.77 89.52 91.62 97.24 104.54 - 7.23 2035 130.00 Lahèrrere 2006 83.59 84.82 85.96 88.93 92.27 - 1.57 2018 92.99 Smith 2006 85.19 87.77 90.88 98.94 98.56 -6.49 2012-05 99.83 Crude Oil + NGL Observed ( EIA ) 81.46 81.33 81.02 NA NA 2005 -05 82.09 GBM 2003 76.06 76.27 76.33 75.30 67.79 4.70 2007-05 76.34 Bakhtiari 2003 80.24 80.89 80.89 77.64 69.51 0.13 2006 80.89 ASPO - 46 2004 81.00 80.95 80.80 80.00 73.77 0.22 2005 81.00 ASPO - 58 2005 81.00 82.03 83.10 85.00 79.18 -2.08 2010 85.00 Staniford ( High ) 2005 77.45 77.92 78.31 79.01 78.51 2.71 2011-10 79.08 Staniford ( Med ) 2005 75.81 75.94 75.97 75.52 73.00 5.05 2007-05 75.98 Staniford ( Low ) 2005 70.46 70.13 69.71 67.92 63.40 11.32 2002-07 70.88 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 80.10 81.38 82.67 86.50 92.50 - 1.65 2030 104.90 Koppelaar 2006 81.76 82.31 83.68 91.00 NA - 2.65 2010 91.00 Skrebowski 2006 80.95 81.47 82.64 87.37 NA - 1.62 2010 87.97 Smith 2006 80.53 82.81 85.45 91.95 88.60 - 4.43 2011-02 92.31 Loglets 2006 81.12 82.14 83.02 84.65 83.26 -1.99 2012-01 84.80 ASPO - 76 2006 77.92 79.00 81.35 90.00 85.00 - 0.33 2010 90.00 Robelius Low 2006 81.45 82.19 82.50 81.84 72.26 - 1.47 2007 82.50 Robelius High 2006 81.45 84.19 86.67 93.40 92.40 - 5.65 2012 94.54 Shock Model 2006 80.76 80.43 80.01 78.27 73.74 1.01 2003 81.17 Crude Oil + Lease Condensate Observed ( EIA ) 73.81 73.54 73.14 NA
NA 2005 -05 74.30 ASPO - 46 2004 72.80 72.56 72.25 71.00 63.55 0.88 2005 72.80 Deffeyes 2004 69.94 69.93 69.84 69.02 65.99 3.30 2005 - 12 69.95 ASPO -58 2005 73.00 73.80 74.65 76.00 69.50 - 1.51 2010 76.00 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 70.80 71.78 72.77 75.70 80.30 0.37 2030 89.10 CERA1 2006 76.49 76.89 78.60 82.29 83.83 - 5.47 2038 97.58 ASPO -76 2006 71.11 72.10 73.66 78.00 72.00 - 0.53 2010 78.00 HSM 2007 NA 73.56 73.53 72.82 69.53 - 0.39 2006 73.56 Ace 2007 NA 73.48 73.03 66.96 58.47 0.11 2006-01 73.55 Table II .
Summary of all the forecasts ( figures are in mbpd ) as well as the last EIA estimates .
1 Productive capacities .
2 Difference between the observed production for 2007 and the predicted value ( in mbpd ) , the value in bold indicates the best forecast ( i.e. the oldest with the lowest difference .
The following results are based on a linear or non-linear fit of a parametric curve ( most often a Logistic curve ) directly on the observed production profile :
Next update probably in March .
Previous Update :
OilWatch last issue :
Oilwatch - December 2007
Khebab@theoildrum.com
Opposition supporters are anxious for the results
MDC predicts victory Election observers in Zimbabwe have expressed concerns over " delays " in announcing official presidential poll results , amid fears of rigging .
The head of one monitors ' group said he had " no doubt " officials now know most results .
None have yet been released .
The election commission said late on Sunday that no results would be announced until 0400GMT on Monday .
Riot police have been patrolling the streets of the capital , Harare , and residents were told to stay indoors .
Saturday 's election pitted the MDC's Morgan Tsvangirai and the independent Simba Makoni against President Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's leader since 1980 .
House of Assembly , Senate and local elections were held on the same day , and officials say that this is why results have been slow to come .
Twenty - four hours after the polls closed , MDC supporters were celebrating in some areas after the party 's leaders claimed to have won 67 % of the vote , on the basis of what they say are returns from one - third of polling stations .
The government and election officials issued warnings to the MDC after it claimed victory , on the basis of the partial , unofficial results .
ZIMBABWE POLLS - KEY FACTS
Some 5.9 m eligible voters
They elect president , parliament and local government Nearly 9,000 polling stations
Winner needs more than 50 % to avoid presidential run-off
Delays add to fraud fears Zimbabwe votes :
At a glance Election day :
In quotes Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu accused the MDC of " speculation and lies " and " causing unnecessary havoc " .
The first official results had been widely expected on Sunday .
" The delay in announcing these results is fuelling speculation that there could be something going on , " said Noel Kututwa , the head of the Zimbabwe Election Support Network ( ZESN ) .
" I 'm worried , " said Marwick Khumalo , head of the Pan - African Parliamentary Observer Mission , " these are the delays that start causing problems in a country " .
Results were being posted outside individual polling stations and then collated from across the country by the electoral commission .
Poll observers from the Southern African Development Community said the elections had been " peaceful and credible " , although one of two dissenting members of the mission said the polls were " deeply flawed " .
Most Western observers were banned from the election .
Commission 's plea " We have won this election , " said the secretary general of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , Tendai Biti .
" This trend is irreversible . "
He [ Mugabe ] is going to get the shock of his life because they are not voting for him .
Mugabe will be out by Monday night
Bomba Zimbo , Harare
In pictures : Zimbabwe votes Q&A : Zimbabwe elections
The party had won most parliamentary seats in Harare and Bulawayo and was also ahead in some rural areas , including Mr Mugabe 's home province of Mashonaland West , he said .
BBC Southern Africa correspondent Peter Biles says the MDC 's claims are based on partial , unofficial results .
The more slowly - counted votes from the rural areas , where President Mugabe has always had majority support , may decide the final outcome .
BBC contributors say opposition activists have been celebrating in the towns of Bulawayo , Mutare and Masvingo .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The elections will no doubt be free and fair .
The allegations being peddled are unfounded Sosten Musiniwa , Harare But Zimbabwe 's chief elections officer expressed concern " that some stakeholders have gone on to announce purported results ... when in fact the results are being verified and collated " .
The MDC says the commission was appointed by Mr Mugabe and is not to be trusted .
Rigging fears A British Foreign Office minister , Mark Malloch - Brown , said it was " quite likely " that President Robert Mugabe had lost the election in Zimbabwe , despite " massive pre-election day cheating " .
A candidate needs more than 50 % in the presidential vote to avoid a run-off in three weeks ' time .
Results have been posted outside polling stations
Counting the votes Across the country on Saturday , there were reports of voters not being allowed to cast ballots - either because their names were not on the voters ' roll or because they were trying to vote in the wrong ward .
But many voters told the BBC the system had worked efficiently and the atmosphere was good .
After voting in Harare , Mr Mugabe , who is seeking a sixth term , said : " We do n't rig elections .
I cannot sleep with my conscience if I have rigged . "
The MDC says it is fighting to save Zimbabwe 's economy .
The country has the world 's highest inflation rate , at more than 100,000 % , and just one adult in five is believed to have a regular job .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
View Slideshow Steve Carell is no dummy .
In fact , the man who plays hapless half - wit Michael Scott on NBC's The Office and equally hapless gumshoe Maxwell Smart in this summer 's big - screen redo of Get Smart is nothing short of a genius — a genius wrapped in a doofus , hidden by an idiot .
Here 's his advice on how to attain Carell - level smarts .
Engage in Reading - Type Behavior
If we were meant to read for enjoyment , would God have created television ?
Read as it was intended — for exercise .
The more you read , the more you expand your — what 's the word I 'm looking for ? — your stockpile of words .
You must have a stockpile of words that you can pass along to your children for their stockpile .
Appear to Listen
I 've learned to appear scintillatingly intellectual by asking people questions ( " Do you like pizza ? " ) .
Then I just look at them , nodding and saying " Hmmm " and " Um hmmm " every few seconds .
Try and keep one or two things in your head to regurgitate later .
After all , what is knowledge , really , but high - resolution regurgitation ?
Just Say Yes
I 've been injecting human growth hormone into my brain for several years now , with no ill effects .
I feel smarter , and I often feel compelled to show people — really show them — just how smart I am .
HGH has also colored the way I perceive the world , which is now a sort of bloodred .
Get the Abs of Einstein
A healthy body means a healthy mind .
You get your heart rate up , and you get the blood flowing through your body to your brain .
Look at Albert Einstein .
He rode a bicycle .
He was also an early student of Jazzercise .
You never saw Einstein lift his shirt , but he had a six - pack under there .
Do n't Chew Your Food
I recommend tuna melts .
Fish is very healthy , as is cheese , and toast .
I also recommend eating peeled baby carrots .
Carrots are very good for the eyes , but they absolutely must be baby carrots so you do n't chew too much .
I do n't think I have to explain crunchwaves to people who read wired .
They already know that when you chew something too hard , the vibrations fire up those crunchwaves , which shake the neurons in your brain .
Do that too much and those brain cells shake loose and die .
I usually gulp my food , and you should , too .
Practice Thinking by Yourself
Your brain , like your tongue , is a muscle .
Practicing thinking by yourself really helps develop your brain , which you need throughout your day .
I like to practice my thinking in a darkened room , alone .
I focus on one thing , such as Tree .
I think about Tree .
Then , after that , I think about Cloud .
Then later , as I walk outside , I see Tree and since I have practiced thinking , I avoid hitting it .
I try and have six or seven thoughts a day .
__Match Your Shoes to Your Belt __
If you do n't look good , you do n't think good .
__Know Things __
It 's important to be well - rounded — not purely scientific and analytical .
Explore the arts : poetry , music , decoupage ( a visual art form I 've been developing since the first grade ) .
And remember , it 's always better to have a cursory knowledge of a lot of things than to actually know a lot about any one thing .
This is called a liberal arts education .
Act " Human "
When I go to parties , people often look stunned at how smart I am .
But nobody wants to talk about astrophysics at a dinner party .
Hey , when I want to talk like that , I head to the lab !
Instead , I talk about " human " things they enjoy and understand : midrange wines , movie trivia , and mundane subjects like family and emotional fulfillment .
I like to end my conversations with a quote , usually something in French , like " c'est la vie , " which means " down the hatch ! "
But do n't overdo it : Nobody likes a show - off .
Retain Your Childlike Sense of Wonder
Children are very smart , in their own stupid way .
A child 's brain is like a sponge , and you know how smart sponges are .
My children are like little processors .
They pick up all kinds of things , then process that into information .
And what is knowledge , really , but processed information ?
We must always strive to be overly processed , like our children .
Related Get Smarter : 12 Hacks That Will Amp Up Your Brainpower 1 : Distract Yourself 2 : Caffeinate With Care 3 : Choose Impressive Information 4 : Think Positive 5 : Do the Right Drugs 6 : Juice Your IQ Score 7 : Know Your Brain 8 : Do n't Panic 9 : Embrace Chaos 10 : Get Visual 11 : Exercise Wisely 12 : Slow Down Plus : 6 Intelligence Myths Exposed
With that prompting I figured I 'd compile a list of all the different styles I 've eaten or heard or read about .
The usual suspects are there ( New York–style , deep dish , Neapolitan - style pizza ) , but do you know your Ohio Valley–style pizza from your Trenton tomato pies from your bar - style pizza ?
Peep the gallery above and get educated ! »
Pizza Styles Index
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
April 11 , 2008  --
At open air markets in Turkey , they call it " pazarlik . "
In Mexico , they call it " regatear . "
Speaking in Yiddish , my grandmother called it " handel . "
Here in America , we call it haggling .
And most of us do n't like to do it unless we 're forced to -- like when we buy a new home or car .
In fact , haggling makes some people so uncomfortable they 'll hire professional hagglers such as car shopper Phil Landers of NoMoreHaggling.com or jewelry shopper Nina Johansson of Shangby.com , to do the dirty work for them .
That 's because American consumers tend to assume most prices are non-negotiable .
Right ?
" Wrong , " said Teri Gault .
Gault , a self - admitted haggling expert , said there 's never been a better time to haggle , given our weak economy .
" I 've always gone in and asked for discounts , " she said .
" But possibly they would expect it even more now .
If you 're worried about making your bills get paid or making ends meet , this is a good way to start saving some money . "
And Gault knows .
She came up with a couple of consumer Web sites : The GroceryGame and TeriToday to save consumers money .
Now she 's rich and does n't need to haggle , but she just can't help herself .
" I get an endorphin rush from saving money , " she said .
" It literally is like a runner 's high . "
Most of us , though , do n't have the gumption to bargain down a price with shopkeepers .
In fact , lots of people find haggling embarrassing .
Up until working on this piece , I know I did .
But Gault told me that once you start doing it , you 'll probably change your mind .
" Salespeople actually enjoy making you happy , " she told me .
" And you 're just asking them to help you get a better price . "
Assume It 's Negotiable
According to Gault , most prices are negotiable -- even at chain stores like Best Buy and Macy's .
To show ABC News how she haggles , Gault spent a day shopping in New York City wearing a hidden camera .
A good place to start haggling , she said , is on big ticket items , like furniture .
Gault went into Sam Flax , a design store in New York City , to buy a kitchen stool .
At first , she was not successful .
" Can you give me anything off of it , like say 20 percent off ? "
Gault asked a clerk .
He responded , " No ! "
She then asked another clerk who also told her no .
But if at first you do n't succeed , try Haggling Tip # 1 : Ask for the store manager or owner .
They have the authority to give you a discount .
Gault finally asked the manager at Sam Flax about getting a discount on the stool .
" It 's $ 169 , " she said . " I was wondering if you could give me a sale price on it ? "
Right away , the manager agreed .
" Our sale price is $ 129 , " he said .
I asked Gault where the store manager came up with that number .
" They have a certain margin and they know what they have and he just took $ 40 off , " she said .
" Even some of the salespeople were surprised .
I was happy . "
Haggling at Chain Stores
Next stop : Macy 's department store .
Gault zeroed in on a $ 128 sweater , but noticed it was missing a sash .
I was surprised you can bargain at Macy's , but Gault told me , " There are different ways to do it .
Now this is one of them -- I found this sweater and I liked it and it did n't have the belt to go with it .
And so [ the saleswoman ] gave me 10 percent off . "
The Macy 's saleswoman told us they had a standard policy : " 10 percent off is when we have any damage or something is missing something like this . "
And that leads to Haggling Tip # 2 : Look for imperfect items .
You can usually get 10 percent to 20 percent off .
Still at Macy's , Gault haggled for a discount on a $ 31 T - shirt .
She was hoping the salespeople behind the counter might have some private store coupons to offer her , but that did n't pan out .
Upon further pressing , Gault learned about a different way to get a discount .
The saleswoman asked Gault whether she was from out of town and Gault told her she lived in Los Angeles .
" I said , ' Is there anything you can think of that we can do to get the price down ? ' and she says , ' are you a visitor ? '
And I said , ' yes . '
And she said , ' You can get 11 percent off .
Go to the visitor center , come back with a card , we 'll give you 11 percent off . '
Now that was a first for me !
Even I had never heard of a visitor discount . "
Macy 's visitor discount card offers customers 11 percent off almost everything in the store , good for five days provided you can prove with identification that you 're from out of town .
" Haggling makes me feel good , " Gault said .
" It 's like winning at Vegas . "
Veteran haggler Rick Doble has his own Vegas analogy .
" Haggling is to some extent a crap shoot , " he said .
" But that 's part of the fun of it ! "
Doble , who lives in North Carolina , is editor of the newsletter Savvy - Discounts.com .
He told us he saves about $ 9,000 a year by haggling .
He recently bought a close - out model phone for 25 percent off and an amplifier for 75 percent off ( because the logo was upside down ) .
About a week ago he went to Kmart and found a camera that was listed for $ 109 .
He brought that cost down to $ 50 .
He haggled over a Brooks Brothers shirt , and got it for $ 2 .
When Doble shops , he hunts for close - outs , which are good bait for haggling .
And that 's Haggling Tip # 4 : Do n't think you can't haggle on already discounted items and get an even better deal .
Groceries , Electronics and Jewelry
And Doble does n't stop there : Groceries , he says , are fair game .
He asked a salesperson at the market about getting a break .
" What kind of deal if we bought , say , all the asparagus , and the avocados and the yogurt ? " he asked .
" I 'd give you 20 percent off if you bought all that , " the saleswoman said .
" We 'd be glad to get rid of it actually . "
And that 's Haggling Tip # 5 :
The more you buy , the more you should ask for a discount .
That 's what Gault did back in New York at a salon : 10 percent off for a manicure , pedicure and waxing .
Yes , services are negotiable , too .
Haggling Tip # 6 : Do your research : Compare prices before shopping .
Gault used her own site , TeriToday.com , to check the lowest price on a digital Sony camera .
Then she went to Best Buy .
She told the Best Buy manager , " I can buy it on the Internet for $ 238 for tax and no shipping .
Can you give me any kind of discount off of this ? "
The manager responded , " The best I can give it to you is $ 269.99 . "
But he also agreed to a camera case for half price and 15 percent off a camera memory stick .
She bought all three items , saving $ 25 in total .
I asked Gault , " How do you look at the rest of us ?
Fools paying retail and full price , right ? "
" No , " she responded , saying that she just wanted to take me shopping , and show me how to do it .
So I agreed to it and Gault accompanied me on my maiden haggling voyage .
I walked into a jewelry store somewhat in disguise and wearing a hidden camera .
I was looking for some earrings for my daughter 's 16th birthday and immediately fell hard for a pair of $ 385 tanzanite earrings .
I asked the saleswoman , " How much of a discount could I get on this ?
On $ 385 ? "
" $ 350 , but I ca n't go any lower , " she responded .
That was about a 9 percent discount .
Gault thought I could do better , so we left .
And that 's Haggling Tip # 7 :
If you 're not happy with the offer , be willing to walk away .
And sure enough , at the next jewelry store , I found another pair of tanzanite earrings .
Yes , they were more expensive , but I got a better deal .
Here 's a snippet from the conversation I had with the store manager :
Bill : " How much of a discount can I get on that ? "
Manager : " Are you ready to buy now or are you still comparing ? "
Bill : " Well , I 'm ready to buy in the next 20 minutes . "
Manager : " I 'll give it to you for $ 500 . "
Bill : " If I paid in cash ? "
Manager : " I could include the tax and I can do it for $ 450 .
That will be your last price . "
So , in less than 10 minutes , I saved a bunch of money .
I paid $ 450 for an item that would have been $ 675 with tax .
Instead , the shopkeeper agreed to pick up the tax .
It was easier than I thought .
I think I 've been converted .
Honestly : the FIRST price is n't necessarily the FINAL price .
Ann Varney contributed to this report .
Over at Sentient Developments you 'll find a rendition of what might be termed the core points of healthy life extension .
I myself have a long - standing version up at the Longevity Meme , and another back in the Fight Aging ! archives .
Simply put , cutting out the frills and lumping cryonics into longevity research in general :
I would go so far as to say that there are only three things that you can do today to be as sure as present science allows that you have increased your remaining healthy life expectancy .
The gold standard for weight of scientific evidence is a narrow platform at present : responsibly practice calorie restriction
exercise regularly
support the most proactive , plausible longevity research None of this should really be a surprise .
I 'd add a fourth item for modest supplementation , but any discussion of the scientific support there gets bogged down very quickly - it's an enormously broad and complex topic , beset by a noisy band of marketeers ready to tell you anything that will make you shell out for whatever it is they 're selling today .
George Dvorsky 's version at Sentient Developments is more detailed and helpful in the most part , but he falls into the deep pit that yawns for so many in the healthy life extension community : an overly great focus on the minutiae of diet and supplementation , and taking as gospel things that do n't actually have a great deal of scientific support .
Look at how much of his post rests on blueberries and antioxidants versus Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence research - that blueberry or no blueberry choice might be right under your nose three times a day , but it 's inconsequential in comparison to the pace and direction of scientific research .
It 's also inconsequential in comparison to whether or not you practice calorie restriction .
As a general rule , you should view studies on diet with great suspicion , especially those claiming long term health benefits from a single type of food X or food Y .
The same goes for supplements .
All too few of those studies properly control for differences in calorie intake , or other meaningful correlations .
In cases where a good weight of evidence backs some form of benefit , that benefit is invariably dwarfed by the benefit supplied by exercise and calorie restriction .
Why do people spend so much time and energy on clawing back 0.1 % of the 10 % of life span they 're dinging themselves by overeating and not exercising ?
It 's a mystery .
It is reasonable to state , bluntly , that you or I can reliably engineer no greater chance of improving our natural long - term health than by simply eating sensibly , practicing calorie restriction ( which pretty much forces eating sensibly on you ) , exercising regularly , and taking a sane multivitamin .
Anything more than that , and you have to accept that you 're tinkering with no real way of knowing whether you 're gaining any benefit .
Not that there 's anything wrong with that as a hobby , but do n't delude yourself into thinking that you can eat as much as you like and top it off with blueberries to at least make something better .
For example , let 's look at antioxidants .
It is becoming clear that ingesting antioxidants has very little - and possibly a minor negative - effect on healthy longevity .
On the other hand , Targeting antioxidants to mitochondria by gene therapy or clever chemical engineering slows aging in mice by 30 % .
Needless to say , the antioxidants you swallow are going nowhere near your mitochondria , and so are doing more or less nothing of any good on that front .
We wo n't even talk about things like alkaline water and so forth .
That veers off into the land of magical thinking and the noisy " anti-aging " marketplace that so loves to take the money of the gullible .
Now that I 've savaged items # 1 and # 2 in Dvorsky 's post , I can say that the rest of it is good advice that you should read , especially on supporting the future of longevity research .
Nothing other than major advances in medical science will reliably let you live to see 100 years of age - so best we all get working on that , right ?
January 2 , 2008
The last article I did produced some stir , as it dealt with the decision by Faux News to ban Ron Paul from the upcoming presidential debate in New Hampshire .
Most of the responses were supportive as this is a travesty .
That any news agency , let alone a fake one , would purposefully try and influence the outcome of a presidential election has to be unacceptable for all Americans .
But toward the end of the comments I was attacked for " sloppy reporting " by a Mr. Westmiller , who claimed that Paul was not being excluded from the debates at all !
Well , all is fair in propaganda I guess .
Not only is Paul being excluded , as I correctly reported , but ABC may also be blacklisting him as well .
Here is a link for those who ought to check their sources before accusing anyone of sloppy reporting :
http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/12/31/debate.limits.ap/index.html?section=cnn_latest
ABC seems to be applying fairer standards but why can't the American people hear all the opinions ?
Paul is still leading in fundraising , so why exclude him ?
Fox ’s lame excuse is they do not have enough room in their trailer ... I kid you not .
An alleged media giant can only afford a trailer that fits five candidates comfortably .
They have enough room for Fred " I do n't really want to be here " Thompson , who has been in for a month and has done NOTHING , but not for the top fundraiser in the pack .
We all know why there is such bias against Dr. Paul .
It is because he represents something other than the script the other guys will be reading off of .
He would have been the only GOP hopeful talking about NOT blowing up the world , true fiscal discipline , and restoring civil liberties .
Can't have that on Fox where they pretend to report , but they have already decided .
Instead now we will be regaled with tales from the five would be tyrants who all believe they can more efficiently bomb Iran .
They will spin yarns about how we need them to protect us and how the democrats are all spineless wimps because they do not lockstep to the war drumbeats and thrashing of our civil liberties .
Most important to Fox News of course , is that they get to present their view of the Republican Party unblemished .
They get to present the neocon vision as the only articulated platform for the GOP .
No more uncomfortable post - debate polls showing how Ron Paul handily defeated their host of war - mongering candidates .
Sean Hannity will not have to exclaim how Paul backers somehow rigged a poll .
Fox gets to draw the sharp delineation they have been seeking .
It is either the big brave republicans or the wimpy ole democrats .
Nothing in the middle folks , nope , nothing to see here .
Move along and cast your vote for one of our pre-selected candidates .
I guess some might be confused as to why ABC has hopped along the un-American express ?
I mean , everyone knows
Fox is biased but ABC is “ mainstream ” , right ?
WRONG .
The corporate media is the corporate media .
The true damage
Fox does is to make other corporate media appear more central , when they are in fact just as in bed with the machine as Fox .
ABC might cave quicker to pressure though .
There ’re lots of women , who choose garments by the color .
Have you ever faced the following situation ?
You see a very nice t- shirt , or shoes , or jacket , no matter what , it suits you perfectly , you would wear it every day and all your friends would be envious of it .
You just love everything in it !
Everything , but the color .
You have never worn such bright colors , maybe only in childhood .
And honestly , you have no idea , how to wear them and what to combine with it .
But it ’s not so complicated .
I ’ll try to help you with it , so that you wear , what you like , but not what you ’re accustomed to .
How to Wear Clothes of Bright Colors
If the basic clothes item is bright ( pink , for example ) , the accessories should be of the same color gamma .
item is ( pink , for example ) , the accessories should be of the same color gamma .
You may also combine several garment items of bright colors .
Here are some examples showing , how to combine bright colors in clothes :
If your choice is a blood red jacket , but you do n’t know , what to combine with it , wear it over a black dress .
Your bright jacket will look like a jewel in a strict frame .
You may also wear it over a dress with a flower print .
Look at the picture , how it looks and pay attention , that bright colors look more attractive than dull ones , even if the woman is beautiful .
How to Wear Accessories of Bright Colors
If the bright thing you like , but cannot make up your mind to buy , is an accessory , feel free to wear it with white - black gamma garments .
And vice versa , wear bright colored clothes with accessories of laconic colors .
Your bag may be the accessory which gives tone to your entire image .
But choosing a bag of a bright color , remember , that in this case it would look best as a part of clothes of laconic colors .
How to Wear Garments with Floral Print
This summer you will see a lot of garments with floral print both on the stores shelves and worn .
You think , it ’s too bright for you ?
Hey , do n’t be so modest , it does look stylish , if you wear clothes with floral prints correctly .
The picture below shows a do n’t from Stefanel : two types of flower print are too much ( bag and dress ) .
And here are the basic tips for the coming summer :
wear a flower printed dress with a bag and shoes without a floral print .
and without a floral print .
combine a one - color dress and a bag ( or another accessory ) with floral print .
The same can be said about other prints , for example , stripes :
Now you know , what to do with bright colors and various kinds of print .
Do n’t be afraid of clothes with brave prints or variegated clothes .
They are extremely trendy this spring - summer season .
Several years ago I gave a talk on Martha ’s Vineyard about many of the people whose portraits I ’ve painted in the Americans Who Tell the Truth series .
I spent some time talking about the legacy of Martin Luther King , Jr. When I talk about King , I like to focus on his last year — the period when , defying the advice of many of his advisors in the civil rights movement , he spoke against the Vietnam War , equating racism with imperialism .
King felt bound to make the point that the forces of capitalism , materialism , and militarism that were driving segregation were also driving the war , and until we confronted the source of the problem , the abuses would continue .
It was April 4 , 1967 , in Riverside Church in New York , that he made that declaration .
A year to the day before his assassination .
It has always confounded me every year when we celebrate Dr. King ’s life that no mention is made of that Riverside Church speech in the major media .
We are always treated to sound bites of the 1963 I Have a Dream speech .
That speech ’s oratory is as powerful as it is non-confrontational .
Which is why it is re-played for modern audiences .
Dr. King was about confrontation .
Non-violence and confrontation , each ennobling and making the other effective .
In 1967 he said , “ … my country is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today . ”
And he explained how our economic system thrived on exploitation and violence , or , as Emma Goldman put it , “ The greatest bulwark of capitalism is militarism . ”
This was probably the most important speech King ever gave and not playing it when we ostensibly honor him , is tantamount to castrating him morally and intellectually .
Just as there is a long history of White America castrating black men , there is an equal legacy of Elite America cutting the most important truths of our social prophets out of the history books .
We pay homage to King ’s icon , the cardboard cutout , but not to his strongest beliefs and his most cogent analysis of our problems — to what vision called forth his courage .
And , if we think that he spoke the truth , to censor that truth is to promote a curious kind of segregation .
He is segregated , not for the color of his skin , but for the accuracy of his perception , how close to the bone his words cut .
We ca n’t bear to hear the sound of truth ’s knife scraping on hypocrisy ’s bone .
Only people who actually want to change the system dance to that music or want it to be heard .
Equally important , and part of the same neglect , is the intentional ignoring of the facts of his death .
In my talk on Martha ’s Vineyard I spoke about William Pepper ’s book , An Act of State : The Execution of Martin Luther King , Jr. Pepper had been James Earl Ray ’s lawyer .
Ray was the man convicted of killing King .
But both Pepper and the King family were convinced that Ray was innocent .
The King family hired Pepper to represent them in a suit ; they asked only $ 100.00 in damages to clear Ray ’s name .
Before the trial came to court in 1999 , Ray had died in prison .
The jury determined that King had been assassinated by a conspiracy involving the Memphis police , the Mafia , the FBI , and the Special Forces of the U.S. Army .
Ray , the patsy , had left town before the shot was fired .
Pepper had confessions from people involved from each of the organizations named .
The verdict was barely mentioned in the U.S. media then and is not mentioned every year on the anniversary of his death .
Why ?
After my talk on Martha ’s Vineyard a man came up to me and said , “ I enjoyed your speech and was with you until you started that conspiracy stuff about MLK , Jr. ” I said , “ That ’s not conspiracy .
What I told you are facts . ”
End of conversation .
I think we ’re confronted with two conspiracies here : one to commit the crime , the other to ignore it even when the facts are known .
( Two sides of the same coin . )
The man who accused me of slipping into the neurotic , aliens - are - among - us land of conspiracy nuts was unable to hear the evidence , perhaps because he was so utterly convinced by our government and media that conspiracies do n’t exist , people who espouse them are dangerous fruitcakes , and if you begin to think like that , your whole house of cards wobbles then topples .
Who wants that ?
Better a standing tower of marked cards , than having to admit the game is rigged and the ground is shaking .
America is steeped in conspiracy , and even more steeped in propaganda that discredits those who try to expose the conspiracies .
Whether we ’re talking about MLK , Jr. , JFK , RFK , Iran -Contra , 9/11 , or , most importantly , the status quo , anyone who works to uncover the truth is branded a “ conspiracy nut ” and discredited before any evidence has a fair hearing .
The government / corporate / media version is THE VERSION .
Anything else is illusory .
In fact , the cultural success of labeling investigative reporters and forensic historians , and , simply , anyone who tries to name reality , “ conspiracy nuts ” is perhaps the most successful conspiracy of our time .
Well , not the most successful .
That prize goes to the conspiracy to give corporations all the rights of individual persons under our Constitution .
That conspiracy has codified and consolidated corporate power so that it controls our lives in almost every meaningful way .
It controls the election funds of our candidates , and them once they are in office .
It controls our major media including public broadcasting .
It controls the content of our television programming .
It controls how are tax dollars are spent making sure that the richest get the most welfare .
It controls the laws , the courts , the prison system and the mind numbing propaganda that we are the greatest democracy on earth .
It controls the values with which we raise our children .
It controls our ability to dispense justice .
It controls how we treat nature , how we deface our land with strip malls , and blow the tops off our mountains — a form of corporate free speech .
It dictates our modes of transportation .
It controls our inability to respond to true crises like climate change .
It attempts to create a spiritual deficiency in every person that can be filled and healed only with stuff — and no stuff is ever enough .
As Richard Grossman puts it , “ Is n’t it an old story ?
People create what looks to be a nifty machine , a robot , called the corporation .
Over time , the robots get together and overpower the people . …
For a century , the robots propagandize and indoctrinate each generation of people so they grow up believing that robots are people too , gifts from God and Mother Nature ; that they are inevitable and the source of all that is good .
How odd that we have been so gullible , so docile , obedient . ”
It is obvious to say that we have been engineered into a culture that values competitive consumption and consumers instead of community cooperation and citizenship .
Capitalism with its obsessive and necessary appetite for consumption , expanding markets , resource depletion , and increasing profits has consumed democracy .
Have you ever watched a small snake swallow a large frog ?
The snake ’s hinged jaw stretches wider and wider , squeezing the frog millimeter by millimeter into its gullet until finally the snake looks like the Holland Tunnel might if it had devoured the Titanic .
Then the acids and enzymes do their corrosive work .
The frog becomes the snake .
And the snake claims it is the frog .
Capitalism has gulped down democracy and claimed it is democracy .
When , immediately after 9/11 , President Bush advised Americans to demonstrate their love of freedom and their resistance to terrorism by courageously , selflessly , hurrying to the mall to buy something , he was speaking as the snake that identifies itself as a frog .
He was asking us to play a little game with our brains ’ synapses , replace the snake icon with the frog ’s .
Sadly , he may also have been speaking about democracy in the only way that he can understand or recognize it .
And , for him , Christianity has been another tidy meal for the snake .
Perhaps this switcheroo is nowhere more obvious than in the military / industrial complex .
We are told that the vulnerable frog needs protecting .
The threats are grave .
So we fork over our money and children ’s lives for war and weapons .
We are told that we are building security and peace .
More lives .
More weapons .
What we are n’t told is that the largest US export to the world is weapons .
What we are n’t told is that enormous fortunes are being made from the arms trade .
What we are n’t told is that the more precarious and unstable the world is , the better the business for the arms dealers — that the real promotion is not for security and peace but insecurity and war , that the lives of our children are the necessary collateral damage for this monster .
What we are n’t told is that the only real security is in cooperation , conservation , and fairness , not imperialism .
The frog , who is a snake , wrapped in a flag , pleads for patriotism and counts the cash .
The snake ’s forked tongue is a barbeque fork on which we ’ve all been roasted .
I ’d call that conspiracy .
The neocons have claimed , with some accuracy , that they can create reality faster than we can react : the deed is done , now deal with it .
The troops have invaded , Halliburton , Blackwater , and Lockheed signed their contracts , the prisoners are tortured , your email is bugged , the resources for social programs are gone , the laws are changed , the Wal - Mart is built , the sludge dump has already polluted the aquifer , truth is hollowed out —- catch me if you can !
How is that not conspiracy ?
The cooks & the crooks create a new status quo , legalize it , propagandize it , mythologize it , fundamentalize it , slather it with fear and patriotism , and force feed it to the complacent , sedated cow we call America .
How is that not conspiracy ?
Of course , ever since the Constitution was signed and did n’t free the slaves or give the vote to women , poor folks , Native Americans and freed blacks so that people with power and money could continue to profit , America has been a conspiracy against itself .
It ’s been cowboy grilling his own heart over a smoke & mirrors campfire , a CEO with inherited wealth and three hundred years of patrician , affirmative action crooning “ Only in America . ”
The reason we ca n’t talk about conspiracy is because it is the modus operandi .
It is n’t the elephant in the room , it is the room itself .
We all live there .
We can impeach a few elephants , and we should , but the architecture is in place .
And they control it .
When I was in school , I was reminded - repeatedly — to avoid using an indefinite pronoun without identifying whom it refers to , as in , “ They are coming to get us , ” … or , “ They control everything . ”
Who are They ?
It ’s bad practice to think and write like that .
Without reference it just sounds like paranoia .
But the hell of it is that it ’s damned hard to say who the They are that are in conspiracy to destroy democracy and , by exploitation , nature .
Did
They do it on purpose or merely discover by serendipity , like cavemen seeing copper ooze out of a rock by a fire , the wondrous possibility and power of what they had found .
For instance , the invention of the TV was not a conspiracy .
But once the realization of how TV could be used to submerge the public in a lobotomizing swamp of advertising , sound bites , inactivity , community destruction , titillation , false history , empty myth , consumption , and complicity in making fortunes for the sponsors , the program was clear .
Conspiracy was the silent partner in the euphemism good business practice .
And , once they saw the implications of giving corporations First Amendment rights , they were home free .
Time to re-think conspiracy .
We need to embrace conspiracy in two ways .
One , admit that it ’s real , its quotidian , it ’s the fabric of our lives , the mercury in the air , the dioxin in the water , it ’s filling the airwaves and the marketplace and the courts and the halls of Congress before we even get out of bed every morning .
Two , counter it with a conspiracy of our own .
On our side we have the fundamental fact that although the corporate
They can alter many of our realities , they ca n’t alter Reality .
They ca n’t change the behavior of Nature .
They can sell off the rain forest , but they ca n’t leverage the effect of cutting it .
They can keep the mileage of cars poor so we ’ll buy more gas , but they ca n’t alter the amount of oil in the ground or the damage to the atmosphere .
They can privatize every human interaction and every natural resource , but they ca n’t privatize the laws of nature .
They have conspired to change reality .
We must conspire to live in harmony with Reality .
In the same way , they can conspire to kill Martin Luther King , Jr. , but they ca n’t totally eradicate the truth of who did it and why .
Con + spirare , from the Latin .
To breathe together .
Those are the roots of conspiracy .
Breathing together does n’t sound like an activity of the ideologically deracinated whispering seditiously in a dank cellar or a board room , foul breaths denting a weak flame flickering over a candle nub , gunpowder or greed blackened fingers setting a timer , the whites of creased eyes glinting like knives with treason , murder , power , and deceit .
Con + spirare sounds like healthy men and women standing in the sun figuring out how in the hell they are going to take care of each other and their aging mother Earth and love life while doing it .
Breathing together , sharing the same air , plotting to make sure that what ’s mine is yours , conspiring to save their self - respect , their ideals , the future for their children .
I want to be part of a conspiracy .
Pervasive , populist , revolutionary , and totally transparent .
Grassroots .
Idealistic .
Simplistic .
Life - affirming .
Community building
A conspiracy to make the common good and the love of nature the common denominator of every economic transaction .
And the simple truth is either we start breathing together , conspiring big time , right out in the open , nakedly , unashamedly , or we will have conspired in secret , by default , in our own demise .
We have let them breathe for us , and they have stolen our breath , our air , our spirit .
Secret con + spirare is death .
Open con + spirare is life .
Conspiracy is dead .
Long live conspiracy !
___________
Robert Shetterly lives in Brooksville , Maine www.americanswhotellthetruth.org
White House challenges court ruling on release of visitor logs RAW STORY
Published : Monday April 21 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
The Bush administration is challenging a court ruling that White House visitor logs are public documents , saying releasing the records would infringe on the separation of powers .
White House documents are normally exempt from public records laws , but a federal judge ruled in December that Secret Service visitor logs must be released .
The court sided with a liberal watchdog group that sought records showing visits by prominent religious conservatives to the White House and Vice President Dick Cheney 's residence .
The Bush administration appealed and lawyers were scheduled to argue the case Monday before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Government lawyers argue the president and vice president must be able to receive visitors and solicit advice privately .
They portrayed the request for Secret Service records as an end - around , saying those same logs maintained by the White House would never be considered public documents .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington wants to use the Secret Service documents to show the influence religious conservatives have on the Bush administration .
The government argues that proves the records are related to the White House , not to the workings of the Secret Service , and should not be released .
" The prospect of each and every appointment record immediately becoming the subject of forced public disclosure would surely cast a chill over the ability of the president and vice president to collect information and advice , " Justice Department lawyers wrote in court documents .
CREW lawyers reject that argument .
They say the documents should n't be considered White House records simply because a watchdog group is trying to find out what the White House is up to .
The Secret Service created and controlled the documents , the lawyers said , so they should be public .
Nearly two dozen news organizations , including The Associated Press , filed court documents supporting the release of the Secret Service logs .
Monday , February 4 , 2008
Claiming that " actions are being taken " , a person replying to emails to the Church of Scientology has responded exclusively to Wikinews regarding the recent attacks on their web sites from the nebulous " Anonymous " group .
In an effort to get the Church 's side of the story , Wikinews freelance journalist Brian McNeil located a contact address , knowledge@lrh.org .
A " Laetitia " responded , ignoring a detailed list of questions that would have given information on the damage inflicted on the Church and action taken .
Instead non-specific comments about how the Church is handling the issue were given .
She first started by asking if Wikinews was " part of Anonymous or are you pro-Scientology ? "
" Activities of Anonymous have been reported to the Authorities and actions are being taken .
Their activities are illegal and we do not approve of them .
At the same time , our main work is to improve the environment , make people more able and spiritually aware .
... yes , we are taking action , " said Laetitia .
' Anonymous ' first came to public attention when the group launched denial - of - service attacks against the Church 's website , following the Church 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .
Although YouTube is complying with the requests to remove the video , other sites such as Gawker.com have stated that they will continue hosting the video .
Fielding expert opinions on the Church 's response , Wikinews turned to Andreas Heldal - Lund , the creator of the Operation Clambake project , as well as a former Scientologist who wished to remain anonymous .
" I believe strongly in freedom of speech and , living in the best country in the world , I came to the conclusion that I had to help protest this cult .
To me CoS [ Church of Scientology ] was then , and still is , a fascistic organization and a real threat to our democratic principles , " said Andreas Heldal - Lund , the creator of Operation Clambake .
" The strategy was to disarm the cult ; if they took down something I linked to , I had made preparations to link to another copy or host it myself .
The more they resisted it the more attention we got , the more the information was spread and the more people got involved .
It felt like a cat and mouse game for many years .
What for me started as a weekend stunt grew far beyond my initial scope and Operation Clambake became the site most critics linked and referred to , " added Heldal - Lund .
Heldal - Lund states that the effort of the Church to remove criticism of its organization from the web is failing .
" The cult ' Orgs ' are ' dead ' .
Recruiting in most western countries where they once experienced a healthy organic growth is very hard .
All their most secret documents are spread beyond recall and easily available for anybody interested .
More people than we ever dreamed now know about Scientology and at least that it ' smells fishy ' .
All the information we once fought day and night to protect is now easily available for free and on the top of Google .
The cult has even given up threatening us , " added Heldal - Lund who also said that there are " no major lawsuits ongoing or pending " against Operation Clambake .
" We are taking action , Anonymous will be handled and stopped , but not to the detriment of us stopping all community outreach activities .
We 've had people throw attacks at us in the past as they do not agree with the betterment of people .
History is strewn with such people who start wars , wreak havoc etc. and they never continue to exist in the long run as their purpose is one of destruction .
That 's a statistical and historical fact , " stated Laetitia .
The Internet vs. Scientology .
Laetitia had earlier stated that Wikinews was not allowed to use the quotes that they provided saying they , " have a problem with [ Wikinews ] quoting this .
You are writing on a help website and it is n't the right source for the " Scientology opinion , " but later acknowledged that the inquiries were of a press nature stating , " you have made it clear [ that you are a journalist ] and I appreciate you being upfront on the matter . "
An expert evaluation on the e-mails by a former Church member and expert on the religion reveals that Laetitia may have slipped , providing information that she may not have been authorized to provide .
" The person you were speaking to was from the ' Planetary Dissemination Org ' ( PDO ) , a unit within the Sea Org responsible for promoting Scientology to new recruits which is responsible for Scientology ’s websites .
Most probably , the person that you were talking to did not have permission to talk to the press , which is why the person got edgy when publication was talked about .
Judging by the way she responded , I am of the opinion that she felt that Wikinews was ' PTS ' [ Potential Trouble Source ] as a result of being connected to whoever Scientology believes ' Anonymous ' is , thus was attempting to handle Wikinews ’ suppressive tendencies that they believe would occur as a result .
It is also interesting to note that she followed a Scientology training document entitled ' BTB 10 DEC 1969 REPORTER TRs ' , " said the expert who wishes to remain totally anonymous .
" ' Then using different questions , the PRO [ Public Relations Officer ] gives ' no answers ' .
The trick is to appear to answer the question by giving generalized statements in simple terms so that the reporter does n't realize his question has n't been answered ' .
Aside from being an obvious filibuster , it also shows she has been trained to deal with reporters , " added the expert who also said that the question the Church asked Wikinews : ' Are you part of Anonymous or are you pro-Scientology ' , " I find this particularly interesting as an example of Scientological for - or - against logic .
In other words , if you are n't pro-Scientology , the writer reasoned , you must be a member of Anonymous because you would n't be writing to her . "
As the war between the Internet and Scientology rages on , the owner of 711 chan.org says that he is prepared to " re-enter the CoS scene " , and respond to The Regime , a hacker group which attempted to shut down 711 chan using keylogging to gain an administrator password to 711 chan .
Prior to the site coming back online this morning , Plasma , the owner and operator of 711 chan.org , had this to say ;
" The g00ns , one of our allies , are working on getting " The Regime " and told us to get right back into the CoS scene -- which means as soon as 711 chan is back online , we will be re-entering raid mode . "
Also , despite earlier claims and suspicions that The Regime might have been hired by or be part of the Church of Scientology , Plasma told Wikinews that The Regime " are not part of the Church . g00ns [ organization ] have a long history with ' immortal ' , and what ' immortal ' is trying to do is get at g00ns by using 711 chan .
It 's nothing against us . "
The website came back online this morning , and already over 18,000 posts have been made on its functioning imageboards .
The owners have , via a message posted on the homepage of the site , promised to restore the other boards in the coming weeks dependent on which boards the users would like to see revived .
One Anonymous user of the site had this to say about the revival , " 711 is patched up and ready to take it 's place among the Legion . "
Worldwide protests have been scheduled by ' Anonymous ' to take place against the Church on February 10 , 2008 .
There are expected to be at least 217 protests taking place on the 10th at Church headquarters around the globe .
In a poll conducted by Wikinews on 816 internet news readers , 80 % ( 660 ) said that The Internet will win the war against Scientology .
7 % ( 63 ) said that the Church would win.
8 % ( 66 ) said neither side will win and 3 % ( 27 ) did n't care .
Related news
Sources
The RSA Conference
Last week was the RSA Conference , easily the largest information security conference in the world .
Over 17,000 people descended on San Francisco ’s Moscone Center to hear some of the over 250 talks , attend I - did n’t - try - to - count parties , and try to evade over 350 exhibitors vying to sell them stuff .
Talk to the exhibitors , though , and the most common complaint is that the attendees are n’t buying .
It ’s not the quality of the wares .
The show floor is filled with new security products , new technologies , and new ideas .
Many of these are products that will make the attendees ’ companies more secure in all sorts of different ways .
The problem is that most of the people attending the RSA Conference can’t understand what the products do or why they should buy them .
So they do n’t .
I spoke with one person whose trip was paid for by a smallish security firm .
He was one of the company ’s first customers , and the company was proud to parade him in front of the press .
I asked him if he walked through the show floor , looking at the company ’s competitors to see if there was any benefit to switching .
“ I ca n’t figure out what any of those companies do , ” he replied .
I believe him .
The booths are filled with broad product claims , meaningless security platitudes , and unintelligible marketing literature .
You could walk into a booth , listen to a five - minute sales pitch by a marketing type , and still not know what the company does .
Even seasoned security professionals are confused .
Commerce requires a meeting of minds between buyer and seller , and it ’s just not happening .
The sellers ca n’t explain what they ’re selling to the buyers , and the buyers do n’t buy because they do n’t understand what the sellers are selling .
There ’s a mismatch between the two ; they ’re so far apart that they ’re barely speaking the same language .
This is a bad thing in the near term — some good companies will go bankrupt and some good security technologies wo n’t get deployed — but it ’s a good thing in the long run .
It demonstrates that the computer industry is maturing : IT is getting complicated and subtle , and users are starting to treat it like infrastructure .
For a while now I have predicted the death of the security industry .
Not the death of information security as a vital requirement , of course , but the death of the end - user security industry that gathers at the RSA Conference .
When something becomes infrastructure — power , water , cleaning service , tax preparation — customers care less about details and more about results .
Technological innovations become something the infrastructure providers pay attention to , and they package it for their customers .
No one wants to buy security .
They want to buy something truly useful — database management systems , Web 2.0 collaboration tools , a company - wide network — and they want it to be secure .
They do n’t want to have to become IT security experts .
They do n’t want to have to go to the RSA Conference .
This is the future of IT security .
You can see it in the large IT outsourcing contracts that companies are signing — not security outsourcing contracts , but more general IT contracts that include security .
You can see it in the current wave of industry consolidation : not large security companies buying small security companies , but non-security companies buying security companies .
And you can see it in the new popularity of software as a service : Customers want solutions ; who cares about the details ?
Imagine if the inventor of antilock brakes — or any automobile safety or security feature — had to sell them directly to the consumer .
It would be an uphill battle convincing the average driver that he needed to buy them ; maybe that technology would have succeeded and maybe it would n’t .
But that ’s not what happens .
Antilock brakes , airbags , and that annoying sensor that beeps when you ’re backing up too close to another object are sold to automobile companies , and those companies bundle them together into cars that are sold to consumers .
This does n’t mean that automobile safety is n’t important , and often these new features are touted by the car manufacturers .
The RSA Conference wo n’t die , of course .
Security is too important for that .
There will still be new technologies , new products , and new start - ups .
But it will become inward - facing , slowly turning into an industry conference .
It ’ll be security companies selling to the companies who sell to corporate and home users — and will no longer be a 17,000 - person user conference .
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
EDITED TO ADD ( 5/1 ) : Commentary .
Posted on April 22 , 2008 at 6:35 AM • 34 Comments
Wesley Snipes Sentenced to Three Years in Prison
Wesley Snipes leaves federal court after sentencing .
Actorhas received a three - year prison sentence for three counts of willfully failing to file his taxes .
Although Snipes ' attorney argued that the sentence was too stiff for a first - time offender , U.S. District Judge William Terrell Hodges disagreed , despite character reference letters from three dozen family members and friends , including Denzel Washington and Woody Harrelson .
The judge said Snipes exhibited a " history of contempt over a period of time " for U.S. tax laws .
U.S. Attorney Robert O'Neill addressed reporters outside the courthouse , saying , " The sentencing court sends the right message to the American taxpayer — you 've got to pay your taxes . "
" Rich , poor , it does n't matter .
We all pay our taxes . "
View Denzel Washington and Woody Harrelson character reference letters below .
Continued ...
Obama breaks $ 40 million for March
Yet another success of lowered expectations , and well - concealed numbers , as Obama announces his fundraising numbers for March .
The campaign says he raised more than $ 40 million from more than 442,000 donors , more than 218,000 of whom were giving for the first time .
It 's a well Obama 's barely begun to tap .
More Than 442,000 Donors Help Obama Raise Over $ 40 Million in March
CHICAGO , IL — Senator Barack Obama ’s campaign announced today that more than 442,000 contributors across the country gave more than $ 40 million in March .
More than 218,000 donors contributed to the campaign for the first time , and the average contribution level was $ 96 .
“ Senator Obama has always said that this campaign would rise or fall on the willingness of the American people to become partners in an effort to change our politics and start a new chapter in our history , ” campaign manager David Plouffe said .
“ Today we ’re seeing the American people ’s extraordinary desire to change Washington , as tens of thousands of new contributors joined the more than a million Americans who have already taken ownership of this campaign for change .
Many of our contributors are volunteering for the campaign , making our campaign the largest grassroots army in recent political history . ”
March Fundraising by the Numbers
Total Raised in March : More than $ 40 million
Contributors in March : More than 442,000
First - Time Contributors in March : More than 218,000
Average Contribution : $ 96
Total Contributors to Date : More than 1,276,000
Yahoo intends to join OpenSocial , a Google - led alliance that is developing a common set of standards so developers can create programs that run on many social networks and other Web sites , according to a person with direct knowledge of Yahoo ’s plans .
Yahoo ’s backing , which could be announced as early as this week , would bring a large base of users to the OpenSocial alliance , which is seen as a counterweight to Facebook ’s successful courtship of application developers .
The alliance , which was announced in the fall , already includes MySpace , Bebo and several other social networking sites .
Yahoo ’s participation “ would mean that the site with the largest group of users , and with the largest base of registered users , would be joining OpenSocial , ” said Charlene Li , an analyst with Forrester Research .
When asked about Yahoo ’s OpenSocial plans , a company spokeswoman said : “ Yahoo has a rich history of supporting open standards , such as OpenID and Apache Hadoop , as we believe industry collaboration is beneficial to the developer community and the Web as a whole .
While we are evaluating OpenSocial as an emerging standard , we do not comment on speculation or rumors . ”
Yahoo has said it wants to speed up efforts to open its site to outside developers .
Although it is not a social network , Yahoo could benefit from third party “ social ” applications that allow users to share , say , their favorite photos , music or movies with their friends .
The creators of many of the most popular applications on Facebook have already said they plan to also adapt their programs to conform with the OpenSocial standard .
Samba and the PFIF
Samba Team Receives Microsoft Protocol Documentation
December 20th 2007 .
Today the Protocol Freedom Information Foundation ( PFIF ) , a non-profit organization created by the Software Freedom Law Center , signed an agreement with Microsoft to receive the protocol documentation needed to fully interoperate with the Microsoft Windows workgroup server products and to make them available to Free Software projects such as Samba .
Microsoft was required to make this information available to competitors as part of the European Commission March 24th 2004 Decision in the antitrust lawsuit , after losing their appeal against that decision on September 17th 2007 .
Andrew Tridgell , creator of Samba , said , " We are very pleased to be able to get access to the technical information necessary to continue to develop Samba as a Free Software project .
Although we were disappointed the decision did not address the issue of patent claims over the protocols , it was a great achievement for the European Commission and for enforcement of antitrust laws in Europe .
The agreement allows us to keep Samba up to date with recent changes in Microsoft Windows , and also helps other Free Software projects that need to interoperate with Windows " .
Jeremy Allison , co-creator of Samba said , " Andrew did a superb job in negotiating the agreement with Microsoft .
We will be able to use the information obtained to continue to develop Samba and create more Free Software .
We are hoping to get back to the productive relationship we had with Microsoft during the early 1990's when we shared information about these protocols .
The agreement also clarifies the exact patent numbers concerned so there is no possibility of misunderstandings around this issue . "
Volker Lendecke , head of the Samba Team in Europe said , " I am very pleased to see that the European Commission acknowledged Free Software as a valid competitor in the IT industry and that the License conditions on the protocol information offered to the Free Software world are indeed compatible with the GPL .
This is much better than what we have seen in similar cases in other countries and the Commission has done a great job to push the case to this point . "
Compatible with Free Software
After paying Microsoft a one - time sum of 10,000 Euros , the PFIF will make available to the Samba Team under non-disclosure terms the documentation needed for implementation of all of the workgroup server protocols covered by the EU decision .
Although the documentation itself will be held in confidence by the PFIF and Samba Team engineers , the agreement allows the publication of the source code of the implementation of these protocols without any further restrictions .
This is fully compatible with versions two and three of the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
Samba is published under the GNU GPL which is the most widely used of all Free Software licenses .
In addition it allows discussion of the protocol information amongst implementers which will aid technical cooperation between engineers .
Under the agreement , Microsoft is required to make available and keep current a list of patent numbers it believes are related to the Microsoft implementation of the workgroup server protocols , without granting an implicit patent license to any Free Software implementation .
No per-copy royalties are required from the PFIF , Samba developers , third party vendors or users and no acknowledgement of any patent infringement by Free Software implementations is expressed or implied in the agreement .
The patent list provides us with a bounded set of work needed to ensure non-infringement of Samba and other Free Software projects that implement the protocols documented by Microsoft under this agreement .
Any patents outside this list cannot be asserted by Microsoft against any implementation developed using the supplied documentation .
Unlike the highly dubious patent covenants recently announced by some companies this warranty extends to all third parties .
Also unlike past agreements , this agreement has been carefully scrutinized by the Software Freedom Law Center , the premier legal experts for the GPL and Free Software .
Microsoft must keep the documentation up to date with new products and provide error correction assistance to parties signing the agreement .
Disputes will be resolved by the Trustee appointed by the Commission as part of the court decision .
The Samba Team would like to extend our heartfelt thanks to Carlo Piana from the Free Software Foundation Europe and Eben Moglen of the Software Freedom Law Center , who have been our legal representation on this case .
They have provided world - class legal services for many years and we are sincerely grateful .
The Samba Team .
20th December 2007
press@samba.org
For more information see :
SfC Home > Health > Animal Health >
Comparison of Animal Ages
by Ron Kurtus ( revised 13 September 2011 )
Most animals age more rapidly than humans .
Just as humans need different nutrition , exercise and health care at the various phases in their lives , so too do your pets need different care as they age .
Older animals suffer from the same ailments as elderly people , such as arthritis and loss of hearing and vision .
A comparison of the actual age of the pet and the corresponding of a human can give you a good idea of how to take care of your pet and also to understand its behavior .
Questions you may have include :
What is the life span of various animals ?
What are the age phases in a cat ?
What are the age phases in a dog ?
This lesson will answer those questions .
Animal Health Disclaimer
Longevity of various animals
The longevity of various animals ranges from about 193 years to 6 months .
Usually , the larger animals live longer than the smaller ones .
Animal Typical Maximum Life span Mammals Elephant 70 years Camel 50 years Donkey 45 years Horse 40 years Lion 35 years Deer 35 years Bull 28 years Pig , wild 25 years Cat 23 years Tiger 22 years Cow 22 years Ox 20 years Wolf 18 years Dog , small 17 years Sheep 15 years Goat 15 years Fox 14 years Dog , large 12 years Rabbit 9 years Mouse 4 years Birds Amazon Parrot 80 years Macaw 50 years Pigeon 26 years Blackbird 18 years Chicken 15 years Reptiles Galapagos Land Tortoise 193 years American Box Turtle 123 years Crocodile 45 years Rattlesnake 22 years Insects
Ant , queen 3 years Ant , worker 0.5 year Bee , queen 5 years Bee , worker 1 year
Ages of cats
Ages of Dogs
Summary
Most pets and other animals have a shorter life span that humans .
With dogs and cats , a relationship between their age and the equivalent human age has been estimated .
As they age , they require different care , as do humans when they age .
Live a long and fruitful life
Resources and references
Ron Kurtus ' Credentials
Websites
Pet doctor - animal life span
Pet Health Resources
Books
Top-rated books on Pet Health
Questions and comments
Do you have any questions , comments , or opinions on this subject ?
Click the Feedback Q&A tab at the top of the page to see what others have said .
Or , you can send an email with your feedback .
I will try to get back to you as soon as possible .
Share this page
Click on a button to bookmark or share this page through Twitter , Facebook , email , or other services :
Students and researchers
The Web address of this page is :
www.school-for-champions.com/animalhealth/
animal_ages.htm
Please include it as a link on your website or as a reference in your report , document , or thesis .
Copyright © Restrictions
Where are you now ?
School for Champions
I 've mentioned a few times on The Simple Dollar that I have conducted a substantial number of job interviews in the past .
Although the jobs I usually hire for are technical in nature , most of the truly telling ( and thus truly valuable ) interview questions were non-technical questions .
A great interview question reveals the nature of the person you 're hiring - honesty , reliability , ability to communicate intelligently and quickly , and so on .
Over time , I 've collected a pretty good pile of questions that I use in almost every interview .
Here are twenty five of the most reliable ones , along with a tip or two for each one that illustrates what makes a good answer - and what makes a bad one .
Hopefully , the discussion here will provide some insightful questions for interviewers , as well as some things for potential job applicants to think about .
If you can easily answer all of these questions , you should n't have much to worry about in the interview .
At the end , I give a checklist of " homework " a potential interviewer should do before a big interview .
First , stupid answers to stupid questions .
A lot of questions that are asked at job interviews are really stupid and have obvious answers to them .
" What 's your greatest weakness ? "
That 's not a question that 's ever going to get a truly honest answer , and mostly it 's just going to draw something bogus like " I'm a workaholic ! "
Interviewers ask these questions because they 're " supposed " to , but they usually do n't give any useful information .
" Do you consider yourself successful ? "
The answer is always yes .
" Are you a team player ? "
The answer is always yes .
" How long do you plan on working here ? "
The answer is always long - term .
" What 's more important , the work or the money ? "
The work is always more important .
It 's easy to identify a nonsense interview question - is it easy for you to give a very generic and canned answer that reveals nothing about you ?
If it is , then do n't sweat the question and worry about ones that actually matter .
1 . Tell me about yourself .
This basically just serves to make the person comfortable and gives me a chance to figure out how they talk .
This is a question that every interviewee should be prepared to answer , so you should be able to deliver a steady answer here .
Have something clear in mind for this one before you even go in the door .
The " best " answer highlights aspects of yourself that make you stand out from Joe Average in a positive fashion .
Make a list of four or five of the biggest ones , then work that into a thirty second bit .
2 . Tell me what you know about us .
This question simply tries to determine if the person being interviewed has done their homework .
An exceptional candidate will be able to deliver a lot of information about the company , but mostly this eliminates people who did n't even bother to do minimal checking - these are people we do n't want .
In other words , before you go to an interview , know what the organization is .
3 . What sets you apart from other people that might apply for this job ?
The answer is usually already known to the interviewer based on the resume , but this is a chance for you to really sell yourself .
Most interviewers will usually sit back and see how well you can sell .
On occasion , surprises can be good here , but this can be tricky - if it 's something that should have been on your resume , why was it not on your resume ?
You 're better off knowing what the cream of the crop of your resume is and just listing it out .
4. Describe to me the position you 're applying for .
This is a " homework " question , too , but it also gives some clues as to the perspective the person brings to the table .
The best preparation you can do is to read the job description and repeat it to yourself in your own words so that you can do this smoothly at the interview .
5 . Why are you interested this position ?
This is actually something of a trick question , because it 's just a way of re-asking the second question ( what you know about the company ) and the fourth ( what you know about the position ) .
It 's asked because it tells whether people give flippant answers to questions ( things like " because I 'm a people person " ) or whether they think about things and give a genuine question .
This is a good question to formulate an answer for in advance - basically , just come up with a few things that seem intriguing to you about the company and the position and reasons why they interest you .
6 . What aspect of this position makes you the most uncomfortable ?
Most people think this is some sort of filter , but it 's rarely used that way .
This is actually an honesty question .
No one on earth will like every aspect of every potential job - it 's just not in us .
Location ?
Working hours ?
People ?
The company 's too big ?
The company 's too small ?
Honesty really works here - I 'd prefer to hear a genuine reason for discomfort ( particularly one that comes from real observation of the company ) than a platitude that is n't really a discomfort at all .
A good way to answer is something like " I 've never worked in a company this large before " or " I 've heard some strange things about the corporate culture " or " The idea of working for a startup at such an early stage makes me nervous . "
7 . What was the biggest success you had at your last job ?
8 . What was the biggest failure you had at your last job ?
It 's usually good to pair these questions , but the important one is the biggest failure .
The best applicant is usually someone who will admit that they made a disaster out of something ( they 're fairly honest and willing to admit errors ) and that they learned from it , an incredibly important trait .
9 . Tell me about the best supervisor you 've ever had .
10 .
Tell me about the worst supervisor you 've ever had .
These two questions simply seek to figure out what kind of management style will work best for this person and also how that person is likely to manage people .
Let 's say I work in an organization with a very loose - knit management structure that requires a lot of self - starting .
If that 's the case , I want to either hear that the " best " boss was very hands - off or that the " worst " boss was a micromanager .
On the other hand , if I came from a strict hierarchical organization , I might want to see the exact opposite - a " best " boss that provided strong guidance and a good relationship or a " worst " boss that basically left the applicant to blow in the wind .
Your best approach is to answer this as honestly as possible - the interviewer will have a good idea of the corporate culture and , frankly , if you try to slip into a company where you do n't match the culture , you 'll have a very hard time fitting in and succeeding .
These questions might be worded as " what kind of management style works for you . "
Another tip : highlight positives in all of the bosses you discuss .
Never turn the interview into a bash - fest of anyone .
Your worst boss should have a very small number of specific flaws and they should mostly relate to diverging expectations from you , not in bad character traits .
Bashing someone during an interview just reflects poorly on you , so do n't jump for the bait .
11 . Tell me about the most difficult project you ever faced .
The interviewer could usually care less what the exact project is .
The question is mostly looking to see if you have faced serious difficulty and how you overcame it .
For most people , this is n't their biggest success or biggest failure , but something that they turned from a likely failure into some sort of success .
12 . What do you see as the important future trends in this area ?
This works well for some positions - technical ones and leadership ones - and not well for others .
It should be pretty obvious from the type of job you 're applying for whether this question might be asked .
If it is , it 's easy to prepare for - just spend a half an hour reading some blogs on the specific areas you 're applying for and you 'll have some food .
13 .
Have you done anything in the last year to learn new financial - wellness / things / improve yourself in relation to the requirements of this job ?
This is a great " deer in the headlights look " question , as most people simply do n't have an answer .
The best way to handle this question is simply to always spend some time working on your skills in whatever way you can .
Write open source code .
Participate in Toastmasters .
Take a class .
If you put effort into improving yourself every year , you 'll not only have a strong resume , but this question will be a non-issue .
14 . Tell me about your dream job .
Never say this job .
Never say another specific job .
Both answers are very bad - the first one sends the warning flags flying and the second one says that the person 's not really interested in sticking around .
Instead , stick to specific traits - name aspects of what would be your dream job .
Some of them should match what the company has available , but it 's actually best if they do n't all perfectly match .
15 .
Have you ever had a serious conflict in a previous employment ?
How was it resolved ?
This question mostly looks for honesty and for the realization that most conflicts have two sides to a story .
It also opens the door for people with poor character to start bashing their previous employer , something which leaves a bad taste in most interviewers ' mouths .
The best way to answer usually involves telling the story , but showing within it that there are two sides to that story and that you 've learned from the experience to try to see the other person 's perspective .
16 . What did you learn from your last position ?
Although it 's fine to list a technical skill or two here , particularly if your job is very technical , it 's very important to mention some non-technical things .
" I learned how to work in a team environment after mostly working in solo environments " is a good one , for example .
There should be no job where you learned nothing , and the interviewer is expecting that you learned at least a few things at your previous employment that will help at your current one .
17 .
Why did you leave your last position ?
Mostly , this is looking for conviction of character .
A strong , concrete answer of any reasonable sort is good here .
" I wanted to move on " is not a strong answer .
Downsizing is a good answer , as is a desire to seek specific new challenges ( but be specific on what challenges you want to face ) .
Minimize your actual discussion of your previous position here , as you 'll be very close to a big opportunity to start bashing your previous position .
18 . Tell me about a suggestion that you made that was implemented at a previous job .
Since these answers usually are heavily involved with the specifics of the previous position , the specifics are n't really important .
What 's most important is that you actually have been involved in making a suggestion and helping it come to fruition , ideally with some success story behind it .
Having done so indicates that you 're willing to do the same at this position , which can do nothing but improve an organization .
Not having an answer of some sort here is generally a sizeable negative , but not a " do or die " negative .
19 .
Have you ever been asked to leave a position ?
Tell me about the experience .
Obviously , it 's great if you can answer " no , " but it 's usually not a deal breaker if the answer is " yes . "
In fact , a " yes " answer can be turned into a positive - it's a great way to show that you 've made mistakes and learned valuable lessons from them .
Be honest here , no matter what , but do n't spend time bashing the people that let you go .
Only discuss them with respect , even if you 're angry about what happened .
20 .
Have you ever had to fire anyone ?
Tell me about the experience .
This is a question that is mostly looking to see if you have empathy for others .
Take it dead seriously when answering - it should not have been an easy choice or an easy experience , but one that you handled and survived .
Do not bash the person you fired , either - be as clinical as possible with the reasons .
21 . Are you applying for other jobs ?
This is an honesty question .
I 'm looking for " yes , " but people who are trying too hard to feed me a line of nonsense answer " no . "
The best way to answer is to say " Yes , in much the same way that you 're interviewing other people .
We 're both trying to find the best fit for what we need and what we want . "
If your answer is truly no , then say so - " No , I 'm actually happy with my current position , but there were a few compelling aspects of this job that made me want to follow up on it " and list those aspects .
22 . What do you feel this position should pay ?
Surprising to many , this is often not salary negotiation .
In most cases , the person you 're interviewing with has little control over the final salary you 'll get .
It 's usually used as a reality check - if you 're hiring a janitor and they expect $ 80 K , you can probably toss the resume right then and there .
At the same time , a highly - skilled programmer selling themselves at $ 30 K is also setting off some warning bells .
A good answer is usually on target or a bit on the high side , but not really low or insanely high .
I 'd get an idea of the asking rate for the position before I ever go to the interview , then request about 30 % more .
23 .
Where do you see yourself in your career in five years ?
This is something of a " junk " question , but it is useful in some regards as it filters for people with initiative .
A person who answers something along the lines of " I 'm going to be successful in this position that I 'm interviewing for ! " is either not incredibly motivated to improve themselves or is n't being totally honest .
I 'd rather have an answer that involves either promotion or some level of enterpreneurship - strong organizations thrive on self - starters .
The only problem for potential interviewees is that some companies - weak ones , usually - do n't want self - starters and are particularly afraid of people who dream of becoming entrepreneurs .
Talking about promotion is thus usually the safest bet if you 're not familiar with the culture , but I personally love it when people interviewing talk about entrepreneurship - that means they 're the type that will be intense about succeeding .
24 .
What are your long - term goals - say , fifteen years down the road ?
This is a great late question because it tells you whether the person is a long - term thinker or not .
People that plan for the long term are usually in a good , mature mental state and will often wind up being stronger workers than people without long - term plans .
25 .
Do you have any questions about this job ?
Yes , you do have questions about this job .
Not having questions is a sign that you are n't really that interested in the position .
Thus , your job as an interviewee is to have a few questions already in mind when you walk in the door .
Most interviewers are happy to answer most anything you ask them - just make sure your questions are intelligent ones , though .
Do Your Homework !
Here are the things you should do in advance of any interview that will help you handle almost all of the questions above .
Work on a very brief description of yourself that you can bust out at any interview .
The big trick is to mention things that are unusual or even unique to you , but stick to the things that are either positive or ( at worst ) neutral - keep the negatives to yourself unless they 're tied to a big positive .
A thirty second spiel will do .
Research the company by visiting their web site and finding out exactly what they do .
Good things to read include the company 's most recent annual report and their Wikipedia entry ( if they 're big ) or just by Googling the company 's name and location ( if they 're small ) .
If it 's a startup , just try to absorb as much as you can from whatever sources you can get , but if it 's truly a tiny startup , do n't sweat it if you can't find much information .
Research the position by reading the job posting very carefully and looking up any pieces that you do n't know .
You might also want to refresh yourself on what 's cutting edge in the areas covered by the job posting by reading up a bit if you 're not already familiar - blogs and news sites are a good place to start .
You should also get a good grip on the regular starting salary for this type of job by searching around for similar jobs near your location .
Know how you match the position by taking the pieces of the company information you found and the job posting and matching them to your skills .
Do about five of these , as these are going to be silver bullets during the interview .
Also , identify at least one thing that makes you uncomfortable about the company and position and think about why it makes you uncomfortable .
Always work to improve your skills by participating in activities that sharpen the key skills you need for the field you 're in .
Are you in public relations ?
Join a Toastmasters group .
Are you an administrative assistant ?
Do volunteer work for an organization that could use your skills but does things in a different way ( the same goes for many tradespeople ) .
Are you a programmer ?
Contribute to an open source project .
Have a few questions about the position in mind when you walk in the door .
This creates a strong impression during the interview that you are actually interested in that specific position , which is a big positive for you .
Questions of all kinds are good here , but the best ones usually address corporate culture and technical specifics of the job .
Do not bash your previous job .
If there are specific things about your last job that really , really irritate you , spend some time trying to think of positives about it .
Know when you go in that your previous job will likely be discussed at least to a degree , and be prepared to discuss it without being negative .
Look for positives , and also be able to state the reasons for leaving as clinically as possible .
Be honest , above all else .
If you make up things at your interview and you slip at all , the interviewer will toss your application in the trash .
Instead , just try to focus on the positives of what you already have .
If you 've made it to the interview , there 's something the organization likes about you .
Do n't waste time inventing stuff to say .
