CNN hosts shocked when Republican guest picks Ron Paul RAW STORY
Published : Friday August 24 , 2007
Print This Email This Rick Sanchez and Kiran Chetry appear not to expect the answer they got from a Republican college student on a special " College Week " edition of CNN 's American Morning .
Laura Elizabeth Morales , a Republican and a junior at the University of Texas appears with Rachel Moore , Democrat and a senior at Lebanon Valley College in Pennsylvania .
On being asked who she thinks the GOP candidate will be for the 2008 Presidential election , Morales puts her support behind Texas Congressman Ron Paul .
" I really think he's a sound traditional conservative , " says Morales .
" I really think he really sticks to the Constitution , and really stands for what conservatives believe in . "
A surprised Sanchez asks : " What are you trying to say ? "
Chetry follows up to ask if there is any , as she puts it , ' top tier ' GOP candidate that Morales would support because , she says , " if I was a betting woman I 'd say Ron Paul does n't have a chance , unfortunately for you . "
Chetry asks if there is a " lack of enthusiasm " over the ' top tier ' GOP candidate .
" Having been the idealistic betting candidate , " says Morales , " I 'd say Ron Paul 's got the chance .
Idealistically .
As far as the ' top tier ' candidates , I do n't really think they stand for what traditional conservatives believe in .
You 've got Giuliani out there , who 's really an anti-gun Republican who 's going to lose a strong base , especially here in the South .
And then Mitt Romney kind of flip - flops on his issues .
John McCain , I think , is pretty much just ' out , ' but we really need a strong , solid conservative ... "
Democrat Rachel Moore weighs in for her side : " It does n't really matter who gets the ticket because anybody could be a better president than President Bush at this point , and let 's focus on just a Democrat winning in 2008 , and put aside everything pre-primary politics . "
" That 's not the question , " interjects Sanchez .
" If you had to pick somebody , who would you pick ? "
" I 'd pick a Democrat , " responds Moore , to the hosts ' amazement .
" Let 's face it ... "
" You 're going to make a great senator one day , " quips Sanchez .
" All of the College Democrats , " says Moore , " we 're so behind just winning a Democrat in 2008 .
If you look at all the Republican candidates -- the Democrats are such a diverse group , and all the Republican candidates -- every one of them , they 've said they 'd commute Scooter Libby , they said they would stay in Iraq and turn it into the next Korea ... "
Sanchz follows up : " If it was Porky Pig , would you vote for him just because he 's a Democrat ? "
" Now , that 's taking it a little far , " says Moore .
Sanchez : " So you do consider who the person is , right ? "
" I did n't say that , sir , " says Moore .
" It 's time for a Democrat to win .
Let 's focus on that first . "
Moving on to the " most important issue , " Morales brings up Social Security , saying that her generation stands to be robbed of funds currently being put into the government , and that the issue needs to be at the forefront of the 2008 election .
Moore says she stands with the Democrats on the environment , student aid , and universal health care , " among other things . "
" We really can't be pegged to one issue at this point .
We 're so educated and ready to go . "
" You can't nail her down this morning , " says Chetry of Moore , citing " interesting perspectives " from the guests .
The following video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on August 24 .
Nanotube - producing Bacteria Show Manufacturing Promise Nanotubes may have high - tech applications , study involving UCR engineers reports
NEWS MEDIA CONTACT
Enlarge Genus Shewanella .
The nanotube filaments produced by biological means could point toward semiconductor manufacturing processes with a smaller energy and environmental footprint .
Image credit : Hor -Gil Hur , GIST
RIVERSIDE , Calif . —
Two engineers at the University of California , Riverside are part of a binational team that has found semiconducting nanotubes produced by living bacteria — a discovery that could help in the creation of a new generation of nanoelectronic devices .
The research team believes this is the first time nanotubes have been shown to be produced by biological rather than chemical means .
It opens the door to the possibility of cheaper and more environmentally friendly manufacture of electronic materials .
Study results appear in today ’s issue of the early edition of the The team , including Nosang V. Myung , associate professor of chemical and environmental engineering in the Bourns College of Engineering , and his postdoctoral researcher Bongyoung Yoo , found the bacteriumfacilitates the formation of arsenic - sulfide nanotubes that have unique physical and chemical properties not produced by chemical agents .
“ We have shown that a jar with a bug in it can create potentially useful nanostructures , ” Myung said .
“ Nanotubes are of particular interest in materials science because the useful properties of a substance can be finely tuned according to the diameter and the thickness of the tubes .
” The whole realm of electronic devices which power our world , from computers to solar cells , today depend on chemical manufacturing processes which use tremendous energy , and leave behind toxic metals and chemicals .
Myung said a growing movement in science and engineering is looking for ways to produce semiconductors in more ecologically friendly ways .
Two members of the research team , Hor-Gil Hur and Ji-Hoon Lee from Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology ( GIST ) , Korea , first discovered something unexpected happening when they attempted to remediate arsenic contamination using the metal - reducing bacterium .
Myung , who specializes in electro - chemical material synthesis and device fabrication , was able to characterize the resulting nano - material .
The photoactive arsenic - sulfide nanotubes produced by the bacteria behave as metals with electrical and photoconductive properties .
The researchers report that these properties may also provide novel functionality for the next generation of semiconductors in nano - and opto-electronic devices .
In a process that is not yet fully understood , thebacterium secretes polysacarides that seem to produce the template for the arsenic sulfide nanotubes , Myung explained .
The practical significance of this technique would be much greater if a bacterial species were identified that could produce nanotubes of cadmium sulfide or other superior semiconductor materials , he added .
“ This is just a first step that points the way to future investigation , ” he said .
“ Each species ofmight have individual implications for manufacturing properties . ” Myung , Yoo , Hur and Lee were joined in the research by Min-Gyu Kim , Pohang Accelerator Laboratory , Pohang , Korea ; Jongsun Maeng and Takhee Lee , GIST ; Alice C. Dohnalkova and James K. Fredrickson , Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , Richland , Wash . ; and Michael J. Sadowsky , University of Minnesota .
The Center for Nanoscale Innovation for Defense provided funding for Myung ’s contribution to the study .
The University of California , Riverside ( www.ucr.edu) is a doctoral research university , a living laboratory for groundbreaking exploration of issues critical to Inland Southern California , the state and communities around the world .
Reflecting California 's diverse culture , UCR 's enrollment has exceeded 21,000 students .
The campus opened a medical school in 2013 and has reached the heart of the Coachella Valley by way of the UCR Palm Desert Center .
The campus has an annual statewide economic impact of more than $ 1 billion .
A broadcast studio with fiber cable to the AT&T Hollywood hub is available for live or taped interviews .
UCR also has ISDN for radio interviews .
To learn more , call ( 951 ) UCR - NEWS .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. citizens will not have to drive less or read in the dark to slash greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 , but they will have to buy more efficient cars and appliances , a report from two business groups said on Thursday .
Traffic crawls towards Manhattan in a file photo .
U.S. citizens will not have to drive less or read in the dark to slash greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 , but they will have to buy more efficient cars and appliances , a report from two business groups said on Thursday .
REUTERS / Seth Wenig
“ You may have different lightbulbs , and your car may be made of different materials , but basically we ’ve assumed that consumer lifestyles stay constant , ” Jack Stephenson , a director at McKinsey & Company , a business consultant group told reporters on a teleconference call from Washington .
McKinsey published the report called “ Reducing U.S. Greenhouse Emissions : How Much at What Cost ? ” with The Conference Board , a research group .
The United States could reduce projected 2030 emissions of greenhouse gases by between one - third to one - half at manageable costs to the economy , the report found .
Its mid-range case found that cutting 3 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent from the United States by 2030 would cost an average about $ 50 billion annually , or a total of $ 1.1 trillion .
That would represent 1.5 percent of the $ 77 trillion in real investment the U.S. economy is expected to make over the period , it said .
The effect on the economy of cutting greenhouse gas emissions is being mulled in the U.S. Congress where a Senate committee is considering the top bill that would regulate the gases blamed for global warming .
About 80 percent of the reductions could be made using technologies already proven in the United States or elsewhere in the world , the report said .
POWER SECTOR TO BEAR BRUNT OF COSTS
The cheapest way to cut emissions would be making appliances and buildings more energy efficient , through methods like better heating and air - conditioning and more insulation , which could save 710 to 870 million metric tons of the gases .
The next cheapest way could come from more efficient cars and from biofuels , the report said , which could cut emissions by 340 to 660 million metric tons .
The priciest sector to change would be power plants through technologies such as capturing and entombing carbon dioxide from coal - fired power stations , which could save 800 million to 1.57 billon metric tons of emissions .
“ We recognize that the costs will be distributed unevenly , ” Ken Ostrowski , a McKinsey director , said in the teleconference .
He said the power sector may need to make investments representing about 90 percent of its current market capitalization .
The costs , however , could eventually be offset by harnessing fuels that are low - cost or free after initial investments , such as wind and solar power .
The report did not consider how any increased power rates resulting from the changes could be balanced so they would not hit poor consumers unfairly .
Policy support and private sector innovation would be necessary to jump - start the changes , it warned .
“ The winners will be the folks that do n’t resist change , but look at ways to apply innovation and ingenuity to capitalize on the migration toward a lower carbon economy , ” Ostrowski said .
History of Nature
1860s
The first issue of Nature was published on 4 November 1869 .
Many earlier publishing adventures in science had failed dismally , but Nature ’s eventual success grew out of the social and scientific conditions under which it was founded — driven by the vision of strong personalities , who forged ahead when the odds seemed against them .
Nature , above all , has been a survivor .
This it owes to Alexander Macmillan , who tolerated a loss - making venture for three decades ; to Norman Lockyer , the first editor ; and to a string of influential collaborators and contributors , including biologist Thomas Henry Huxley — one of the heavyweights of Victorian science and a staunch ally of Charles Darwin ( he was known as ‘ Darwin ’s bulldog ’ ) .
Brothers Alexander and Daniel Macmillan founded their bookshop and publishing house in Cambridge , UK , in 1843 .
After Daniel ’s death in 1857 , Alexander opened a London branch at 23 Henrietta Street , Covent Garden .
Macmillan ’s headquarters were in Cambridge until 1863 , when they moved to 16 Bedford Street in London .
The academic standing of the Macmillans in Cambridge ( their shop was at the heart of the university city ) later helped Alexander to establish contacts with eminent men of science in London .
He would host ‘ tobacco parliaments ’ , at which science , art and hot topics of the day , such as Darwinism , would be discussed .
This “ talk , tobacco and tipple on Thursdays ” group , as he described it , fostered friendships among the great scientific educators of the Victorian era , including Huxley and the physicist John Tyndall , who were eager to write for Macmillan .
In 1859 , Alexander launched Macmillan ’s Magazine , the first shilling monthly in England , aiming to unify science , literature and the arts under one banner , with David Masson as the editor .
Huxley ’s article ‘ Time & Life ’ was published in the second issue .
Lockyer ( pictured ) was born in Rugby in Warwickshire on 17 May 1836 .
A clerk in the UK government ’s War Office , he was a keen and talented young amateur astronomer — he was later to co-discover the element helium in the corona of the Sun , using a spectroscope .
Lockyer frequently shared a train carriage to London with publisher John Ludlow and author Thomas Hughes , both friends of Macmillan , and they asked him to be the science editor of their proposed weekly , The Reader , which was to cover the arts , literature and science .
The Reader , launched in 1863 , was in many ways an early forerunner to Nature — 38 people who supplied reviews to The Reader later contributed to Nature .
Unfortunately for Lockyer , the paper was commercially disorganized and its poor financial performance meant that — like many publications in the Victorian era — it lasted for only a few years .
Image source : Life and Work of Sir Norman Lockyer by T. Mary Lockyer and Winifred L. Lockyer ( Macmillan , 1928 ) .
The exact time and place of Macmillan and Lockyer ’s first meeting is not known , but the twin topics of science and publishing would have dominated their early conversations .
With their shared interests and friends ( including poet laureate Alfred Lord Tennyson ) , they soon became friends themselves , travelling to France together in 1867 after Lockyer ’s second nervous breakdown ( he had three , the first in 1864 ) .
Macmillan commissioned Lockyer to write a book about astronomy .
Then , in 1868 , he asked Lockyer to act as scientific adviser to his publishing house .
This was lucky for Lockyer , because — despite his best efforts —
The Reader had proved editorially and financially troublesome , and his career path at the War Office was uncertain .
Lockyer approached Macmillan in early 1869 with plans for a new scientific journal .
Lockyer ’s early career was at its zenith : he had co-discovered helium in 1868 , which earned him election to the Royal Society the following year .
Macmillan and Lockyer ’s relationship was mutually beneficial : scientific publishing was prominent in Macmillan ’s long - term publishing strategy and , if he were to undertake the risky venture of a new scientific journal , Lockyer was the man to take the helm .
As botanist Joseph Hooker pointed out , the record of eminent men of science in publishing was “ dismal ” .
However , Lockyer ’s organizational and editorial skills on The Reader had attracted praise — for example , Hughes wrote to Huxley : “ Lockyer ... knows the machinery ... has the science already in the right grooves , and is not above taking advice . ”
Competition loomed from the new science weeklies Popular Science Review and Scientific Opinion .
It ’s not clear who proposed the title Nature , but a letter in July 1869 from Huxley to Lockyer reveals that Macmillan made the final decision : “ Macmillan told me yesterday that he had nailed his colours to the mast — and was going in for ‘ Nature ’ , pure and simple .
I am inclined to think it is the best plan on the whole . ”
In a letter to Lockyer , the mathematician James Joseph Sylvester enthused wildly on the potential : “ What a glorious title , Nature — a veritable stroke of genius to have hit upon .
It is more than Cosmos , more than Universe .
It includes the seen as well as the unseen , the possible as well as the actual .
Nature and Nature ’s God , mind and matter .
I am lost in admiration of the effulgent blaze of ideas it calls forth . ”
Early issues of Nature ( pictured ) included what today would be called a mission statement .
“ First , to place before the general public the grand results of scientific work and scientific discovery , and to urge the claims of science to a more general recognition in education and in daily life ; and secondly , to aid scientific men themselves , by giving early information of all advances made in any branch of natural knowledge throughout the world . ”
The journal carries essentially the same message to this day .
These bold assertions were not unique to Nature ; the prospectuses of both Scientific Opinion and The Reader made similar rallying cries for men of science and lay people to have at their disposal a specialized organ for communicating science to scientists and the masses .
You can access the first issue of Nature here .
1870s
“ I am very anxious about Nature .
I cannot help feeling that a very little more of something would make it a success . ”
Macmillan ’s 1871 letter to Lockyer reveals that , although Lockyer boasted of 5,000 subscribers and 15,000 readers in 1870 ( a circulation in reality not attained even by the end of the century ) , the future of the fledgling Nature was by no means secure .
Macmillan gave it a competitive cover price — at fourpence , it was less than the sixpence charged by most weeklies .
Science historian Roy Macleod has estimated that the four pages per issue given over to advertisements in 1869 – 70 would have accounted for only half the annual costs of producing the magazine , and that there were in fact probably fewer than 200 subscribers in Nature ’s first year .
At least the potential rival weekly Scientific Opinion had ceased publication in 1870 , but Nature was not yet established as a preferred place of scientific communication .
Lockyer wrote 66 editorials from 1869 to 1919 ; others were composed by subeditors working with a band of more than 100 contributors .
Besides scientific articles on topics such as the HMS Challenger oceanic exploration mission , transits of Venus and eclipse expeditions , Nature campaigned hard on issues such as research endowments , scientific reform , the rise of German science and teaching in schools as the education acts laboured through the British government .
By 1878 , Lockyer seemed to be satisfied that , through Nature , awareness of the right questions was on the rise as a result of the growing space given to such matters by the daily press : “ Questions concerning scientific discovery , research and teaching , have now a much more direct interest to the public than they formerly possessed . ”
The 1870s were a decade of scientific advances , and the pages of Nature celebrated many of the most important , such as the inventions of the typewriter and bathometer , and included notes on the telephone , duplex telegraphy and the application of electricity to lighting .
But early Nature also had a less technical readership , as evidenced by correspondence featuring readers ’ observations on “ ingenuity in a pigeon ” and “ a carnivorous goose ” , as well as discussion of simple and amusing experiments .
Nature ’s contributors were usually eminent men of science , often from the upper echelons of Victorian society , but this did not preclude private squabbles from becoming public — indeed , Lockyer seems to have encouraged controversy in the pages of Nature .
The year 1873 saw perhaps the most acrimonious exchange , between physicists Peter Guthrie Tait and John Tyndall .
Tait ’s critique of Tyndall ’s pamphlet Principal Forbes and his Biographers led to bitter rivalries in the correspondence columns ; these resurfaced with a review of Tyndall ’s book The Forms of Water in Clouds and Rivers , Ice , and Glaciers , and spilled over into other journals , newspapers and pamphlets .
It was a damaging affair , and Lockyer was privately chastised .
Writing to T. H. Huxley , Tyndall bemoaned that : “ My notions regarding him [ Lockyer ] have been too undisguised . ”
Writing about a different dispute , Joseph Hooker stated that : “ My suspicions are strong against Lockyer , of whom I have heard much that I do not like . ”
Nature ’s early international flavour might well have influenced a host of foreign rivals that appeared in the 1870s and bore the same name .
In France , La Nature ( pictured ) was first published in 1873 .
Then came the Norwegian Naturen in 1877 , also the year in which the Italian La Natura was launched — this even echoed the banner of its English counterpart with “ Giornale Illustrato di Cognizioni ” ( ‘ illustrated newspaper of cognitions ’ ) .
There was a Belgian Natura printed in Ghent from 1883 to 1885 , and the Dutch geillustreerd maandschrift ( ‘ illustrated monthly book ’ )
Die Natur was published from 1881 to 1894 .
Beyond Europe , the Mexican La Naturaleza started a second edition in 1887 .
Throughout his life , Lockyer experienced nervous exhaustion and bouts of depression .
In March 1877 , he had his third breakdown , probably due to the pressures of his professional commitments and exacerbated by caring for his ill wife and son .
Lockyer ’s physician recommended to a Macmillan employee that he should spend some time abroad to recuperate .
Alexander Macmillan obliged with a cheque and a note that : “ The firm desires your acceptance of it with the love of all the members . ”
Again , we see Macmillan ’s affection and solicitude in taking great care of his editor .
Lockyer recovered , but his son Frank died in 1878 , and Lockyer ’s wife , Winifred , died the next year , leaving Lockyer to care for their seven remaining children .
The journal had been making a loss since the first issue , but only after almost ten years did Alexander Macmillan raise the price from fourpence to sixpence , expanding it to 28 pages .
Lockyer opened “ what is practically a New Series of Nature ” with a bold editorial : “ it is because Nature has become more and more widely recognised as the organ of science all the world over that at last we are compelled to enlarge it in order to find space for the stream of communications that week after week come pouring in upon us from all parts . ”
Picture shows Macmillan ’s letter to Lockyer in 1869 , detailing 24 pages at fourpence per issue as “ quite high enough [ a ] price ” .
1880s
Nature editorials in the 1880s expanded on the strongly political topics of the 1870s and were directed to the politicians of the day with increasing conviction .
The 1880 Elementary Education
Act made school attendance compulsory for all children in England and Wales up to the age of ten .
A few months before it passed , Nature appealed to William Harcourt — who would become British home secretary that year — to make the teaching of science a priority in schools :
“ Those who have the true welfare of our country at heart will use every means to get education in science introduced into all our schools and colleges ... so that in future years rulers and people will be guided ... by the principles of scientific statesmanship . ”
Other editorials urged a scientific approach to management of the state .
The short letter of 28 October 1880 by Henry Faulds entitled ‘ On the Skin- furrows of the Hand ’ was perhaps one of the earliest significant and original contributions to science published in Nature : “ When bloody finger - marks or impressions on clay , glass &c. , exist , they may lead to the scientific identification of criminals . ”
Fingerprint patterns ( pictured ) were described scientifically in 1823 , but Faulds was the first to detail how “ skin- furrows ” could be used in identification , ethnography , studies of heredity and medical–legal investigations — essentially sketching out the basis of what was to become forensic science .
Just a month later , William Hershel ( grandson of the discoverer of Uranus ) published a letter in Nature claiming previous use of the identification technique in India : “ I have been taking sign - manuals by means of finger - marks for now more than twenty years . ”
Argument raged between the two , with statistician Francis Galton weighing in , but Faulds ’s letter clearly documents the advantages of having “ a nature - copy of the for - ever - unchangeable finger - furrows of important criminals ” .
The 1880s were a time of career milestones for Lockyer .
In the late 1870s , he had been appointed head of the Solar Physics Observatory in South Kensington , London , a post that awarded him £ 500 in research expenses .
Following this , in 1881 , Lockyer was made a lecturer at the nearby Normal School of Science ( later to become the Royal College of Science , and then part of Imperial College ) and awarded a salary of £ 750 per year .
He was made professor of astronomical physics in 1887 .
Friendships bloomed with notable figures from outside science , including Alfred Lord Tennyson .
Tennyson , who was particularly interested in astronomy , later wrote a note to Lockyer : “ In my anthropological spectrum , you are coloured like a first rate star of science . ”
In 1910 , Lockyer wrote a book called Tennyson as a Student and Poet of Nature .
Early Nature carried a strong international flavour and covered science from around the globe .
Following the cataclysmic eruption of the volcano Krakatau ( pictured ) in what is now Indonesia on 26 – 27 August 1883 , Nature appealed to its worldwide audience to send observations that would be forwarded to the Royal Society Krakatoa Committee .
For most of the nineteenth century , there was very little in the way of a career structure in science in Britain .
There were few universities , and therefore few professional posts to fill , and scholars concentrated on classic subjects , such as ancient Greek , rather than science .
But by the late 1880s , enough had changed for Nature to proclaim that the scientific movement had at last been truly born , thanks to the part played by great scientific educators of the day such as John Tyndall ( pictured ) .
An editorial celebrating his achievements declared of the English people : “ It has been no easy task to convince them that a new era — that of science — was dawning ... that our industrial position can only be maintained if armies of well - equipped followers are ready to seize the ground which the leaders win . ”
1890s
In the 1890s , Nature saw many events that consolidated its position as an increasingly successful scientific publication .
At last , it was breaking into profit .
The journal pressed on with its editorial campaigns on education , following with utmost scrutiny the implementation of the British Technical Instruction Act and supporting a single University of London on the grounds that “ a duplication of Universities in London would be a misfortune of the first magnitude , dividing resources and diverting energies into channels that would lead to many undesirable results ” .
Overall , the 1890s were to be celebrated : the journal had survived for 25 years and attracted high - quality submissions .
These included work that foreshadowed the discovery of the electron and powered flight , and a four - page exclusive on X - rays .
Lockyer ’s influence grew and , although he lost favour with some scientists , a former laboratory assistant — and future editor — joined the team .
An article in the Nature issue of 23 July 1891 , entitled ‘ Experimental Researches on Mechanical Flight ’ , was supplied by US physicist Samuel P. Langley , based on an address he had given to the Paris Academy of Sciences earlier that month .
More than ten years before the brothers Orville and Wilbur Wright made their famous flight — the first controlled , sustained flight in a powered , heavier - than - air craft — the author modestly provided experimental proof that wings or blades could generate sufficient lift by altering the angle of inclined planes over streams of air .
Image shows an early aeroplane , courtesy of NASA .
In 1889 , the Technical Instruction Act had come into force , setting out how science should be taught in schools .
Nature kept a close eye on its implementation , lamenting in an editorial in February 1890 that — “ great advance as it was on its predecessors — [ it ] fell a victim to the fears of one party and the lukewarmness of another ” .
Nature continued to address the politics of education : in the same article , it mocked the “ so - called ‘ educationists ’ ( a newly introduced word with an ominous ring to it ) ” for not tackling the core issue of how the few precious years of education should best be utilized .
But an editorial in April 1890 gave praise to attempts to “ link the instruction of the school to the life in the home ” , and another on the education fees debate set out the journal ’s stall in June 1891 : “ We want a free road kept open to the University . ”
Richard Arman Gregory ( pictured ) joined Nature in 1893 as an assistant editor , after a brief stint as Lockyer ’s assistant at his South Kensington laboratory .
The early 1890s were the only time when Gregory was an active researcher : his work was mainly routine , measuring the positions and spectra of sunspots and solar prominences , and he does not appear as co-author on any published papers of original research during his time at South Kensington .
Nevertheless , Gregory was a skilled astronomer and teacher , and he resigned from the laboratory in 1893 to pursue work as a journalist and lecturer ; he had already taken the post of extension lecturer at the University of Oxford , which he occupied from 1890 to 1895 .
Lockyer saw in Gregory a man of sharp intellect , and duly recommended to Alexander Macmillan his appointment as assistant editor .
Gregory later became an editor for Macmillan ’s science books , and oversaw the publication of more than 200 titles until his retirement in 1938 .
In November 1894 , Nature celebrated its 25th anniversary with a splendid dinner at the Savoy Hotel in London , attended by George Macmillan , son of Alexander , and Frederick and Maurice Macmillan , sons of Daniel Macmillan .
T. H. Huxley led the toasts : “ Better to be an architect building a house under the dual control of a husband and wife ... than an editor . ”
Huxley also contributed to the anniversary issue , including a hint of self - mockery at his own choice of opening article in the very first issue , a translation of the rhapsody ‘ Die Natur ’ by Goethe , which he doubted would have been understood by “ more than half - a - dozen of the readers ” .
Archive sources reveal how , more than 25 years after its first issue , Nature was beginning to command a position as the preferred place for researchers to reveal their findings .
William Crookes , an English physicist and chemist who had discovered the element thallium in 1861 , sent an account of the spectrum of helium to Lockyer in 1895 , soon after Scottish chemist William Ramsey had isolated the gas terrestrially ( 27 years after Lockyer had detected it in the Sun ’s corona ) .
Crookes ’s letter reveals how Nature had a higher standing than its weekly competitor Chemical News , which Crookes had founded in 1859 : “ It will appear in the Chemical News on Friday , but my circulation is not to the same class of researchers as that of ‘ Nature ’ , and having taken a great deal of trouble about it I want the results to get to the right people . ”
Nature was at last attracting serious scientific papers .
On 23 January 1896 , the journal carried the first description of X - rays in English , in two lavish articles spread over four pages , including three photographs .
The first article was written by the rays ’ discoverer , Wilhelm Röntgen .
The second is an early forerunner of today ’s News & Views section — a brief commentary by a different author on the same subject , to add context to the discovery .
At the close of the nineteenth century — three decades after the journal ’s launch — Macmillan ’s ledgers finally showed that Nature was no longer making a loss .
George Craik , Macmillan ’s ‘ chancellor of the exchequer ’ , wrote to Lockyer : “ I am glad that your diligence and tenacity has been at last rewarded by money besides all the honour that Nature has brought you .
We have waited many years . ”
The last line is particularly poignant , because Alexander Macmillan , the man who had founded and stood by the journal , had retired in the early 1890s ; it is to him that Nature owes its position today .
Lockyer — who was knighted in 1897 — made the magazine a success in scientific terms , but without the patience and deep pockets of the publisher , Nature would not exist .
1900s
The editorial ‘ The New Century ’ heralds an era in which electricity and the “ space - annihilating power ” of mechanics have made Earth a “ tiny satellite ” , whereby an idea can be spread “ as soon as it has emerged from the brain of the Thinker ” .
Indeed , true powered flight and the basis for television would arrive during this decade .
However , there was little in the way of real celebration in the new century ’s editorials .
Britain ’s global power and influence were in decline , and its industrial power was waning by comparison with that of Germany and the United States .
More resources for education , closer ties between science and industry , and the application of the scientific method to government were consistent themes of Nature ’s prescribed medicine for the ills of the British Empire : “ The attempts to put our house in order will be made on scientific lines . ”
Lockyer resigned from the Royal College of Science in 1902 , remarried in 1903 and was elected president of the British Association for the Advancement of Science the same year .
In his inaugural address to the association , he pointed out that the Royal Navy had received £ 21.5 million for a five - year building programme in 1888 .
By contrast , British universities received £ 156,000 per year between them in the early 1900s — a paltry amount when compared with , for example , the equivalent of £ 169,000 allocated to the University of Berlin alone by the German government a decade earlier .
Lockyer ’s address , widely commented upon and quoted in speeches and in the press , was published as a pamphlet by Macmillan , titled On the Influence of Brain - Power on History .
An editorial on similar lines in Nature noted : “ It may be long in this slow - moving country before the influence of Brain - power on history is recognised as fully as the influence of Sea- power ... but undoubtedly it will be bad for our future if much more time is lost . ”
Chemists William Ramsay ( pictured ) and Frederick Soddy reported in the 13 August 1903 issue of Nature that helium gas is produced by the radioactive decay of radium .
Working at University College London , they had unknowingly discovered the spontaneous transmutation of elements , but candidly offered no explanation for the effect : “ The spectrum [ of helium ] was apparently a new one , probably that of the emanation , but this has not yet been completely examined , and we hope to publish further details shortly . ”
The spectrum was that of a previously unrecognized isotope of helium , but it would be another ten years before Soddy coined the term ‘ isotope ’ in the pages of Nature .
He would go on to win the 1921 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on radioactive elements and isotopes .
Following enthusiastic reviews of scientific lectures for women in previous decades , Nature continued with its then forward - looking attitude towards the role of women in science in a book review in 1904 .
Eleanor Anne Ormerod was an entomologist who applied her skills to agriculture and helped to found the field of economic entomology .
The review of her biography throws much praise on her abilities , comparing her to pioneering astronomer Caroline Herschel and mathematician Mary Somerville , and hints that her work might have influenced London ’s Linnean Society to open its doors to women — papers submitted by women were previously read to a male - only audience .
Sadly , much as Ormerod ’s achievements are lauded , the same cannot be said for the book , which Nature summarizes as “ one the most glaring instances we have ever seen ( and we have seen sufficiently bad ones before ) of how not to edit a biography ” .
By 1905 , Nature had espoused the importance of science education and lobbied for the application of the scientific method to government for decades .
The British Science Guild was launched to formalize such activities , and Lockyer was a principal instigator .
The 12 October 1905 issue of Nature carried news of the first meeting of the guild , which would push for “ making the scientific spirit a national characteristic which shall inspire progress and determine the policy in affairs of all kinds ” .
The organization was associated with no political party and its membership was open to men and women .
Lockyer took the position of chair of the committees , because many members were Nature contributors and many others were close friends , including Joseph Hooker , geologist Archibald Geikie , Alfred Lord Tennyson and zoologist Ray Lankester .
Lockyer ’s wife , Mary , was honorary assistant treasurer .
The development of the telegraph in the previous century had been a revelation .
Now , the race was on to transmit images .
Alexander Graham Bell ’s photophone and Shelford Bidwell ’s ‘ Tele - photography ’ had demonstrated that the transmission of live images was possible , but an article by Bidwell published on 4 June 1908 emphasized the “ wildly impracticable ” problems of synchronizing 160,000 mechanical operations per second to transmit an image just two inches square .
Within two weeks , a reply from Scottish electrical engineer Alan Archibald Campbell - Swinton sketched out the solution with unnerving accuracy : “ The problem of obtaining distant electric vision can probably be solved by employment of two beams of kathode rays ( one at the transmitting and one at the receiving station ) ” ( see image ) .
The letter goes on to detail how electromagnets would direct the beam over a wide surface , and even that “ a sufficiently sensitive fluorescent screen ” would be needed to “ obtain the desired result ” .
By the end of the 1900s , the structure of the magazine still had not significantly changed since the first issue in 1869 .
The tendency in the 1880s for leading articles to consist of book reviews , and non- or semi-scientific ones at that , continued into the new century , and the Our Book Shelf section seemed to grow , often at the expense of the scientific correspondence of the Letters section .
The end of the journal was little changed — Articles , Notes , Our Astronomical Column , Societies and Academies were all still present — save for the addition of a column , University and Educational Intelligence , detailing appointments at learned institutions .
The Diary section common in the 1870s made a comeback as Diary of Societies ; as before , it listed lectures and talks worthy of attendance .
1910s
The 1910s were a decade of change and upheaval for much of the world and , with its broad international reach and perspective , the journal , too , endured difficult years .
The First World War changed the social , political and scientific landscape of Europe .
As countries and economies adapted to war , the flow of submissions from around the globe inevitably slowed , and Nature ’s subscriptions fell for the first time .
The journal was also faced with the challenge of adapting to the new prevailing perception of Germany as an enemy .
Previously , the country ’s achievements in science , particularly chemistry , had been hailed as models of successful modern organization .
After the war , the journal had to acknowledge science ’s role in the bloodshed , a task for Richard Gregory who , having been editor in all but name for years , officially took over the editorship the day after Nature ’s 50th anniversary , in 1919 .
The outbreak of war , in 1914 , brought an about - turn in the sentiment of Nature editorials towards all things Teutonic .
German science , and particularly its model marriage with industry , had once been applauded , but in ‘ The War – and after ’ in September 1914 , Nature declared melodramatically : “ We are back in the days of the Huns . ”
The rhetoric gathered pace in William Ramsay ’s 8 October editorial , which accused the Germans of wanting “ world supremacy for their race ” and , in terms of science , of the “ exploitation of the inventions and discoveries of others ” , suggesting that Germans brought a spirit of unfairness and untrustworthiness .
Ramsay even accused the German army of barbarism .
In a strange nod to happier times , he then called for English scientists to keep the degrees and awards conferred on them by the “ older race of German men of science ” , in opposition to the German practice of returning such distinctions .
On 22 April 1915 , the German Army used a lethal asphyxiating gas for the first time at the second battle of Ypres , on the Western Front .
Amid the public outrage , there was considerable doubt as to the exact gas used .
One Sunday newspaper surmised that it was carbon monoxide but , in an article just one week after the attack , Nature doubted that this gas would be effective , being lighter than air .
A combination of scientific detective work and eyewitness reports led Nature to name chlorine , correctly , as a possible agent — the other it suggested was sulfur dioxide .
The article asked two key questions : “ how sufficient quantities were produced ” and how such an agent could be managed so that it “ should have no deleterious effects on those using it ” .
The alliance of science and industry in Germany was the answer to the first question .
The second had no easy answer , as thousands of casualties on both sides later found .
Content on industry and social issues increased fivefold between 1915 and 1919 .
Even before the war had finished , the issue of reconstruction was being touched on .
A book review on 7 November 1918 , for example , opened with : “ ‘ Reconstruction ’ , like Mesopotamia , is a blessed word . ”
An editorial three weeks later boldly heralded a stronger social orientation in the journal ’s editorial perspective : “ The future , in fact , rests with labour , and it is upon the sanity and prudence of the workers and their employers that everything depends . ”
The Russian revolution had brought communism to an industrial power , and a new antagonism between capital and labour hovered ominously over the peace .
Nature clearly sided with the labour movement .
In letters from 1918 held at the British Library , Lockyer — then aged 82 and looking towards retirement — wrote to Frederick Macmillan about Gregory , saying how “ satisfied I have been with what he has done for us in these troubled times ” .
Moreover , Lockyer then dismissed the idea that the new editor had to be a scientist distinguished enough to be a fellow of the Royal Society : “ Fellows of the Royal Society are very difficult to lead , and very few of them have the slightest idea of administrative work or possess business capacity . ”
He clearly favoured Gregory , and made it clear to Macmillan that “ I do not think we could do better than entrust the work to him even though he is not a Fellow . ”
Gregory had been de facto editor since Lockyer had left London in 1912 for a new observatory in Sidmouth , Devon , but assumed the role officially in November 1919 .
He was given a knighthood the same year , for organizing exhibitions of scientific products in 1918 and 1919 , and was made a fellow of the Royal Society in 1933 .
1920s
As Britain and many parts of the world emerged from the First World War , economic depression set in a number of industrialized countries and workers demanded more rights , pushing social issues to the fore .
These would dominate the thinking of Nature ’s new editor , Richard Gregory , as he forged a more modern , forward - looking journal .
Under Gregory , the journal published editorials on social issues every week , not just occasionally , and he culled the vast list of leader writers to a hand - picked few .
He was not afraid to embrace new ideas ; unfortunately , theories of eugenics — then fashionable , now recognized as reprehensible — were among them .
However , articles also continued to discuss traditional issues of science education , reform and state involvement , as well as the campaign to recognize science journalism as a profession .
The magazine was bolstered by major discoveries in physics , such as the explanation for α- particle decay and the experimental confirmation of the phenomenon of thermal noise , and an entire special issue was devoted to Albert Einstein ’s theory of relativity .
Norman Lockyer died on 16 August 1920 , aged 84 , leaving four sons and two daughters from his first marriage .
His contributions to science , science education at schools and universities , scientific reform and science communication are almost immeasurable .
He advanced the study of the Sun by many years , provided inspiration for the Science Museum in London , and developed science journalism — without him , it is doubtful whether Nature would exist in the form it does today ( or at all ) .
His hard work , determination , creative flair and commercial savvy , crossed with his characteristic bloody - mindedness , made the journal a success and it won him many friends and more than a few enemies over the years .
He was a truly great and unforgettable giant of science ( see Nature ’s Obituary for more ) .
In the year that he died , a future ( joint ) editor , agronomist Arthur J. V. Gale , joined Nature .
In contrast to Lockyer , very little is known about him .
Although Gregory had been at the helm of Nature for more than a decade , the end of the First World War and Lockyer ’s passing gave him a free hand to bring Nature into the post - war era .
There were significant changes to the magazine and it is under Gregory that Nature began to evolve in the direction of its current form .
Editorials had often been book reviews under Lockyer , but from 1919 Gregory instigated comment on a major social or scientific issue every week .
He continued Lockyer ’s passion for education , but the social and political issues of science were the subjects through which his zeal and passion for science as a curative agent for society ’s ills would flow .
To this end , he trimmed the hundreds of leader writers of Lockyer ’s era to tens , with just 4 men writing 17 % of the editorials of the 1920s .
One of the many changes to the maturing journal in the 1920s includes what may have been the first - ever special issue .
Almost every page of the 17 February 1921 edition is devoted to Einstein ’s theory of relativity , and the introduction to the issue notes the interest of the theory for general readers — “ as all thinking people have pondered over the metaphysics of infinity and eternity ” — and announces that a very large sum of US $ 5,000 has been awarded by Scientific American for the clearest account yet of the theory .
Einstein ( pictured in 1921 ) states in his own ( translated ) article that there is “ something attractive in presenting the evolution of a sequence of ideas in as brief a form as possible ” , but this is perhaps overly optimistic for general readers , considering the complexity of what follows his claim that “ the whole ascent is composed of small , almost self - evident steps of thought ” .
However , a series of short articles accompanies Einstein ’s piece and serves to simplify and decode the complex theories , much as Nature ’s ‘ News & Views ’ section would from the 1960s onwards .
Lockyer took science journalism seriously , and his sense of a good story was one of his strengths .
As editor of Nature , Gregory did much to continue promoting the idea of science journalism .
In an address to the Association of Special Libraries and Information Bureaux , Gregory complained that there was little in the way of science journalism in newspapers , and that their staff were ill - qualified to write about science .
He drew the association ’s attention to the Science Service ( now the Society for Science & the Public ) , a non-profit organization founded in the United States in 1921 by newspaper proprietor Edward W. Scripps .
Taking this as his example , Gregory went on to found a science news service run by the British Science Guild in 1924 , an early forerunner to the Association of British Science Writers .
Australopithecus africanus , the “ man-ape ” of South Africa , described in 1925 in a paper by Raymond Dart ( pictured ) , caused a sensation on publication , and placed Nature on the world stage before a popular audience .
Until now , Nature ’s scoops had been mostly in physics — the discovery of electrons , radioactivity , isotopes , X - rays — but here was an author contending that humans had originated in Africa , “ thus vindicating the Darwinian claim that Africa would prove to be the cradle of mankind ” .
Many disagreed with Dart ’s findings and preferred the prevailing view that humanity had originated in Eurasia , but this was the first time that fossil evidence from Africa had been presented , and Dart was correct in predicting that much more would follow : “ In Southern Africa ... we may confidently anticipate many complementary discoveries concerning this period in our evolution . ”
In 1927 , two papers arrived in the Nature offices that would advance understanding of physics at the quantum level and lead to inventions such as the electron microscope .
The first , by Clinton Davisson and Lester Germer ( pictured ) , is a fine example of how discovery is often catalysed by accident : in 1925 , a bottle of liquefied air exploded in the laboratory where the authors were bombarding nickel with electrons to investigate its structure .
The glass tube containing the nickel cracked , and the target became oxidized .
After the nickel was processed to remove the oxide , the angular distribution of the reflected electrons changed .
Further experiments revealed that the pattern of the electrons was determined by the crystal structure of the nickel target , not the intrinsic atomic structure of nickel .
Comparison with the energies of X - rays striking the same target indicated that the electrons were behaving as waves , not particles .
Just two months later , Alexander Reid and George Thomson ( son of electron discoverer J. J. Thomson ) published a paper that confirmed the finding by diffraction , rather than reflection .
Davisson and Thomson duly shared the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics .
1930s
By the 1930s , Richard Gregory had been at the helm for more than ten years and the magazine , building on changes made during the previous decade , began to approach its modern incarnation .
Editorials continued to press for greater social justice and to appeal for a more prominent position for science in society .
In this period , Nature would be declared “ perhaps the most important weekly printed in English ” , and it would be banned from Nazi Germany .
The 1930s also saw the arrival of a future editor , and the editorial reins handed over again , this time to the only shared editorship .
Discoveries continued to flow in from the golden age of physics as the secrets of the atom and the theory of atomic power were revealed .
“ These phenomena , like all others , demand an ultimate exposition of the truth . ”
This innocuous passage from a 22 March 1930 review in Nature of the book Growth and Trophic Movements of Plants by Jagadis Chandra Bose caught Gregory ’s eye : it shared his vision of science as the search for a deep connection with the absolute truth .
The review ’s 26 - year - old author , Lionel John Farnham Brimble ( pictured ) — Jack to his friends — was duly asked to join the Nature team as an assistant editor in 1931 .
Like Gregory , Brimble had earlier passed over a career in research to be an educator and communicator of science , and he flourished in the Nature office .
In the late 1930s , he actively pushed for schools to teach biology , particularly his speciality of botany , which was previously taught only to girls in Britain .
The intense weekly editorials championing scientific progress and pioneering social awareness reached a zenith in this decade , according to writer Arnold Bennett , who declared in London ’s Evening Standard : “ I regard Nature as perhaps the most important weekly printed in English , far more important than any political weekly ” — even if he did go on to say that “ the writing of it is considerably inferior to the matter of it ” .
The Notes section was renamed News and Views , but it still contained much the same mix of informal news and lightly opinionated content , and was very different from what it would later become .
A reorganization led to a new double - page section , Research Items , which detailed research in other journals ; its legacy lives to this day as the Research Highlights section of Nature .
The number of Letters to the Editor expanded to double figures , and supplements continued to thrive , including History in the Archives of the Royal Society , a reprint of a lecture by crystallographer William Bragg .
By the end of the decade , the journal had around 40 pages and a much crisper masthead ( pictured ) .
The British Science Guild and the British Association for the Advancement of Science had always been two different trains travelling on the same tracks and stopping at similar stations .
In 1936 , the inevitable happened and the organizations merged : Gregory became leader of a new Division for Social and International Relations of Science , and a journal , The Advancement of Science , replaced the guild ’s annual report .
From 1933 , Jewish academics — and , later , non-Jewish ones with Jewish spouses — were expelled from their jobs in Nazi Germany .
Nature , in editorials such as ‘ Freedom of the Mind ’ in June 1937 and ‘ Freedom of Science and Learning ’ the next month , followed the exodus , or “ German disaster ” , with assertive fervour — “ German men of science have been made subservient to the engineers of a ruthless political machine ” — and championed the cause of 228 émigré scholars who had made their way to Britain .
Nature was described in a German magazine as the “ abominable Jewish journal ” , and German science minister Bernhard Rust declared in November 1937 that “ this journal must be expelled from general use in scientific libraries ” .
In 1939 , with war approaching , Gregory — who was nearing his 75th birthday — resigned .
The Nature editorship was handed over to Arthur Gale and Jack Brimble .
Between them , they had clocked up more than 25 years at Nature , and they took up a joint editorship that was to last for more than 20 years .
It is widely agreed that under Gregory the journal had become an international institution .
Subscriptions increased , and the Letters to the Editor section matured into the eminent vehicle for scientific communication that Nature ’s founders had envisaged more than 50 years before .
Charming but idiosyncratic novelties , such as readers ’ reports of their pets ’ behaviour and scientific poetry ( including some from great scientists ) , made way for a more focused and professional publication .
Nature was intent on changing not just science , but also Britain and the world , by means of a unique blend of up - to - date scientific correspondence and strong journalism that was socially aware but aimed to be politically unbiased .
“ Once more the burden of war is laid upon us ” begins the editorial of 9 September 1939 , on the outbreak of the Second World War .
Nature strikes to the ideological heart of the conflict : “ It is not merely political liberty that is at stake ... it is the spirit of man . ”
The journal ’s conscience had tussled with the angst of science as a weapon of war before ; in 1937 , it had declared : “ In the time of the Great War the prostitution of science to warfare was deeply felt by British men of science ... the activity in rearmament is renewing ... the same problems of conscience . ”
Nature had supported the Moral Rearmament movement that sought to strengthen morality alongside the military , but highlighted “ the lag which exists between the progress of scientific investigation and the ethical advance of mankind ” .
In its editorial at the start of the war , the journal urged that the knowledge and energies of those with scientific training “ must be directed without remission to the service of the Allied cause ” , not for “ destruction , but a constructive ideal ” .
The discovery of uranium fission — and the prospect of atomic weaponry — came on the eve of war , after decades of discovery in the physical sciences .
In 1932 , John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton split the atom using the first apparatus for artificially accelerating atomic particles to high energies : the Cockcroft–Walton accelerator , which earned the pair the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics .
In the same year , James Chadwick discovered the neutron , and in 1934 , Leo Szilard and Thomas Chalmers observed the emission of neutrons from a beryllium target bombarded with γ-rays ; months later , they observed the same with X - rays .
This effect indicated the potential for neutron chain reactions in radioactive elements to release immense quantities of energy .
This was confirmed in 1939 , when — after Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann observed it experimentally — Lise Meitner and Otto Frisch proposed a process whereby addition of a neutron could split the uranium nucleus .
They called it fission , as in the division of living cells .
Hahn alone was awarded the 1944 Nobel Prize in Chemistry , on which Nature Correspondence reveals more .
1940s
The Second World War dominated Britain in the 1940s , and it is difficult to glean much about the history of Nature from this period .
With Arthur Gale and Jack Brimble sharing the editorship , the magazine kept running throughout the war , remained mercifully unscathed during the London Blitz and was distributed around the world as before — albeit with delays .
The masthead was redesigned and , as in the preceding decades , the journal published many significant papers in the physical sciences .
The first half of the twentieth century had heralded what many consider to be the golden age of physics , which was maintained with many new discoveries and technical advances in the 1940s , and ushered in the development of atomic weapons and their demonstration in 1945 .
Wartime , particularly the Blitz , transformed London .
Like Britain as a whole , the magazine carried on as well as it could , with a cavalier attitude towards what it described as the “ occasional interruption of work caused by the proximity of delayed - action bombs ” , as if it were all part of a day ’s work .
Readers were reassured that there was a contingency plan : “ Arrangements have been in existence for some considerable time for Nature to carry on elsewhere in the unhappy event of its present home being uninhabitable for any length of time . ”
During the war , Brimble became involved in army education and lectured to various commands , as did Richard Gregory in the First World War , and penned the occasional editorial on the subject .
Brimble organized the local firewatch ( the Macmillan air - raid precaution staff are pictured ) and received a wound during the Blitz that compromised his health in the years after the war .
Throughout the Second World War , Macmillan produced a series of war pamphlets .
In 1941 , Nature described Gregory ’s contribution to the series , ‘ Science in Chains ’ ( pictured ) , in which he refrained from demonizing the enemy or its efforts , but hit back at the Nazi regime for banning Nature in 1937 , and lamented that the discovery of truth by German scientists was seen “ only through the veil of Nazi doctrine ” .
He quoted T. H. Huxley , who said that “ science commits suicide when it adopts a creed ” .
In the 1930s and 1940s , Nature published many influential papers by leading physicists : not only the classic paper by Lise Meitner and Otto Frisch that described uranium fission , but others including a string of papers by Hans von Halban , Frédéric Joliot and Lew Kowarski , who in 1939 established the possibility of nuclear chain reactions and nuclear energy production .
During the war , James Chadwick forwarded work by von Halban and Kowarski — including detailed plans for nuclear reactors and how to make plutonium from uranium — to the Royal Society in sealed papers , which remained hidden , and forgotten , until 2007 .
A later editor , John Maddox , has suggested that these papers were submitted to Nature in the early 1940s , but that the UK government suppressed the publication of any research that could help Germany and the Axis powers to develop atomic weapons .
It fell to Gale to pen Nature ’s editorials in the issues following the nuclear destruction of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 .
Apparently , these were the only two leading articles he ever wrote for Nature .
In the first , on 11 August , he wrestled , just as Gregory had after the First World War , with the concept of science as an agent of death : “ Some of the ablest scientific brains have been devoted for a period of years to the production of an engine of destruction . ”
He reprised Winston Churchill ’s words on the new energy “ long mercifully withheld from man ” , and called for atomic technologies to be harnessed in peace time “ to the needs of industry ” .
Gale went on to suggest that the lay public , not politicians , must direct governments on how to use such power responsibly ( although he backtracked a little in the 18 August editorial ) .
With the United Nations recently born , he said , the choice was “ an international brotherhood of nations or chaos ” .
In 1947 , Gregory was involved in the creation of the Association of British Science Writers ( ABSW ) , and he remained founding president until his death .
Nature had been complaining ever since the time of Norman Lockyer that there was too little in the way of serious science journalism in the popular press , and that most journalists were not qualified to write about science .
The ABSW started with the intention of fixing this situation , and is still campaigning to improve standards of science journalism to this day .
Lockyer and Gregory would be proud , although perhaps more than a little disappointed that the battle has not yet been won .
The existence of the subatomic particles called mesons had been predicted in 1935 in theoretical work by the Japanese physicist Hideki Yukawa , who had suggested that they were among the carriers of the strong nuclear force .
In 1947 , Cecil Powell and Giuseppe Occhialini reported the observation of star - like patterns in photographic emulsions exposed to cosmic rays on mountains at high altitude .
Analysis of the particle tracks provided physical evidence for the proposed particle : “ In view of the evidence ... we believe that the particles producing the observed disintegrations are negative mesons . ”
The existence of mesons was later confirmed when they were created artificially at the Berkeley cyclotron at the University of California .
Yukawa received the 1949 Nobel Prize in Physics for his prediction of mesons , and Powell was awarded the 1950 prize for developing the technique of particle detection using photographic emulsions .
1950s
The decade after the Second World War was one of growth and consolidation .
Subscriptions increased after a wartime fall and the magazine expanded its editorial page count to about 40 .
This was necessary in part to accommodate the burgeoning Letters section , which expanded considerably as the joint editorship of Arthur Gale and Jack Brimble steered a slightly revamped magazine through the post - war technological developments of the 1950s .
In terms of scientific advances , it was biology ’s turn to take centre stage from physics ( although many discoveries were made using applications of physics , such as X - ray crystallography ) .
The revelations of the structure of DNA and then the first structure of a protein , myoglobin , heralded the beginning of the golden age of biology — which even now may have reached only its adolescence .
Image shows Nature offices in St Martin ’s Street , London , in the 1950s ; from the archives of Macmillan Publishers .
Richard Gregory remained a keen advocate of science after he relinquished the Nature editorship , holding a seven - year presidency of the British Association for the Advancement of Science .
He died in 1952 , aged 88 , in Middleton - on - Sea , West Sussex , where he had retired .
His activity in promoting the cause of science was unparalleled , perhaps even to this day .
Involved with more than 70 societies , he was president of 25 and vice - president of 12 .
But his legacy lives on through his books and through Nature , because it was Gregory who took Norman Lockyer ’s Victorian journal into the modern era and made it an international institution .
Gregory wrote his own epitaph : “ My grandfather preached the gospel of Christ , my father preached the gospel of socialism , I preach the gospel of science ; but the ethical principles of all three are pursuit of truth and righteousness for the improvement of man and society . ”
After more than 60 years , the double - helix structure of DNA has achieved iconic status , and not only in biology and science : it is recognizable the world over as a symbol of knowledge , discovery , life and more .
James Watson and Francis Crick ’s famous paper ‘ A structure for deoxyribose nucleic acid ’ was not reviewed by any other scientists before publication in 1953 — there was no way such a story could have been kept secret .
John Maddox has suggested that Brimble would have talked to the head of the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge , where the work was completed .
In fact , it is said that modern Nature ’s much more rigorous refereeing standards would mean that the paper , as a merely speculative piece of work , would not have been accepted today !
Although not immediately or widely accepted as correct , it was — and the rest , including Watson and Crick ’s receipt of the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , is history .
Image shows reconstruction of Crick ’s original DNA model at the Science Museum .
Although Nature had been going for decades , the journal had no formal system for reviewing papers for publication .
Since the days of Lockyer , articles might be sent to eminent scientists for their opinion , but the inconsistency of such an approach was storing up problems for the future , as the volume of submissions increased .
Brimble was something of a man about town and evolved his own method of peer review .
He would , according to Maddox , stuff his pockets with papers submitted to Nature and take them with him to the exclusive Athenæum Club on Pall Mall in London , just around the corner from the Royal Society .
He would then quiz scientific members of the club on the merits of particular manuscripts , over luncheon or coffee .
It was an imperfect system with many flaws , but the beginning of a review system nevertheless .
It has also been said that Brimble might have decided to rely more on editorial assessment after Nature rejected two or three papers that later turned out to be important , on the advice of referees .
One such historic paper was biochemist Hans Krebs ’s article of 1937 on the metabolic citric acid cycle , now usually called the Krebs cycle .
A request from Nature for advice on a manuscript sent to Krebs ’s team in 1953 shows that the journal did by then submit some papers for peer review , but the reply from Krebs was certainly more than Brimble would have bargained for : with tongue firmly in cheek , Krebs reminded the editors of Nature that the paper they had rejected back in 1937 was worthy of sharing the 1953 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
The letter then expressed “ unreserved admiration for the anonymous editor who hid behind the distinguished initials RAG [ Gregory ] , and who made Nature the great journal that it is ” .
Image , courtesy of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies , shows the Sir Hans Krebs Medal , which is awarded for outstanding achievements in biochemistry and related sciences .
The Second World War had given way to the cold war and , as communism spread through Eastern Europe , there was a sharp drop in the number of papers received from the region .
In 1953 , Brimble was elected to the Royal Society of Edinburgh ; in his inaugural address , he professed that no papers were arriving from the Soviet Union , and very few from its satellite states .
This trend reversed in the early 1960s , a result of a policy to encourage submissions from the Eastern Bloc and emerging countries .
Editorials reflected the modern atomic age , and the use of nuclear power became a key issue .
The 1955 ‘ Nuclear Power and its Utilization ’ makes note of US President Dwight Eisenhower ’s plans for an international pool of nuclear fuel for peaceful use in power stations — a reasonable idea , and one that is still advocated in Nature editorials .
Addressing domestic concerns in the same year , ‘ Transport Policy in Great Britain ’ urged haste in motorway - building plans and highlighted the role of scientists and technologists as public educators of transport policy .
Again in 1955 , ‘ Social Implications of Automatic Control in Industry ’ noted the rise of machines to replace manual labour in industry : “ Full automation ” , it declared , “ does not yet exist , though it may be achieved in a suitable industry before the end of this century . "
In the 1950s , the Letters section expanded beyond anything seen before in Nature .
Swelled by the increasing volume of submissions from around the globe , it was not uncommon for issues to have 15 – 20 letters .
Most were not refereed , were undated and were yet to include details on how the experiments were conducted .
A single issue in August 1955 contains items on ‘ Displacement Activities in Fiddler Crabs ’ , ‘ Experimentally Induced Twinning in Plants ’ and ‘ Reverse - Shearing Interferometry ’ — typical of the incredible variety of the burgeoning section .
The Research Items double - page spread of news from other journals had made way for the enlarged Letters section , and all relics of the old back section — the Astronomical Column , Notes , Diary and Societies — had become history .
Image of cover in the 1950s courtesy of the archives of Macmillan Publishers .
The structure of DNA had been a revelation , but the determination to uncover the first protein structure began the revolution that we now call proteomics .
DNA is considered the blueprint of life , but proteins are much more complex .
Their array of functions — for example , as signallers , structural components and catalysts to speed up reactions — means they are the molecules that make life actually happen .
A large team , mostly physicists and led by John Kendrew at Cambridge , worked methodically to decipher the structure of myoglobin , the principal oxygen - carrying pigment in muscle , from a sperm whale ( because it made a large crystal ) .
As with DNA , X - ray crystallography — the measurement of the amplitude of thousands of X - rays scattered from the molecule — generated masses of data that revealed the structure piece by piece .
Eventually , in 1958 , the first high - resolution protein structure was revealed , including the never - before - seen α- helix structure .
Kendrew shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Max Perutz , who later deduced the structure of haemoglobin using the same technique .
It is perhaps surprising that the globe emblem that adorned the masthead of the first - ever issue survived until the late 1950s , albeit spruced up a little in the 1930s and 1940s .
By the end of the decade , its swirling clouds , rustic font and rising globe were looking past their best and out of step with the post - war nuclear era .
A new emblem from 1958 was simpler and starker , with a crisp and modern orange - and - white colour scheme , but a contrasting old - fashioned font .
The masthead ’s William Wordsworth quotation —
“ To the solid ground of Nature trusts the mind that builds for aye ” — lasted until 1963 .
1960s
The swinging sixties were a decade of great change for Nature .
Against a global backdrop of cultural shifts , the cold war and accelerating technological development , the magazine initially struggled to adapt to the changing times .
The 1960s saw the retirement of one editor , the untimely death of another and the magazine rejuvenated in content , aesthetics and organization by a third .
The journal was censored and archived , moved offices and received at least one proposal to buy it ( although this was not taken seriously ) .
Scientific advances continued apace : after publishing the structure of the protein haemoglobin , the magazine hosted the first structure of an enzyme , lysozyme , spurring on the biological revolution begun in the previous decade .
In physics , the first laser — “ a solution looking for a problem ” — was developed by Theodore Maiman .
The late 1960s also saw the discovery of pulsars , which were interpreted as possible extraterrestrial signals until their true nature as rotating neutron stars was deciphered .
Solving the structure of DNA was the start of the golden age of biology , and ushered in an era when the blueprint for life was suddenly within grasp .
But DNA ’s structure did not reveal how it coded for proteins , until the seminal work ‘ General Nature of the Genetic Code for Proteins ’ , by Francis Crick and his colleagues , answered at a stroke the crucial questions that cracked the DNA - to - protein code ( modern schematic is shown ) .
The authors showed that three DNA bases code for one amino acid ; the code does not overlap ; it has a fixed starting point ; and different triplet combinations of base pairs can code for the same amino acid .
The paper conveys the excitement that it was just a matter of time before more major advances would follow : “ the coding problem is wide open for experimental attack ... the genetic code may well be solved within a year ” .
By 1966 , the base - pair triplets ( codons ) for all 20 amino acids encoded in DNA had been identified , many in Crick ’s Cambridge laboratory .
Arthur Gale ( pictured , right , with co-editor Jack Brimble ) retired at the end of 1961 , after having worked for Nature for more than 40 years .
Only Richard Gregory had served in an active capacity for longer ( 1893 –1939 ) ; Norman Lockyer was editor in name only for a little more than the last decade of his 50 serving years ( 1869 –1919 ) .
Very little is known of Gale , who came across as silent and hard - working next to Brimble ’s more ‘ jet - propelled ’ character .
Theirs was apparently an eccentric system that worked only because Brimble was out of the office a great deal ( frequently at lunch at the Athenæum , handing out papers for informal review — see 1950s ) .
Upon Gale ’s retirement , Brimble became sole editor .
Image from archives of Macmillan Publishers .
As the Letters section in Nature grew , so did the proportion of contributions from countries around the world .
The 1960s showed an increase in submissions from the Soviet Union and its satellite states , such as Poland and Hungary , after correspondence all but ceased in the 1950s .
In 1962 , East Germany published 4 Letters to West Germany ’s 56 .
Nature was distributed to the communist Eastern Bloc , but was censored .
In 1964 , Macmillan moved out of the offices in St Martin ’s Street , London , that it had occupied since 1897 , and took up space in Little Essex Street .
By then , the company had accumulated a considerable archive of material related to publishing of books , which was sorted and deposited at the British Library .
The archive was later added to , in 1990 and 2004 .
It includes some correspondence with Lockyer and other eminent scientists involved in establishing Nature in the nineteenth century , but only on the subject of book publication .
Some early correspondence about Nature has survived in the personal archives of Lockyer , Gregory and other scientists .
An attempt was made in the 1970s to store correspondence specifically relating to Nature at Imperial College London , but most of the material remained unsorted and was eventually destroyed .
Before 1960 , almost no one believed that the continents moved , but a series of papers in Nature changed how the world was viewed .
As new rock forms , the direction of Earth ’s magnetic field is imprinted in its ferrous elements .
But the magnetic ‘ stripes ’ ( pictured ) that formed as the poles periodically reversed did not tally in rocks from different continents — so either the magnetic poles were wandering , or the sea floor was moving .
Frederick Vine and Drum Matthews ’s 7 September 1963 paper on sea - floor magnetism built on key observations made by others , such as Keith Runcorn and Robert Dietz a decade earlier .
Although Vine and Matthews were not alone in suggesting that the sea floor was spreading , their paper was the first to reconcile an unpopular theory with direct palaeomagnetic evidence from sea - floor lava flows .
In less than a decade , the idea of continental drift was accepted , and Earth science was born as a modern interdisciplinary subject .
Image courtesy of the United States Geological Survey .
The shock and sadness felt by colleagues at Brimble ’s sudden death at the age of 61 in his flat in London on 15 November 1965 is conveyed in the tone of the announcement in Nature that week .
His obituary the following week conveys the passion he had for science throughout his life .
Brimble ( pictured ) was devoted to the magazine and fought hard for its independence and integrity .
Archive material held in Basingstoke shows that , despite his jovial manner , Brimble was not afraid to take on the house of Macmillan ( then chaired by Daniel Macmillan ’s grandson , Harold — the former British prime minister ) if he felt that Nature ’s core values were being eroded .
Brimble lived long enough to mark the 5,000th issue of Nature in August 1965 , when he was interviewed by the BBC and proudly asserted that 250,000 scientists read Nature in 120 countries , from a distribution of 15,000 copies .
Image from the archives of Macmillan Publishers .
After Brimble ’s death , it took six months to find a new editor .
Macmillan News announced in June 1966 that the post would be taken by John Maddox ( pictured ) , who had been a theoretical physicist , a lecturer at the University of Manchester , UK , and a journalist at The Manchester Guardian ( later The Guardian ) before becoming an administrator of the Nuffield Science Teaching Project , which sought to modernize UK science education for 5 - to 18 - year - olds .
Maddox would draw heavily on his experience as scientist and journalist during his editorship .
In his interview , he remarked that Nature “ did n’t have much in the way of news ” for a weekly .
In fact , there was much about the journal that needed to change .
More staff members were needed to tackle the massive backlog of submissions , and members of the scientific community had issues with the handling of manuscripts .
The magazine needed an overhaul and required modernizing in many departments .
Macmillan archive material shows that eminent scientists were sounded out about the magazine ’s perceived failings .
Maddox ’s first job was to tackle the backlog of 2,300 unpublished manuscripts .
Some scientists complained that during Brimble ’s editorship , the choice of printworthy pieces seemed “ arbitrary ” and “ not up to standard ” , that “ valuable material was missed ” and that “ Nature retains a very Victorian air ” .
The receipt date of manuscripts was not recorded .
The 5,001st issue , in 1965 , had 30 Letters to the Editor detailing scientific discoveries , in addition to two sections of Articles .
Legend has it that Brimble ’s system for tracking submitted papers was a particularly wide windowsill , with manuscripts piled high by month — a visible ‘ histogram ’ of how much had still to be done .
The only solution was a comprehensive refereeing system , which also meant that the referees themselves had to be refereed .
It was 18 months before the backlog of manuscripts was cleared .
By the time Nature reached its centenary issue ( pictured ) in 1969 , Maddox had begun to cast off the magazine ’s antiquated air .
The most significant introduction was a News section that actually treated news as something more significant than a mere announcement .
This was promoted to the front of the journal to follow the editorials , which continued to address timely issues of the day , and was followed by a reborn News and Views section that decoded complex topics and brought back a readability that had been submerged by increasing specialization .
Nature celebrated 100 years with a VIP dinner and a collection of brilliant historical articles , principally authored by Roy Macleod .
The issue ’s introduction , ‘ Is it safe to look back ? ’ ( almost certainly written by Maddox ) flashes optimistically forward with the reflection : “ At this occasion in the domestic history of Nature ... it remains an honest objective to win for science ... an opportunity to change the world . ”
1970s
The 1970s was a decade of success and failure for Nature .
In the early 1970s , the magazine ambitiously split into three publications , but the experiment did not last , perhaps too bold a move and ahead of its time .
The magazine was reunited shortly after David ‘ Dai ’ Davies took on the sixth editorship in 1973 , closing the first Maddox era .
The Nature community was also saddened by the death of Arthur Gale , co-editor from 1939 to 1961 , in 1978 .
Other activities brought more cheer .
The magazine ’s first base in the United States proved both a scientific and a commercial success , and manuscripts received from around the world led to at least three Nobel Prizes .
In 1970 , there were about 12 members of Nature staff , including production staff , of whom half were scientists .
The London office had a quick sojourn in Canberra House in Maltravers Street , but by 1972 was back at Little Essex Street
The beginning of the 1970s saw Nature expanding its global presence .
Always an international journal , it set up its first US office in a small room ( 3 by 6 metres ) in the National Press Building in Washington DC ( pictured ) .
The office was run for six months by John Maddox and his right - hand person , Mary Sheehan , and had the dual purpose of increasing Nature subscriptions in the United States and bolstering the flow of manuscripts from US laboratories .
But the move undoubtedly increased awareness of the journal and perhaps even its influence .
Nature was said in the 31 August issue of TIME magazine to have influenced the resignation of Lee DuBridge , President Richard Nixon ’s science adviser ( see ‘ Whom Does the Science Adviser Advise ? ’ and ‘ All Change at the Top’ ) .
After Maddox returned to the London office , the Washington DC office was run by deputy editor Nicholas Wade .
Image courtesy of CaryScott.com .
For just over ten years , Francis Crick ’s ‘ central dogma ’ of molecular biology held that DNA made RNA , and RNA made protein , and that was how the information of life flowed in a cell .
But there is always an exception in biology : RNA viruses spin RNA into DNA .
The discovery of this process was a classic story of different researchers cracking the same problem at the same time — but by different means and each oblivious to the work of the others — and has led to major advances in molecular biology and drug development .
Independently , Howard Temin and Satoshi Mizutani , and then David Baltimore , found the enzyme we now call reverse transcriptase in particles of tumour - forming viruses , rather than in the infected cell .
Their papers were published in Nature in 1970 ; the accompanying News & Views article , ‘ Central Dogma Reversed ’ tells how “ if ever there was a man in a position to say I told you so ” , it was Temin , because he had advanced the idea in 1964 and been widely doubted , even ridiculed .
Temin and Baltimore shared the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
As the volume of scientific work produced around the world increased and became more specialized , it became feasible to publish more than one edition of Nature .
In January 1971 , Nature split into three separate publications : Nature Physical Science , Nature New Biology ( pictured ) and Nature , which were published on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays , respectively .
Editor John Maddox talked of a time when Nature would be a daily publication , like a newspaper , and each day would specialize in different areas of science while always carrying the strong news sense so close to his heart ( some said he had printers ’ ink in his veins ) .
However , the venture cannot be judged a success .
A little over two years later , Maddox was no longer editor ; the journals were reunited from the first issue of 1974 .
That the reunification announcement coincided with Maddox ’s departure and Davies ’s entrance tells its own story .
On 20 August 1973 , Davies ( pictured ) took the helm — only the sixth person to hold the editorship in more than 100 years .
Macmillan
News described him as no stranger to Nature , because he had been geophysics correspondent for many years .
Davies ’s first editorial , ‘ Nature in the Future ’ , candidly admits that readers might be confused to find him suddenly in the driving seat .
He quotes Maddox ’s last editorial to wave away past controversies : “ It ill becomes a journal to waste too much of its space on introspection . ”
Davies goes on to discuss what makes a Nature paper : “ something which sets it apart as helping to see the world through a newer and better window ” .
Before becoming editor , Davies spent a few years in the United States heading the Seismic Discrimination Group at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge , undertaking work that could be used in the detection of underground nuclear - weapons tests — valuable experience that would filter through to his editorials in Nature .
The journal , now reunited into one entity , gave Davies the chance to exert his influence on structure and content .
His first editorial after his introduction , ‘ Nuclear Defence : the need for Debate ’ was one of many on nuclear weapons and power .
These included early research into what became known as the Star Wars defence shield , tackled in ‘ The Next Generation of Weapons ’ in 1979 .
Davies also refined the modern journal by bringing Correspondence to the front , at the expense of Book Reviews .
The unwieldy Maddox - era division of news into Old World and New World was replaced with a more politically palatable International News , accompanied by a new section — News in Brief .
Davies also introduced new columnists , newspaper - style sketch cartoons ( pictured ) and review articles , and markedly improved the quality of the front covers .
By the end of the 1970s , Nature ’s first US outpost was making a good return on the investment — one - third of subscriptions and half of all manuscripts received originated in the United States .
The thriving Washington DC office had increased to three staff members : David Dickson ( news correspondent ) , Sandy Grimwade ( biology editor ) and Mary Wade ( office manager ) .
In February 1978 , Nature took its first stand at the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference to push its reduced personal subscription rate of US $ 48 ( down from $ 98 ) .
Scientific progress in the 1970s was marked by the first fruits of biology ’s golden age , which earned several Nature authors Nobel prizes in the physiology or medicine category .
A major advance in immunity was the understanding of how the body ’s T cells kill virus - infected cells in the body , published in 1974 , which earned Peter Doherty and Rolf Zinkernagel the 1996 Nobel prize .
The application of molecular biology to medicine took a leap forward with the creation in 1975 of the first monoclonal antibodies — target - specific ‘ magic bullets ’ made by cloned immune cells , which can be used against cancer cells , for example — leading to the 1984 Nobel prize .
Work in 1976 on the ion channels into and out of cells claimed the 1991 Nobel prize .
The incredible diagnostic power of magnetic resonance imaging was revealed in 1973 .
A bacteriophage was the first organism to have its entire DNA sequenced ( in 1978 ) , and heralded an era in which the complete genetic blueprint of a living creature was within grasp — how long would it take to get from microbes to humanity ?
The 1970s saw regular , named columnists in Nature for the first time .
After long - standing contributor Kenneth Mellanby came Thomas H. Jukes , a British - American biochemist who wrote frequent articles from 1975 to 1980 , taking a sceptical line against pseudoscience .
‘ Funk Therapy ’ , a 1975 treatise on vitamins , is typical of his erudite style : “ Vitamins go through periods of fashion ... Vitamin B 12 is popular , probably because it is often injected and is red . ”
Jukes commented on many environmental issues from a biochemical perspective , discussing a ban on using certain growth agents in cattle ( he had researched the growth effects of adding antibiotics to livestock feed ) , and examining the hazards of ozone - depleting aerosol spray cans and the pesticide DDT .
Jukes took on health fads and argued against Nobel - prizewinning chemist Linus Pauling ’s idea that megadoses of vitamin C could improve health and boost disease resistance ; he also talked about the consumption of apricot kernels as a source of the much - vaunted anticancer agent laetrile , pointing out that the crucial ingredient , amygdalin , breaks down into cyanide .
1980s
The 1980s saw John Maddox back at the helm after a seven - year break .
Under his charge , the magazine reached essentially its modern format .
Discoveries continued to flow in the biological sciences .
The technique commonly known as DNA fingerprinting was described in Nature in 1985 ; two years later , it was used not only to convict the killer of two teenage girls in Leicestershire , UK , but also to exonerate the original chief suspect .
In genetics , papers published in 1980 and 1984 significantly advanced knowledge of how genes affect development .
In the physical sciences , 1983 and 1984 saw papers that described the large - scale structure of the Universe and the formation of galaxies , and a supernova in 1987 afforded the opportunity to set limits on the mass of the electron neutrino .
Maddox returned for his second stint as editor in 1980 .
This was not universally popular with employees of the more organized Dai Davies culture .
However , Davies was considered too academic by some , and the return of Maddox ’s journalistic zeal and love of print was welcomed .
Maddox ( pictured ) did not share his thoughts with readers in a Nature editorial on his return .
Instead , in an article called ‘ Back to Nature ’ in the in -house Macmillan News , he candidly explored what had changed in the seven years since he had abruptly left the post : “ Nature is now more highly organised than in the old days ... it has to be ... the field in which we make our living has become even more competitive . ”
A nod , perhaps , to the accomplishments of Davies , who had turned out to be both his successor and his predecessor .
Nature , Maddox said , was approaching not one , “ but half a dozen turning points ” .
And it had n’t all changed , as he wryly noted : “ one of the locks on the men ’s loo on the third floor still does n’t work ” .
That year , Nature made its first foray into electronic publishing , with a news story on the UK Post Office ’s videotex system , Prestel , which displayed articles on television sets hooked up to phone lines .
The early 1980s saw the launch of Nature ’s first successful sister journal , after the doomed attempt of the 1970s .
Bio/ technology ( now Nature Biotechnology ) marked the beginning of a new era in publishing that would see a string of journals created under the Nature brand .
Maddox visited Japan in 1983 for a special issue on science in the country .
The mid -to - late 1980s saw Nature establish a foothold in the region : Alun Anderson , who would later become editor - in - chief of the magazine New Scientist , was Nature ’s first correspondent in Japan .
The discovery of the ‘ hole ’ in Earth ’s ozone layer over Antarctica provided evidence to scientists , politicians and the public that human activity could modify the global environment within just a couple of generations .
Published in Nature in 1974 , work by Mario Molina and F. Sherwood Rowland had established that chlorine originating from chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) was an agent of ozone destruction ; for this , they received a share of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
But the finding was just the start of the story .
In May 1985 , Joe Farman and his colleagues at the British Antarctic Survey reported that spring ozone levels over Antarctica were much lower than expected .
The authors correctly predicted that CFCs were responsible , although the chemical mechanism that they proposed was wrong .
Satellite data published in 1986 confirmed the Antarctic group ’s findings , and a flurry of papers that followed , by Susan Solomon , Paul Crutzen , Michael McElroy and their colleagues , set out the chemical basis of the phenomenon .
Pure carbon was thought to exist in only two forms — diamond and graphite — until the 1985 emergence of C 60 ( pictured ) showed just how beautiful chemistry can be .
Like many discoveries , it came about more by accident than design , when Harold Kroto and his colleagues were vaporizing graphite in the hope of creating the molecules thought to inhabit interstellar space .
Naturally occurring C 60 has since been found in soot , carbonaceous meteorites and the mineral shungite .
Its spherical structure is made up of a mixture of tessellating pentagons and hexagons — just like a football .
C 60 also resembles the geodesic domes of US inventor and architect Buckminster Fuller , and so was soon nicknamed buckminsterfullerene .
Carbon can also take other forms known as fullerenes , which include carbon nanotubes , and molecules in this family can be made to superconduct .
The arrival of fullerenes ( and an easy method of synthesis ) revolutionized materials science and marked its maturation into a distinct and modern discipline .
By the 1980s , Nature had more or less reached its modern form , but there was still room for additions .
Shortly into the second Maddox era , Matters Arising appeared ; it tackled scientific correspondence regarding specific papers , rather than generic issues relating to science .
Also debuting in the 1980s were New on the Market , a summary of new commercial research products , and Employment , a one - page essay that can be seen as a very early forerunner to Nature ’s Careers section .
A 1986 supplement reporting the first results from five spacecraft to probe Halley ’s comet unhelpfully coincided with the first papers on the fallout from the Chernobyl nuclear accident in Ukraine , ensuring a working week as close to the wire as any before .
As in the 1970s , editorials continued to look closely and frequently at arms control , nuclear weapons and the mooted ‘ Star Wars ’ defence system .
And more attention was paid to economics : an editorial welcoming 1981 declared boldly : “ Economic problems matter because they determine the resources available for ... institutions and for innovation ” .
A cover from the 1980s is pictured .
In 1988 , an agreement was reached with China ’s national science and technology agency , which had previously supported the piracy of Nature in the country , to publish an English - language edition in China .
The same year saw a deal hatched with Yuri Kanin , then chief science commentator for the Russian Novosti Press Agency , which would see three Soviet scientists contributing to one substantial article every two weeks ( four articles were sent in the first week , much to Maddox ’s embarrassment ) .
Closer to home , Nature was asked by The Times to relaunch the newspaper ’s daily Science Report column .
The first proposal for Nature to provide science columns for The Times dates back to around 1878 , when Norman Lockyer was editor .
The 1980s saw Nature expanding its global operations , establishing a string of offices around the world .
The 1980 opening of the New York City office in the iconic Flatiron Building on Fifth Avenue was accompanied by a marketing trial that saw 50,000 free copies sent to institutions across the United States ; a larger campaign that followed is credited with boosting subscriptions by 3,988 in just one year .
This helped Nature ’s circulation in the United States and Canada to breach the 10,000 mark by 1981 , and by 1984 the New York office had 19 staff members and US circulation stood at 12,300 .
By the end of the decade , Nature had correspondents in Boston , San Francisco , New Delhi , Paris and Melbourne , in addition to its offices in London , Washington DC , New York and Tokyo — a global presence to match the worldwide perspective that Nature has always retained .
1990s
The 1990s saw a period of rapid change and development for Nature at home and abroad .
E-mail and electronic systems were used for the first time to manage manuscripts , and Nature ’s first website was set up .
The international expansion continued , with the founding in 1996 of Nature ’s first office in Australia ; the journal ’s first conference in South Korea was organized the following year .
Nature ’s Russian bureau opened in 1993 and distributed a monthly edition , published in the country , until 1997 : it had 128 black - and - white pages and a circulation of 3,500 at its peak .
Photocopies were freely available and many complaints were received when the edition was discontinued .
Cooperation with Russia also included a special issue of the science magazine Priroda , which contained a selection of classic Nature papers .
Nature ’s operations were sufficiently internationalized for a large - scale move to New York to be proposed in 1996 , but the idea was abandoned .
Could life exist on other planets in galaxies far , far way ?
Extraterrestrials need homes too , and the hunt for planets outside our Solar System — extrasolar planets , or exoplanets — has been on since at least the 1940s .
In 1992 , Aleksander Wolszczan and Dale Frail obtained the first confirmed finding : two small planets orbiting a pulsar .
These were pinpointed by measuring changes in the movement of the parent star ( indicated by the Doppler shift in its radio emissions ) caused by the gravitational effects of the orbiting bodies .
It was not until 1995 that Michael Mayor and Didier Queloz of the Geneva Observatory , Switzerland , found 51 Pegasi b ( artist ’s impression pictured ) , a Jupiter - sized planet orbiting a Sun - like star , which could be a better bet for finding evidence of life .
The gravitational tug of the planet on the parent star revealed its orbit to be extremely close ( one - seventh of the distance from Mercury to the Sun ) and swift ( a ‘ year ’ in just four Earth days ) .
Nearly 4,000 exoplanets have since been found .
Image : NASA / ESA / G. Bacon ( STScI ) .
Nature built on its previous wave of international expansion by publishing a series of supplements focusing on scientific and technological developments in other countries .
The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 opened up the old Eastern Bloc faster than many had anticipated , and the 1990 supplement Science in Eastern Europe was quick to examine opportunities there .
Science in Japan ( 1992 ) asked what kind of research reforms were needed in the country ; and the 1995 Science in China supplement dissected the communist state ’s ambitious five - year development plan .
In the same year , Science in Australia ( 1995 ) looked at the radio telescopes of the outback and concluded that “ Australian science is in good shape ” .
The 1990s also saw the introduction of ‘ How to get published in Nature ’ guides in Japanese ( 1994 ) and Chinese ( 1998 ) , among other languages , to encourage submissions .
“ The scientific enterprise has had a marvellous century ” , was the bold opening gambit for ‘ How to mark 125 years of discovery ’ , the introductory article of the Frontiers of Ignorance special that marked Nature ’s anniversary edition in 1994 — the magazine ’s 6,501st issue ( pictured ) .
After candidly asserting that “ Nature became a scientific journal only by accident ” , the issue mostly looked forward , rather than back : it contained a series of News & Views pieces and ‘ Questions yet unanswered ’ on the big problems ( mostly in physics ) still facing science : will the Universe expand indefinitely , or stop ?
How did life begin ?
Is the brain a computer ?
With DNA deciphered , and silicon chips now found in every office , ‘ The endless frontier ’ asked “ what further discoveries of importance can there be ? ” while also reminding readers about the periodic scientific revolutions , such as that of the quantum world versus Newtonian mechanics , that have always lain in wait to transform our view of the Universe .
A year after the 125th anniversary issue , the Maddox era came to a close with the appointment of Nature ’s former physical sciences editor Philip Campbell ( pictured ) as the editor of Nature — only the eighth person to hold the post .
Maddox ’s closing editorial , ‘ Valediction from an old hand ’ is a subtle blend of anecdote and reason , tackling issues such as the ( occasional ) place for an unrefereed paper , the confidentiality of the refereeing system , scientific misconduct and the sometimes impenetrable use of English in the communication of science , asking whether “ people hide their meaning from insecurity ” .
Campbell ’s first editorial , ‘ Postscript from a new hand ’ , took note of Maddox ’s comments and promised that “ resources are being invested in further enhancing the readability of what we produce ” , before assuring readers that Nature would “ continue to pursue scientific excellence and journalistic impact with vigorous independence ” .
Maddox was knighted in 1996 for services to science , and the retrospective book A Bedside Nature , edited by biochemistry correspondent Walter Gratzer , was published that year .
From 1995 , Nature — although still part of Macmillan Publishers — was for the first time in its history not wholly owned by the actual Macmillan family ( or the ‘ House of Macmillan ’ ) .
In June , the German - based , family - run company Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck acquired a 71 % stake in the publishers , a move that meant that Nature was now owned by a foreign company ( Holtzbrinck completed purchase of Macmillan in 1999 ) .
That the company was private and not listed on the stock exchange was a comfort for some : there were no shareholders to please .
As the parent company moved in 1995 , so did the Nature offices — relocating across London , from Little Essex Street to Crinan Street in King ’s Cross .
The 1990s saw many internal and external publishing activities at Nature go electronic .
In 1988 , 6,000 papers were submitted and 1,000 published — that ’s around 25 papers received every working day .
To cope with the increasing volume of submissions , including those from journal launches , in 1990 an electronic system was introduced to track the progress of manuscripts from submission to publication .
Public - facing electronic ventures in the same year included the release of CD - ROM archives and Nature ’s first presence on the Internet as www.nature.com.
A daily news service , Nature Science Updates , started at same time , and in 1998 nature.com was relaunched , with full - text articles made available electronically .
Nature ’s first press site was set up in 1999 to help journalists and promote public relations .
Dolly ( pictured ) became probably the most famous lamb in the world and provoked strong reactions from scientists , politicians and the public alike when she was revealed to the world by Ian Wilmut of the Roslin Institute , Edinburgh , on 22 February 1997 .
She showed that mammals — familiar , cuddly ones that were bigger than small children — could be cloned and , surely , if you can clone a sheep , you can clone a person ?
Behind the headlines , however , Dolly was not the first cloned mammal : Steen Willadsen reported the first , also a sheep , in 1986 .
The cloning technique of nuclear transfer was first used in mice in 1983 , although it took the original cells from embryos and produced no living animal .
Advances in using nuclei from cells in culture led to cloned calf embryos in 1994 , and then the real breakthrough came when Wilmut ’s group achieved nuclear transfer from an established cell line in 1996 .
Dolly ’s uniqueness was that she was cloned from an adult cell , so overriding the potential moral and ethical baggage attached to using ( and destroying ) early embryos .
The myriad possible medical implications are only just being realized .
The magazine had by now reached its modern format , save for a couple of additions , such as Futures — a series of science fiction ( or speculative fiction ) short stories intended to let writers “ express not their predictions but their preoccupations with the present day ” .
Supplements continued on an ad hoc basis , covering topics such as immunology , allergies , science in Latin America and careers .
Scientific discoveries continued apace from all fields , including Australopithecus ramidus ( now Ardipithecus ramidus ) , at the time the the oldest known hominin , in 1994 , and , in 1998 , an Indonesian population of the coelacanth fish , once considered extinct .
In 1994 , the total synthesis of taxol was a significant step towards producing anticancer drugs , and a gene called obese was cloned .
There were also reports of quantum teleportation in 1997 and gravitational lensing — a key test of relativity theory — in 1993 , as well as the synthesis of carbon nanotubes in 1991 , polymer LEDs in 1990 and artificial diamonds in 1993 .
The 1990s saw the launch of specialist sister journals to Nature .
These covered a wide range of scientific disciplines , starting with Nature Genetics in 1992 , followed by Nature Structural Biology ( now Nature Structural & Molecular Biology ) in 1994 , Nature Medicine in 1995 , Nature Biotechnology in 1996 ( relaunched from Bio/technology ) , Nature Neuroscience in 1998 and Nature Cell Biology in 1999 .
These soon became distinct entities , with some , such as Nature Genetics , becoming competitors with Nature because they could offer authors more space .
To accommodate the burgeoning stock of publications , 1999 saw the birth of Nature Publishing Group from the merging of Stockton Press , publisher of more specialist academic journals such as Oncogene , with Macmillan Magazines , publisher of Nature and its sister titles .
2000s
Nature celebrated the new millennium by taking an active role in the British Association for the Advancement of Science ’s millennial events , including a collaboration with the Royal Society on More than Meets the Eye , a programme of science and art performances , talks and events at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London .
The 2000s saw a proliferation of Nature - branded journals , and many discoveries , especially in the sequencing of genomes .
As access to fast Internet connections became more widely available , Nature explored the future of computing and its effects on how science is conducted .
With the information age well under way , the ramifications for science were explored in pieces such as ‘ Machine readability ’ , ‘ Publishing on the semantic web ’ and ‘ Science in the web age : Joint efforts ’ .
The Human Genome Project was formally launched in 1990 and scientists from the United States , United Kingdom , France , Germany , China and Japan formed the International Human Genome Sequencing Consortium to complete the work at centres around the world .
A special issue ( pictured ) of Nature on 15 February 2001 published the draft human genome .
At the same time , the journal Science reported the sequencing of the human genome by the privately funded Celera Genomics , which from 1998 onwards used the ‘ whole genome shotgun sequencing ’ technique on DNA — some of the samples coming from the company ’s founder , Craig Venter .
The final , final draft of the human genome was completed in 2006 , when the sequence of the last chromosome was published , and Nature celebrated with a special Human Genome Collection supplement and produced a video to mark the event .
Nature has also published genome sequences of the opossum ( Monodelphis domestica ) , honeybee ( Apis mellifera ) and chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ) , among others .
A permanent tribute to Norman Lockyer was unveiled in January 2003 at the house on Penywern Road in Earl ’s Court , London , where Lockyer lived from 1876 to 1920 .
English Heritage , which aims to protect and promote England ’s historic environment , awards blue plaques to people with a strong reputation who have gained recognition through their life and work .
The plaque ( pictured ) was unveiled by then - science minister David Sainsbury , who in his speech said that Lockyer “ is , of course , known to us for establishing the world - renowned scientific journal Nature and also for discovering the element helium .
He also played an important role in raising the standards of science education in the country , and helped to found both Imperial College and the Science Museum . ”
Important scientific news has always been central to the Nature publishing philosophy , and 2004 saw the launch of news@nature.com , a specialized service for publishing in - depth news daily on the web , rather than just weekly in print .
Replacing the 1990s Nature Science Updates , the site had an independent subscription service to cater for an audience that would be less concerned with reading primary research .
It made an immediate impact and scooped the 2004 Association of British Science Writers award for the best science writing on the Internet for the Flores man special ( see below ) .
The redesigned Nature News website launched in late 2007 .
The announcement of the discovery of Homo floresiensis , an extinct and previously undescribed species of hominin , on the Indonesian island Flores caused a worldwide sensation , although the evidence that a cousin of humanity might have been living in isolation until just tens of thousands of years ago did n’t convince everyone .
With the discovery coming on the back of the release of the Lord of the Rings films , the small stature of H. floresiensis meant that the species was soon dubbed ‘ hobbits ’ ; public imagination was fired further by legends of mischievous humanoid forest - dwellers that had been seen by locals on Flores just hundreds of years ago .
The finding even inspired British artist Damien Hirst to paint a picture of the hobbit ’s skull next to a modern human skull .
See the Flores man special and web focus for more .
For more than 125 years , Nature had been solely a print publication , but the arrival of the Internet brought new media platforms and opportunities to experiment .
By 2004 , podcast had become a buzzword and many publishers were keen to jump on the bandwagon .
Audio files had been available on the web for some time , but the provision of web feeds such as RSS meant that users could subscribe and never miss an episode of their favourite show .
In 2005 , Nature enlisted the Naked Scientists , a Cambridge - based group of science - media enthusiasts , to help produce the Nature Podcast , which would highlight news and discoveries of the week by interviewing scientists and Nature editors .
It was an immediate success and led to Nature Publishing Group ( NPG ) producing other podcasts .
If 2005 was the year of the podcast , 2006 was the year of Internet video and other web innovations .
Nature took an early interest in video , and from late 2005 began working with producers to make pieces to accompany major papers .
The Nature Video archive now features many scientists describin
Real - life miracles were the subject of Van Jones ' keynote address at the Craigslist Foundation 's " Nonprofit Boot Camp " last year .
He amused and inspired his audience with the story of his early days at the Ella Baker Center for Human Rights .
1. Self promote
2. Steal
3. Do n't Lie
4 . Hate your enemies , but love your rivals .
5 . Do less .
" What 'd you do this weekend ? "
" Oh ... Studied !
With my friends . "
" How did the year go ? "
" We had success after success !
All goals were met , and a good time was had by all . "
and maybe more than one , who feels like their little not - for - profit just may not make it .
There may be somebody that feels like their cause is too marginal , their constituency is too desperate , their dreams are too big , their knowledge base is too small , and they just do n't know if they 're going to be able to pull this one off .
If you 're that person , I want to tell you a little bit about my story , my secret rules for success if you 're doing tough things , and to remind you how important it is that you stick this out .
Ten years ago , all I had with my co-founder was a $ 10,000 grant and a scribble in my notebook , and we had a dream .
We wanted to do something about police brutality .
We wanted to do something about kids suffering in prison .
We wanted to do something about the level of violence that was going on in our community .
All we had was each other and that idea .
The very first champion that we got — the first person who was on our side , the chair of our advisory board who was our hero — told us " Frankly , man , you will never raise enough money to cover your own salary on this .
I think you 're great , I like what you 're doing , but you will never raise enough money to actually have a full staff .
But I like you , I like what you 're doing , and I 'm willing to lend my name . "
And that was our most enthusiastic supporter !
Eleven years later , we have a national organization .
We have 24 people on staff , we occupy a two - story building , and we 've won international awards and recognition for our human rights effort .
We 've stopped jails from being built , and we 've been able to make a difference .
In just ten years .
I want you to know that looking back on it , you know what it looks like ?
It just looks like a series of miracles .
Just miracle after miracle after miracle after miracle .
The only way we were able to get to those miracles was that we believed in what we were doing .
When we first started out , we had a closet in the back of the Lawyer 's Committee for Civil Rights .
When I say closet , I 'm not joking .
It was literally a closet , that we took the shelves out of , wedged in a desk from my house , moved the tiles , dropped down wires so we could plug things in ...
That was our office for three years .
I'm thankful to Eva Patterson from the Lawyer 's Committee for Civil Rights for giving us that opportunity .
We took that closet and a Macintosh SE - 30 from my house and our $ 10,000 , and we started announcing that we had a hotline for survivors of police brutality and police misconduct .
I think the first week we got one phone call .
The second week we got two or three .
Within about two months , we were getting three to four phone calls a day from people in the community who had no place else to turn ...
We were young lawyers and they were calling on us , and we were doing the best that we could .
But we were spending down that little $ 10,000 very quickly .
We got to the place where we literally did n't have any more money .
Diana and I looked at each other and we said , " You know what ?
We 'll go on unemployment .
We 'll do whatever we have to do .
We can not let these people down .
" I got on KPFA radio .
I said " My name is Van Jones , and I 'm working with Bay Area Police Watch .
We 're running into some trouble right now , but we want you to know , keep calling us .
We 're going to have to reduce our hours , but we 're going to stick in there . "
The day before we spent our last dime — literally — we got a letter in the mail .
An anonymous donation of $ 50,000 .
" Hey !
We might be able to keep going ! "
We took that $ 50,000 , and we decided , you know what ?
We 're going to go after the worst police officer in the Bay Area , a man named Mark Andaya .
He had 27 formal complaints against him for racism and brutality .
Remember this case ?
There were five lawsuits against him , and he was still on the police force .
We took that money and launched a campaign to get him removed from the San Francisco police department .
We went through hell .
We went through three hearings , we went through ups and downs , but at the end of that summer , the San Francisco police department fired Mark Andaya .
It was a huge breakthrough .
Suddenly we went from being these kids in the closet to being the people who'd really gotten something done in the community .
And , we were broke again !
Because we forgot to write grants .
We 're just fighting , just out there , just broke and ignorant — but passionate !
But we 'd already had two miracles .
We were still there , and we 'd gotten this guy who had killed two people out of our community .
There was an African - American woman at a prestigious local foundation who 'd listened to us on the radio , had seen us on TV , had heard about what we were trying to do .
I 'd sent her a letter letting her know that we'd like to apply for a grant , but we did n't get a chance to , we 'd missed the deadline , and please , please ... " Mercy ? " This woman said " You know , I 've been working at this foundation for a long time , and I 've been waiting for someone to come out of the community , out of the neighborhood , who was really willing to do what it takes to make a difference .
I do n't have any more discretionary money .
But I do have the $ 40,000 that we 've always given to the symphony ...
And we 're going to give it to you .
" Miracles .
Now , she no longer works there .
But she is well taken care of at another foundation ... We just kept on , and kept on , and kept on .
If at any moment we had gotten too rational , if at any moment we 'd actually done the math on how many foundations are committed to this thing and that thing , we would n't be here at all .
You have a dream inside yourself , and it's an impossible dream .
That 's why the creator gave it to your crazy ass .
If it was easy , She 'd have given it to somebody else .
So let 's talk about your impossible dream .
You need some miracles .
Good luck with that .
But I can give you , as a 10 - year veteran , my five counter - intuitive and probably immoral success secrets .
People say , " Van , you 're a shameless self - promoter .
We 're disgusted with your shameless self - promotion ! "
And I say , " Au contraire , my friend .
I am not a shameless self - promoter .
I am a proud self promoter .
" Because I 'm proud of the work we 're doing .
I 'm proud of the people on our team .
I 'm proud of the fights we take on .
I 'm proud there are still people coming out of law school who are willing to take on these crazy crusades .
If I do n't tell the story , if I do n't share the victory , if I do n't share the lessons — who will ?
We have a simple theory about how we built this organization , and the only thing it requires is you 've got to be willing .
We call it the three - M conversion : Mobilization , Media , Money .
If you 're serious about scaling an organization that 's small , with a marginal constituency , doing very difficult stuff , you 've got to mobilize .
You 've got to do something !
You 've got to take on a fight , you 've got to help somebody .
You 've got to get something done .
But too many of us stop there , and then we wonder why the support that we need does n't come .
We get bitter , and we get angry , and we look at the group over there that has two more dollars than we do , and we start making them the enemy , and start this whole competitive thing , and start in - fighting , and it just depresses everybody .
Then some poor intern comes to work for you .
They see all this drama and all this crazy stuff , and they say " I was just trying to help the poor !
I did n't know I was joining an armed faction !
" So let 's just de-mystify this whole thing .
Do good stuff — mobilize resources , do something — and then , media .
Write a press release , think about how to get some coverage .
A lot of times , people do n't want to cover our stuff ?
That 's fine .
Take the photo your damn self !
Video cameras are small and cheap .
Record your meeting , interview your people ...
Document your passion .
Document the people that you 've helped .
Document what you 're doing so you can show it to somebody who was n't there .
That 's a critical step , and we forget , do n't we ?
We get so passionate about , " The meeting 's going to be at 4:00 , we 've got to have the kids and the pizza ... "
When we get finished , we 're so tired we go home ...
And there 's not one single photograph .
You might 've served 10,000 people and do n't have one photograph , while the person next door served 20 , and has a glossy manual .
And you know who you 're mad at ?
Them !
You could 've had a glossy manual ...
But you 're mad at them , and now we 've got drama .
Document , and then take that documentation to people who have money .
People say , " Aw , I do n't want to deal with the fund - raising .
It 's not about the money to me . "
Obviously it 's not about the money for you , you 're working for a non-profit !
But people who have means and who have discretionary income and who have different types of financial instruments want to be helpful , and they want to be engaged — but they do n't live in your neighborhood !
By definition , they do n't .
They need some help understanding the situation .
That 's the media part , the documentation .
You have to get as passionate about talking to the people with as you are talking to the people without .
Because we need each other , and you 're the bridge person .
If you were just desperate and needing of services and help , you would n't be working at a not - for - profit .
If you were a gazillionaire , you probably also would n't be working at a non-profit .
So you are the person whose job it is to bring the haves and the have - nots together .
And you have to be passionate about that .
Yeah , somebody will say " You self promote !
You 're self - promoting ! "
Fine , and proudly so !
Get that out of your mind as a barrier , and look at the service you can provide by documenting your work .
Steal !
I do n't mean steal money .
Steal ideas !
Talk to other people who do n't work on your project .
If you go to New York to see your friends or your parents , look up the other groups working in a similar area and say hello .
If you can't meet with the executive director , that 's good , because if the organization is more than five years old the executive director has no idea what 's going on anyways .
Talk to the program officer , the deputy director , the receptionist — and steal ideas .
And grab onto people that you stole the ideas from .
If you go overseas , make sure to visit some of the non-governmental organizations in other countries .
It 's amazing how many problems have already been solved that you 're still stewing in and suffering through .
Our first two years , 100 % of all of the paperwork we had for checking in people and interviewing them we 'd stolen from a similar project in Los Angeles .
I went down there , I 'd knocked on their door , I said hello , I told them what we were trying to do ...
They were very friendly , and said , " This is our paperwork , " and I said " Thank you ! "
I got a Bic pen — remember , I told you we were broke ? — and wrote on the top of it , " Bay Area Police Watch . "
And then we photocopied that thing for two years !
So you 've got to be willing to steal .
And people love it !
People will brag about it , saying " Well you know , we 're now the thought leaders in the field .
Our model is being replicated . "
So it 's good for them .
So I 'm not saying anything immoral yet .
This is for real .
There is something about the relationship between the not - for - profit sector , the government , the foundations , and the donors that creates a massive incentive to lie — flagrantly , and often .
And it 's not just a one - sided thing .
The relationship between not - for - profits and foundations is like the relationship between teenagers and parents .
You do n't really want to tell them everything that 's going on , and they do n't really want to know .
So there 's this dance of deceit , shall we say .
And the parents say " Good !
So glad to hear that ! "
Because they do n't want to know .
And so what do you say ?
And what was there left to say ?
" Good ! Good ! "
They do n't want to know about the youth in your program that cussed you out and set the building on fire .
They do n't want to know that you hired somebody once again who was a complete idiot .
They do n't want to know , and you do n't want to tell them , and therefore we all stay very ignorant .
Then the actual innovation curve has flattened out , because nobody 's telling the truth about what we 're going through any more .
We 're all self - deceiving and trying to make it look good .
At the Ella Baker Center , we adopted a reporting form that freaked out our board and advisors .
It was very simple : highlights , low lights , and lessons learned .
We created a discipline in the organization that we would report out the bad stuff .
First of all , everybody knows the bad stuff anyway , because the person you fired is talking right now , so it 's not like it 's not out there .
But did you learn anything ?
Program officers at foundations , donors , and philanthropists are just inundated with lying , false crap .
And they know they 're being lied to .
If you took all your annual reports and just read them end to end , you 'd have to conclude that we 're now living in a socialist paradise .
Everything 's going well , people are being served , and all the children are happy .
And then you look at any newspaper , and it 's very clear that we might be fudging a bit .
So my experience has been that donors and program officers love to actually get the truth .
They do n't punish you for it if you learned something .
I think if all of us started to confess a little bit more , we would learn a little bit faster .
if you must , but love your rivals — and know the difference .
Your enemies are people like Nazis , okay ?
Your enemies are people who want to do you bodily harm , who hate you , and who are actively plotting your demise , with weapons .
Just about everybody else that you do n't get along with is probably a rival .
They run an organization and you run an organization , or they have a department and you have a department .
Or they have a cubicle , and you have a cubicle .
And you just do n't get along .
You do n't see eye to eye , there 's some jealousy , you have different communication patterns .
Their mom was this way , your dad was that way — you 're working it out .
But we turn those minor differences into adversarial wars .
It 's fine to hate your enemies if you must .
Jesus , Gandhi , other people would argue with you , but if you insist , fine .
Hate your enemies .
But most of the people you see every day are not your enemy .
I 've got emotional scars and damage from being in this work , and I 've never even met a Republican !
Even with people who fundamentally agree with everything I think , we just fight and hurt each other and say mean things , and think mean thoughts .
All the time !
That 's called the movement .
That 's called the progressive community , right ?
I want to make the case that we should actually love our rivals , and we should develop a discipline about bragging on our rivals .
One group does n't like us very much at all .
I started talking about them first at every funder meeting .
" I 'm so happy to be here .
Before I tell you about our work , have you heard about X group ?
They 're doing extraordinary work .
They did this last year , they did this this year .
If you do n't know about them , I want to make sure you know about them before the meeting 's over .
Now let me tell you about what we 're doing ...
" I developed the discipline in my own mind that I was going to brag on my rivals .
I was going to love them , I was going to learn from them .
I was going to try to figure out what it was that I could do differently in the relationship .
I want to report that it has made no difference , at all , in the way they treat me .
But it 's made a tremendous difference in the way that other people view our organization and the way that we view ourselves .
We 're lighter .
Love your rivals .
When I first came into this movement , we named the organization after a woman named Ella Baker , a civil rights heroine from the sixties .
Ella Baker said many , many wise things .
One of the things that caught on was something she said in a moment of frustration .
Some civil rights workers had been murdered — two Jews and a black — and while they were trying to find these civil rights workers , they kept coming up with body after body after body of black men that had been lynched and drowned down through the ages .
The media kept saying , " Well , that 's interesting but what about the two white kids ? "
She got frustrated , and she said in that moment of frustration — and it did n't represent her life , but she said " We who believe in freedom can not rest .
We who believe in freedom cannot rest until all mothers ' children are honored .
" It 's rung down through the decades since she said that .
I just drank the Kool - Aid on that .
" We who believe in freedom can not rest .
We can not rest .
We can not rest .
We cannot ... "
And I hurt myself .
Physically , emotionally , psychologically , spiritually .
I really hurt myself .
July 17 , 2000 , I had a complete emotional , physical , psychological breakdown .
I literally could not get out of bed .
I 'd gone for years without — I would sleep with my clothes on , and the lights on , books all around me on the bed .
I never took a vacation .
For years it never occurred to me to take a vacation .
Something just popped in my brain .
It was almost audible .
I was in deep trouble .
I 'd been in all these coalition meetings , and it occurred to me that over the past couple years , in every meeting I 'd been surrounded by idiots .
I had to deal with them , and point out their flaws , and stop them from wreaking havoc , and ...
I was burning out , and I did n't know it .
I had to take about two years of counseling , therapy , learning to go to the gym — things I 'd just never done — just to be able to get back to doing this work .
My dad was an alcoholic , so I 'd said , " Well I 'm not going to do that , " but then I was into this workaholism thing .
I pulled out of it , and when I came back I saw that it was just everywhere .
So what I want to say to you , very clearly , is that you have emotional needs .
You have physical needs .
You need to get them taken care of outside of this work .
You need to have something outside of this work where you go for re-charging , where you talk to people who do n't do this kind of work , so you can keep it in perspective .
So when you go into those board meetings and you go into those coalition things , you 're coming with something .
We who believe in freedom have to rest .
We have to rest .
Our country is in a difficult situation now .
We 're facing difficult days .
You 're the people who are the reserve strength of the country .
You 're this nascent , pro-democracy movement trying to revive the best in the United States .
It 's important that you see yourselves in that way .
We tend in our movement to forget who we are .
The legacy that we 're carrying out , the shoes that we 're standing in , the call that we 're answering .
Dr. Martin Luther King never gave a speech called " I Have ... A Complaint . "
That was n't his speech .
The brother had a dream .
And you have dreams .
You have big , beautiful dreams .
You will not be able to meet them alone .
You need friends , you need solidarity , you need partnership , you need a movement .
But in a difficult period like the one that we 're in right now , that 's when there 's opportunities for she - roes and heroes to step forward .
People remember Roosevelt and Churchill and those guys because Hitler made it an awful , hard decade for them , and they rose to that .
It 's the same with every other hero and she - ro .
This is a time for heroes .
This is a time for she - ros .
I want you to be the people who in the difficult times stood up for the best in this country , who said " We are willing to say that we 'll defend America 's freedoms . "
Who will say that the people who want to tear up the Constitution at the first opportunity are not the patriots .
The patriots are the people who are willing to defend America 's freedoms , the people who are willing to defend people 's freedom to marry who they want to , and divorce who they want to .
We 're the people who are willing to say America should be number one in the world .
But not in war .
Not in pollution .
Not in incarceration rates .
America should be number one in the world in green and clean technology , in solar power , in bio - diesel , in sharing those beautiful things with the world .
We should be number one in showing how a rainbow nation — multi-colored , multi-class , multi-hued , multi-language — can come together and fix real problems , and show a rainbow planet how it 's done .
That 's who we should be .
I believe if we do our work in that spirit , with that knowledge , with that commitment , we will build the kind of pro-democracy movement that will get past left and right , past black and white and yellow and every other color , and get back down to the very basics of who we are as people .
People who believe , people who stand for something .
People who understand that at the end of the day , when it 's all said and done , our love , our hope , our faith , and our commitment , is stronger than a bomb from anybody .
1
n
s
i
s
> seq1 this is the description of my first sequence
AAT
> seq2 this is the description of my second sequence
ATG
> seq3 neat !
TGC
> seq4 this is a pretty simple string of base !
TTT
for
line in open ( fastaSeqFilePath , 'r ' ) .readlines ( ) :
FastaSequence
FastaSequence
seq = [ s.getSequence( ) for s in listOfSeqs ] ;
findPairWithMaxOverlap ()
getMatches ()
1
2
1
2
2
2
reading sequences ...
> seq1 this is the description of my first sequence
AAT
> seq2 this is the description of my second sequence
ATG
> seq3 neat !
TGC
> seq4 this is a pretty simple string of base !
TTT
finding a Pretty Short super String ..
AATGTTTGC
finished .
After reading through the excellently written Dive Into Python , the next step was to write something a bit more involved than standard ' hello world ' toy - programs .
Combining two nascent interests , learning Python and computational biology , I decided to write up some code to solve a rather simple Bioinformatics problem , the Shortest Supersequence problem .
This sort of approach can be used as a naive means of approximating DNA sequences .
The problem is stated as follows : given a set of strings s , ... , s , find the shortest stringsuch that each sappears as a substring of Please note that this is really the first semi-substantial amount of Python I 've ever written , and , as such , I 'm sure there are a number of things I could have expressed more succiently ( any comments containing syntactically - ( or algorithmically - ) improved versions of the code here would be appreciated ) .
The first thing to consider is piping in the input .
There is a wonderfully pithy standard for listing gene sequences called FASTA .
The format includes a single '>' character followed by a one line descriptor for the sequence , followed by the sequence itself .
Here is what my FASTA file looks like : I decided to roll - my - own FASTA parser , to help me get the hang of I/O in Python .
Here is the listing for my method that parses out FASTA formatted sequences from files .
The most amazing line to me here is : I 'm primarily a Java developer , and while I 'm not jumping on the all - too - fashionable " Java sucks ! " bandwagon just yet , you certainly do not get this sort of brevity in J2EE .
The machinery it takes to read a file line by line in Java is admittedly rather bloated .
What immediatly attracts me about Python is that it expresses complex things succinctly and that it reads like psuedo - code .
Note that I buildobjects as I go , handing off parametrically the one - line description and the base sequence to the constructor .
Here is the code for FastaSequence .
py : Now I 've got a collection ofobjects ; the next step is to build the superstring .
Here is where I cheat a little .
Finding the shortest substring is a known NP - Hard problem .
While there are some pretty - efficient algorithms for optimal solutions , they are quite involved and so here I employed the relatively straight - forward Greedy approach ; finding and merging the pair of sequences with the highest amount of overlap , removing both strings from the list , and repeating until no strings remain .
Unfortunately , this is not always going to be optimal , but it will be pretty good ( notice the method name ) .
In fact , there is an upper limit ; it will be no ' worse ' than 2.75 x the optimal solution ( and usually it does much better ) .
Notice the list - mapping line : Being able to express a list transformation so naturally is again indicative of Python 's pithiness ( perhaps more pertinently it 's ' Pythiness ' ?
Sorry . )
Now , arguably loading up all the sequences into objects was unnecessary ( I told you that I 'm primarily a Java developer ! ) and it's true that passing around the base strings would have been adequate here , but it 's certainly possible ( likely ? ) that you would want access to descriptor strings somewhere down the line .
I 've left a few things out , the code for , for instance , and why it returns a 3 - tuple .
Here is the code : returns a tuple [ numChars , s , s ] where numChars is the number of characters that match in sand s , starting at s [ 0 ] and ending at s[numChars ] .
That 's it , really .
We can slap the whole thing together and run it on the sample file listed above .
And we get the output :
This is the sort of output we would expect .
The take - home here is that I 'm very positive about Python , it is very intuitive and it 's syntax feels very natural .
PyPI opensearch plugin for Firefox
You can add the PyPI search engine into Firefox or Iceweasel from this page :
just open your search plugin list and click on " Add Python Package Index " .
The FBI stopped by and asked a few questions for a background check as part of your citizenship process .
I am glad you are finally taking the plunge .
I informed him you are an excellent worker and an all around conscientious human being .
All in all a great future American !
Oh - and the laughs I had with the FBI .
When asked about any outside activities I answered , " Well - there 's Al Qaida " .
I laughed and laughed .
The FBI guy still looked serious , but I know he was cracking up inside .
Back in the old Illinois Leader days , I wrote an article on good vs. evil .
This article grew out of a conversation I had with a Scandinavian co-worker of mine , who I called Sven .
Today , I present some emails sent between Sven and I .
The correspondence takes place during a trip Sven recently took .
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , June 09 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
George ,
Thanks so much for the good word with the Federal Government .
I can't wait to start my new life as an American !
The FBI also came and saw me .
I think they are rewarding me , because of your wonderful reference .
We are flying south ; I bet they are sending me to Cozumel for a wonderful vacation .
Thanks !
I really owe you for this .
Sven
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , June 10 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Sven ,
Ahh , I did some checking .
Did your tour director say Cozumel , or Guantanamo ?
George
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , June 11 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Come to think of it , he did mention something about torture ...
I thought he was referring to the beer .
Could there be more to this ?
I better get in touch with the Norwegian consulate ...
Darn ! , no cellphone coverage overseas ...
Well , I guess I 'll have to rely on you then , my friend .
Will you get in touch with the Norwegian King for me and let him know I need a favor ???
Buddy ?
Hello ?
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , June 18 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Sorry this took a week , but I needed a haircut , and then I found a wonderful new restaurant that I took the family to .
Boy , did we laugh about this little mix up , over dinner .
Then I just , kinda of forgot .
But I did get a 5 - minute slot on the phone with the king - I 'll let you know how that goes .
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , June 11 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
George ,
Please hurry - the accommodations here are sparse , and my fellow vacationers speak neither Norwegian nor English .
I feel quite alone .
Oh , and the staff at the resort seems a bit on edge ...
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , June 18 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
I tried my best , but my Norwegian is not good .
I thought I was saying " My Liege , Sven needs your immediate assistance ! "
But it actually translated to " Hey Dummy - Sven renounces both you and Norway ! "
Boy was he mad !
George
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , June 19 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
You know , I do n't think that is going to help .
But I 'm fine .
I just got an email from a Barrister in Nigeria .
He let me know a distant relative has just left me millions of dollars , so I 'll just bribe myself out of prison .
Ha !
Bet you 're envious now !
Sven
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , June 20 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
No worries - since I got you to sign that power of attorney when we worked together , I have added the Barrister to all your bank accounts , the title on your car , and also your house .
As always I have your best interests at heart .
Btw , I just tried calling the barrister to resolve your Cuban vacation .
His number is disconnected .
Very strange ...
Hows Cuba ?
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , June 21 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Cuba is rather muggy right now ...
But they have free
Health care !!
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , June 22 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Sven ,
Muggy , huh ?
I heard about a local activity down there , which sounds like it might cool you off some .
Ask the resort director if you can ride the water board .
I think that might help
-----Original Message-----
From : Sven
Sent : Friday , July 19 , 2007
To : George Dienhart
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
George ,
It has been an eventful month .
I asked to ride the water board , and most of memories stop there .
I 'm not sure why , but the concierge took away my shoes and gave me slippers - I am glad that they are trying to make me comfortable , but this place could use air conditioning .
Sven
-----Original Message-----
From : George Dienhart
Sent : Friday , July 22 , 2007
To : Sven
Subject : RE : Congrats , future American !
Sven ,
Good to hear the accommodations are a little better .
I have talked to Norwegian embassy , but they currently deny you exist .
I have an appointment with some one at homeland security .
They said that due to your cooperation on the water board , you will soon be able to leave Guantanamo .
They have promised to move you closer to Norway !
Somewhere in Eastern Europe I believe .
A note to readers .
Please bear in mind that this is a parody .
While I am rarely pro torture concerning innocent Norwegians , I am pro do whatever you have to get the bad guys to talk .
Especially if American lives are at stake .
Put me down as a pro Guantanamo and Pro water board pundit , albeit with a slightly twisted sense of humor ...
SUNY 's new COVID protocols :
What could get you kicked out
“ Google is running a unique viral video campaign aimed at creative GMail users that want to help put together a behind - the - scenes look at how a message gets to and from a GMail account .
Just download the red envelope , come up with a creative idea , shoot it and upload it by August 13th . ”
A 2,000 word article , Seven CIA Veterans Challenge 9/11 Commission Report , appeared September 23 , 2007 in OpEdNews .
( Link provided below . )
The article details severe criticism of the 9/11 Commission Report by seven CIA veterans and calls for a new investigation .
Here follows a brief quote or two from several of the individuals whose testimony is included in the article :
Ray McGovern , former Chairman of the National Intelligence Council and 27 - year CIA veteran : " The 9/11 Report is a joke . "
“ It has long been clear that the Bush - Cheney administration cynically exploited the attacks of 9/11 to promote its imperial designs .
. .
( And there is ) evidence for an even more disturbing conclusion : that the 9/11 attacks were themselves orchestrated by this administration precisely so they could be thus exploited . ”
William Christison , former National Intelligence Officer ( NIO ) and former Director of the CIA 's Office of Regional and Political , and 29 - year CIA veteran : " We very seriously need an entirely new , very high level , and truly independent investigation of the events of 9/11 .
I think you almost have to look at the 9/11 Commission Report as a joke and not a serious piece of analysis at all . "
“ The North and South Towers of the World Trade Center almost certainly did not collapse and fall to earth because hijacked aircraft hit them . ”
Robert Baer , 21 - year CIA veteran and specialist in the Middle East , was awarded the Career Intelligence Medal upon his retirement in 1997 .
During an interview by Thom Hartmann , Baer , after commenting on the financial profits being made from 9/11 , was asked : “ What about political profit ?
There are those who suggest that someone in ( the U.S. ) chain of command had pretty good knowledge that 9/11 was going to happen -- and really did n't do much to stop it -- or even obstructed efforts to stop it because they thought it would lend legitimacy to Bush 's failing presidency . ”
Baer replied : “ Absolutely . ”
Hartmann then asked , “ So you are personally of the opinion that there was an aspect of ' inside job ' to 9/11 within the U.S. government ? "
To which Baer replied , " There is that possibility , the evidence points at it . "
When Hartmann continued , " And why is this not being investigated ? ”
Baer replied , " Why is n't the WMD story being investigated ?
Why has n't anybody been held accountable for 9/11 ?
We held people accountable after Pearl Harbor .
Why has there been no change in command ?
Why have there been no political repercussions ?
Why has there not been any sort of exposure on all this ?
It really makes you wonder . "
Robert David Steele has 25 years of combined service in the CIA and the U.S. Marine Corps .
Second ranking civilian in U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence from 1988 - 1992 .
Member of the Adjunct Faculty of Marine Corps University .
His comment : " I am forced to conclude that 9/11 was at a minimum allowed to happen as a pretext for war .
" I 'm absolutely certain that WTC 7 was brought down by controlled demolition .
There 's no way that building could have come down without controlled demolition . "
http://www.opednews.com/maxwrite/print_friendly.php?p=genera_alan_mil_070922_seven_cia_veterans_c.htm
Additional statements questioning the official account of 9/11 , and calls for a new investigation , by hundreds of high - level military officers ( now retired ) and other highly - credible individuals , can be found at http://PatriotsQuestion911.com
Here ’s some of the evidence that prompts them to call for a new investigation :
20 - ton sections of steel beams were propelled , laterally , for a distance of up to 400 feet where they lodged in the sides of nearby buildings .
( See video footage of this at www.ae911truth.org .
Molten metal was seen ( and videotaped ) gushing out the side of one of the twin towers .
( Why is this significant ?
Jet fuel burns at 1800 degrees Fahrenheit while office furniture , rugs and computers burn at an even lower temperature .
Iron and steel do n’t vaporize until their temperature gets close to 4000 degrees F .
So what does burn at a temperature capable of vaporizing steel ?
Incendiary compounds known as thermate and thermite , which burn at 4500 degrees F .
See more about this later in this article . )
Various explosions ( some quite powerful ) were seen , heard and felt by hundreds of people , including many firemen and policemen , prior to the collapse of the twin towers , but occurred well after the airliners collided with the buildings .
Huge numbers of extremely tiny iron spherules ( formed when steel or iron vaporizes at extremely high temperatures ) can be found in most of the 9/11 dust samples .
( more evidence for thermite )
Many column sections seen in the wreckage of the twin towers were cut at 45 - degree angles , and have , close to the cut lines , previously - melted ' drippings ' produced when the steel was melted at a temperature much higher than can be produced by an acetylene torch .
This kind of angle cut can be used to direct the falling beam inward .
Source for the above information is www.ae911truth.org , which is the web site of an investigative organization whose 200 + members are all either professional architects or professional engineers .
If there were no high - powered explosives detonated inside the twin towers , as the official explanation contends , then defenders of that official explanation must provide us with an alternate theory as to how those column and / or beam sections got embedded in the sides of buildings that were 400 feet away .
( The compressed air created by floors collapsing one upon the other could provide nowhere near the energy required to propel a 20 - ton beam or column section that far . )
In addition , defenders of the official explanation must provide us with a plausible fuel source for the temperatures approaching 4000 degrees F. which would have been necessary to vaporize parts of many of the steel beam remnants found in the wreckage .
The evidence for incendiary cutting of steel consists of the video evidence , the forensic evidence in the dust and rubble , and the testimony of eyewitness early responders and survivors who saw glowing molten metal flowing out of window openings .
These incendiary events and the forensic evidence strongly suggest that the official story is wrong .
The chemistry of the iron - aluminum - rich microspheres that are found in the dust from the rubble , the chemical content of these microspheres suggest that the official story is wrong .
http://www.journalof911studies.com/volume/200704/JLobdillThermiteChemistryWTC
So when could the explosives and incendiary materials have been planted ?
The official record shows that various floors of each of the twin towers were completely closed off ' for repairs , ' for days at a time .
Monitoring TV cameras on these floors were disconnected .
http://georgewashington.blogspot.com/2005/11/how-could-they-plant-bombs-in-world.html .
Owner Larry Silverstein was perhaps in on the deal .
Why suspect this ?
Well , for one thing he received a fabulous insurance settlement , after purchasing the WTC complex just weeks earlier under unusual circumstances .
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/silverstein.html .
The terrorist attack on the twin towers saved him the immense expense of having the towers demolished in the conventional way .
( The towers had many structural problems .
Two applications to have the buildings demolished were submitted by the previous owners because of the advanced galvanic corrosion that was taking place at each of the thousands of joints where aluminum parts were mistakenly put in tight contact with steel structural members . )
http://redlineav.com/tsg.deposition.contd.2.html
There is plenty of evidence to suggest that explosives and incendiary compounds might have been planted at strategic locations within the Twin Towers .
For example :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Make America Think Again ! - Share Pat's Columns ...
by Patrick J. Buchanan
“ Inaction at this moment is suicide for Pakistan , and I cannot allow the country to commit suicide . ”
Thus did President Gen. Pervez Musharraf declare a state of emergency and invoke martial law .
The Supreme Court has been dismissed , the chief justice put under house arrest .
A thousand lawyers and political opponents have been incarcerated .
Human rights organizations have been shut down .
Independent news media have been silenced .
Musharraf has effected a second coup , the first being his takeover in 1999 .
Doing so , he invoked Abraham Lincoln : “ By general law life and limb must be protected ; yet often a limb must be amputated to save a life . ”
Indeed , Lincoln , too , impeded elections in Maryland , ordered Chief Justice Roger Taney arrested , shut newspapers , suspended habeas corpus , arrested thousands who sympathized with the South ’s right to independence and ordered a blockade of Southern ports .
What has been the reaction of the great evangelist of Wilsonian democracy in the White House to its suspension in Pakistan ?
Military aid to the regime and army will continue .
Welcome to the real world , where state interests always trump ideology .
The “ world democratic revolution ” and the Second Bush Inaugural goal of “ ending tyranny in our world ” have been put on the shelf .
For what is at issue is more critical than whether Musharraf is dictator or democrat .
Pakistan , a nation of 170 million with nuclear weapons , is up for grabs .
And the major contenders are not democrats .
On one side is Musharraf and loyal elements of the army , police and intelligence services .
On the other are radicals with guns disloyal soldiers , pro-Taliban militia , al - Qaida sympathizers and suicide bombers .
Such folks do not settle quarrels at ballot boxes .
The crisis in Pakistan brings home the reality the Bushites have ignored in their ideological crusades .
For in the Pakistan crucible we see starkly who our real enemies are , whence the true dangers come and where our vital interests lie .
Musharraf is , as were Franco , Pinochet and the shah in the Cold War , a flawed friend and an enemy of our enemy .
If he falls , any democratic successor , like Benazir Bhutto , would not likely long survive al - Qaida and the suicide bombers who already tried to kill her .
What is happening in Pakistan exposes , too , the limits of U.S. power and the failure of President Bush , because of the democratist ideology to which he converted after 9/11 , to see clearly the real dangers to his country .
Our enemy was always al - Qaida .
It was never Iraq .
And it is not Iran , at whom the GOP candidates are all braying their bellicosity .
After 9/11 , those who viewed the horror and asked , “ Why do they hate us ? ” were hooted down as unpatriotic .
We were told Muslim militants hate us because we are free , democratic and good , and they are evil .
Americans can no longer afford to indulge this ideological claptrap .
We are hated not because of who we are , but because of what we do .
Nowhere is that more true than in Pakistan .
A loyal ally in the Cold War , Pakistan served as a strategic base camp for the Mujahedeen , who used U.S. mortars and Stinger missiles to run the Red Army out of Afghanistan .
Then we dumped Pakistan to court her adversary , India .
Millions of Muslims now no longer see America as the beacon of liberty , but as an arrogant superpower with a huge footprint in their world , dictating to their regimes .
Instead of bringing our troops home after our Cold War and Gulf War victories , we moved permanently into Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and the Gulf .
Then we attacked a Muslim nation , Iraq , that had neither attacked us nor threatened us , to impose our system upon it .
Like the British , French and Russians before us , we are seen as imperialists , and shall be so seen and so hated until we get our troops out of their world .
Finally , we are despised for our toxic culture and our uncritical support of the Israelis , who are viewed as the persecutors and robbers of the land and dignity of the Palestinian people .
Why can not we see ourselves as others see us ?
Pakistan reveals , too , the limits of military power .
With an army of 500,000 “ breaking ” from Iraq and Afghanistan , we lack the forces to wage any more wars .
And NATO is a paper army .
If Pakistan ‘s army cannot crush the Taliban and al - Qaida in its western provinces , and now in its cities , how can America do it , if Musharraf falls ?
How can the Afghan war ever be won , if the Taliban and al - Qaida enjoy a permanent privileged sanctuary from which to launch forays into Afghanistan ?
With the end of the Cold War , America needed a strategist of the caliber of George Kennan .
But we got George Bush , Condi and the neocons , with their messianic vision of global democracy brought about through an endless series of cakewalk wars .
Pakistan brings us back to Earth .
Share this : Telegram
Pocket
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Not content with spying on other countries , the NSA ( National Security Agency ) will now turn on the US 's own government agencies thanks to a fresh directive from president George Bush .
Under the new guidelines , the NSA and other intelligence agencies can bore into the internet networks of all their peers .
The Bush administration pulled off this spy expansion by pointing to an increase in the number of cyber attacks directed against the US , possibly from foreign nations .
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) will spearhead the effort around identifying the source of these attacks , while the Department of Homeland Security and Pentagon will concentrate on retaliation .
The Washington Post appears to have broken the news about the new Bush - led joint directive , which remains classified .
The paper reported that the directive - National Security Presidential Directive 54 / Homeland Security Presidential Directive 23 - was signed on Jan .
8 . Earlier reports from the Baltimore Sun documented the NSA 's plans to add US spying to its international snooping duties .
The new program will - of course - drains billions of dollars out of US coffers and be part of Bush 's 2009 budget .
During Bush 's presidency , US citizens have come under an unprecedented spying regime .
In addition to upping its focus on suspected criminals , the administration permitted a system for wiretapping the phone calls of Average Joes and Janes .
The government is also funding specialized computers from companies such as Cray that can search through enormous databases at incredible speed .
Ah , if only Stalin could see us now .
The government points to cyber attacks against the State , Commerce , Defense and Homeland Security departments as the impetus for expanding the NSA 's powers .
" U.S. officials and cyber - security experts have said Chinese Web sites were involved in several of the biggest attacks back to 2005 , including some at the country 's nuclear - energy labs and large defense contractors , " the Post reported .
Critics of the new directive will point to the NSA 's ability to operate in total secrecy as cause for concern .
More troubling , however , may be the Pentagon and Homeland Security 's aspirations to hit attackers with counter - strikes .
Proving that a nation rather than a rogue set of attackers are behind a cyber attack will likely be very difficult .
In addition , the international community has yet to address the rules of cyber war in any meaningful way . ®
Cigna officers defend decision to let teenager die RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday December 25 , 2007
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Cigna HealthCare is taking heat this Christmas but is n't backing down after its decision to deny a liver transplant to a teenager afflicted with leukemia left her dead .
Nataline Sarkisyan , 17 , died last week after suffering complications following a bone marrow transplant .
Cigna had refused to cover a liver transplant the girl 's doctors had requested , dubbing it " experimental , " only to reconsider at the last minute when the girl 's parents had already decided to take her off life support .
After taking a beating in the press and on the Web , the Philadelphia - based insurance giant distributed a letter to the press Monday defending their decision .
In a letter cowritten by Cigna President David Cardani and Chief Medical Officer Dr. Jeffrey Kang , the company said they doubted the efficacy of the transplant procedure in Sarkisyan 's case .
" In this case , rather than going through our standard method of appeal , we went directly to not one , but two independent experts in the field who agreed that the procedure in question , given the patient 's particular circumstances , would not have been an effective or appropriate treatment , " they wrote , evaluating her case on " evidence - based guidelines published by independent physician and medical organizations , as well as expert scientific journals . "
Sarkisyan 's family say they will sue the insurer .
They allege Cigna twice took her off the transplant list and " purposely " waited until she was near death to approve the transplant because the firm did n't want to bear the costs of the procedure or rehabilitation following the operation .
According to the memo distributed to the press , the insurer approves " more than 90 % " of all liver transplants requested by its subscribers .
" UCLA doctors put her on a list for a liver transplant Dec. 6 and a liver became available four days later , the family said , " according to the LA Times .
" Her doctors told Cigna in a letter that patients in similar situations had a 65 % chance of living six months if they received a liver transplant . "
Cigna refused the procedure , however , dubbing it experimental .
Last Thursday , they reversed their decision , allowing the transplant to move forward even though they considered it experimental and outside the scope of her mother 's policy .
By the time news reached Sarkisyan 's family , however , the girl was already dead .
Her parents opted to take her off life support earlier that day , seeing no hope of recovery .
In the letter , Cigna 's officers said they would not comment on the family 's specific charges , saying only some of the accusations " have mischaracterized our decisions and intentions . "
" What is often misunderstood is that most health benefit plans , whether public or private , do not cover unproven and experimental treatment related to transplants or other treatments , " they wrote .
" Coverage decisions under these plans are based on the best scientific and clinical evidence available , often utilizing external experts , without consideration of cost . "
During a candlelight vigil Sunday , family attorney Mark Geragos said he had evidence Sarkisyan 's denial was part of a broader Cigna corporate policy .
" Within the last 48 hours , I received e-mails from CIGNA employees who said that this was a corporate policy - to deny , deny , deny , " Geragos said , according to CBS .
Her case made the editorial page of the Houston Chronicle Christmas day .
The headline ?
" Heartless | CIGNA 's decision to deny teen a liver transplant until it was too late highlights flaws in health care system . "
MOSCOW – As Russia has long been dubbed a hub of tech fraud , credit - card holders have been justifiably wary about using their plastic there .
Travelers have been warned that after charging a dinner to their card in Russia , that number could be copied and used even after the owner left the country .
The advice on avoiding fraud in the former Soviet Union includes only using credit cards in reputable locations and monitoring their balances .
However , even good advice may fail .
For example , a resident expat said he did monitor his balance and used his debit card only at ATMs inside Moscow banks ' offices , but still found his checking account cleaned out at Moscow ATMs when he was out of Russia .
Apart from anecdotal evidence , there are some solid reasons for switching to a paranoid " cash only " existence .
Notably , an unknown number of PIN codes giving access to credit - and debit - card accounts were stolen in mid-1999 after a security breach at a Moscow card - processing center .
Subsequently , many cardholders had their checking accounts cleaned out , in a rare example of a massive PIN theft .
These days , however , Russian banking officials argue that it is now safe to use plastic in Russia , as better antifraud mechanisms are being put into place .
Natalia Dokuchayeva , spokeswoman of Alfa - Bank , Russia 's largest private bank , said that Alfa - Bank 's ATMs and transactions are fully safe .
" Within the past year or so , Alfa - Bank has not experienced any ATM security problems at all , " she said .
Major processing companies typically decline to reveal figures on how much money is lost to fraud in Russia , citing security concerns .
Estimates of fraud amounts vary from 1 cent for every $ 100 up to 1 percent of all card transactions in Russia .
According to the Internet Fraud Complaint Center 's 2001 Internet Fraud Report ( PDF ) , Russia is at the bottom of a list of the top 10 countries for Internet fraud perpetrators , with only 0.2 percent of the identified perpetrators .
However , the endemic character of Russia 's identity theft can be clearly seen right in downtown Moscow , including Tverskaya and Mokhovaya streets .
Rows of compact discs are laid out on tables within shouting distance of the Kremlin .
These discs are full of expensive pirated programs and stolen databases .
The data include personal addresses , phone numbers and police databases of car registry , indicating how easily personal information is being stolen and traded in Russia .
All of it is technically illegal , yet the databases are on sale for 150 rubles , or about $ 5 , a disc .
Hackers ' software , including " carding generators " designed to generate and authenticate credit card numbers , is also available on vendors ' tables .
This software can also be downloaded for free .
After a bit of talk with vendors , one can be offered stolen card numbers at 1,500 rubles ( $ 50 ) for 100 .
However , in the crocodile world of identity theft , these vendors often cheat buyers , as the credit card numbers could be expired or invalid .
Other less daring vendors comment that most of the databases sold in downtown Moscow are obsolete or incomplete , hence they have little value .
Stolen credit - card numbers are also available online .
Last May ,
The New York Times reported that stolen credit - card numbers were on sale in membership - only cyberbazaars operated by people from the former Soviet Union .
According to the report , credit - card and identity theft costs the global financial system $ 1 billion or more a year .
Russia 's computer crimes include hacking , stealing credit - card numbers and software piracy .
It has been argued that the country 's hacker problem began during the Soviet era , when the authorities encouraged people to copy Western software .
As a result , a computer culture emerged in which many otherwise honest people think that copying software is no big deal .
The Russian authorities have long pledged to combat cybercrime .
Russian police recently detained a " Spider Group , " including four suspected hackers , ages 18 to 24 .
They were accused of stealing credit - card numbers and pocketing more than $ 100,000 .
The group reportedly was busted when hackers tried to use numbers from cards belonging a murdered woman , police said .
Russian police also launched an Internet project , designed to discourage potential and actual hackers .
The website warns that Russian hackers could be prosecuted on charges stipulated by four articles of Russia 's Criminal Code , notably Article 272 , " illegal access to computer information . "
However , the website 's content indicates that it has not been updated since 1998 .
On the other hand , in an unprecedented development , Russian authorities moved to protect secrets of the country ’s hackers .
Igor Tkach , an officer in the Chelyabinsk unit of the Federal Security Service , has opened a criminal case against FBI special agent Michael Schuler , official RIA news agency reported Friday , citing the FSB press service in Moscow .
Schuler is accused of " illegally accessing " Russian Web servers to gather evidence against two computer hackers from Chelyabinsk who were lured to Seattle in November 2000 .
Last April , the FSB ( KGB ’s main successor agency ) asked the U.S. Justice Department to investigate Schuler 's actions , yet no response has been received so far , according to RIA .
Vasiliy Gorshkov , 26 , and fellow hacker Alexey Ivanov , 20 , were persuaded to travel to the United States as part of an FBI undercover operation .
The hackers stole credit card information in the United States and used stolen card numbers to commit a massive fraud involving PayPal and eBay .
Their programs created associated accounts at PayPal with random identities and stolen credit cards .
Additional computer programs allowed the conspirators to control and manipulate eBay auctions so that they could act as both seller and winning bidder in the same auction and then effectively pay themselves with stolen credit cards .
In November 2000 , the FBI entered the computers in Russia where Gorshkov and Ivanov kept their data and downloaded their databases , including more than 56,000 stolen credit - card numbers .
This is why FBI ’s Schuler is now being accused of illegally entering Russian computers .
Gorshkov was convicted by a jury in October 2001 and awaits sentencing in Seattle , facing up to 100 years in prison .
Ivanov reportedly awaits trial in Connecticut , facing up to 90 years in jail .
Russian online retailers also tried to band together in an attempt to discourage cyberfraud .
Earlier this year , the Petersburg Online portal and the Continent Internet retailer , both based in Russia 's second largest city , St. Petersburg , launched a joint project against online fraud .
As a kind of counter - measure , they decided to publicize the identity of online fraudsters .
So far , the website mentioned only four persons who allegedly used someone else 's credit card data .
Therefore , attempts by law enforcement agencies and the Internet community to combat cybercrime in Russia seem to produce few practical results .
In the meantime , post - Soviet scammers are weaving a net of plastic card fraud .
By Alastair Leithead
BBC News , Kabul
The footballs angered residents in Khost
The balls showed the Saudi Arabian flag which features the Koranic declaration of faith .
The US military said the idea had been to give something for Afghan children to enjoy and they did not realise it would cause offence .
The footballs were dropped from a helicopter in Khost province .
Some displayed flags from countries all over the world , including Saudi Arabia , which features the shahada , one of the five pillars of Islam - the declaration of faith .
The balls were intended as a gift to Afghan children
The words , which include the name of Allah , are revered , and Muslims are very sensitive about where and how they can be used .
Saudi Arabia has complained to the World Cup 's ruling body in the past about the use of its flag on footballs .
Mullahs in Afghanistan criticised the US forces for their insensitivity , and around 100 people held a demonstration in Khost .
Afghan MP Mirwais Yasini said : " To have a verse of the Koran on something you kick with your foot would be an insult in any Muslim country around the world . "
A spokeswoman for the US forces in Afghanistan said they made " significant efforts to work with local leaders , mullahs and elders to respect their culture " and distributing the footballs was an effort to give a gift the Afghan children would enjoy .
" Unfortunately , " she added , " there was something on those footballs we did n't immediately understand to be offensive and we regret that as we do not want to offend . "
India 's actor John Abraham poses on the red carpet as he attends the premiere of his latest movie " No Smoking " at the Rome International Film Festival in this file photo from Oct. 24 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Dario Pignatelli
NEW DELHI , Inda ( Hollywood Reporter ) -
An Indian film will be released officially Friday in Pakistan , a first for two countries that have banned each other ’s films for more than three decades .
Mumbai - based UTV Motion Pictures ’ football drama “ Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal , ” starring top actor John Abraham and directed by Vivek Agnihotri , received clearance from the Pakistan Censor Board , making it the first Indian film to get a release in that country .
“ Goal , ” produced for 160 million rupees ( $ 4 million ) , is set in London ’s Southall - based Asian community .
The film reflects the current trend of sports films , which recently saw a hit in hockey drama “ Chak De India ” ( Buck Up India ) featuring superstar Shah Rukh Khan .
The film opens in Pakistan with 12 prints in seven cities including Karachi and Lahore .
“ We got the permission because ‘ Goal ’ is technically a U.K. production which was funded via a specially set up London - based banner , Aim Films , ” UTVMP chief operating officer Siddharth Roy Kapur said in an interview .
“ The Pakistan distribution deal with Lahore - based Eveready Pictures was worked out via our Dubai - based distributor , Al Mansoor Films .
Expectedly , there is a lot of excitement in Pakistan given the huge popularity of Bollywood stars there . ”
Kapur added that “ Goal ” has been released with 450 prints in India , with 130 overseas .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Jacob Weisberg , somewhat bizarrely , is sitting here in 2008 writing about Bush 's " compassionate conservatism " as if it 's a part of his persona that we ought to treat very seriously .
Krugman wonders
" Why are political writers still unaware that Bush ’s phrase ' compassionate conservatism ' was n’t an acceptance of the Great Society , but rather a dog- whistle to the religious right ? "
Beyond that , why are political writers still unaware that politicians deliberately lie in order to enhance the popularity of their political prospects ?
Compassionate conservatism obviously was n't just a dog - whistle , it was also deliberately designed to foster an impression of a more moderate strain of Republicanism .
And , indeed , to do that you had to toss some meat into the soup :
The following year , in 2003 , Mr. Bush pressed his case for invading Iraq and uttered the infamous 16 words ( “ The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa ” ) .
But alongside that disingenuous indictment , Mr. Bush presented Congress with a new raft of centrist - minded initiatives : $ 450 million to minister to the needs of children of prisoners , $ 600 million to treat drug addicts , $ 1.2 billion for hydrogen - powered cars , $ 10 billion in new money to fight AIDS in Africa and the Caribbean .
You need to put $ 450 million into some kind of context relative to the federal budget -- $ 450 million is tiny .
$ 450 million is the kind of budget request you make when you do n't really care about the issue at hand but are hoping to gull innumerate reporters into writing about your $ 450 million initiative as if it were roughly on par with your proposed war whose costs run three orders of magnitude higher .
Similarly with the hydrogen cars .
Spending $ 1.2 billion on hydrogen - powered cars certainly could be an element of a centrist environmental policy .
Certainly what doling out a subsidy like that suggests , logically speaking , is concern about carbon emissions and global warming .
And of course , that 's exactly the suggestion the subsidy was intended to implant but the Bush administration is n't concerned about carbon emissions and global warming at all .
They hand out tons and tons of subsidies to the oil and coal industries , they steadfastly oppose all limits to curb carbon emissions , and they act like a diplomatic wrecking ball at international conferences .
Compassionate conservatism was , in practice , nothing more than spin and a vague gesture at a higher - order justification for corruption .
It 's bad enough that the press got spun at the time , but to look backward from a Bush - critical perspective and get spun all over again is bizarre .
Look at Bush -- he used to care and now he does n't !
But no , he never cared ; what everyone can now see is what people who looked at his policies in detail and in context could see clearly back in 1999 - 2003 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Most traditional organizations have an Org Chart that looks similar to the following : Org Charts displayed in this way emphasize the ch ...
monster I hear them call the tide
Join Date : Dec 2005 Location : Perpetual Chaos Posts : 30,571
Something about those pics just does n't seem right .
Is it just the sheer size that makes me think it looks shopped ?
I assume it is n't , because what would be the point , but the turquoise seems too bright for the rest of the pics , especially in the first one .
In the second one the edges seem to have a black line around them too .
Only 13 people on a ship that size - you could avoid seeing another person for days !
__________________
The most difficult thing is the decision to act , the rest is merely tenacity Amelia Earhart
Hi !
I 'm Jonathan ‘ Wolf ’ Rentzsch : mostly a Mac and Web programmer .
This used to be my blog , but I moved it to tumblr .
Eventually I 'll rewrite my blog software in node.js and move it back here .
I 'm also on twitter and github .
Just when you think you ’ve heard all the possible far - out theories behind the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program ( HAARP ) in Alaska , leave it to the Russians to come up with one better .
Forget mind control , the Russians think HAARP is a " geophysical weapon " that ’s gonna capsize the planet .
HAARP , just by way of a reminder for those who do n’t obssessively follow its progress , is a military project that ’s supposed to study the ionosphere and " use it to enhance communications and surveillance systems for both civilian and defense purposes . "
In more recent years , the Pentagon has also expressed interest in using HAARP to mitigate the effects of high - altitude nuclear explosions .
However , HAARP ’s use of an antenna array operating in the High Frequency ( HF ) range has also prompted tons and tons of other theories about its uses , ranging from weather control to altering human behavior .
According to this article published in a Russian military journal ( and helpfully translated by the CIA - funded Open Source Center ) , HAARP is the ultimate superweapon :
Some Russian and foreign analysts argue that the US program is in effect a disguised idea of creation of an immensely powerful ray , a geophysical weapon , whose principle of operation is based on the use of means of influencing the processes which take place in the solid , liquid and gaseous layers of the Earth for military purposes .
It is possible to control the artificially created plasmoid ( localized areas of highly ionized gas – E.L. ) or a globular lightning in ionosphere by using lasers to shift the focal point of the aerials .
In other words , using enormous installations , Americans plan to bombard the sky with energy beams which , when they are reflected from ionosphere , can return back to Earth in the form of low - frequency electromagnetic waves .
The opponents of the program have quite weighty reasons not to trust the soothing statements by Americans .
" The layer of ionosphere which is excited by HAARP influences the radio and electronic equipment which is installed in the military hardware :
Fire control and guidance systems , fire adjustment equipment , navigation systems , etc .
As a result , an aircraft or a missile will be damaged if they fly through the beam , " Col Plaksin said .
And this is by far not the only consequence of implementation of the HAARP program .
Compared to , say , nuclear weapons , geophysical weapons are much more powerful .
And if , say , the beam is sent to Britain , it can make the country dysfunctional in a matter of seconds .
So , some scientists say that a group of the military who use the geophysical weapon might bring the economy of an entire country on its knees in a few years ’ time – and no one will understand anything .
The most dangerous thing is that even developers cannot say with certainty what will happen to the planet and how ionosphere will react to the attack with these rays if the system is switched to the maximum power .
As is known , ionosphere and the ozone layer protect the Earth from the deadly cosmic radiation .
The electromagnetic cannon of the HAARP system will damage ionosphere , and the cosmic radiation will be able to reach the surface of the planet .
Moreover , the effects of this know - how ( as published ) cannot be controlled , some researchers say .
Even a single use of this weapon may result in so - called trigger effect which no one will be able to stop : Earthquakes , sudden cooling on the global scale , etc .
In the opinion of Canadian scientist Rosalie Bertel , who is studying the effects of wars on the environment , intense disturbance of ionosphere may result in a release of huge masses of free electrons – so - called electron showers .
For its part , this might result in the change of electric potential of the poles and ensuing shift of the magnetic pole of the Earth .
Simply speaking , the planet will " capsize . "
So the location of the north pole will become uncertain .
Was a convicted Scottish information - technology student linked to a terrorist cell planning large - scale attacks in Ontario ?
The Scotsman reported today that 21 - year - old Mohammed Atif Siddique was convicted yesterday in the High Court of Glasgow of several terrorism offences .
According to the well - respected newspaper , security forces " feared Scotland 's first home - grown ' wannabe suicide bomber ' had been preparing to carry out a terrorist attack in Canada " .
This information was not presented in court , but emerged after Siddique was found guilty and sentenced to 15 years in prison .
Siddique was arrested on April 5 of 2006 at the Glasgow Airport as he was about to board a plane to Pakistan , the paper reported .
Siddique allegedly had connections to a group in Ontario that has been charged in connection with planning several terrorist attacks , including beheading Prime Minister Stephen Harper and attacking Parliament and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
That plot was described in a Georgia Straight cover story last year called " Osama 's Shadow " .
A Central Scotland Police official told The Scotsman that there was " no evidence that Siddique was involved in an actual terrorist plot " .
Ex-detainees sue Abu Ghraib contractor over notorious torture Jason Rhyne
Published : Tuesday December 18 , 2007
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Alleged torture victims faced no charges ; were later released More than 250 former detainees from Iraq 's notorious Abu Ghraib prison have filed an amended lawsuit against a private US military contractor they say participated in a conspiracy to commit torture .
The head of a human rights group involved in bringing the case told RAW STORY that unchecked abuses of contractors in Iraq are tantamount to a " license to kill . "
The class action lawsuit , submitted Monday to a Washington , DC , federal court , asserts that employees from contractor CACI International Inc. routinely tortured , threatened and humiliated prisoners at Abu Ghraib and other US - run facilities .
The complaint is an revised version of a suit first brought against CACI and another contractor , the Titan Corporation , in 2004 .
A US district judge in November dismissed the plaintiffs ' case against Titan in a summary judgment .
" Plaintiffs are 256 persons among the tens of thousands of persons swept up in the military raids for no reason other than shortage of military interpreters and interrogators , " the official complaint states .
" They were all eventually released without any charges being brought against them . "
According to a press release from the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , a group involved in bringing the complaint , the plaintiffs allege that they were " repeatedly sodomized , threatened with rape and harm to their family members , " by CACI personnel , and were " kept naked in their cells , chained and handcuffed to the bars of their cells , forced to wear women 's panties on their heads and bodies , subjected to electric shock , subjected to extreme heat and cold , attacked by unmuzzled dogs , subjected to serious pain inflicted on sensitive body parts , and kicked , beaten and struck . "
For its part , CACI on Wednesday dismissed the new suit as unfounded .
" CACI totally rejects and denies all of the plaintiffs ' allegations and claims in their amended legal filing of Dec. 17 , 2007 , " reads a statement from the contractor .
" These accusations and allegations in their latest and ever - changing lawsuit are a rehash of their original baseless submissions ...
The plaintiffs are attempting to prosecute the same restated , reformulated , and related claims that were frivolous when first filed and which remain to this day frivolous and maliciously false . "
CCR president Michael Ratner , however , told RAW STORY by email that the complaint was part of an attempt to hold contractors accountable for their actions .
" This suit against CACI , a private contractor , may be one of the few ways we in the US can get legal accountability for the horrendous torture that was carried on in Iraq , " he said .
" A situation where private contractors are unaccountable is like giving a license to torture . "
The former prisoners allege that two specific CACI interrogators directed the use of torture techniques so severe that Cpl. Charles Graner and Staff Sgt. Ivan Frederick -- both of whom were subsequently convicted for abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib -- refused to carry them out .
The suit purports that the employees also told US soldiers to dole out " special treatment " for some prisoners , a code for making them crawl naked over concrete until bloody and incapacitated .
In addition to the Center for Constitutional Rights , plaintiffs in the case are represented by the law firms of Burke O'Neil LLC and Akeel & Valentine , PLC .
The same legal team brought suit against private security firm Blackwater USA for firing on Iraqi civilians in a September incident .
" Hopefully , this suit -- and the precedent it will set -- will send a strong message to those who would violate fundamental rights , " Ratner told RAW STORY .
" The time is long past when we need to get off the page of torture and on to the page of rights .
We can not do so until and unless we investigate and bring to justice the torturers . "
More information about the suit is available at CCR 's website here .
I Hate the News
Some people start their day by reading The New York Times .
Others end it by watching the nightly news .
Some get it from The Daily Show .
Others download it from a variety weblogs .
Some keep up - to - the - minute by following CNN .
Others have instant news updates automatically text messaged to their phone .
But everybody seems to agree : it ’s a citizen ’s responsibility to keep up with the news .
Everybody except me .
I think following the news is a waste of time .
Some people agree with me on a small scale .
Some point out that the cable channels are obsessed with bizarre crimes that have little larger impact , that they worry too much about horse - race coverage of politics , that too much of the news is filled with PR - inserted nonsense .
But they do this because they think these are aberrations ; that underneath all this , the news is worth saving .
I simply go one step further : I think none of it is worthwhile .
Let us look at the front page of today ’s New York Times , the gold standard in news .
In the top spot there is a story about Republicans feuding among themselves .
There is a photo of soldiers in Iraq .
A stock exchange chief must return $ 100 M .
There is a concern about some doctors over - selling a nerve testing system .
There is a threat from China against North Korea .
There is a report that violence in Iraq is rising .
And there is concern about virtual science classes replacing real ones .
None of these stories have relevance to my life .
Reading them may be enjoyable , but it ’s an enjoyable waste of time .
They will have no impact on my actions one way or another .
Most people will usually generally concede this point , but suggest that there ’s something virtuous about knowing it anyway , that it makes me a better citizen .
They point out that newspapers are a key part of our democracy , that by exposing wrong - doing to the people , they force the wrong - doers to stop .
This seems to be true , but the curious thing is that I ’m never involved .
The government commits a crime , the New York Times prints it on the front page , the people on the cable chat shows foam at the mouth about it , the government apologizes and commits the crime more subtly .
It ’s a valuable system — I certainly support the government being more subtle about committing crimes ( well , for the sake of argument , at least ) — but you notice how it never involves me ?
It seems like the whole thing would work just as well even if nobody ever read the Times or watched the cable chat shows .
It ’s a closed system .
There is voting , of course , but to become an informed voter all one needs to do is read a short guide about the candidates and issues before the election .
There ’s no need to have to suffer through the daily back - and - forth of allegations and counter - allegations , of scurrilous lies and their refutations .
Indeed , reading a voter ’s guide is much better : there ’s no recency bias ( where you only remember the crimes reported in the past couple months ) , you get to hear both sides of the story after the investigation has died down , you can actually think about the issues instead of worrying about the politics .
Others say that sure , most of the stuff in the news is n’t of use , but occasionally you ’ll come across some story that will lead you to actually change what you ’ve been working on .
But really , how plausible is this ?
Most people ’s major life changes do n’t come from reading an article in the newspaper ; they come from reading longer - form essays or thoughtful books , which are much more convincing and detailed .
Which brings me to my second example of people agreeing with me on the small scale .
You ’ll often hear TV critics say that CNN ’s up - to - the - minute reporting is absurd .
Instead of saying , “ We have unconfirmed reports that — This just in !
We now have confirmed reports that those unconfirmed reports have been denied .
No , wait !
There ’s a new report denying the confirmation of the denial of the unconfirmed report . ” and giving viewers whiplash , they suggest that the reporters simply wait until a story is confirmed before reporting it and do commentary in the meantime .
But if that ’s true on a scale of minutes , why longer ?
Instead of watching hourly updates , why not read a daily paper ?
Instead of reading the back and forth of a daily , why not read a weekly review ?
Instead of a weekly review , why not read a monthly magazine ?
Instead of a monthly magazine , why not read an annual book ?
With the time people waste reading a newspaper every day , they could have read an entire book about most subjects covered and thereby learned about it with far more detail and far more impact than the daily doses they get dribbled out by the paper .
But people , of course , would n’t read a book about most subjects covered in the paper , because most of them are simply irrelevant .
But finally , I ’d like to argue that following the news is n’t just a waste of time , it ’s actively unhealthy .
Edward Tufte notes that when he used to read the New York Times in the morning , it scrambled his brain with so many different topics that he could n’t get any real intellectual work done the rest of the day .
The news ’s obsession with having a little bit of information on a wide variety of subjects means that it actually gets most of those subjects wrong .
( One need only read the blatant errors reported in the corrections page to get some sense of the more thorough - going errors that must lie beneath them .
And , indeed , anyone who has ever been in the news will tell you that the news always gets the story wrong . )
Its obsession with the criminal and the deviant makes us less trusting people .
Its obsession with the hurry of the day - to - day makes us less reflective thinkers .
Its obsession with surfaces makes us shallow .
This is not simply an essay meant to provoke ; I genuinely believe what I write .
I have not followed the news at least since I was 13 ( with occasional lapses on particular topics ) .
My life does not seem to be impoverished for it ; indeed , I think it has been greatly enhanced .
But I have n’t found many other people who are willing to take the plunge .
You should follow me on twitter here .
October 20 , 2006
" I decided to photograph this facility because as a citizen , I was concerned about ( avian flu ) , and what things were being done to protect our country , " said Simon .
Simon scheduled her visit to the Avian Quarantine Facility between trips to other limited - access research facilities to avoid cross-contamination .
Photo : Taryn Simon , courtesy of Gagosian Gallery
Rove 's eye will be on FISA vote
Take note , Democratic presidential operatives : Karl Rove will be very carefully watching the Senate floor vote on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Addressing the Republican National Committee ’s winter meeting Wednesday , Rove urged the party faithful to watch closely how the Democratic presidential front - runners , New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , vote on the issue .
“ Do they or do they not want our intelligence agencies to be listening in on conversations between terrorists in the Middle East who may be plotting to hurt America ? ”
Rove asked .
A former top adviser to President Bush , Rove is still seen as perhaps the pre-eminent Republican electoral strategist , with Beltway insiders hanging on his every word .
And while “ The Architect , ” as Bush calls him , used most of his speech to attack Clinton ’s and Obama ’s record on health care , taxes and the war in Iraq , Rove particularly homed in on FISA .
The issue cuts to the core of national security in a post - Sept. 11 world , Rove said , and he is betting that voters will favor the GOP ’s argument over concerns about trampling civil liberties raised by Democrats .
Throughout his remarks ,
Rove repeatedly referred to the FISA program as a “ terrorist surveillance program , ” unlike many Democrats , who prefer to call it “ warrantless wiretapping . ”
He urged the party officials to devise communication strategies that find “ creative and sustaining ways ” to “ talk about these contrasts . ”
Both Clinton and Obama have raised concerns about the program , indicating they ’ll not support the current version of the bill pending in the Senate , which grants immunity to the large telecom companies that assisted the government .
“ The Bush administration has blatantly disregarded Americans ’ civil liberties over the past seven years , and I simply will not trust them to protect Americans ’ privacy rights , ” Clinton said in December .
Rove also said that withdrawing immunity for telecom companies would “ effectively gut ” the program .
Despite his eager anticipation for a floor vote on the matter , Rove may have to wait .
With the temporary FISA statute set to expire Feb .
1 , Democratic leaders are mulling another extension , which could push a potential decisive vote on the matter past Election Day .
It runs !
This Storm tutorial is included in the source code at tests / tutorial .
txt , so that it may be tested and stay up to date .
Storm is packaged for Ubuntu by the Storm Team :
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:storm / ppa sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get install python - storm
Importing
Let 's start by importing some names into the namespace .
1 >>> from storm.locals import * >>> 2 >>> >>>
Basic definition
Now we define a type with some properties describing the information we 're about to map .
1 >>> class Person ( object ) : >>> ) : 2 ... __storm_table__ = " person " ... 3 ... id =
Int ( primary = True ) ... 4 ... name = Unicode ( ) ...()
Notice that this has no Storm - defined base class or constructor .
Creating a database and the store
We still do n't have anyone to talk to , so let 's define an in - memory SQLite database to play with , and a store using that database .
1 >>> database = create_database ( " sqlite : " ) >>> 2 >>> store = Store ( database ) >>> 3 >>> >>>
Three databases are supported at the moment : SQLite , MySQL and PostgreSQL .
The parameter passed to create_database ( ) is an URI , as follows :
database = create_database ( " scheme://username:password@hostname:port/database_name " )
The scheme may be " sqlite " , " postgres " , or " mysql " .
Now we have to create the table that will actually hold the data for our class .
1 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE person " >>> 2 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR ) " ) ... 3 < storm .
databases .
sqlite .
SQLiteResult object at 0 x ...> ...>
We got a result back , but we do n't care about it for now .
We could also use noresult =True to avoid the result entirely .
Creating an object
Let 's create an object of the defined class .
1 >>> joe = Person ( ) >>>() 2 >>> joe .
name = u " Joe Johnes " >>> 3 4 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( joe . id , joe .
name ) >>>%
( 5 None , u' Joe Johnes '
So far this object has no connection to a database .
Let 's add it to the store we 've created above .
1 >>> store .
add ( joe ) >>>
2 < Person object at 0 x ...> ...> 3 4 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( joe . id , joe .
name ) >>>%
( 5 None , u' Joe Johnes '
Notice that the object was n't changed , even after being added to the store .
That 's because it was n't flushed yet .
The store of an object
Once an object is added to a store , or retrieved from a store , it 's relation to that store is known .
We can easily verify which store an object is bound .
>>> Store.of ( joe ) is store True >>> Store.of( Person ( ) ) is None True
Finding an object
Now , what would happen if we actually asked the store to give us the person named Joe Johnes ?
1 >>> person = store .
find ( Person , Person . name == u " Joe Johnes " ) . one ( ) >>>== ) . ( ) 2 3 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( person .
id , person .
name ) >>>%
( 4 1 , u' Joe Johnes ' 5 6 >>> >>>
The person is there !
Yeah , ok , you were expecting it .
We can also retrieve the object using its primary key .
1 >>> store .
get ( Person , 1 ) . name >>> ) . 2 u' Joe Johnes '
Caching behavior
One interesting thing is that this person is actually Joe , right ?
We 've just added this object , so there 's only one Joe , why would there be two different objects ?
There is n't .
1 >>> person is joe >>>
2 True
What 's going on behind the scenes is that each store has an object cache .
When an object is linked to a store , it will be cached by the store for as long as there 's a reference to the object somewhere , or while the object is dirty ( has unflushed changes ) .
Storm ensures that at least a certain number of recently used objects will stay in memory inside the transaction , so that frequently used objects are not retrieved from the database too often .
Flushing
When we tried to find Joe in the database for the first time , we 've noticed that the id property was magically assigned .
This happened because the object was flushed implicitly so that the operation would affect any pending changes as well .
Flushes may also happen explicitly .
1 >>> mary = Person ( ) >>>() 2 >>> mary .
name = u " Mary Margaret " >>> 3 >>> store .
add ( mary ) >>>
4 < Person object at 0 x ...> ...> 5 6 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( mary .
id , mary .
name ) >>>%
( 7 None , u' Mary Margaret ' 8 9 >>> store . flush ( ) >>>()
10 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( mary .
id , mary .
name ) >>>%
( 11 2 , u' Mary Margaret '
Changing objects with the Store
Besides changing objects as usual , we can also benefit from the fact that objects are tied to a database to change them using expressions .
1 >>> store .
find ( Person , Person . name == u " Mary Margaret " ) . set ( name = u " Mary Maggie " ) >>>== ) . 2 >>> mary .
name >>> 3 u' Mary Maggie '
This operation will touch every matching object in the database , and also objects that are alive in memory .
Committing
Everything we 've done so far is inside a transaction .
At this point , we can either make these changes and any pending uncommitted changes persistent by committing them , or we can undo everything by rolling them back .
We 'll commit them , with something as simple as
1 >>> store . commit ( ) >>>() 2 >>> >>>
That was straightforward .
Everything is still the way it was , but now changes are there " for real " .
Rolling back
Aborting changes is very straightforward as well .
1 >>> joe .
name = u " Tom Thomas " >>> 2 >>> >>>
Let 's see if these changes are really being considered by Storm and by the database .
1 >>> person = store .
find ( Person , Person . name == u " Tom Thomas " ) . one ( ) >>>== ) . ( ) 2 >>> person is joe >>>
3 True
Yes , they are .
Now , for the magic step ( suspense music , please ) .
1 >>> store .
rollback ( ) >>>() 2 >>> >>>
Erm .. nothing happened ?
Actually , something happened .. with Joe .
He 's back !
1 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( joe . id , joe .
name ) >>>%
( 2 1 , u' Joe Johnes '
Constructors
So , we 've been working for too long with people only .
Let 's introduce a new kind of data in our model : companies .
For the company , we 'll use a constructor , just for the fun of it .
It will be the simplest company class you 've ever seen :
1 >>> class Company ( object ) : >>> ) : 2 ... __storm_table__ = " company " ... 3 ... id =
Int ( primary = True ) ... 4 ... name = Unicode ( ) ...( ) 5 ... ... 6 ... def __init__ ( self , name ) : ... ) : 7 ... self .
name = name ...
Notice that the constructor parameter is n't optional .
It could be optional , if we wanted , but our companies always have names .
Let 's add the table for it .
1 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE company " >>> 2 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR ) " , noresult = True ) ...
Then , create a new company .
>>> circus = Company ( u" Circus Inc. " ) >>> print " %r , %r " % ( circus.id , circus.name ) None , u'Circus Inc . '
The id is still undefined because we have n't flushed it .
In fact , we have n't even added the company to the store .
We 'll do that soon .
Watch out .
References and subclassing
Now we want to assign some employees to our company .
Rather than redoing the Person definition , we 'll keep it as it is , since it 's general , and will create a new subclass of it for employees , which include one extra field : the company id .
1 >>> class Employee ( Person ) : >>> ) : 2 ... __storm_table__ = " employee " ... 3 ... company_id = Int ( ) ... ( ) 4 ... company = Reference ( company_id , Company . id ) ... 5 ... ... 6 ... def __init__ ( self , name ) : ... ) : 7 ... self .
name = name ...
Pay attention to that definiton for a moment .
Notice that it does n't define what 's already in person , and introduces the company_id , and a company property , which is a reference to another class .
It also has a constructor , but which leaves the company alone .
As usual , we need a table .
SQLite has no idea of what a foreign key is , so we 'll not bother to define it .
1 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE employee " >>> 2 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR , company_id INTEGER ) " , ... 3 ... noresult = True ) ...
Let 's give life to Ben now .
1 >>> ben = store .
add ( Employee ( u " Ben Bill " ) ) >>>) ) 2 3 >>> print " %r , %r , %r " % ( ben . id , ben .
name , ben .
company_id ) >>>%
( 4 None , u' Ben Bill ' , None
We can see that they were not flushed yet .
Even then , we can say that Bill works on Circus .
1 >>> ben .
company = circus >>> 2 3 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( ben .
company_id , ben .
company . name ) >>>%
( 4 None , u' Circus Inc. '
Of course , we still do n't know the company id since it was not flushed to the database yet , and we did n't assign an id explicitly .
Storm is keeping the relationship even then .
If whatever is pending is flushed to the database ( implicitly or explicitly ) , objects will get their ids , and any references are updated as well ( before being flushed ! ) .
1 >>> store . flush ( ) >>>() 2 3 >>> print " %r , %r " % ( ben .
company_id , ben .
company . name ) >>>%
( 4 1 , u' Circus Inc. '
They 're both flushed to the database .
Now , notice that the Circus company was n't added to the store explicitly in any moment .
Storm will do that automatically for referenced objects , for both objects ( the referenced and the referencing one ) .
Let 's create another company to check something .
This time we 'll flush the store just after adding it .
1 >>> sweets = store .
add ( Company ( u " Sweets Inc. " ) ) >>>) )
2 >>> store . flush ( ) >>>() 3 >>> sweets . id >>> 4 2
Nice , we 've already got the id of the new company .
So , what would happen if we changed just the id for Ben 's company ?
1 >>> ben .
company_id = 2 >>> 2 >>> ben .
company .
name >>> 3 u' Sweets Inc. ' 4 >>> ben .
company is sweets >>>
5 True
Hah !
That was n't expected , was it ?
Let 's commit everything .
1 >>> store . commit ( ) >>>() 2 >>> >>>
Many - to - one reference sets
So , while our model says that employees work for a single company ( we only design normal people here ) , companies may of course have multiple employees .
We represent that in Storm using reference sets .
We wo n't define the company again .
Instead , we 'll add a new attribute to the class .
1 >>>
Company .
employees = ReferenceSet ( Company . id , Employee .
company_id ) >>> 2 >>> >>>
Without any further work , we can already see which employees are working for a given company .
1 >>> sweets .
employees . count ( ) >>>() 2 1 3 4 >>> for employee in sweets .
employees : >>>
5 ... print " %r , %r " % ( employee .
id , employee .
name ) ... % ( 6 ... print employee is ben ... 7 ... ... 8 1 , u' Ben Bill ' 9 True
Let 's create another employee , and add him to the company , rather than setting the company in the employee ( it sounds better , at least ) .
1 >>> mike = store .
add ( Employee ( u " Mike Mayer " ) ) >>>) )
2 >>> sweets .
employees . add ( mike ) >>> 3 >>> >>>
That , of course , means that Mike 's working for a company , and so it should be reflected elsewhere .
1 >>> mike .
company_id >>> 2 2 3 4 >>> mike .
company is sweets >>>
5 True
Many - to - many reference sets and composed keys
We want to represent accountants in our model as well .
Companies have accountants , but accountants may also attend several companies , so we 'll represent that using a many - to - many relationship .
Let 's create a simple class to use with accountants , and the relationship class .
1 >>> class Accountant ( Person ) : >>> ) : 2 ... __storm_table__ = " accountant " ... 3 ... def __init__ ( self , name ) : ... ) : 4 ... self .
name = name ... 5 6 >>> class CompanyAccountant ( object ) : >>>) : 7 ... __storm_table__ = " company_accountant " ... 8 ... __storm_primary__ = " company_id " , " accountant_id " ... 9 ... company_id = Int ( ) ...() 10 ... accountant_id = Int ( ) ...()
Hey , we 've just declared a class with a composed key !
Now , let 's use it to declare the many - to - many relationship in the company .
Once more , we 'll just stick the new attribute in the existent object .
It may easily be defined at class definition time .
Later we 'll see another way to do that as well .
1 >>>
Company .
accountants = ReferenceSet ( Company . id , >>> 2 ... CompanyAccountant .
company_id , ... 3 ... CompanyAccountant .
accountant_id , ... 4 ... Accountant . id ) ...
Done !
The order in which attributes were defined is important , but the logic should be pretty obvious .
We 're missing some tables , at this point .
1 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE accountant " >>> 2 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR ) " , noresult = True ) ... 3 ... ... 4 5 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE company_accountant " >>> 6 ... " ( company_id INTEGER , accountant_id INTEGER , " ... 7 ... " PRIMARY KEY ( company_id , accountant_id ) ) " , noresult = True ) ...
Let 's give life to a couple of accountants , and register them in both companies .
1 >>> karl = Accountant ( u " Karl Kent " ) >>> 2 >>> frank = Accountant ( u " Frank Fourt " ) >>> 3 4 >>> sweets .
accountants . add ( karl ) >>> 5 >>> sweets .
accountants . add ( frank ) >>> 6 7 >>> circus .
accountants . add ( frank ) >>> 8 >>> >>>
That 's it !
Really !
Notice that we did n't even have to add them to the store , since it happens implicitly by linking to the other object which is already in the store , and that we did n't have to declare the relationship object , since that 's known to the reference set .
We can now check them .
>>> sweets.accountants.count( )
2 >>> circus.accountants.count ( )
1
Even though we did n't use the Company Accountant object explicitly , we can check it if we 're really curious .
1 >>> store .
get ( CompanyAccountant , ( sweets . id , frank . id ) ) >>> , ( ) )
2 < CompanyAccountant object at 0 x ...> ...>
Notice that we pass a tuple for the get ( ) method , due to the composed key .
If we wanted to know for which companies accountants are working , we could easily define a reversed relationship :
1 >>>
Accountant .
companies = ReferenceSet ( Accountant . id , >>> 2 ... CompanyAccountant .
accountant_id , ... 3 ... CompanyAccountant .
company_id , ... 4 ... Company . id ) ... 5 6 >>> [ company .
name for company in frank .
companies ] >>> [ 7 [ u' Circus Inc. ' , u' Sweets Inc. ' ] 8 9 >>> [ company .
name for company in karl .
companies ] >>> [ 10 [ u' Sweets Inc. ' ]
Joins
Since we 've got some nice data to play with , let 's try to make a few interesting queries .
Let 's start by checking which companies have at least one employee named Ben .
We have at least two ways to do it .
First , with an implicit join .
1 >>> result = store .
find ( Company , >>> 2 ... Employee .
company_id == Company . id , ...== 3 ... Employee .
name .
like ( u " Ben % " ) ) ... ) ) 4 ... ... 5 6 >>> [ company .
name for company in result ] >>> [ 7 [ u' Sweets Inc. ' ]
Then , we can also do an explicit join .
This is interesting for mapping complex SQL joins to Storm queries .
1 >>> origin = [ Company , Join ( Employee , Employee .
company_id == Company . id ) ] >>>= [ == ) ]
2 >>> result = store .
using (* origin ) . find ( Company , Employee .
name .
like ( u " Ben % " ) ) >>>(* ) . ) ) 3 4 >>> [ company .
name for company in result ] >>> [ 5 [ u' Sweets Inc. ' ]
If we already had the company , and wanted to know which of his employees were named Ben , that 'd have been easier .
1 >>> result = sweets .
employees . find ( Employee .
name .
like ( u " Ben % " ) ) >>>) ) 2 3 >>> [ employee .
name for employee in result ] >>> [ 4 [ u' Ben Bill ' ]
Sub-selects
Suppose we want to find all accountants that are n't associated with a company .
We can use a sub-select to get the data we want .
1 >>> laura = Accountant ( u " Laura Montgomery " ) >>> 2 >>> store . add ( laura ) >>>
3 < Accountant ...> ...> 4 5 >>> subselect = Select ( CompanyAccountant .
accountant_id , distinct = True ) >>>
6 >>> result = store .
find ( Accountant , Not ( Accountant . id . is_in ( subselect ) ) ) >>> ) ) )
7 >>> result . one ( ) is laura >>>( ) 8 True 9 >>> >>>
Ordering and limiting results
Ordering and limiting results obtained are certainly among the simplest and yet most wanted features for such tools , so we want to make them very easy to understand and use , of course .
A code of line is worth a thousand words , so here are a few examples that demonstrate how it works :
>>> garry = store.add ( Employee ( u" Garry Glare " ) ) >>> result = store.find ( Employee ) >>> [ employee.name for employee in result.order_by(Employee.name ) ] [ u' Ben Bill ' , u'Garry Glare ' , u'Mike Mayer ' ] >>> [ employee.name for employee in result.order_by( Desc(Employee.name ) ) ] [ u' Mike Mayer ' , u'Garry Glare ' , u' Ben Bill ' ] >>> [ employee.name for employee in result.order_by(Employee.name ) [ : 2 ] ] [ u' Ben Bill ' , u'Garry Glare ' ]
Multiple types with one query
Sometimes , it may be interesting to retrieve more than one object involved in a given query .
Imagine , for instance , that besides knowing which companies have an employee named Ben , we also want to know who is the employee .
This may be achieved with a query like follows :
1 >>> result = store .
find (( Company , Employee ) , >>>( ( ) , 2 ... Employee .
company_id == Company . id , ...== 3 ... Employee .
name .
like ( u " Ben % " ) ) ... ) ) 4 5 >>> [ ( company .
name , employee .
name ) for company , employee in result ] >>> [( 6 [( u' Sweets Inc. ' , u' Ben Bill ' ) ] [ ( ) ]
The Storm base class
So far we 've been defining our references and reference sets using classes and their properties .
This has some advantages , like being easier to debug , but also has some disadvantages , such as requiring classes to be present in the local scope , what potentially leads to circular import issues .
To prevent that kind of situation , Storm supports defining these references using the stringified version of the class and property names .
The only inconvenience of doing so is that all involved classes must inherit from the Storm base class .
Let 's define some new classes to show that .
To expose the point , we 'll refer to a class before it 's actually defined .
1 >>> class Country ( Storm ) : >>> ) : 2 ... __storm_table__ = " country " ... 3 ... id =
Int ( primary = True ) ... 4 ... name = Unicode ( ) ...( ) 5 ... currency_id = Int ( ) ...( ) 6 ... currency = Reference ( currency_id , " Currency.id " ) ... 7 8 >>> class Currency ( Storm ) : >>> ) : 9 ... __storm_table__ = " currency " ... 10 ... id =
Int ( primary = True ) ... 11 ... symbol = Unicode ( ) ...() 12 13 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE country " >>> 14 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR , currency_id INTEGER ) " , ... 15 ... noresult = True ) ... 16 17 >>> store .
execute ( " CREATE TABLE currency " >>> 18 ... " ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , symbol VARCHAR ) " , noresult = True ) ...
Now , let 's see if it works .
1 >>> real = store .
add ( Currency ( ) ) >>>( ) )
2 >>> real . id = 1 >>> 3 >>> real .
symbol = u " BRL " >>> 4 5 >>> brazil = store .
add ( Country ( ) ) >>>( ) )
6 >>> brazil . name = u " Brazil " >>> 7 >>> brazil .
currency_id = 1 >>> 8 9 >>> brazil .
currency . symbol >>> 10 u ' BRL '
Questions !?
Loading hook
Storm allows classes to define a few different hooks are called to act when certain things happen .
One of the interesting hooks available is the __storm_loaded__ one .
Let 's play with it .
We 'll define a temporary subclass of Person for that .
1 >>> class PersonWithHook ( Person ) : >>> ) : 2 ... def __init__ ( self , name ) : ... ) : 3 ... print " Creating %s " % name ... 4 ... self .
name = name ... 5 ... ... 6 ... def __storm_loaded__ ( self ) : ... ) : 7 ... print " Loaded %s " % self .
name ... 8 9 10 >>> earl = store .
add ( PersonWithHook ( u " Earl Easton " ) ) >>>) )
11 Creating Earl Easton 12 13 >>> earl = store .
find ( PersonWithHook , name = u " Earl Easton " ) . one ( ) >>> ) .()
14 15 >>> store .
invalidate ( earl ) >>> 16 >>> del earl >>> 17 >>> import gc >>> 18 >>> collected = gc . collect ( ) >>>() 19 20 >>> earl = store .
find ( PersonWithHook , name = u " Earl Easton " ) . one ( ) >>> ) .()
21 Loaded Earl Easton
Note that in the first find , nothing was called , since the object was still in memory and cached .
Then , we invalidated the object from Storm 's internal cache and ensured that it was out - of - memory by triggering a garbage collection .
After that , the object had to be retrieved from the database again , and thus the hook was called ( and not the constructor ! ) .
Executing expressions
Storm also offers a way to execute expressions in a database - agnostic way , when that 's necessary .
For instance :
1 >>> result = store .
execute ( Select ( Person .
name , Person . id == 1 ) ) >>>== ) ) 2 >>> result .
get_one ( ) >>>()
3 ( u' Joe Johnes ' , ) ,)
This mechanism is used internally by Storm itself to implement the higher level features .
Auto - reloading values
Storm offers some special values that may be assigned to attributes under its control .
One of these values is AutoReload .
When used , it will make the object automatically reload the value from the database when touched .
Even primary keys may benefit from its use , as shown below .
>>> from storm.locals import AutoReload >>> ruy = store.add ( Person ( ) ) >>> ruy. name = u" Ruy " >>> print ruy.id None >>> ruy.id = AutoReload >>> print ruy.id 4
This may be set as the default value for any attribute , making the object be automatically flushed if necessary .
Expression values
Besides auto - reloading , it 's also possible to assign what we call a " lazy expression " to an attribute .
Such expressions are flushed to the database when the attribute is accessed , or when the object is flushed to the database ( INSERT / UPDATE time ) .
For instance :
1 from storm.locals import SQL 2 3 >>> ruy .
name = SQL ( " ( SELECT name || ?
FROM person WHERE id=4 ) " , ( " Ritcher " , ) ) >>> , ( , ) ) 4 >>> ruy .
name >>> 5 u' Ruy Ritcher '
Notice that this is just an example of what may be done .
There 's no need to write SQL statements this way , if you do n't want to .
You may also use class - based SQL expressions provided in Storm , or even not use lazy expressions at all .
Aliases
So now let 's say that we want to find every pair of people that work for the same company .
I have no idea about why one would want to do that , but that 's a good case for us to exercise aliases .
First , we import ClassAlias into the local namespace ( mental note : this should be in storm.locals as well ) , and create a reference to it .
1 >>> from storm.info import ClassAlias >>> 2 >>>
AnotherEmployee = ClassAlias ( Employee ) >>>
Nice , is n't it ?
Now we can easily make the query we want , in a straightforward way :
1 >>> result = store .
find (( Employee , AnotherEmployee ) , >>>( ( ) , 2 ... Employee .
company_id == AnotherEmployee .
company_id , ...== 3 ... Employee . id > AnotherEmployee . id ) ... 4 5 >>> for employee1 , employee2 in result : >>>
6 ... print ( employee1 . name , employee2 . name ) ... 7 ( u' Mike Mayer ' , u' Ben Bill ' )
Woah !
Mike and Ben work for the same company !
( Quiz for the attent reader : why is greater than being used in the query above ? )
Debugging
Sometimes you just need to see which statements Storm is executing .
A debug tracer built on top of Storm 's tracing system can be used to see what 's going on under the hood .
A tracer is an object that gets notified when interesting events occur , such as when Storm executes a statement .
A function to enable and disable statement tracing is provided .
Statements are logged to sys.stderr by default , but a custom stream may also be used .
1 >>> import sys >>> 2 >>> from storm .
tracer import debug >>> 3 4 >>> debug ( True , stream = sys .
stdout ) >>> 5 >>> result = store .
find (( Employee , AnotherEmployee ) , >>>( ( ) , 6 ... Employee .
company_id == AnotherEmployee .
company_id , ...== 7 ... Employee . id > AnotherEmployee . id ) ... 8 >>> list ( result ) >>>
9 EXECUTE : ' SELECT employee.company_id , employee.id , employee.name , " ... " .company_id , " ... " .id , " ... " .name FROM employee , employee AS " ... " WHERE employee.company_id = " ... " .company_id AND employee.id > " ... " .id ' , ( ) , () 10 [ (< Employee object at ...> , < Employee object at ... > ) ] [ ( , ) ]
11 12 >>> debug ( False ) >>> 13 >>> list ( result ) >>>
14 [ (< Employee object at ...> , < Employee object at ... > ) ] [ ( , ) ]
Much more !
There 's a lot more about Storm to be shown .
This tutorial is just a way to get initiated on some of the concepts .
While your questions are not answered somewhere else , feel free to ask them in the mailing list .
Last updated at 20:03 27 November 2007
Nicolas Sarkozy yesterday flew home early from a trip to China to attend crisis talks over the " urban warfare " erupting in Paris .
Emergency security measures were imposed after armed gangs turned the streets of the French capital into a battleground .
The violence , which has spread to six towns north of Paris , began after two teenagers died when their motorbike collided with a police car in a suburb on Sunday .
Scroll down for more ...
Protesters claimed that the officers involved left the scene without helping the injured youths .
The French president will arrive home tomorrow two days ahead of schedule for urgent talks with his senior ministers .
More than 80 police officers have been injured in the running battles with gangs of hooded youths .
In a second day of violence yesterday , the riots took a dramatic and potentially deadly new turn with the use of firearms against police .
Patrice Ribeiro , a senior police union official , said the violence overnight Monday to Tuesday was more intense than during three weeks of rioting in 2005 .
He said " genuine urban guerillas with conventional weapons and hunting weapons " were among the rioters .
Scroll down for more ...
The use of firearms added a dangerous new dimension .
Guns were rarely used in the 2005 riots that spread to poor housing projects nationwide .
Police are facing " a situation that is far worse than that of 2005 , " said Ribeiro , national secretary of the Synergie officers union .
" Our colleagues will not allow themselves to be fired upon indefinitely without responding , " he warned on RTL radio .
" They will be placed in situations which will become untenable . "
Worst hit was Villiers - le - Bel , north of the capital , where two teenagers died when their motorbike collided with a police car on Sunday night .
Omar Sehhouli , brother of one of the victims , accused police of ramming the motorbike and of failing to assist the victims .
The public prosecutor is investigating the officers involved for manslaughter and leaving the scene of an accident but it did nothing to appease the mobs who took to the streets for a second night .
Scroll down for more ...
The officers were attacked with missiles including metal bars and Molotov cocktails .
Riot squads hit back with rubber bullets , tear gas , and paint canisters designed to identify troublemakers .
President Sarkozy has appealed to " all sides to calm down and for the judiciary to decide who bears responsibility " .
But there are fears of a repeat of the nationwide riots that led to a state of emergency being declared in autumn 2005 .
Then the trouble was started by the deaths of two young men in an electricity substation as they tried to flee police in the Paris suburb of Clichysous - Bois .
Dozens of vehicles were set on fire yesterday in the Val d'Oise district , including a bus .
Scroll down for more
About a dozen people forced the driver out of the bus before beating him up , said local police .
In Villiers - le - Bel , a pre-school , a library , a driving school and a beauty salon were destroyed by fire .
" It 's a hugely dangerous situation , " said one officer .
" It appears that these youths want to kill us . "
Some youths tried to pull down cables leading to street lamps in a bid to black out the area .
Police and politicians warn the French suburbs remain a " tinderbox " .
" These neighbourhoods live in a state of permanent depression , but all it takes is one drop to make the depression boil over into anger , " said sociologist Laurent Mucchielli .
Heavy - duty bunker fuel oil has washed up on beaches throughout the San Francisco and Marin coastlines all day , leaving purplish sheens on the water , ugly black blobs in the sand , and hundreds of injured or dead birds .
Some 9,500 gallons of oil have been contained since a container ship rammed the Bay Bridge and spilled 58,000 gallons of its fuel Wednesday morning , U.S. Coast Guard Capt .
William Uberti said this afternoon .
But as he spoke , questions were swirling about why it took so long for emergency officials to contain the mess - and who will be to blame for the environmental disaster building by the hour .
Oil began leaking into the water after the Cosco Busan , an 810 - foot container ship that weighs 65,131 tons , crashed into a tower of the Bay Bridge 's western span in heavy fog at about 8:30 a.m. Wednesday .
Within an hour , six emergency vessels from the Coast Guard and Marine Spill Response Corp . were on the scene , officials said .
Yet even by 4 p.m.
Wednesday , officials apparently believed only 140 gallons of oil had leaked into the water .
They later learned that the actual spill amount was 58,000 gallons , Uberti said .
The new total was not announced to the public until 9 p.m .
Asked why they did n't release the higher spill count until five hours after they learned about it , Uberti said , " We were kind of busy ... we were busy figuring this stuff out . "
The Coast Guard and other agencies are investigating why the container ship hit the bridge .
The bar pilot at the controls , John Cota , and the crew underwent drug and alcohol testing after the crash .
None of those tested had been drinking , the Coast Guard said .
Results of the drug tests will not be available until next week , the agency said .
This is the first time in memory that an oceangoing ship has run into the bridge , which did not suffer major damage .
The last big spill in the bay was in 1996 , when a valve broke on the Cape Mohican ship at San Francisco 's southeastern waterfront and dumped 40,000 gallons of heavy bunker oil into a floating dry dock .
By late afternoon , the oil from Wednesday 's accident had spread south to Hunters Point and north to Brook Island off Richmond , the Coast Guard said .
In the ocean , oil was reported from Stinson Beach to Ocean Beach .
As the scope of the disaster became known , anger and sadness grew .
" It 's just heartbreaking , " said Sally McFadden , 49 - year - old birdwatcher from Larkspur .
She went to Kirby Cove in the Marin Headlands to help and was shocked when she saw the oil - slathered rocks and sand .
" This is peak migration season for birds , and all the birdwatchers are excited about it - so it's at a particularly bad time , " she said .
Voice breaking with emotion , she added , " It 's disturbing .
These are all beaches that I love and spend a lot of time at . "
The state Department of Fish and Game says 26 live , oiled birds have been recovered .
Hundreds more are likely injured .
Coast Guard officials said 16 beaches have so far been contaminated and closed off , and large patches of oil are floating on the bay .
Beaches closed include including Baker Beach , China Beach , Keller Beach , Point Isabel , Ferry Point , Caesar Chavez , Crissy Field and Fort Point .
Along Rodeo Beach in the Marin Headlands , National Park Service ranger Robert Del Secco kept visitors away from the beach , which is covered in dark clumps of oil .
The pungent oil scent can be smelled around the Bay Area .
Chris Godley , emergency services manager for Marin County , said slicks had appeared in the water near the North Bay shoreline .
One slick , 50 yards long and 20 yards wide , was seen off Paradise Drive in Tiburon .
Another was seen in Richardson Bay near Bayfront Park in Mill Valley , Godley said .
Representative from 13 agencies met at Fort Mason to discuss the next steps .
The ship 's owners called in a private cleanup company , O'Brien 's Group of Southern California , immediately after the accident , Uberti said .
Barry McFarland , incident commander with the company , said that in addition to the fouled beaches , cleanup crews are concentrating on three main sheens of oil in the bay - one west of Treasure Island , a second north of the Bay Bridge and a third south of Angel Island .
Five vessels are in the bay and three are outside the Golden Gate looking for additional oil patches , he said .
The company has laid down about 18,000 feet of containment boom , and about 115 people are at work in the field scooping up the oil .
McFarland could not say how long the effort would take .
" It 's too early to tell any timeline , " he said .
" We 'll be here for quite some time . "
Wildlife officials said finding birds and other animals covered in oil is a high priority .
The spill threatens to coat the birds ' feathers , making it impossible for them to stay warm when they get into the chilly bay water , said Dr. Mike Ziccardi , director of the Oiled Wildlife Care Network .
The UC Davis program organizes the wildlife aid response for the state Department of Fish and Game .
The Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito is also part of the network .
The most common species feeding at the Golden Gate at this time of year include western grebes and scoters .
" The birds ' first response is to get out of the water ( during a spill ) , " Ziccardi said .
" They have a high metabolism and need to eat frequently .
Because they 're out of the water , they can't eat .
They can become severely debilitated and can die unless brought into rehabilitation . "
At the International Bird Rescue Research Center in Fairfield , " we get them warm , we get them rehydrated and we get the oil off of them .
The more quickly we can respond , the better it will be , " Ziccardi said .
Some of the injured birds are being taken to a recovery station at Fort Mason in San Francisco .
Residents who spot birds covered with oil should call ( 877 ) 823-6926 .
People interested in volunteering should not call this number .
Would - be volunteers should check for opportunities at www.owcn.org.
Staff Writer Peter Fimrite contributed to this report .
With all of the primaries going on in the past month , you may have noticed that the presidential candidates are starting to get a little snarky with each other .
What you may not know is that mudslinging is n't exactly a new tactic .
And I 'm not talking as recent as Nixon and Kennedy ... nope , the nasty rumors and talk of mistresses and morals go as far back as George Washington .
Jefferson vs. Adams , 1800
In case you 're wondering exactly how down - and - dirty these campaigns got , consider the fact that this is the only election in history where a vice president has run against the president he was currently serving under .
You can imagine that things were a little tense in the White House in the months leading up to the election .
Jefferson hired a writer to pen insults rather than dirty his own hands ( at least at first ) .
One of his most creative lines said that Adams was a " hideous hermaphroditical character which has neither the force and firmness of a man , nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman . "
Adams '
Federalists carried things even further , asking voters , " Are you prepared to see your dwellings in flames ... female chastity violated ... children writhing on the pike ?
GREAT GOD OF COMPASSION AND JUSTICE , SHIELD MY COUNTRY FROM DESTRUCTION . "
I bet the Federalists would be so very upset to know that Jefferson was immortalized in 1936 as one of America 's great presidents on Mount Rushmore .
After such a nasty election , Congress passed the Twelfth Amendment , stating that the nominee to get the second - most number of votes would no longer be elected vice president .
Jackson vs. Adams , 1828
Apparently those Adams boys are scrappy fellows .
When Andrew Jackson ran against incumbant John Quincy Adams in 1828 , it was not pretty .
Adams ' previous term had not been a very successful one , but he was prepared to sling a little mud anyway .
He and his handlers said Jackson had the personality of a dictator , was too uneducated to be president ( they claimed he spelled Europe ' Urope ' ) , and hurled all sorts of horrible insults at his wife , Rachel .
Rachel had been in an abusive marriage with a man who finally divorced her , but divorce was still quite the scandal at the time .
The Federalists called her a " dirty black wench " , a " convicted adulteress " and said she was prone to " open and notorious lewdness " .
On their end , Jackson 's people said that Adams had sold his wife 's maid as a concubine to the czar of Russia .
Jackson won pretty handily - 642,553 votes to Adams ' 500,897 .
Lincoln vs. Douglas , 1860
Yep , even Abraham Lincoln was dealt his share of crap .
But he was pretty good at dealing it too .
Although it 's normal - and expected - for candidates to stump across the country in any little small town that will have them , but in 1860 it was considered a little tacky .
Stephen Douglas chose this tactic anyway , but claimed that he was really just taking a leisurely train ride from D.C. to New York to visit his mom .
Lincoln and his supporters took note of the fact that it took him over a month to get there and even put out a " Lost Child " handbill that said he " Left Washington , D.C. some time in July , to go home to his mother ... who is very anxious about him .
Seen in Philadelphia , New York City , Hartford , Conn. , and at a clambake in Rhode Island .
Answers to the name Little Giant .
Talks a great deal , very loud , always about himself . "
' Little Giant ' was a potshot at Douglas ' height - he was only 5 ' 4 " .
He was also said to be " about five feet nothing in height and about the same in diameter the other way . "
Douglas took aim at Lincoln , too , saying he was a " horrid - looking wretch , sooty and scoundrelly in aspect , a cross between the nutmeg dealer , the horse - swapper and the nightman . "
Another good one ?
" Lincoln is the leanest , lankest , most ungainly mass of legs and arms and hatchet face ever strung on a single frame . "
Cleveland vs. Blaine , 1884
Who knew Grover Cleveland was the Bill Clinton of his time ?
During his campaign , stories of his lecherousness were plentiful .
One was verified , though - Cleveland , while still a bachelor , had fathered a child with a widow named Maria Halpin .
He fully supported the child .
So really , by today 's standards , it probably would n't be that much of a scandal .
No marriages ruined , no paternity tests , no child support issues .
Nevertheless , the Republican party , who supported candidate James Blaine , took this and ran with it .
They made up the chant , " Ma ! Ma !
Where 's my pa ? " and used it to taunt Cleveland .
Blaine was no innocent , though .
He was accused of shady dealings with the railroad , which was confirmed when a letter was found in which Blaine pretty much confirmed that he knew he was involved in corrupt business - he signed the letter , " My regards to Mrs. Fisher .
Burn this letter ! "
Cleveland 's Democrats made up their own chant based on his writings - " Burn this letter !
Burn this letter ! "
Hoover vs Smith , 1928
Democrat Al Smith lost pretty badly to Republican Herbert Hoover , largely due to one reason : his religion .
At the time of the election , the Holland Tunnel in New York was just being finished up .
Republicans told everyone that the Catholic Smith had commissioned a secret tunnel 3,500 miles long , from the Holland Tunnel to the Vatican in Rome , and that the Pope would have say in all presidential matters should Smith be elected .
It probably did n't help matters that Babe Ruth was a staunch Smith supporter .
You think it would work in his favor , but the Babe would show up at events wearing only his undershirt with a mug of beer in one hand .
If people opposed his viewpoint , Ruth would simply say , " The hell with you , " and be done with them .
I understand the biological processes okay , but I can't figure out where the expressions " go apeshit " and " batshit insane " come from .
The first seems like it might have something to do with flinging poo , but the second makes no sense at all .
Does exposure to guano cause insanity ?
Is it just a really crazy situation when a bat shits on you ?
Dictionary.com is no help , and I do n't have access to the O.E.D.
Wiktionary mentions the phrases , but it does n't try to figure out their origins .
Whether you are a professional or amateur web designer , or simply want to learn more about how web design works , these are great resources to browse and bookmark .
This collection covers various design styles , guides and tools as well as free fonts , stock photographs and vector images .
These have been organized into three complimentary categories : inspiration , guides and resources .
Enjoy !
Web Design Inspiration :
CSS Zen Garden
A demonstration of what can be accomplished visually through CSS - based design .
Select any style sheet from the list to load it into this page .
The Zen Garden aims to excite , inspire , and encourage participation .
To begin , view some of the existing designs in the list .
Clicking on any one will load the style sheet into this very page .
The code remains the same , the only thing that has changed is the external .css file .
Yes , really .
Web Design Inspiration is a Flickr image set collecting a variety of successful web designs of all different kinds , over 400 total .
It has a great collection of eye - candy for the non-designer as well as inspirational works of creativity to motivate any designer , web or otherwise .
Web Creme provides frequently updated screenshots in an elegant - but - simple blog - like format for web designers to browse .
This enables designers to easily check back in should they be searching for some easy design inspiration and regularly refreshed content .
Unmatched Style is a constantly growing community dedicated to acknowledging those who have made exceptionally gorgeous web sites using Cascading Style Sheets and web standards .
By recognizing these exceptionally beautiful designs , other designers and businesses can get inspired and find a direction they may wish to take with their own web sites .
CSS Beauty is a project focused on providing its audience with a database of well designed CSS based websites from around the world .
Its purpose is to showcase designers ’ work and to act as a small portal to the CSS design community .
If you are “ in need of inspiration ” , you have come to the right place .
WebUrbanist is a collectively produced urban art , culture and design weblog that has a simple layout and a profound series of posts with series of Seven Wonders of the World as well as other sources of design inspiration from around the world , including urban art images that provide indirect inspiration for web and other designers .
Web Design Guides :
Web Design from Scratch is for everyone involved or interested in creating web sites – whether novice or expert .
It will help you understand what makes web sites succeed or fail , and what can be done to increase the chance of success .
You do n’t have to be a web designer to benefit from this site .
You may have a current web site design project , you may be updating an existing site , or just interested in learning new skills .
Also be sure to check out his Current Style in Web Design Guide .
Web 2.0 How - To Design Style Guide :
In this tutorial , the author describes various common graphic design elements in modern web ( “ 2.0 ” ) design style .
He then explains why they work ( i.e. why they have become common ) , as well as how , when and where you might use each element in your designs .
Top 50 Logo Design Tutorials has an excellent selection of logo design guides with helpful screenshots that will assist you in navigating the various links .
Whether you are looking for something detailed and creative or simple and elegant there is almost certainly something useful on this list .
51 Photoshop Text Effect Tutorials .
ext and the way it looks is a major part of any design .
A great design can be cheapened if the text on the page looks wrong .
Any logo is almost entirely text .
From water to fire , these 51 tutorials will show you how to create any style of text you want .
Web Design Resources :
Open Source Web Design is a site to download free web design templates and share yours with others .
They help make the internet a prettier place .
To put it simply , Open Source Web Design is a collection of web designs submitted by the community that anyone can download free of charge !
Blue Vertigo showcases an amazing array of free resources for web designers , from stockphotography and vector clip art to free fonts and brushes .
This is truly a site worth bookmarking for future use .
Browser
Shots allows you to test out your designs in various browsers quickly and easily .
Browsershots makes screenshots of your web design in different browsers .
It is a free open - source online service created by Johann C. Rocholl .
When you submit your web address , it will be added to the job queue .
A number of distributed computers will open your website in their browser .
Then they will make screenshots and upload them to the central server here .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : guides , inspiration , tools , web design
Visual Studio 2010 is upon us .
Actually it has been for a while now , but this is the first time I 've started to use it .
Here are some of the impressions I 've had .
I 'm relaunching my blog .
This is the new , bigger better blog .
Or actually , it 's much smaller , leaner and meaner .
Yes , it 's a meta blog post .
Feel free to skip over !
How to quickly revert back from a checkout of the entire repository while having files locked for exclusive edit ...
What kind of tools are you using in your day to day work as a programmer ?
Here are some of mine ...
In which I go on about how I hate half assed products that does n't work and crash .
Another batch of updates to the NiftyPlugins .
Slides for the talk I gave with Vassily at GDC 2009 .
GDC 2009 is just around the corner , this time I 'm a little bit nervous since I 'm also speaking for the first time this year .
Quick notice that I 've updated the source for NiftyPerforce and NiftySolution .
While C++ might be bloated , slow and ugly and ready to shoot you in your foot very helpfully there is really no other choice ...
Ever found yourself in a situation where you are making changes and your changelist just grows and grows until it's this scary creature that you do n't really can let go of and let out in the wild ?
This script provides a way to get out of this trap .
Reading licenses and figuring out if you can use a piece of " free " software can sometimes be tricky .
Licenses sure are from hell ...
In which I venture out and buy an XBOX 360 to play a JRPG , but instead get bitten by the console trying to eat the disc instead of play it ...
You would think that it 's trivial to add an user control in C# , with its much touted GUI creation helpers and bells and whistles .
You would think ...
In which I write about even more perforce usage tips .
In which I just call p4v for what it is : a pile of pooh .
I had a spasm and had to rage against the stupidity of perforce to discontinue the p4win client .
What is your native language ?
If you answered C++ , then come on in and read more about how you could travel the world if you knew more languages .
Who would think that there are many ways to count to a thousand ?
Buying hard drives is not exactly like a box of chocolates , but you sure do n't know exactly what you get .
In which we explore what people actually mean with row major matrices and what they think they mean .
In which we explore things that probably should have the warning " Do n't try this at home kids , we 're professionals " .
You know you 're in trouble if you hear or encounter anything like this ...
We explore what determinism means and why it 's important for your tools especially for testing purposes .
In order to automate testing , you often need an image comparison step .
This looks at comparing two different HD images .
Some tips and tricks about using perforce and organizing things .
First look at the new iPhone SDK and demos looks impressive .
This is going to be fun .
In my quest for a decent regular expressions library for C++
I arm myself with some patience while trying to compile various open source software .
Part 2 of my rant about Windows Vista , and the part where I had enough and gave up and bought a new copy of Windows XP and upgraded .
A small script for perforce that allows you to backup a changelist and later restore it .
It works much like the new more recent p4shelf functionality that went into the offical perforce server and client .
It 's very annoying to have dialog boxes pop up and require user interaction while running automated tests .
Who clicks on the OK button ?
How the mess that is windows.h has become the bane of my existence .
I 'm having my first encounter with Windows Vista and run away crying .
Which library sort call is faster , and why ?
I 'm deploring the state of the games development industry as far as crappy PS3 ports go .
In this unfinished article I discuss some of the assembly reading skills that are needed for games programmers .
NULL pointers , you shalt not follow them .
Discussion about what exactly happens before main ( ) is called ...
I want shorter and easier games .
You know , like back in the day .
Rant about how it 's pretty hard to write a decent math paper online and what tools are available .
I miss LaTeX .
This lists some of the demos I 've written with other people way back before the dawn of time .
Or so it feels like .
While I was on the Movable Type system I had to move the blog once to fix the then busted comment system .
Discussion about class constructor order .
Does warnings matter ?
Do you have them enabled on the compiler command line ?
Do you read them ?
Description of my make make system that generates all sorts of build files from simple descriptions .
Discussion about a little 2D prototype game I wrote and development speed and methodology
A meta post on how comment systems gets drowned by spam .
How do you manage your different configuration for the game ?
Just Debug and Release ?
One of the first PS3 games that came out that actually did n't look like a PS2 game , Heavenly Sword , was purchased very early ...
Looking at what Apple is doing with their browser and moving it to windows .
We explore the depths of the language , namley lookup rules for symbols , and see how it can help us to write less .
This describes a handy script to quickly revert a submitted perforce changelist .
Me and Noel went down to talk at XPSD about how we were implementing Scrum and XP in the games industry .
I gave a talk about the ( then ) future in games and CELL programming .
A small tool I made for setting the desktop picture .
I had a discussion at work about the merits of map v/s vector in the STL and decided to put some hard facts online .
This is the public announcement that the source code for NiftyPerforce and NiftySolution is available on google code .
This was a small puzzle game that me and Andreas Brinck wrote for the Windows platform .
The article describes some of the features of the development , a postmortem of sorts .
Original NiftyPerforce Visual Studio AddIn announcement .
I explored the possibility to unit test shaders the same way you could ordinary C++ code on the CPU .
This is how you can work offline with perforce and still be able to easily integrate changes back when the network comes back up .
It also work equally well for taking external code drops and having source control on them .
With some digging , you can find some really good tools distributed for free from Microsoft .
An article about some guidelines when writing portable code .
Two small utilities to handle unix style diff and patch
Discussion of the ellipsis construct in C and C++ and how it affects you .
Some handy macros for Visual Studio .
Some basic tips for when you are doing the initial perforce setup .
A brief survey of different memory practices and tools for tracking down bugs in allocators .
Discussing about how to implement hotloading and automatic asset conversions on the fly .
I have a brief look at how CC .
net works and how you can deploy it .
I present a way to easily and quickly bring data for testing into your unit tests without going through the filesystem .
I go over the different tools available for programming some Python .
This is the announcment of a Visual Studio 2005 AddIn for helping the productivity of a programmer .
My very first blogpost .
Nov. 6 , 2007  --
Mark it down : A landmark moment entered the annals of political fundraising : Nov. 5 , 2007 .
Texas Republican Ron Paul , the libertarian presidential candidate who has lagged in the polls but raised as much money as top - tier candidates , passed $ 4.3 million in online fundraising in 24 hours .
Paul 's Haul May Set Online Record
It was a big deal back in 2000 when Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , raised $ 1 million online in the 24 hours after his upset victory over then - Gov. George W. Bush in the New Hampshire primary .
McCain 's impressive take was seen as the birth of online fundraising -- a moment when online donors gained considerable respect .
Paul raised just over $ 5 million in the most recent fundraising quarter , which ended September 30 .
The campaign has set an official goal of raising $ 12 million between Oct.1 and the end of 2007 .
As of midnight Sunday , Nov. 4 , the Paul campaign claimed to have raised $ 2.77 million .
Monday 's drive was coordinated by an independent Web site but received the tacit endorsement of Paul on the stump this week .
He told supporters at a rally in Columbia , S.C. , that the mainstream media is more likely to pay attention if he raises more money .
And that attention will lead to more mainstream voters hearing his message .
Watch video of Paul on the stump from ABC News on the campaign trail in South Carolina by clicking here .
Supporters Remember Nov. 5
It 's not unusual for campaigns to attach a slogan to a one - day , one - event or one - week fundraising push .
Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , and Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , have dined with donating supporters ; Elizabeth Edwards , wife of former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina , encouraged donations for her husband 's birthday .
Earlier this year , Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , got his hand slapped by Major League Baseball for offering to raffle off World Series tickets to a lucky donor .
But leave it to Ron Paul 's devoted legions to win the originality contest this year .
" Remember , Remember , the fifth of November , " cries the call for cash .
The catchy slogan comes from a nursery rhyme about Guy Fawkes , the 17th - century crusader for Catholics rights caught in the basement of parliament with 36 barrels of gunpowder .
He failed in his mission to blow the place up .
ABC News tracked down Trevor Lyman , the man behind the Web site that coordinated Paul 's one - day money bomb on his cell phone in line at a Miami Starbucks , where the whir of the barista making his lunchtime latte could be heard in the background .
Lyman , 37 , is not your average political fundraiser .
His day job is running a music promotion Web site , but he spends his free time at the helm of the grassroots
Web site that conspired in online chat forums and meetup groups to send a fundraising bomb in support of Paul .
But Lyman , who has never worked for a campaign before -- and still does n't , technically -- describes himself as " mostly apathetic " when it comes to politics , started supporting Paul back when the congressman was just exploring a presidential run .
He started a Web site devoted to Paul videos , the tagline for which is " Televising the Revolution . "
The first video featured when we visited showed surfers how to use holiday lights to create and illuminated " Ron Paul Revolution " yard decoration .
Reach of the ' Revolution '
Lyman launched his most recent site only on Oct. 18 , and he is hoping to move back to New Hampshire soon , not to work on the campaign , just because he went to college there and said it would be a better place than Miami to raise a family .
Asked if it is appropriate to invoke a nursery rhyme about a man who tried to blow up parliament in the 17th - century as a fundraising tool , Lyman said , " Some people want to go that way .
We 're not going in any way violent . "
He said the idea sprang up when he saw someone propose a mass one - day online fundraising drive in a Ron Paul meetup group .
The date Nov. 5 corresponded with the movie " V for Vendetta " and the Guy Fawkes rhyme .
" If you look at the pop culture feel - good message of the movie , " Lyman said , " the people in the end say we are the deciders .
That 's the best way to describe it .
And this is a country of and by the people . "
" The entire notion of Bush saying he is the decider when 70 or 80 percent of the country wants out of the war is ridiculous .
He acts like a dictator . "
And that , said Lyman , is why he supports Paul , who is uncompromising and strict in his support of the Constitution , as literally as possible to the way it is written .
" I like some things about Republican ideals , but it goes back to the Constitution for me , " Lyman said , still in line for his coffee .
" And those ideals are all about small government , even if the party in recent years has not been , " he said .
Apparently , as the online donation meter indicates , others agree .
SO HERE WE GO : WHAT IF ?
In that spirit , the fictional contingency planning * below is a wild stab at a “ What if ? ” exercise for news junkies , victims of conspiracy derangement syndrome , UFO believers or any nutcase that has an interest in Surviving Armageddon .
DUE TO egregious blunders by US Department of Defense planners in FORCE TRANSFORMATION for the last decade AND due to excessive DEPLOYMENT OVER THE LAST FOUR YEARS , American fighting forces , especially ground forces , special ops forces , all called - up reserve and guard units and ground combat units from all branches were close to the breaking point due to civilian and military mismanagement ?
What if
By creating for us a Mess in Potamia , ( quagmire ) Our Leaders have left us weak at home and impotent abroad with little or no political credibility ?
What if Our Leaders plan to replace our now weakened and ill - equipped forces with privatized forces like BILGEWATER ?
What if , after one or a series of catastrophic events in the U.S. , Our Leaders declare martial law and suspend elections , or , what if there are elections , but the new leaders ’ inauguration ( swearing in ) has to be postponed ?
For Security Reasons ?
What if the martial law Is enforced by aforementioned private security forces all the way down to the local level ?
What if all the above happened and the U. S. Congress and National Guard and Reserve were conflicted and paralyzed , non-existent or impotent forces
What if right wing militias , suddenly faced with what they have predicted , maybe hoped for , feel their moment has come ?
STOP !.
I do n’t want to play anymore .
OK ,
What if there was something that could be done now to stop the attrition of our forces and all the bad things that might follow ?
What if the only way to stop the degradation of our military and the potential loss of our liberties was to impeach Cheney and Bush in that order or together ?
Point made .
That would begin a new segment of what if , for sure .
What if all the newly minted Independents just forgot each other ’s past partisan bitterness and demanded that their new , Independent Populist Voices be heard .?
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The troop surge in Iraq is starting to look as if it is working .
I know , I know .
It ’s probably a temporary lull .
And it ’s far from peaceful in Iraq .
And yes , we could have done things differently and gotten to this place sooner .
And the Iraqi government is n’t being helpful , by all accounts , which means the potential for fresh violence is always there .
And our troops are n’t streaming home .
And the occupation still costs a fortune .
And Iraq ’s infrastructure is a mess .
Still .
What if President Bush was right about the surge ?
Suppose patience and more force , along with the natural learning curve on how to operate over there , were all the Iraqis needed to get to relative peace ?
Suppose the Iraqi citizens start asking themselves why the Kurds are so fat and happy , and demand more of their government ?
Could democracy actually take root ?
And could Iraq ’s experience with al - Qaeda be the death blow to al - Qaeda ’s credibility with other extremists in the region ?
I ’m starting to think it could happen .
I do n’t PREDICT it will happen , but for the first time I can imagine it .
And this begs a fascinating hypothetical question :
If the surge works , would you give President Bush his due credit for “ staying the course ” ?
Or would we point to all of his other mistakes , including the justifications for war , the lack of occupation planning , and the long list of other grievances and dismiss him with “ Even a blind squirrel sometimes finds a nut ” ?
I know you can make an argument that says the surge is n’t working , or wo n’t work , or Iraq will descend further into civil war when we leave , or democracy will never work .
That ’s too easy .
For today , answer the hypothetical : IF staying the course works , and you had been a critic of it , will you give President Bush and his team credit for doing this part right ?
WEB +DB PRESS Tech Meeting行ってきましたので、レポートです。資料等後日公開されますので、詳細はそちらをご覧下さい≧(´▽｀ )≦。
六本木はわかりにくいですねー。割と迷いました。
会場は机なしですが、無線LAN有です。ニコニコで配信されるっぽいので、映りたくない人は逃げた方がいいみたいです(笑 ) 。
JavaScript Tips & Technique 天野さん JS の 10 年間の暗黒時代
Flash もJavaScriptも勝利者
2005 年まで は Flashの独り勝ち →Ajaxの登場
JSでもできること ラスターグラフィックス ( canvasの利用 ) ベクターグラフィックス ( svgやvml ) アニメーション ( Google のOSSのサンプル )
今でもJSでできないこと Sound 、Movie 、Cross-domain通信 video要素、audio要素 、XMLHttpRequest level 2 で、なんとかなるか も
XMLHttpRequest level 2 外部アクセス機能。access - controlもあ る
先行実装 → Firefox 3 、 Opera 10
JavaScriptの利点 → SEO GRDDL , microformat Bookmarklet 等
JSDeferred による非同期通 信
非同期処理が必要な場面 イベント処理、重い処理、アニメーション
JSはスレッドも継続もないので、非同期処理は苦手
重い処理の場合は、setIntervalで0秒指定で要素を再描画させる
イベント処理、通信処理などでやり方が様々でめんどい
JSDeffered とは？ 作者 : cho45 数十 行
使い方 Defferred.defineする .next ( 〜 ) で、処理をつなげる . wait ( 0 ) でレンダリングさせる loop ( 〜 ) で繰り返し処理 while は、next ( argument.calee ) で表現 他、parallelとかtry catchの書き換えとか
まとめ JSDeferred 使いましょう ソース読みましょう
JSDeferred面白そうです。でも、JS自体全然使ってない人なので、まずはjQueryからやらなきゃorz
SI ビジネスに未来はあるか！？ 羽生さん インフルエンザかもしれないそうです;￣ロ￣ ) !!
SIerがDISられまくっている
暴言自主規制 ( 笑
結論 : SIerには未来があ る
danさんとニアミスしてたらしい
去年まで はWEB +DB
Pressの皆勤賞 仕事と直結した記事 vol.3 で Flush をアプリに使うことを書いた → 叩かれた vol.9 で Rhino * 1の記事 → disられ た
スターロジックさんの紹介 → 100 %元請け
実績 →Flashでの金融系ミッションクリティカル、業務
DIS られっぱなし のSI業 界 3k、日本だけ、技術力ない、受託だとつまらない、学生に人気ない、最先端じゃない
忙しいのは、儲けてるから 技術力はめちゃめちゃいる → 大手に勝って無茶を叶えるための技術力。政治力でどうにかなるほど甘い世界じゃない
流行じゃなくていい。嫌な奴は逃げた方がいい。
問題の核は？？ 経営がない。社長 をDIS れ ！( 給料が大事だか らDISれない ) コネじゃなく、自分でお客さんを取らねばならない
自前で物を作れない ← ラーメン作れないラーメン屋がありますか？ 結果として、肉体労働の時間売りにな る
お客様はいる どこに頼んでいいのかわからない → 大企 業( N・F・H・I ) に電話するしかない 値段の相場がわからない → 大企業だと、億単位とか ;￣ロ￣ ) 話が通じなさそうで、相談できない → きちんと親切に聞きとること 困ってる人=お客さんは、いっぱいいる。
SI ビジネス をIT 化せねばならない 一流のサービス業は 、IT 化している( セブンイレブン、リッツカールトン、サウスウェスト)
SI もサービス業 → 自分たちの生産性 をIT で高めなければならない
身の回りから変える コミュニティは幻想 周囲の人 の64倍の仕事 普通の人の8時間でできるのを1時間でやる
自分の1時間+他人の世話7時間を、1時間でやる
商売できる人と、組む 喜んでもらう物を作る
今すぐこれを 自社の愚痴を言うな、書くな → 同類しか集まらなくなる 会社の連中と挨拶 → 素晴らしい人が居るかもしれない 具体的に考える → どの案件に、この技術をどう適用できる？ 愚痴を書くなら、技術をブログに書 く
よいプログラムを多くの人に よいプログラムが生産性を高める → この喜びを、普通の人々の普段の仕事 へ
ペンタブで書きながらプレゼンってかっこいい！
羽生さんは噂には聞いてましたが、初めて話聞きました。話し方も上手で、とても面白かったです。
うちではこんな感じです 〜 Linuxロードバランサの活用事例 ひろせさん repcached ← memcached へレプリケーションのパッ チ
ロードバランサとは？ 大量アクセスの処理、サービスの無停止運用
2001年9 月 ロードバランサなし。コールドバックアップ。 走って火を入れにいく
2001 年12 月 商用アプライアンス製品を導入 LB落ちたら最後
2002 年10 月 2台でアクティブ/スタンバイ ロードバランシングの勉強ができた
2002〜2004 bonding 等 常に改良を続ける DSAS と命名
2004年7 月 LVS → mjd !? → 調査、検証 開発環境でLVS
2005 年2月 LVS を本番運用へ メタ情報一元化、ネットワークブート、ストレージサーバ( DRBD +keepalived ) 、bonding ＋RSTP DSAS 2.0 ( 笑) と命名
ロードバランサ LVS → WEB サーバ( 数台 ) HTTP , SMTP , FTP , XMPP ( Jabber ) 等のバランシン グ
keepalivbedの利用 L4でのロードバランス IPVSの制御、サーバの死活監視 VRRPによる冗長化( keepalived がVRRPを喋れる )
keepalived .conf VRRP の設定 仮装サーバの設定 リアルサーバの設 定 KLAB で は2500 行とか( ￣Д￣ ; ; 一元化された構成情 報 ( 独自のもの ) を元に、keepalived.confをPerlスクリプトで生成 tomcatの設定とかも生成してるらしい
LVSの負荷は？？ CPU使用率 : Sys < 1.00 、 User < 0.15 → 余裕のよっちゃんいか
MySQLのスレーブへの分散も、LVS
アプリでやると、スレーブの一覧が必要。死活管理も必要。 内側のLVSとして、外側のと分けている
LVS のいいところ 金銭コスト ソース読める。tcpdump。足りないもの実装。 安定している 。VRRPで冗長。3年くらいへんな落ち方をしたことがない*2
LVSの欠点 設定インタフェースが貧弱 商用サポートな し
なぜそこまでやる？ → 寝たい、いじってて楽し い
オープンソースで色々できる ロードバランス 冗長構成 最小構成からはじめて、育てる ( 自分のPCでVM入れてLVSとかから始めて、徐々に本番へ持って行く)
参考書 WEB +DB PRESS Vol.37 インフラ管理の書籍執筆中らしい( KLab + はてな )
LVSのソースは、読みたくてもどこを読めばいいのやら・・・。手がかりがあると嬉しいです。
受託開発を楽しむ。 〜 もっと 「 ソーシャルに 」仕事する！ 岡島さん プロジェクトの成功、が興味関 心
受託開発の醍醐味 → 羽生さんに持ってかれたので、省略w たった一人の顧客、チームプレイ重視 、QCD * 3 の明確な縛り Quality 縛りに燃える 落としどころを決めるのは楽しい
品質を高める方法 Productive Bugs を増やす
Productive Bugsとは 成功に貢献するバグ、生産的バグ スモールベースボール → アウトの生産性( 送りバント、犠牲フライ )
生産的なバグ 単体テストで、レアパターンのバグ 結合テストで、運用に問題のあるケース 実際のデータでのみ発生する問 題
非生産的なバグ データのオーバフロー 未入力チェックの漏れ デグ レ
バグ曲線 理想→生産的なバグを多く保ち、非生産的なバグを減らす。最後は収束 普通→生産的なバグが少なく、最後まで収束しない
生産的なバグをいかに多くするか TDD で 生産的でないバグを減らす イテレーションで生産的なバグの発見チャンスを増やす 質の高いテストケースをたくさんもたらすソーシャルチーム
TDD → 和田さん参照 ( 笑 非生産的バグを減らす → TDD に より、結合テストに持ち込まない 生産的バグを増やす → レアケースなどの発 見
バグ発見のチャンスを増やす 結合テスト以降のテスト回数を増やす アジャイルプロセスでは受け入れテストの頻度を増やしている
生産的なバグを多く産むには 質の高いテストケースを増やす → イテレーション計画、テスト計画 お客様との関係の多さ → ソーシャル志向チー ム
一般的案受託チーム 強いリーダーシップ型、コマンド＆コントロール、リーダーの窓口能力 メンバーはリーダーの 影
ソーシャル志向 弱いリーダーシップ、コラボレーション、メンバーの主体性 お客様のビジネス、システム全体 に " 関心を持てる " メンバーを増やす(でも、影にしなきゃイケナイ人もいるとのこと)
リーダー の4 タイプ別攻略法 ←これもソーシャル バリバリ → オンリーワンな右腕を目指す サクサク → 甘えすぎない よしよし → 期待を上回る成果をしめす ふむふむ → ひっそりと協力する( プロジェクトがこける可能性が高いので )
受託本(仮 ) を執筆中らしい 2008 春
バグを増やすの定義があいまい*4だったので首をかしげる部分も多かったですが、バグを価値によってわけるのは面白いと思いました。
Demand from US refineries has increased for six successive weeks
The price of a barrel of US light , sweet crude surpassed the previous high of $ 78.40 a barrel , seen in July 2006 , before falling back to $ 76.53 .
Prices have risen steadily in the past few weeks following disruption to output in Nigeria and the North Sea .
Wednesday 's initial rise followed data showing a fall in US crude stockpiles .
Falling stocks
The Department of Energy said that oil inventories had fallen by a higher - than - expected 6.5 million barrels in the week ending 27 July .
Analysts had been forecasting a far more modest fall of about 700,000 barrels .
Experts said the later fall in the price was due to a decline in gas prices and a feeling that , with the peak summer holiday season nearing its end , prices may have peaked .
Oil markets have withstood recent stock market turbulence , taking their lead from positive economic signs in the US about employment and consumer confidence .
Despite a rise in output from the members of the Opec oil producers ' cartel last month , traders are still worried about the amount of spare capacity in the market .
US Energy Secretary Sam Bodman said Opec needed to commit to raising production levels when it met next month .
" I am concerned that we probably are going to need more oil , " he said .
The previous $ 78.40 high was recorded during the Israel - Lebanon conflict last year .
In London , Brent crude fell $ 1.70 to close at $ 75.35 a barrel .
SunSpider is no longer maintained .
We recommend JetStream , which tests the JavaScript techniques used by advanced web applications .
☀ SunSpider 1.0.2 JavaScript Benchmark
This is SunSpider , a JavaScript benchmark .
This benchmark tests the core JavaScript language only , not the DOM or other browser APIs .
It is designed to compare different versions of the same browser , and different browsers to each other .
Unlike many widely available JavaScript benchmarks , this test is :
Real World
This test mostly avoids microbenchmarks , and tries to focus on the kinds of actual problems developers solve with JavaScript today , and the problems they may want to tackle in the future as the language gets faster .
This includes tests to generate a tagcloud from JSON input , a 3D raytracer , cryptography tests , code decompression , and many more examples .
There are a few microbenchmarkish things , but they mostly represent real performance problems that developers have encountered .
Balanced
This test is balanced between different areas of the language and different types of code .
It 's not all math , all string processing , or all timing simple loops .
In addition to having tests in many categories , the individual tests were balanced to take similar amounts of time on currently shipping versions of popular browsers .
Statistically Sound
One of the challenges of benchmarking is knowing how much noise you have in your measurements .
This benchmark runs each test multiple times and determines an error range ( technically , a 95 % confidence interval ) .
In addition , in comparison mode it tells you if you have enough data to determine if the difference is statistically significant .
MSNBC blames Romney whisper on microphone malfunction David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Friday January 25 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This UPDATE : ' No way of knowing ' who whispered , MSNBC says
The whisper that could be heard just before an answer from Mitt Romney at Thursday 's Republican debate was the result of a microphone malfunction , an MSNBC spokesman tells RAW STORY , but its source remains a mystery .
Just before Romney answered a question about Ronald Reagan 's 1983 Social Security overhaul , a voice can be heard whispering , either " He raised taxes " or " not raise taxes . "
The overheard musing was the result of an open microphone somewhere , but a spokesman said the whisperer has not been identified .
" We heard the same thing you heard , " MSNBC VP for Communications Jeremy Gaines told RAW STORY via e-mail Friday afternoon .
" There was obviously an open mike which picked up the whisper , but we have no way of knowing who did the whispering . "
Gaines also said the network would replace a post that " should n't have been removed " from its First Read blog .
The post is available here with an editor 's note attached .
" We thought it might have simply been our control room cueing a question , which then didnt seem to warrant a post , since that would be very inside baseball .
So , I took it down , " NBC 's Domenico Montanaro wrote at First Read .
" As far as figuring out the mystery of who or where it came from , that is being worked on , and we hope to have an answer soon , " Montanaro continued .
" It puzzled us here too , and were looking through tape of other candidates to see if it was one of them .
Well let you know . "
The network eventually determined an open microphone in the audience picked up the whisper and said it was " not said by any of the candidates , was not heard in the hall and , more importantly , not heard by the candidates . "
Earlier Friday , Gaines said the whisper was simply the result of " audio issues , " but he revised that statement after returning to New York from the debate site in Florida and watching a tape of the proceedings .
Moderator Tim Russert asked Romney if he would " do what Ronald Reagan did in 1983 " to fix Social Security .
Immediately after Russert 's question , someone can be heard whispering what sounds like , " He raised taxes , " although Montanaro said MSNBC believed the whisperer said " not raise taxes . "
It 's unclear whether Romney heard the voice , but he quickly answered , " I 'm not going to raise taxes . "
Romney 's campaign has not respond to requests for comment .
Some bloggers are accusing the former Massachusetts Governor of shenanigans .
" Some have speculated that the whisper is a prompt for Russert to add on the rest of the question , " raised taxes , " to what Russert said about Reagan , but listen to how incredibly fast the whisper comes after Russert finishes his sentence .
Seems mighty fast to have been someone trying to get Russert to finish the question - how does the whisperer know that Russert is done ?
It sounds much more like a prompt for Mitt , " wrote blogger Steward Rhodes .
" Recalls  the bulge from the Bush / Kerry debates doesnt it ? " mused Rolling Stone 's Tim Dickinson , referring to a debate in which President Bush appeared to have some sort of transmitter or other device underneath his suit jacket .
Commenters on MNSBC's First Read blog also noticed the incident , although the network removed a post referencing the whisper from its
Web site before replacing it Friday afternoon .
RAW STORY enhanced the audio in the following video to make the whisper easier to hear .
The following screenshot of MSNBC 's first read was posted at the liberal forum , Democratic Underground , before MSNBC took it down .
The following thumbnail screenshot of MSNBC's First Read was posted at the liberal forum , Democratic Underground , before MSNBC took it down .
Click for full size .
As rebukes go in the close - knit world of central banking , few hurt as much as the scathing indictment of US Federal Reserve policy by Professor Anna Schwartz .
The high priestess of US monetarism - a revered figure at the Fed - says the central bank is itself the chief cause of the credit bubble , and now seems stunned as the consequences of its own actions engulf the financial system .
" The new group at the Fed is not equal to the problem that faces it , " she says , daring to utter a thought that fellow critics mostly utter sotto voce .
I was shocked to find that , according to one poll , 52 % of Americans are in favor of bombing Iran if it means preventing it from getting nuclear weapons .
You never know how these questions are exactly worded , and sometimes it 's meant to herd you into a certain answer .
They could ask - " would you refrain from bombing Iran if it meant keeping world peace ? " - and you 'd get a completely different result .
Mike Huckabee just had the nerve to say we might try talking to Iran , really try , not Bush " try " , before we start talking about bombing it .
For his troubles he was treated like a pariah in the Republican party , but he does n't back down .
He says Bush has an " arrogant bunker mentality " in world affairs .
I 'm starting to like this guy .
So aside from the cockamamie , hare - brained idea that pre-emptive war is an answer to anything , let 's take a look at other reasons we should not bomb Iran .
- It would n't do any good , since everyone knows the loose nukes are in Pakistan .
We 've just bought into Bush 's demonization of Iran so much that we keep forgetting the reality .
YaliesForImpeachment.org
In February 2003 , astronomers involved in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence ( SETI ) pointed the massive radio telescope in Arecibo , Puerto Rico , at around 200 sections of the sky .
The same telescope had previously detected unexplained radio signals at least twice from each of these regions , and the astronomers were trying to reconfirm the findings .
The team has now finished analysing the data , and all the signals seem to have disappeared .
Except one , which has got stronger .
This radio signal , now seen on three separate occasions , is an enigma .
It could be generated by a previously unknown astronomical phenomenon .
Or it could be something much more mundane , maybe an artefact of the telescope itself .
But it also happens to be the best candidate yet for a contact by intelligent aliens in the nearly six - year history of the SETI@home project , which uses programs running as screensavers on millions of personal computers worldwide to sift through signals picked up by the Arecibo telescope .
Advertisement
Absorb and emit
“ It ’s the most interesting signal from SETI@home , ” says Dan Werthimer , a radio astronomer at the University of California , Berkeley ( UCB ) and the chief scientist for SETI@home .
“ We ’re not jumping up and down , but we are continuing to observe it . ”
Named SHGb02+14a , the signal has a frequency of about 1420 megahertz .
This happens to be one of the main frequencies at which hydrogen , the most common element in the universe , readily absorbs and emits energy .
Some astronomers have argued that extraterrestrials trying to advertise their presence would be likely to transmit at this frequency , and SETI researchers conventionally scan this part of the radio spectrum .
SHGb02+14a seems to be coming from a point between the constellations Pisces and Aries , where there is no obvious star or planetary system within 1000 light years .
And the transmission is very weak .
“ We are looking for something that screams out artificial ’ , ” says UCB researcher Eric Korpela , who completed the analysis of the signal in April .
“ This just does n’t do that , but it could be because it is distant . ”
Unknown signature
The telescope has only observed the signal for about a minute in total , which is not long enough for astronomers to analyse it thoroughly .
But , Korpela thinks it unlikely SHGb02+14a is the result of any obvious radio interference or noise , and it does not bear the signature of any known astronomical object .
That does not mean that only aliens could have produced it .
“ It may be a natural phenomenon of a previously undreamed - of kind like I stumbled over , ” says Jocelyn Bell Burnell of the University of Bath , UK .
It was Bell Burnell who in 1967 noticed a pulsed radio signal which the research team at the time thought was from extraterrestrials but which turned out to be the first ever sighting of a pulsar .
There are other oddities .
For instance , the signal ’s frequency is drifting by between eight to 37 hertz per second .
“ The signal is moving rapidly in frequency and you would expect that to happen if you are looking at a transmitter on a planet that ’s rotating very rapidly and where the civilisation is not correcting the transmission for the motion of the planet , ” Korpela says .
This does not , however , convince Paul Horowitz , a Harvard University astronomer who looks for alien signals using optical telescopes .
He points out that the SETI@home software corrects for any drift in frequency .
Fishy and puzzling
The fact that the signal continues to drift after this correction is “ fishy ” , he says .
“ If [ the aliens ] are so smart , they ’ll adjust their signal for their planet ’s motion . ”
The relatively rapid drift of the signal is also puzzling for other reasons .
A planet would have to be rotating nearly 40 times faster than Earth to have produced the observed drift ; a transmitter on Earth would produce a signal with a drift of about 1.5 hertz per second .
What is more , if telescopes are observing a signal that is drifting in frequency , then each time they look for it they should most likely encounter it at a slightly different frequency .
But in the case of SHGb02+14a , every observation has first been made at 1420 megahertz , before it starts drifting .
“ It just boggles my mind , ” Korpela says .
The signal could be an artefact that , for some reason , always appears to be coming from the same point in the sky .
The Arecibo telescope has a fixed dish reflector and scans the skies by changing the position of its receiver relative to the dish .
When the receiver reaches a certain position , it might just be able to reflect waves from the ground onto the dish and then back to itself , making it seem as if the signal was coming from space .
“ Perhaps there is an object on the ground near the telescope emitting at about this frequency , ” Korpela says .
This could be confirmed by using a different telescope to listen for SHGb02+14a .
Possible fraud
There is also the possibility of fraud by someone hacking the SETI@home software to make it return evidence for an extraterrestrial transmission .
However , SHGb02+14a was seen on two different occasions by different SETI@home users , and those calculations were confirmed by others .
Then the signal was seen a third time by the SETI@home researchers .
The unusual characteristics of the signal also make it unlikely that someone is playing a prank , Korpela says .
“ As I ca n’t think of any way to make a signal like this , I ca n’t think of any way to fake it . ”
David Anderson , director of SETI@home , remains sceptical but curious about the signal .
“ It ’s unlikely to be real but we will definitely be re-observing it . ”
Bell Burnell agrees that it is worth persisting with .
“ If they can see it four , five or six times it really begins to get exciting , ” she says .
It is already exciting for IT engineers Oliver Voelker of Logpoint in Nuremberg , Germany and Nate Collins of Farin and Associates in Madison , Wisconsin , who found the signal .
Collins wonders how his bosses will react to company computers finding aliens .
“ I might have to explain a little further about just how much I was using [ the computers ] , ” he says .
Today marks the release of Small Arm of Sea , the debut album by female indietronica singer , songwriter and producer Tone ( Sofie Nielsen ) .
While the album itself is unique in its style and substance , seamlessly combining abstract electronic composition techniques with a clear pop sensibility , it is equally as intriguing in terms of distribution .
Small Arm of Sea is available both in stores ( on both combined CD / DVD w/ visuals or vinyl ) and online ( for free , non -DRM download ) , with physical copies containing the text “ Copy this album for your friends , please ! ” .
The most interesting aspect of the album ’s distribution is that Small Arm of Sea is both CC - licensed ( BY - NC - ND ) and backed commercially by KODA , Denmark ’s music collecting society .
This means that not only is Small Arm of Sea available for free and open sharing , but also operating within in the traditional Danish commercial structure , in which KODA collects royalties for commercial uses .
This is the first album of its kind to be released in such a way , and label Urlyd , who are releasing the album , are understandably ecstatic :
Until recently the use of Creative Commons licenses was incompatible with services provided by collecting societies such as KODA ( KODA administers Danish and international copyrights for composers , songwriters and music publishers when their musical works are performed in public ) .
If a singer , musician , publisher , or producer wanted to distribute her work for free online under a Creative Commons license , she was forced to give up the right to receive compensation through royalties collected by the collecting agency .
As a consequence , mostly bands without a recording contract and outside of the collective rights management have used the Creative Commons model .
“ The novelty here is that our artists can collect commercial royalties through the traditional model while fully using the potential of the internet – giving fans the freedom to do what they ultimately do best . ”
Small Arm of Sea is truly a phenomenal album , both in musical quality and as an experiment in new forms of content distribution .
Download it for free here .
Cyclone for C Programmers
We begin with a quick overview of Cyclone , suitable for those who already know how to program in C .
We ’ll explain some of the ways that Cyclone differs from C and some of the reasons why ; you should come away with enough knowledge to start writing , compiling , and running your own Cyclone programs .
We assume that the Cyclone compiler is already installed on your system ( see Installing Cyclone if you need to install the compiler ) .
Getting Started
Here ’s a Cyclone program that prints the string “ hello , world . ”
#include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { printf ( " hello , world
" ) ; return 0 ; }
It looks rather like a C program — in fact , a C compiler will happily compile it .
The program uses #include to tell the preprocessor to import some standard definitions , it defines a distinguished function main that serves as the entry point of the program , and it uses the familiar printf function to handle the printing ; all of this is just as in C .
To compile the program , put it into a file hello.cyc , and run the command
cyclone -o hello hello.cyc
This tells the Cyclone compiler ( cyclone ) to compile the file hello.cyc ; the - o flag tells the compiler to leave the executable output in the file hello ( or , in Windows , hello.exe ) .
If all goes well you can execute the program by typing
hello
and it will print
hello , world
It ’s interesting to compare our program with a version that omits the return statement :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { printf ( " hello , world
" ) ; }
A C compiler will compile and run this version without warning .
In contrast , Cyclone will warn that you have failed to return an int .
Cyclone only warns you when you fail to return an integral type ( char , short , int , etc. ) but it gives an error if you fail to return other types ( e.g. , pointer types ) .
This requirement of definite return ensures type safety while imposing minimal constraints on a programmer porting C code to Cyclone .
Definite return reflects Cyclone ’s concern with safety .
The caller of the function expects to receive a value of the return type ; if the function does not execute a return statement , the caller will receive some incorrect value instead .
If the returned value is supposed to be a pointer , the caller might try to dereference it , and dereferencing an arbitrary address can cause the program to crash .
So , Cyclone requires a return statement with a value of the return type whenever type safety can be compromised .
Pointers
Programs that use pointers properly in C can be both fast and elegant .
But when pointers are used improperly in C , they cause core dumps and buffer overflows .
To prevent this , Cyclone introduces different kinds of pointers and either ( a ) puts some restrictions on how you can use pointers of a given kind or ( b ) places no restrictions but may insert additional run-time checks .
Here we present a basic overview of Cyclone pointers ; they are summarized and covered in more detail in Pointers .
Nullable Pointers
The first kind of pointer is indicated with a * , as in C .
For example , if we declare
int x = 3 ; int *y = &x ;
then y is a pointer to the integer 3 ( the contents of x ) .
The pointer , y , is represented by a memory address , namely , the address of x .
To refer to the contents of y , you use *y , so , for example , you can increment the value of x with an assignment like
*y = *y + 1 ;
This much is just as in C .
However , there are some differences in Cyclone :
You ca n’t cast an integer to a pointer .
Cyclone prevents this because it would let you overwrite arbitrary memory locations .
In Cyclone , NULL is a keyword suitable for situations where you would use a ( casted ) 0 in C .
The compiler accepts 0 as a legal possibly - null pointer value , but using NULL is preferred .
You ca n’t do pointer arithmetic on a * pointer .
Pointer arithmetic in C can take a pointer out of bounds , so that when the pointer is eventually dereferenced , it corrupts memory or causes a crash .
( However , pointer arithmetic is possible using @fat and @zeroterm pointers . )
pointer .
Pointer arithmetic in C can take a pointer out of bounds , so that when the pointer is eventually dereferenced , it corrupts memory or causes a crash .
( However , pointer arithmetic is possible using @fat and @zeroterm pointers . )
There is one other way to crash a C program using pointers : you can dereference the NULL pointer or try to update the NULL location .
Cyclone prevents this by inserting a null check whenever you dereference a * pointer ( that is , whenever you use the * , -> , or subscript operation on a pointer . )
These are drastic differences from C , particularly the restriction on pointer arithmetic .
The benefit is that you ca n’t cause a crash using * pointers in Cyclone .
Fat Pointers
If you need to do pointer arithmetic in Cyclone , you can use a second kind of pointer , called a fat pointer and indicated by writing the qualifier @fat after the * .
For example , here is a program that echoes its command - line arguments :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( int argc , char * @fat * @fat argv ) { argc --; argv ++ ; /* skip command name */ if ( argc > 0 ) { /* print first arg without a preceding space */ printf ( " %s " , * argv ) ; argc -- ; argv ++ ; } while ( argc > 0 ) { /* print other args with a preceding space */ printf ( " %s " , * argv ) ; argc -- ; argv ++ ; } printf ( "
" ) ; return 0 ; }
Except for the declaration of argv , which holds the command - line arguments , the program looks just like you would write it in C : pointer arithmetic ( argv + + ) is used to move argv to point to each argument in turn , so it can be printed .
In C , argv would typically be declared with type char ** , a pointer to a pointer to a character , which is thought of as an array of an array of characters .
In Cyclone , argv is instead declared with type char * @fat*@fat , which is thought of in the same way : it is a ( fat ) pointer to a ( fat ) pointer to characters .
The difference between an unqualified pointer and a @fat pointer is that a @fat pointer comes with bounds information and is thus “ fatter ” than a traditional pointer .
Each time a fat pointer is dereferenced or its contents are assigned to , Cyclone inserts both a null check and a bounds check .
This guarantees that a @fat pointer can never cause a buffer overflow .
Because of the bounds information contained in @fat pointers , argc is superfluous : you can get the size of argv by writing numelts ( argv ) .
We ’ve kept argc as an argument of main for backwards compatibility .
It ’s worth remarking that you can always cast a * pointer to a @fat pointer ( and vice - versa ) .
So , it is possible to do pointer arithmetic on a value of type * , but only when you insert the appropriate casts to convert from one pointer type to another .
Note that some of these casts can fail at run-time .
For instance , if you try to cast a fat pointer that points to an empty sequence of characters to char * , then the cast will fail since the sequence does n’t contain at least one character .
Finally , @fat pointers are used so frequently in Cyclone , that there is special character , ? ( question mark ) that you can use as an abbreviation for * @fat .
For instance , we could write the prototype for main as :
int main ( int argc , char ?? argv ) ;
instead of the more verbose :
int main ( int argc , char * @fat * @fat argv ) ;
Non-NULL Pointers
Another kind of pointer in Cyclone is the non-NULL pointer .
A non-NULL pointer is indicated by the qualifier @notnull .
A @notnull pointer is like an unqualified pointer , except that it is guaranteed not to be NULL .
This means that when you dereference a @notnull pointer or assign to its contents , a null check is sometimes unnecessary .
@notnull pointers are useful in Cyclone both for efficiency and as documentation .
This can be seen at work in the standard library , where many functions take @notnull pointers as arguments , or return @notnull pointers as results .
For example , the getc function that reads a character from a file is declared ,
int getc( FILE * @notnull ) ;
This says that getc expects to be called with a non-NULL pointer to a FILE .
Cyclone guarantees that , in fact , when the getc function is entered , its argument is not NULL .
This means that getc does not have to test whether it is NULL , or decide what to do if it is in fact NULL .
In C , the argument of getc is declared to have type FILE * , and programmers can call getc with NULL .
So for safety , C ’s getc ought to check for NULL .
In practice , many C implementations omit the check ; getc( NULL ) is an easy way to crash a C program .
In Cyclone , you can still call getc with a possibly - NULL FILE pointer ( a FILE * ) .
However , Cyclone insists that you insert a check before the actual call :
FILE *f = fopen ( " / etc/ passwd " , " r " ) ; int c = getc ( ( FILE * @notnull ) f ) ;
Here f will be NULL if the file / etc / passwd does n’t exist or ca n’t be read .
So , in Cyclone f must be cast to FILE * @notnull before the call to getc .
The cast causes a null check .
If you try to call getc without the cast , Cyclone will insert one for you automatically , and warn you that it is doing so .
These warnings do not mean that your program is unsafe — after all , Cyclone has inserted the check for you .
However , you should pay attention to the warnings because they indicate a place where your program could suddenly halt ( if the check fails ) , and because the inserted checks can slow down your program .
It ’s worth rewriting your code to handle the error case better , or even eliminate the null check .
For instance , if we rewrite the code above so that we explicitly test whether or not fopen succeeds in returning a non-NULL file descriptor :
FILE *f = fopen ( " / etc/ passwd " , " r " ) ; if ( f == NULL ) { fprintf ( stderr , " cannot open passwd file ! " ) ; exit ( - 1 ) ; } int c = getc ( f ) ;
then Cyclone no longer issues a warning at the call to getc and the resulting code does not have to do a null check .
If you call getc with a FILE * @notnull , of course , no check is required .
For example , stdin is a FILE * @notnull in Cyclone , so you can simply call getc( stdin ) .
In Cyclone you will find that many functions return * @notnull pointers , so many of the pointers you deal with will already be * @notnull pointers , and neither the caller nor the called function needs to do null checks — and this is perfectly safe .
Like @fat pointers , @notnull pointers are so useful , Cyclone provides an abbreviation .
Instead of writing FILE * @notnull , you can simply write FILE @ when you want to write the type of a non-NULL pointer to a FILE .
Zero-Terminated Pointers
Fat pointers support arbitrary pointer arithmetic and subscripting , but they do n’t have the same representation as pointers in C .
This is because we need extra information to determine the bounds and ensure that a subscript or dereference is in bounds .
Unfortunately , this change in representations can make it difficult to interface with legacy C code where the representations might not be easily changed .
Fortunately , Cyclone supports one more pointer type where the representation matches C’s and yet supports a limited form of pointer arithmetic and subscripting : the zero- terminated pointer .
A zero -terminated pointer is a pointer to a sequence of elements that are guaranteed to be terminated with a zero .
C’s strings are a good example .
In Cyclone , the type of C ’s strings can be written as char * @zeroterm .
The @zeroterm qualifier indicates that the pointer points to a zero- terminated sequence .
The qualifier is orthogonal to other qualifiers , such as @fat or @notnull , so you can freely combine them .
Because C strings arise so frequently , the types char * , char * @notnull , and char * @fat are by default qualified with @zeroterm .
You can override the @zeroterm qualifier on char pointers by putting in an explicit @nozeroterm qualifier ( e.g. , char * @nozeroterm ) .
Pointers to other types ( e.g. , int * ) have a default qualifier of @nozeroterm .
If x is a * @zeroterm pointer , you can use pointer arithmetic on it , as in x+i .
However , the compiler inserts checks to ensure that ( a ) i is non-negative and ( b ) there is no zero between x [ 0 ] and x [ i - 1 ] inclusive .
This ensures that you ca n’t read past the terminating zero .
In addition , when writing to a zero - terminated pointer , the compiler inserts checks to ensure that you do n’t replace the final zero with some other value .
This is crucial for ensuring that a buffer overrun cannot occur .
As in C , x[ i ] is equivalent to x+i , so subscripts come with the same checks .
Because of these checks , subscripts and pointer arithmetic on * @zeroterm can be fairly expensive .
In particular , if you are not careful , you can turn what appears to be an O ( n ) algorithm into an O ( n - squared ) one .
You can avoid this overhead by casting the pointer to a @fat zero - terminated pointer .
This computes the length of the sequence once and then uses the bounds information associated with the fat pointer to do any bounds checks .
Cyclone ’s constraints on zero- terminated pointers mean that you have to be careful when porting code from C .
For instance , consider the following function :
void foo( char *s , int offset ) { unsigned int len = strlen (s ) ; for ( unsigned int i = 0 ; offset + i < len ; i++ ) s[ offset+i ] = 'a ' ; }
This code can be quite expensive when offset is large because the compiler must check that there is no intervening zero between s [ 0 ] and s[offset+i ] for each iteration of the loop .
You can get rid of this overhead by rewriting the code as follows :
void foo( char *s , int offset ) { unsigned int len = strlen(s ) ; s = s + offset ; for ( unsigned int i = 0 ; offset + i < len ; i++ , s++) *s = 'a ' ; }
Now the compiler is only checking that *s is not zero when it does the increment s++.
In addition , however , the compiler is checking each time you do *s = ' a ' that *s is not zero , because then you could overwrite the zero with an ' a ' and potentially step outside the bounds of the buffer .
One way to get rid of all of these checks is to cast s to a non -zero - terminated fat pointer before entering the loop .
When you cast a zero- terminated pointer to a non-zero - terminated fat pointer , the compiler calculates the length of the sequence once , decrements it by one , and then builds an appropriate fat pointer with this bounds information .
When you write using the fat pointer , bounds checks ( not zero checks ) keep you from writing any value over the zero .
Furthermore , if you write the code in a straightforward fashion using subscripting , the compiler is more likely to eliminate the bounds checks .
Here is an example :
void foo( char *s , int offset ) { char * @fat @nozeroterm fat_s = ( char * @fat @nozeroterm )s ; unsigned int len ; fat_s += offset ; len = numelts ( fat_s ) ; for ( unsigned int i = 0 ; i < len ; i++) fat_s [ i ] = 'a ' ; }
The Cyclone compiler generates code that works like the following C code :
struct _tagged_arr { char * base ; char * curr ; char * last ; } ; void Cyc_foo ( char * s , int offset ) { struct _tagged_arr fat_s = {s , s , s+strlen ( s ) } ; unsigned int len ; fat_s.curr += offset ; if ( fat_s.curr < fat_s.base || fat_s.curr >= fat_s.last ) len = 0 ; else len = fat_s.
last - fat_s.curr ; { unsigned int i = 0 ; for ( 0 ; i < len ; i++) fat_s.curr[i ] = 'a ' ; } }
Notice that here , the compiler is able to eliminate all bounds checks within the loop and still ensure safety .
Bounded Pointers
A pointer type can also specify that it points to a sequence of a particular ( statically known ) length using the @numelts qualifier .
For instance , we can write :
void foo( int * @numelts ( 4 ) arr ) ;
Here , the parameter arr is a pointer to a sequence of four integer values .
Both the non-null and nullable pointers ( but not fat pointers ) support explicit sequence bounds that are tracked statically .
Indeed , both pointer kinds always have length information and when you write “ int * ” this is just short - hand for “ int * @numelts ( 1 ) ” .
Bounded pointers are most often constructed from arrays .
In particular , whenever you pass an array as a parameter to a function , it is promoted automatically to a pointer , following the rules of C .
This pointer will have a sequence bound that is the same as the length of the array .
Here is an example of calling foo above :
int x [ 4 ] = { 1,2,3,4} ; int y [ 8 ] = { 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} ; foo( x ) ; foo(y ) ;
In the first call , the parameter x being passed to foo is automatically cast to type int * @numelts ( 4 ) , which is the type expected by foo .
In the second case , the type of y is automatically cast to type int * @numelts ( 8 ) .
Since 8 ≥ 4 , the call is safe and so Cyclone accepts it but emits a warning “ implicit cast to shorter array . ”
Finally , the following code will be rejected , because the pointer being passed is too short :
int bad [ 2 ] = { 1,2} ; foo ( bad ) ; // does not typecheck
Finally , bounded pointers can also be used to correlate a pointer to an array whose length is not known statically with a variable that defines it .
For example , C programmers often write code like the following :
int sum ( int num , int * p ) { int a = 0 ; for ( unsigned i = 0 ; i < num ; i++) a += p[i ] ; }
Here , num is the length of the array pointed at by p .
In Cyclone , this relationship can be expressed by giving sum the following type ( the body of the function is the same ) :
int sum ( tag_t < `n > num , int * @notnull @numelts ( valueof ( `n ) ) p ) {
The type of num is specified as tag_t < `n > .
This simply means that num holds an integer value , called `n , and the number of elements of p is equal to n .
This form of dependency is common enough that it can be abbreviated as follows :
int sum ( tag_t num , int p[num ] ) ;
and the compiler will fill in the missing information .
A bounded pointer paired with a tag_t is quite similar to a fat pointer .
Indeed , you can convert between the two using the library functions mkfat and mkthin .
Initializing Pointers
Pointers must be initialized before they are used to ensure that unknown bits do not get used as a pointer .
This requirement goes for variables that have pointer type , as well for arrays , elements of arrays , and for fields in structures .
Conversely , data that does not have pointer type need not be initialized before it is used , since doing so cannot result in a violation of safety .
This decision adheres to the philosophy of C , but diverges from that of traditional type - safe languages like Java and ML .
The rules for initialization of pointers used by Cyclone are described in Definite Assignment .
Regions
Another potential way to crash a program or violate security is to dereference a dangling pointer , which is a pointer to storage that has been deallocated .
These are particularly insidious bugs because the error might not manifest itself immediately .
For example , consider the following C code :
struct Point {int x ; int y;} ; struct Point * newPoint ( int x , int y ) { struct Point result = {x , y} ; return &result ; } void foo ( struct Point * p ) { p->y = 1234 ; return ; } void bar ( ) { struct Point *p = new Point ( 1,2 ) ; foo( p ) ; }
The code has an obvious bug : the function newPoint returns a pointer to a locally - defined variable ( result ) , even though the storage for that variable is deallocated upon exit from the function .
That storage may be re-used ( e.g. , by a subsequent procedure call ) leading to subtle bugs or security problems .
For instance , in the code above , after bar calls newPoint , the storage for the point is reused to store information for the activation record of the call to foo .
This includes a copy of the pointer p and the return address of foo .
Therefore , it may be that p->y actually points to the return address of foo .
The assignment of the integer 1234 to that location could then result in foo “ returning ” to an arbitrary hunk of code in memory .
Nevertheless , the C type - checker readily admits the code .
In Cyclone , this code would be rejected by the type - checker to avoid the kind of problems mentioned above .
The reason the code is rejected is that the Cyclone compiler tracks object lifetimes and ensures that a pointer to an object can only be dereferenced if that object has not been deallocated .
Cyclone achieves this by assigning each object a symbolic region that corresponds to the area of memory in which the object is allocated .
Cyclone also tracks , for every pointer , what region it points into .
The region pointed to can be written as part of the pointer type , but usually the region can be omitted –the compiler is smart enough to discover the region automatically in many cases .
For example , the variable result in our code above lives within a region that corresponds to the invocation of the function newPoint .
We write the name of the region explicitly using a back - quote , as in `newPoint .
Because result lives in region `newPoint , the expression &result is a pointer into region `newPoint .
The full Cyclone type of &result , with the explicit region , is struct Point * @region ( `newPoint ) .
A region that corresponds to a lexical block , like an activation record , is referred to as a stack region , since it corresponds to a piece of the runtime stack .
When control flow exits a block , the storage ( i.e. , the stack region ) for that block is deallocated .
Cyclone keeps track of the set of regions that are allocated and deallocated at every control - flow point and ensures that you only dereference pointers to allocated regions .
For example , consider the following fragment of ( bad ) Cyclone code :
1 int f( ) { 2 int x = 0 ; 3 int * @region ( `f ) y = &x ; 4 L: { int a = 0 ; 5 y = &a ; 6 } 7 return *y ; 8 }
In the function f above , the variables x and y live within the region `f because they are declared in the outermost block of the function , and because the default region name for the block of a function is `< function name > .
The storage for those variables will live as long as the invocation of the function .
Note that since y is a pointer to x , the type of y is int * @region ( `f ) , indicating that y points into region `f .
The variable a does not live in region `f , because it is declared in an inner block , which we have labeled with L .
The storage for the inner block L may be deallocated upon exit of the block , before the function itself returns .
To be more precise , the storage for a is deallocated at line 6 in the code .
Thus , it is an error to try to access this storage in the rest of the computation , as is done on line 7 .
Cyclone detects the error because it gives the expression &a the type int * @region ( `L ) , meaning that the value is a pointer into region `L .
So , the assignment y = &a fails to type - check because y expects to hold a pointer into region `f , not region `L .
The restriction , compared to C , is that a pointer ’s type indicates one region instead of all regions .
Region Inference
If you had to write a @region qualifier on every pointer type , then writing code would be unpleasant .
Fortunately , Cyclone provides a number of mechanisms to cut down on the region annotations you have to write .
First off , you can omit the @region qualifier keyword and simply write the region name ( e.g. , `r ) as long as you put the region name after any other qualifiers .
For instance , instead of writing “ int * @notnull @region ( `r ) ” we can simply write “ int @`r ” .
For clarity , we will often use an explicit @region qualifier , but you ’ll find that the libraries and other example programs frequently use the abbreviations .
In addition , Cyclone often figures out the region of a pointer without the programmer providing the information .
This is called region inference .
For instance , we can rewrite the function f above without any region annotations , and without labeling the blocks :
1 int f( ) { 2 int x = 0 ; 3 int *y = &x ; 4 { int a = 0 ; 5 y = &a ; 6 } 7 return *y ; 8 }
Cyclone can still figure out that y is a pointer into region `f , and &a is a pointer into a different ( now anonymous ) region , so the code should be rejected .
As we will show below , occasionally you will need to put explicit region annotations into the code to convince the type - checker that something points into a particular region , or that two things point into the same region .
In addition , it is sometimes useful to put in the region annotations for documentation purposes , or to make type errors less cryptic .
See Type Inference for more information about region inference .
You need to understand a few more details about regions to be an effective Cyclone programmer : the heap region , LIFO regions , region polymorphism , and default region annotations for function parameters .
The following sections give a brief overview of these topics .
Information about additional region - based constructs , including the unique and reference - counted regions , and dynamic regions , can be found in Memory Management Via Regions .
The Heap Region
There is a special region for the heap , written `H , that holds all of the storage for top - level variables , and for data allocated via new or malloc .
For instance , if we write the following declarations at the top - level :
struct Point p = { 0,1} ; struct Point * ptr = &p ;
then Cyclone figures out that ptr points into the heap region .
To reflect this explicitly , we can put the region in the type of ptr if we like :
struct Point p = { 0,1} ; struct Point * @region ( `H ) ptr = &p ;
As another example , the following function heap - allocates a Point and returns it to the caller .
We put the regions in here to be explicit :
struct Point * @region ( `H ) good_newPoint ( int x , int y ) { struct Point * @region ( `H ) p = malloc ( sizeof ( struct Point ) ) ; p->x = x ; p->y = y ; return p ; }
Alternatively , we can use new to heap - allocate and initialize the result :
struct Point * @region ( `H ) good_newPoint ( int x , int y ) { return new Point{x , y} ; }
LIFO Regions
Storage on the stack is implicitly allocated and recycled when you enter and leave a block .
Storage in the heap is explicitly allocated via new or malloc , but there is no support in Cyclone for explicitly freeing an object in the heap .
The reason is that Cyclone cannot in general track the lifetimes of individual objects within the heap accurately , so it ca n’t be sure whether dereferencing a pointer into the heap would cause problems .
Instead , unless otherwise specified , a conservative garbage collector is used to reclaim the data allocated in the heap .
We also support unique pointers and reference - counted pointers that programmers can safely free manually , but we defer discussion of these features to Memory Management Via Regions .
Using a garbage collector to recycle memory is the right thing to do for most applications .
For instance , the Cyclone compiler uses heap - allocated data and relies upon the collector to recycle most objects it creates when compiling a program .
But a garbage collector can introduce pauses in the program , and as a general purpose memory manager , might not be as space - or time - efficient as routines tailored to an application .
To address these applications , Cyclone provides support for LIFO regions .
A LIFO region is similar to a stack region in that its lifetime is lexically - scoped ( last - in - first - out , or LIFO ) but permits dynamic allocation .
Consider the following syntax :
{ region < `r > h ; ... }
This declares a new region `r along with a region handle h .
The handle can be used for dynamically - allocating objects within the region `r .
Like a stack region , all of the storage for the region is deallocated at the point of the closing brace .
Unlike stack regions , the number ( and size ) of objects that you allocate into a LIFO region is not fixed at compile time .
In this respect , LIFO regions are more like the heap .
You can use the rnew ( h ) and rmalloc ( h , … ) operations to allocate objects within a growable region , where h is the handle for the region .
For instance , the following code takes an integer n , creates a new dynamic region and allocates an array of size n within the region using rnew .
int k( int n ) { int result ; { region < `r > h ; int ?arr = rnew ( h ) { for i < n : i} ; result = process ( h , arr ) ; } return result ; }
It then passes the handle for the region and the array to some processing function .
Note that the processing function is free to allocate objects into the region `r using the supplied handle .
After processing the array , we exit the region which deallocates the array , and then return the calculated result .
LIFO regions are particularly useful in this circumstance ; i.e. , when you want the result of a function call to be allocated in the caller , but you do n’t know how much space you ’ll need .
An another example , consider the following usage of the Cyclone library function rprintf :
{ region < `r > h ; char ?
`H s = get_username ( ) ; char ? `r z = rprintf ( h , " hello %s
" ) ; emit ( z ) ; }
After allocating the region and acquring a user ’s name , the region handle is passed to the library function rprintf .
rprintf is like sprintf , except that it does not print to a fixed - sized buffer ; instead it allocates a buffer in a region , places the formatted output in the buffer , and returns a pointer to the buffer .
In the example above , z is initialized with a pointer to the string “ hello ” followed by the user ’s name ; z is allocated in h’s region .
Unlike sprintf , there is no risk of a buffer overflow , and unlike snprintf , there is no risk of passing a buffer that is too small .
Moreover , the allocated buffer will be freed when the region goes out of scope , just as a stack - allocated buffer would be .
Finally , it is worth remarking that it may help to think of the heap as just a LIFO region with unbounded scope .
Indeed , you can use the global variable Core : : heap_region as a handle on the heap , and new and malloc ( … ) are just abbreviations for rnew ( Core : : heap_region ) and rmalloc ( Core : : heap_region , ... ) respectively .
Region Polymorphism
Another key concept you need to understand is called region polymorphism .
This is just a fancy way of saying that you can write functions in Cyclone that do n’t care which specific region a given object lives in , as long as it ’s still alive .
For example , the function foo from the beginning of this section is a region - polymorphic function .
To make this clear , let us re-write the foo function from above , making the region of its argument explicit :
void foo ( struct Point * @region ( `r ) p ) { p->y = 1234 ; return ; }
The function is parameterized by a region variable r , and accepts a pointer to a Point that lives in region r.
When calling foo , r can be _instantiated_ with any region you like , including the heap H , or a region local to a function .
So , for instance , we can write the following :
void g( ) { struct Point p = { 0,1} ; struct Point * @region ( `g ) ptr1 = &p ; struct Point * @region ( `H ) ptr2 = new Point { 2,3} ; foo ( ptr1 ) ; foo ( ptr2 ) ; }
Note that in the first call to foo , we are passing a pointer into region g , and in the second call to foo , we are passing in a pointer into the heap .
In the first call , r is implicitly instantiated with g , and in the second call , with H .
Region polymorphism is a specific form of parametric polymorphism which Cyclone supports in general , as we describe below .
Default Region Annotations
Cyclone automatically assigns region variables to function arguments that have pointer type , so you rarely have to write them .
For instance , foo can be written simply as :
void foo ( struct Point * p ) { p->y = 1234 ; return ; }
As another example , if you write the following :
void h( struct Point * p1 , struct Point * p2 ) { p1->x += p2->x ; p2->x +=
p2->y ; }
then Cyclone fills in the region parameters for you by assuming that the points p1 and p2 can live in any two regions , and so it generates assigns fresh names for the region variables of p1 and p2 , e.g. something like r1 and r2 .
To make this explicit , we would write :
void h( struct Point * @region ( `r1 ) p1 , struct Point * @region ( `r2 ) p2 ) { p1->x += p2->x ; p2->x +=
p2->y ; }
Now we can call h with pointers into any two regions , or even two pointers into the same region .
This is because the code is type - correct for all regions r1 and r2 .
Occasionally , you will have to put region parameters in explicitly .
This happens when you need to assert that two pointers point into the same region .
Consider for instance the following function :
void j( struct Point * p1 , struct Point * p2 ) { p1 = p2 ; }
Cyclone will reject the code because it assumes that in general , p1 and p2 might point into different regions .
The error is roughly the following :
foo.cyc : 2 : type mismatch : struct Point * `GR0 != struct Point * `GR1 `GR1 and `GR0 are not compatible .
( variable types are not the same )
Cyclone has picked the name GR1 for p1 ’s region , and GR2 for p2 ’s region .
That is , Cyclone fills in the missing regions as follows :
void j( struct Point * @region ( `GR1 ) p1 , struct Point * @region ( `GR2 ) p2 ) { p1 = p2 ; }
Now it is clear that the assignment does not type - check because the types of p1 and p2 differ .
In other words , `GR1 and `GR2 might be instantiated with different regions , in which case the code would be incorrect .
For example , we could call j as follows :
void g( ) { struct Point p = { 0,1} ; struct Point * @region ( `g ) ptr1 = &p ; struct Point * @region ( `H ) ptr2 = new Point { 2,3} ; j( ptr2, ptr1 ) ; }
Doing this would effectively allow us to assign ptr1 to ptr2 , which is unsafe in general , since the heap outlives the stack region for g .
But you can require that j’s regions be instantiated with the same region by explicitly specifying the same explicit region variable for each pointer .
Thus , the following code does type - check :
void j( struct Point * @region ( `r ) p1 , struct Point * @region ( `r ) p2 ) { p1 = p2 ; }
This would prevent the situation in function g above , since the arguments passed to j must be allocated in the same region .
So , Cyclone assumes that each pointer argument to a function is in a ( potentially ) different region unless you specify otherwise .
The reason we chose this as the default is that ( a ) it is often the right choice for code , ( b ) it is the most general type in the sense that if it does work out , clients will have the most lattitude in passing arguments from different regions or the same region to the function .
What region variable is chosen for return - types that mention pointers ?
Here , there is no good answer because the region of the result of a function cannot be easily determined without looking at the body of the function , which defeats separate compilation of function definitions from their prototypes .
Therefore , we have arbitrarily chosen the heap as the default region for function results .
Consequently , the following code type - checks :
struct Point * good_newPoint( int x , int y ) { return new Point{x , y} ; }
This is because the new operator returns a pointer to the heap , and the default region for the return type is the heap .
This also explains why the newPoint function ( page [ ?? ] [ 13 ] ) for allocating a new Point does not type - check :
struct Point * newPoint ( int x , int y ) { struct Point result = {x , y} ; return &result ; }
The expression &result is a pointer into region `newPoint but the result type of the function must be a pointer into the heap ( region `H ) .
If you want to return a pointer that is not in the heap region , then you need to put the region in explicitly .
For instance , the following code :
int * id ( int * x ) { return x ; }
will not type - check .
To see why , let us rewrite the code with the default region annotations filled in .
The argument is assumed to be in a region `GR1 , and the result is assumed to be in the heap , so the fully elaborated code is :
int * @region ( `H ) id ( int * @region ( `GR1 ) x ) { return x ; }
Now the type - error is manifest .
To fix the code , we must put in explicit regions to connect the argument type with the result type .
For instance , we might write :
int * @region ( `r ) id ( int * @region ( `r ) x ) { return x ; }
or using the abbreviation :
int * `r id ( int * `r x ) { return x ; }
Region Summary
In summary , each pointer in Cyclone points into a given region and this region is reflected in the type of the pointer .
Cyclone will not let you dereference a pointer into a deallocated region .
The lexical blocks declared in functions correspond to one type of region ( a stack region ) , and simply declaring a variable within that block allocates storage within the region .
The storage is deallocated upon exit of the block .
LIFO regions are similar , except that a dynamic number of objects can be allocated within the region using the region ’s handle .
Both stack and LIFO regions have structured lifetimes .
Finally , the heap region `H is a special region whose dead objects are garbage collected .
Region polymorphism and region inference make it possible to omit many region annotations on types .
By default , Cyclone assumes that unannotated pointer arguments in functions may live in distinct regions , and that unannotated result pointers are in the heap .
These assumptions are not perfect , but programmers can fix the assumptions by providing explicit region annotations , and they permit Cyclone files to be separately compiled .
The region - based type system of Cyclone is perhaps the complicated aspect of the language .
In large part , this is because memory management is a difficult and tricky business .
We have attempted to make stack allocation and region polymorphic functions simple to use without sacrificing programmer control over the lifetimes of objects and without ( always ) having to resort to garbage collection .
As more advanced features , we also provide even finer control over object lifetimes , but at the expense of more work from the programmer , using the unique region and reference - counted regions .
In turn , these can be used to create dynamic regions , which support run-time allocation like LIFO regions , but have dynamic scope .
For more information on these , and regions in general , see Memory Management Via Regions .
Arrays
Arrays in Cyclone are much as in C , and have a similar relationship to pointers , as we discussed earlier .
However , there are more ways to create arrays in Cyclone , but with some restrictions on how they are initialized .
One can always declare an array and provide an initializer as in C .
For instance :
int foo [ 8 ] = { 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} ; char s [ 4 ] = " bar " ;
are both examples from C for creating arrays .
Note that Cyclone follows C’s conventions here , so that if you declare arrays as above within a function , then the lifetime of the array coincides with the activation record of the enclosing scope .
In other words , such arrays will be stack - allocated .
Also note that by default , char arrays are not considered zero- terminated .
To make them so , you must add the @zeroterm qualifier following the size of the array , as in
char s [ 4 ] @zeroterm = " bar " ;
In both cases , the size of the array must include the zero terminator .
To create heap - allocated arrays ( or strings ) within a Cyclone function , you should either use “ new ” or “ rnew ” operator with either an array initializer or an array comprehension .
The following code demonstrates this :
// foo is a pointer to a heap - allocated array int * @numelts ( 8 ) foo = new { 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} ; // s is a checked pointer to a heap - allocated string char * @fat s = new {'b ' , 'a ' , 'r ',0} ; // a non-null pointer to the first 100 even numbers int * @notnull @numelts ( 100 ) evens = new {for i < 100 : 2*i} ;
The last initializer is an array comprehension .
The syntax is a simplified for loop : it declares the iterator variable i and its bound 100 , indicating that i will iterate between 0 and 99 .
The part following the colon is the expression used to initialize the ith element of the array .
In this example , the initializer is equivalent to writing
int * @notnull @numelts ( 100 ) evens = new { 0,2,4,6 , ...,198} ;
Where the … represents the remaining even numbers in the sequence .
Finally , we note that it is not possible to create arrays that contain pointers without initializing them first .
This is just as with normal pointers as discussed earlier .
Moreover , Cyclone requires that pointerful arrays are initialized all at once , rather than one statement at a time .
This is because Cyclone is not smart enough to know whether you have initialized an entire array , in general .
For example , the following code would be rejected :
void f( int * p ) { int * x [ 2 ] ; x [ 0 ] = p ; x [ 1 ] = p ; }
Arrays that do not contain pointers need not be completely initialized in general to ensure safety , so how they are initilaized is up to the programmer .
Structs
Cyclone supports struct types just as in C. Quite often , a C struct declaration will be accepted without change by the Cyclone compiler .
Cyclone supports two extensions to struct types in C : tuples , which are lightweight , “ unnamed ” structs , and parameterization for creating more generic datastructures .
We consider tuples below , and delay talking about parameterization until [ a bit later ] [ 15 ] ;
Tuples are like structs that need not be declared in advance ; they have member or field names that are implicitly 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , etc .
For example , the following code declares x to be a 3 - tuple of an integer , a character , and a boolean , initialized with the values 42 , ‘ z’ , and true respectively .
It then checks to see whether the third component in the tuple is true ( it is ) and if so , increments the first component in the tuple .
$ ( int , char , bool ) x = $ ( 42 , 'z ' , true ) if ( x [ 2 ] ) x [ 0 ] ++;
The above code would be roughly equivalent to writing :
struct {int f0 ; char f1 ; bool f2 ;} x = { 42 , 'z ' , true} ; if ( x.f2 ) x.f1 ++;
Thus , tuple types are written $ ( type1 , … , typen ) , tuple constructor expressions are written $ ( exp1 , … , expn ) , and extracting the ith component of a tuple is written using subscript notation exp [ i - 1 ] .
Note that , consistent with the rest of C , the members start with 0 , not 1 .
Unlike structs , tuple types are treated equivalent as long as they are structurally equivalent .
As in C , struct types are equivalent only if they have the same tag or name .
( Note that in C , all struct declarations have a tag , even if the compiler has to generate one . )
Unions
It ’s often necessary to write a function that accepts an argument with more than one possible type .
For example , in
printf ( " %d " , x ) ;
x should be an integer , but in
printf ( " %s " , x ) ;
x should be a pointer to a sequence of characters .
If we call printf ( “ %s ” , x ) with an integer x , instead of a pointer x , the program will likely crash .
To prevent this , most C compilers treat printf specially : they examine the first argument and require that the remaining arguments have the appropriate types .
However , a compiler can’t check this if printf is n’t called with a literal format string :
printf (s , x ) ;
where s is a string variable .
This means that in C , programs that use printf ( or scanf , or a number of related functions ) are vulnerable to crashes and corrupted memory .
In fact , it ’s possible for someone else to crash your program by causing it to call printf with arguments that do n’t match the format string .
This is called a format string attack , and it ’s an increasingly common exploit .
Tagged Unions
Cyclone provides tagged unions so that you can safely write functions that accept an argument with more than one possible type .
Like a C union , a Cyclone @tagged union is a type that has several possible cases .
Here ’s a simple example :
@tagged union T { int Integer ; const char * @fat String ; } ; union T x = {.
Integer = 3} ; union T y = {.
String = " hello , world " } ;
This declares a new tagged union type T , that can hold either an integer or a string ( remember , a literal string can always be converted to a char * @fat in Cyclone ) .
It also declares to union T values x and y and initializes them with an integer and string respectively .
Just as with C unions , you can read and write any member of a tagged union .
However , to prevent security holes , Cyclone enforces the property that you can only read the last member written .
This prevents you from accidentally treating an integer as if it ’s a string or some other kind of pointer .
Cyclone enforces this safety property by inserting a hidden tag into the union ( hence the @tagged qualifier . )
You can test the tag by using the built - in tagcheck function .
For instance , here is a function that uses the real printf to safely print out the contents of a union T value , regardless of its contents :
bool printT ( union T w ) { if ( tagcheck ( w .
Integer ) ) printf ( " %d " , w ) ; else printf ( " %s " , w ) ; }
Note that tagcheck ( w. Integer ) does not return the value of the Integer member , but rather returns true if and only if the Integer member was the last member written ( and is thus safe to read . )
Each write to a tagged union member causes the hidden tag to be updated , and each read is preceded by a check to ensure that the member was the last one written .
If you attempt to read some member other than the last one written , then the Match exception is thrown .
For example , the following code writes the String member and then attempts to read the Integer member , so it will throw a Match exception :
union T a ; int x ; a .
String = " hello , world " ; /*
Next line fails */ x = a .
Integer + 3 ;
When you have a big union , it can be awkward to use tagcheck to test the hidden tag .
You might accidentally test the wrong member or forget to cover a member .
In these cases , its probably best to use pattern matching to determine the tag and to extract the underlying value .
For example , here is the function printT coded with pattern matching :
void printT ( union T a ) { switch ( a ) { case {.
Integer = i} : printf ( " %d " , i ) ; return ; case {. String = s} : printf ( " %s " , s ) ; return ; } }
The argument a has type union T , so it is either an Integer or String .
Cyclone extends switch statements with patterns that distinguish between the cases .
The first case ,
case {.
Integer = i} : printf ( " %d " , i ) ; return ;
contains a pattern , { Integer = i} , that will match only T values where the Integer member was the last one written .
The variable i is bound to the underlying integer , and it can be used in the body of the case .
For example , printT ( x ) will print 3 , since x holds {.
Integer = 3} , and printT (y ) will print hello , world .
You can find out more about patterns in Pattern Matching .
Untagged Unions
Cyclone also supports untagged unions , but there are restrictions on how they may be used to ensure safety .
In particular , you can write any value you like into a union , but you can only read out values that do not contain pointers .
This ensures that you do n’t “ spoof ” a pointer with an integer or some other bogus value .
So , the general rule is that you can use a normal C union if you are n’t using pointers , but you must use a @tagged union if you are using pointers .
Datatypes
Cyclone provides another alternative to tagged unions for supporting hetrogenous values called a datatype .
Tagged unions require space proportional to the largest member ( plus room for the tag . )
In contrast , a datatype only requires space for the member being used .
However , datatypes cannot be updated with a different member and require a level of indirection .
Here is our example type re-coded using a datatype declaration :
datatype T { Integer ( int ) ; String ( const char * @fat ) ; } ; datatype T.Integer x = Integer ( 3 ) ; datatype T.String y = String ( " hello , world " ) ; void printT ( datatype T@ a ) { switch ( a ) { case & Integer ( i ) : printf ( " %d " , i ) ; return ; case & String (s ) : printf ( " %s " , s ) ; return ; } }
In general , a datatype declaration includes a set of constructors which can be used to build datatype values .
In this case , the constructors are Integer and String .
The Integer constructor takes an int and returns a value of type datatype T.Integer .
The String constructor takes a string and returns a datatype T.String value .
Note that the types of x and y are not the same so we ca n’t interchange them , nor can we pass them directly to the printT function .
In particular , their types reveal which constructor was used to build them .
However , we can manipulate pointers to these values in an abstract way .
In particular , we can pass a pointer to a datatype T.Integer value or a pointer to a datatype T.String value anywhere that expects a datatype T .
For instance , we can write printT ( &x ) to print out the integer value in x , and we can write printT ( &y ) to print out the “ hello , world ” string in y .
We can use datatypes to implement a safe form of variable arguments ( or varargs ) , as described in Varargs .
More information on Cyclone unions is presented in Tagged Unions and Datatypes .
C++ , GCC and C99 Additions
C++ , GCC and the ISO C99 standard have some useful new features that we have adopted for Cyclone .
From C++ we borrow the idea of namespaces for avoiding conflicts among library and program definitions .
In short , if a function f is defined in a namespace Foo , then we would access the function by referring to Foo : : f. The Cyclone standard libraries , such as Core or List are defined each in their own namespace .
Cyclone also provides polymorphism similar to C++ templates .
Some of the GCC and C99 features that we currently support are :
Statement expressions :
There is a new expression form , ( { statement expression } ) .
The statement is executed first , then the expression , and the value of the entire expression is the value of the expression
Struct and Union expressions :
If you ’ve declared struct point{int x ; int y; } ; then you can write point { .x=expression , .y =expression} to allocate and initialize a struct point .
The same sort of constructors may be used for unions , tagged or not , as we showed above .
// comments as in Java or C ++
Declarations can appear in any statement position .
It is not necessary to wrap braces around the declaration of a local variable .
For-statements can include a declaration .
For instance : for ( int x=0 ; x < n ; x ++ ) { … }
We have attempted to follow the C99 standard fairly closely .
Additional Features of Cyclone
So far we have focused on features common to both Cyclone and GCC extensions of C .
In the remainder of this tutorial , we overview some of the new language features that have been added to Cyclone , inspired from other programming languages .
These include ( a ) exceptions ( as in ML and Java ) , ( b ) type inference for local variables ( as in ML ) , ( c ) parametric polymorphism ( as in ML and Generic Java ) , ( d ) structural subtyping , to approximate object - oriented features , and ( e ) abstract and existential types .
In many cases , these features are useful for writing simpler code .
Some features , like polymorphism and subtyping , are necessary to type - check or port a number of potentially - unsafe C idioms , usually involving “ void * ” or the like .
We conclude the tutorial by enumerating some unsafe C idioms that are not supported in Cyclone .
Exceptions
So far we ’ve glossed over what happens when you try to dereference a null pointer , or assign to an out - of - bounds @fat pointer .
We ’ve said that Cyclone inserts checks to make sure the operation is safe , but what if the checks fail ?
For safety , it would be sufficient to halt the program and print an error message–a big improvement over a core dump , or , worse , a program with corrupted data that keeps running .
In fact , Cyclone does something a bit more general than halting with an error message : it throws an exception .
The advantage of exceptions is that they can be caught by the programmer , who can then take corrective action and perhaps continue with the program .
If the exception is not caught , the program halts and prints an error message .
Consider our earlier example :
FILE *f = fopen ( " / etc/ passwd " , " r " ) ; int c = getc ( ( FILE * @notnull ) f ) ;
Suppose that there is no file / etc / passwd ; then fopen will return NULL , and when f is cast to FILE * @notnull , the implied null check will fail .
The program will halt with an error message ,
Uncaught exception Null_Exception
Null_Exception is one of a handful of standard exceptions used in Cyclone .
Each exception is like a case of a datatype : it can carry along some values with it .
For example , the standard exception Invalid_argument carries a string ( which is a zero - terminated fat pointer ) .
Exceptions can be handled in try - catch statements , using pattern matching :
FILE *f = fopen ( " / etc/ passwd " , " r " ) ; int c ; try { c = getc ( ( FILE * @notnull ) f ) ; } catch { case & Null_Exception : printf ( " Error : can't open /etc / passwd
" ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; case & Invalid_argument (s ) : printf ( " Error : Invalid_argument ( %s )
" , s ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; }
Here we ’ve “ wrapped ” the call to getc in a try - catch statement .
If f is n’t NULL and the getc succeeds , then execution just continues , ignoring the catch .
But if f is NULL , then the null check will fail and the exception NullException will be thrown ; execution immediately continues with the catch ( the call to getc never happens ) .
In the catch , the thrown exception is pattern - matched against the cases , in order .
Since the thrown exception is NullException , the first case is executed here .
There is one important difference between an exception and a case of a datatype : with a datatype , all of the cases have to be declared at once , while a new exception can be declared at any time .
So , exceptions are an extensible datatype .
You can specify that a datatype is extensible when you declare it , using the @extensible qualifier .
For example , here ’s how to declare a new exception :
@extensible datatype exn { My_Exception ( char * @fat ) ; } ;
The type @extensible datatype exn is the type of exceptions , and this declaration introduces a new case for the @extensible datatype exn type : My_Exception , which carries a single value ( a string ) .
Exception values are created just like datatype values , and are thrown with a throw statement .
For example ,
throw new My_Exception ( " some kind of error " ) ;
or
throw new Null_Exception ;
In practice , “ @extensible datatype ” is quite a mouthful .
So , Cyclone allows you abbreviate it with just datatype , as long as you ’ve declared a datatype as @extensible once .
So a more typical way to declare a new exception in Cyclone is
datatype exn { My_Exception ( char ? ) ; } ;
Let Declarations and Pattern Matching
Sometimes , it ’s painful to declare a variable because you have to write down its type , and Cyclone types can be big when compared to their C counterparts since they may include bounds information , regions , etc .
Therefore , Cyclone includes additional support for type inference using let declarations .
In particular , you can write :
int foo( int x ) { let y = x+3 ; let z = 3.14159 ; return ( int ) ( y*z ) ; }
Here , we declared two variables y and z using “ let . ”
When you use let , you do n’t have to write down the type of the variable .
Rather , the compiler infers the type from the expression that initializes the variable .
More generally , you can write “ let pattern = exp ; ” to destructure a value into a bunch of variables .
For instance , if you pass a tuple to a function , then you can extract the components as follows :
int sum ( $ ( int , int , int ) args ) { let $ ( x , y, z ) = args ; return ( x+y+z ) ; }
This feature is called pattern matching , and is inspired from functional languages like ML and Haskell .
Patterns can appear as part of let declarations , exception clauses ( as we saw above ) , and switch statements .
For example , we could rewrite the above code as follows using switch :
int sum ( $ ( int , int , int ) args ) { switch ( args ) { case $ ( x , y, z ) : return ( x+y+z ) ; } }
Notice there is no need for a default case , since args will always be a valid 3 - tuple .
On the other hand , if we were to pass a pointer to the tuple , rather than a tuple itself , we would have code as follows :
int sum ( $ ( int , int , int ) * argsp ) { switch ( argsp ) { case &$ ( x , y, z ) : return ( x+y+z ) ; default : return 0 ; } }
The switch statement first handles the situation that the argument is a pointer to a tuple , designated by putting an & in front of the tuple pattern .
Recall that we did something similar when matching exceptions in catch clauses , above .
The default case is for when argsp is NULL .
Many more details about pattern matching are presented in Pattern Matching .
Subtyping
Cyclone supports “ extension on the right ” and “ covariant depth on const ” subtyping for pointers .
This simply means that you can cast a value x from having a type “ pointer to a struct with 10 fields , ” to “ pointer to a struct having only the first 5 fields . ”
For example , if we have the following definitions :
typedef struct Point { float x , y;} * point ; typedef struct CPoint { float x , y ; int color ;} * cpoint ; float xcoord ( point p ) { return p->x ; }
then you can call xcoord with either a point or cpoint object .
You can also cast a pointer to a tuple having 3 fields ( e.g. , $ ( int , bool , double ) * ) to a pointer to a tuple having only 2 fields ( e.g. , $ ( int , bool ) * ) .
In other words , you can forget about the “ tail ” of the object .
This allows a degree of polymorphism that is useful when porting C code .
In addition , you can do “ deep ” casts on pointer fields that are const .
( It is unsafe to allow deep casts on non-const fields . )
Also , you can cast a field from being non-const to being const .
You can also cast a constant - sized array to an equivalent pointer to a struct or tuple .
In short , Cyclone attempts to allow you to cast one type to another as long as it is safe .
Note , however , that these casts must be explicit .
We expect to add more support for subtyping in the future ( e.g. , subtyping on function pointers , bounded subtyping , etc . )
Polymorphic Functions
Cyclone supports a fairly powerful form of parametric polymorphism .
Those of you coming from ML or Haskell will find this familiar .
Those of you coming from C++ will also find it somewhat familiar .
The basic idea is that you can write one function that abstracts the types of some of the values it manipulates .
For instance , consider the following two functions :
$ ( char * , int ) swap1 ( $ ( int , char * ) x ) { return $ ( x [ 1 ] , x [ 0 ] ) ; } $ ( int , int ) swap2 ( $ ( int , int ) x ) { return $ ( x [ 1 ] , x [ 0 ] ) ; }
The two functions are quite similar :
They both take in a pair ( i.e. , a 2 - tuple ) and return a pair with the components swapped .
At the machine - level , the code for these two functions will be exactly the same , assuming that ints and char *s are represented the same way .
So it seems silly to write the code twice .
Normally , a C programmer would replace the definition with simply :
$ ( void *, void *) swap1 ( $ ( void *, void *) x ) { return $ ( x [ 1 ] , x [ 0 ] ) ; }
( assuming you added tuples to C ) .
But of course , this is n’t type - safe because once I cast the values to void * , then I ca n’t be sure what type I ’m getting out .
In Cyclone , you can instead write something like this :
$ ( `b , `a ) swap ( $ ( `a , `b ) x ) { return $ ( x [ 1 ] , x[ 0 ] ) ; }
The code is the same , but it abstracts what the types are .
The types `a and `b are type variables that can be instantiated with any word - sized , general - purpose register type .
So , for instance , you can call swap on pairs of integers , pairs of pointers , pairs of an integer and a pointer , etc. :
let $ ( x , y ) = swap ( $ ( " hello " , 3 ) ) ; // x is 3 , y is hello let $ ( w,z ) = swap ( $ ( 4,3 ) ) ; // w is 3 , z is 4
Note that when calling a polymorphic function , you need not tell it what types you ’re using to instantiate the type variables .
Rather , Cyclone figures this out through unification .
C++ supports similar functionality with templates .
However , C++ and Cyclone differ considerably in their implementation strategies .
First , Cyclone only produces one copy of the code , whereas a C++ template is specialized and duplicated at each type that it is used .
This approach requires that you include definitions of templates in interfaces and thus defeats separate compilation .
However , the approach used by Cyclone does have its drawbacks : in particular , the only types that can instantiate type variables are those that can be treated uniformly .
This ensures that we can use the same code for different types .
The general rule is that values of the types that instantiate a type variable must fit into a machine word and must be passed in general - purpose ( as opposed to floating - point ) registers .
Examples of such types include int , pointers , datatype , and xdatatype types .
Other types , including char , short , long long , float , double , struct , and tuple types violate this rule and thus values of these types cannot be passed to a function like swap in place of the type variables .
In practice , this means that you tend to manipulate a lot of pointers in Cyclone code .
The combination of parametric polymorphism and sub -typing means that you can cover a lot of C idioms where void * or unsafe casts were used without sacrificing type - safety .
We use polymorphism a lot when coding in Cyclone .
For instance , the standard library includes many container abstractions ( lists , sets , queues , etc. ) that are all polymorphic in the element type .
This allows us to re-use a lot of code .
In addition , unlike C++ , those libraries can be compiled once and need not be specialized .
On the downside , this style of polymorphism does not allow you to do any type - specific things ( e.g. , overloading or ad - hoc polymorphism . )
Someday , we may add support for this , but in the short run , we ’re happy not to have it .
Polymorphic Data Structures
Just as function definitions can be parameterized by types , so can struct definitions , datatype definitions , and even typedefs .
For instance , the following struct definition is similar to the one used in the standard library for lists :
struct List < `a > {`a hd ; struct List < `a > * tl ; } ; typedef struct List < `a > * list_t<`a >;
Here , we ’ve declared a struct List parameterized by a type `a .
The hd field contains an element of type `a and the tl field contains a possibly - null pointer to a struct List with elements of type `a .
We then define list_t < `a > as an abbreviation for struct List < `a >* .
So , for instance , we can declare both integer and string lists like this :
list_t<int > ilist = new List { 1 , new List { 2 , null}} ; list_t < string_t > slist = new List {.hd = " foo " , .tl = new List { " bar " , null}} ;
Note that we use “ new ” as in C++ to allocate a new struct List on the heap and return a pointer to the resulting ( initialized ) List object .
Note also that the field designator ( “ .hd ” , “ .tl ” ) are optional .
Once you have polymorphic data structures , you can write lots of useful polymorphic code and use it over and over again .
For instance , the standard list library ( see lib / list.h ) includes functions for mapping over a list , looking up items in a list , concatenating two lists , copying lists , sorting lists , etc .
Abstract and Existential Types
Suppose you want to declare an abstract type for implementing stacks .
In Cyclone , the way this is accomplished is by declaring a struct that encapsulates the implementation type , and by adding the “ abstract ” qualifier to the struct definition .
For instance , if we write :
abstract struct Queue < `a > { list_t < `a > front , rear ; } ;
then this declares a polymorphic Queue implementation that is abstract .
The definition of the struct is available within the unit that declares the Queue , but will not be made available to the outside world .
( This will be enforced by a link - time type - checker that we are currently putting together . )
Typically , the provider of the Queue abstraction would write in an interface file :
extern struct Queue<`a >;
The abstract keyword in the implementation ensures that the definition does not leak to a client .
A typedef can be made abstract by writing :
typedef _ foo_t ;
However , our current implementation does not support later redefining foo_t as a non-abstract typedef .
The default kind for the type is B ; you can write an explicit kind like this :
typedef _:: A bar_t ;
Generally abstract structs are sufficient .
An abstract typedef is useful in some cases , though , such as when the abstracted type is actually int .
It ’s also possible to code up “ first - class ” abstract data types using structs with existentially quantified type variables .
Existential types are described in Advanced Features .
For an example of the use of existential types , see the fn.h and fn.cyc files in the standard library , which implement first - class closures .
Restrictions
Though Cyclone adds many new features to C , there are also a number of restrictions that it must enforce to ensure code does not crash .
Here is a list of the major restrictions :
Cyclone enforces the evaluation order of subexpressions in contexts in which C is agnostic .
For example , consider the following expression f( x=0,x=1 ) ;
In C , the resulting value of x could either be 1 or 0 , depending on the compiler ; the language makes no restriction on the order that argument expressions should be evaluated .
This allows the compiler more freedom in generating optimized code .
However , it often makes programs harder to reason about , and they can break in subtle ways when ported to different platforms .
It also can foil forms of static analysis aimed at improving performance , such array - bounds - or null - check elimination .
For Cyclone , we implement the following policy :
Cyclone follows
C for all those places it has a requirement , e.g. , for comma-separated expression lists .
Cyclone enforces the evaluation order to be right - to - left for assignment expressions .
For example : e1 = e2 = e3 ;
In this expression , Cyclone evaluates first e3 , then e2 , then e1 .
In all contexts , Cyclone ’s evaluation order is left - to - right , e.g. , for arguments passed to a function , and subexpressions in an arithmetic expression .
Cyclone does not permit some of the casts that are allowed in C because incorrect casts can lead to crashes , and it is not always possible for us to determine what is safe .
In general , you should be able to cast something from one type to another as long as the underlying representations are compatible .
Note that Cyclone is very conservative about “ compatible ” because it does not know the size or alignment constraints of your C compiler .
Cyclone does not support pointer arithmetic on thin pointers unless they are zero - terminated and even then , there are checks to make sure you ca n’t go past a zero .
Pointer arithmetic is not unsafe in itself , but it can lead to unsafe code when the resulting pointer is assigned or dereferenced .
You can cast the thin pointer value to a @fat value and then do the pointer arithmetic instead .
Cyclone inserts a NULL check when a possibly - NULL pointer is dereferenced and it cannot determine statically that the pointer is not NULL .
If a function ’s return type is not “ bits - only ” ( i.e. , contains pointers ) , Cyclone requires that the function executes a return statement , throws an exception , or calls a noreturn function on every possible execution path .
This is needed to ensure that the value returned from the function has the right type , and is not just a random value left in a register or on the stack .
Untagged unions in Cyclone can hold arbitrary values , but you can only read out “ bits . ”
In particular , the members you can read out can only have combinations of chars , ints , shorts , longs , floats , doubles , structs of bits , or tuples of bits .
Pointer types are not supported .
This avoids the situation where an arbitrary bit pattern is cast to a pointer and then dereferenced .
If you want to use multiple types , then use @tagged unions or datatypes .
Cyclone only supports limited forms of malloc ( and calloc ) .
You must write malloc ( sizeof ( t ) * n ) and t must be a “ bits - only ” type .
You can use calloc to allocate arrays of ( possibly NULL ) pointers ( e.g. , calloc ( sizeof ( char * ) , 34 ) ) .
Cyclone performs a static analysis to ensure that every non-numeric ( i.e. , pointer ) variable and struct field is initialized before it is used .
This prevents a random stack value from being used improperly .
The analysis is somewhat conservative so you may need to initialize things earlier than you would do in C .
There is only limited support for initializing memory in a procedure separate from the one that does the allocation .
Cyclone does not permit gotos from one scope into another .
C warns against this practice , as it can cause crashes ; Cyclone rules it out entirely .
Cyclone places some limitations on the form of switch statements that rule out crashes like those caused by unrestricted goto .
Furthermore , Cyclone prevents you from accidentally falling through from one case to another .
To fall through , you must explicitly use the fallthru keyword .
Otherwise , you must explicitly break , goto , continue , return , or throw an exception .
However , adjacent cases for a switch statement ( with no intervening statement ) do not require an explicit fallthru .
Cyclone has some new keywords ( beyond those of C99 and GCC ) that can no longer be used as identifiers .
The list includes : abstract , calloc , datatype , dynregion_t , export , fallthru , __gen , let , malloc , namespace , numelts , __cyclone_port_on__ , __cyclone_port_off__ , region , regions , reset_region , rmalloc , rnew , tagcheck , tag_t , throw , try , using , valueof , and valueof_t .
Cyclone prevents you from using pointers to stack - allocated objects as freely as in C to avoid security holes .
The reason is that each declaration block is placed in a conceptual “ region ” and the type system tracks the region into which a pointer points .
Cyclone does not allow you to explicitly free a heap - allocated object .
Instead , you can either use the region mechanism or rely upon the conservative garbage collector to reclaim the space .
In addition , there are a number of shortcomings of the current implementation that we hope to correct .
For instance :
Herkesin kullandığı msn ve hotmail hesaplarının bir çoğumuzun şifresini değiştirmeyi bilmediği gerçeğini öğrendim .
Evet gerçekten komik geliyor insana ama bilmemek değil öğrenmemek ayıptır diyip anlat ıyoruz .
1- Hotmail.com ’a kullanıcı adı ve şifrenizi yazarak giriş yaptıktan sonra sağ tarafta Seçenekler menüsüne tıkl ıyoruz .
2- Seçenekler menüsünde Kişisel Bilgilerinizi Görüntüleyin ve Düzenleyin menüsüne tıkl ıyoruz .
3- Kişisel bilgilerimiz geldikten sonra Parola Değiştir putonunu tıkl ıyoruz .
4- Paralo değiştir dedikten sonra Eski parolamızı , yeni parolamızı ve tekrar yeni parolamızı giriyoruz .
Kaydet diyoruz ve şifremiz değişiyor .
Arkadaşlar bu anlatım gayet doğru çok kişiden “ yükleniyor diyor ama birşey gelmiyor ” yorumunu alıyorum .
Ama ben kaç kez denedim ama bende takılma olmuyor sizde neden olmuyor onuda çözemedim :S
Documents on Wikileaks show that the German Bavarian government had planned to release trojans — malware — designed to allow them to intercept Skype calls .
The leaked documents include wrangling over the pricing and payment for the malicious software .
The docs were leaked by the German Pirate Party .
The offer dating September 4th 2007 , replies an inquiry by Bavarian officials on the possibility of Skype interception , introduces a basic description of the cryptographic workings of Skype , and concludes that new systems are needed to spy on Skype calls .
It continues to introduce the so - called Skype Capture Unit .
In a nutshell : a malware installed on purpose on a target machine , intercepting Skype Voice and Chat .
Another feature introduced is a recording proxy , that is not part of the offer , yet would allow for anonymous proxying of recorded information to a target recording station .
Access to the recording station is possible via a multimedia streaming client , supposedly offering real - time interception .
Another part of the offer is an interception method for SSL based communication , working on the same principle of establishing a man - in - the - middle attack on the key material on the client machine .
According to the offer this method is working for Internet Explorer and Firefox webbrowsers .
Digitask also recommends using over - seas proxy servers to cover the tracks of all activities going on .
AS far as Kyle Stoneman is concerned , the campus police were the ones who started the Facebook wars .
" We were just being , well , college students , and they used it against us , " says Mr. Stoneman , a senior at George Washington University in Washington .
He is convinced that the campus security force got wind of a party he and some buddies were planning last year by monitoring Facebook.com , the phenomenally popular college networking site .
The officers waited till the shindig was in full swing , Mr. Stoneman grouses , then shut it down on discovering under - age drinking .
Mr. Stoneman and his friends decided to fight back .
Their weapon of choice ?
Facebook , of course .
Once again they used the site , which is visited by more than 80 percent of the student body , to chat up a beer blast .
But this time , when the campus police showed up , they found 40 students and a table of cake and cookies , all decorated with the word " beer . "
" We even set up a cake - pong table , " a twist on the beer - pong drinking game , he says .
" The look on the faces of the cops was priceless . "
As the coup de grâce , he posted photographs of the party on Facebook , including a portrait of one nonplussed officer .
A university spokesman , Tracy Schario , insists that noise complaints , not nosing around Facebook , led the police to both parties .
But , she says , " it 's sort of an inevitability that if a party is talked about on the site , word of it will reach the enforcement people , who then have no choice but to investigate . "
In fact , two campus police officers and the chief 's assistant are among the 14,000 Facebook members at George Washington .
The stunt could be read as a sign that Facebook has become more than a way for young people to stay in touch .
Started in 2004 by Harvard students who wanted to animate the black - and - white thumbnail photos of freshman directories , the site is the ninth most visited on the Internet , according to Nielsen / Net Ratings , and is used by nearly five million college students .
Facebook is available at most of the country 's four - year colleges , and many two - year colleges , too .
From the world ’s most expensive cell phone to the most expensive TV .
Why would you use your money to feed a starving country , when you can pay $ 1,500,000 for a box of chocolates ?
1 World ’s Most Expensive Box of Chocolates ( $ 1,500,000 )
Le Chocolat features a selection of Lake Forest Confections gourmet chocolates , selected by the confectioners master candy maker , as well as an arrangement of magnificent jewelry from Simon ’s personal jewelry and gemstone vault .
The price tag is $ 1,500,000 .
The jewelry that comes along with the box of chocolates includes a “ priceless ” collection of natural yellow and blue diamonds , emeralds , and sapphires from Simons Jewelers .
( How priceless can it be with a price tag ? )
2 World ’s Most Expensive Cell Phone ( $ 1.3 Million )
Designed by Peter Aloisson , the Diamond Crypto Smartphone is made out of platinum and rose gold .
It has over 80 diamonds on it .
There are 50 diamonds going up and down the sides ( 10 are blue diamonds ) , the navigation key has 28 diamonds surrounding it and the navigation button is actually a 1 /2 carat diamond .
The buttons on the sides are suppose to be diamonds too .
It costs $ 1.3 million , so that phone better work !
3 World ’s Most Expensive Hello Kitty ( $ 163,000 )
Who does n’t love Hello Kitty ?
Sanrio came out with a platinum Hello Kitty .
Its W3.8xH5.6 cm and weighs 590g .
The miniature Hello Kitty comes with seven hair ribbons made of gems including diamond , ruby , pink sapphire , amethyst and blue topaz .
The figurine comes with a price tag of ¥ 18,9 - million — ( $ 163,000 US ) a record high in Hello Kitty ’s extensive line - up .
Only one set is available , which went on sale on December 2006 at the Mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo .
4 World ’s Most Expensive Pizza ( $ 1,000 )
The world ’s most expensive pizza was made by Nino ’s Bellissima Pizza ( located in New York City ) .
The 12 - inch pizza is topped with creme fraiche , chives , eight ounces of four different kinds of Petrossian caviar , four ounces of thinly sliced Maine lobster tail , salmon roe , and a little bit of wasabi to complement all the fish .
The pizza is cut into eight … that is a mere $ 125 for each serving .
5 World ’s Most Expensive Purse ( $ 1.63 Million )
On June 14 , 2007 , Ginza Tanaka showcased this diamond platinum bag at a fashion show in Tokyo .
The handbag is shaped out of pure platinum and studded with 2,182 diamonds totaling 208 carats .
The handbag has a brilliant price tag of $ 1.63 million .
6 World ’s Most Expensive Tequila ( $ 225,000 )
Can you imagine spending $ 225,000 on a beverage ?
On July 20 , 2006 , Tequila Ley .925 sold a single Platinum and White Gold tequila bottle for $ 225,000 to a private collector in Mexico City , Mexico .
The liquor was made out of 100 % blue Agave liquid and was aged for six years .
The company won the Guinness Book of World Records title for the most expensive bottle of liquor sold in the world .
For those of us who ca n’t afford the Platinum bottle , the company also sells the Gold and Platinum bottle for $ 150,000 and the Silver & Gold bottle for $ 25,000 .
7 World ’s Most Expensive Cricket Ball ( $ 68,000 )
This diamond studded cricket ball was presented to the Best Indian and Best International players at the 2007 Cricket World Cup tournament .
The diamond cricket ball was created by Gitanjali Gems Limited .
Each diamond ball is studded with 5,728 pieces of diamonds with a worth of approximately $ 68,500 .
8 World ’s Most Expensive TV ( $ 130,000 )
Yes , instead of buying a new house , a few cars , or feeding a starving country … buy this TV .
The Yalos Diamond LCD TV costs $ 130,000 , but its really worth it .
You see , the LCD TV is plated in white gold and encrusted with 20 carats worth of diamonds .
A TV encrusted with diamonds … just what the world need it .
9 World ’s Most Expensive Tea Bag ( $ 14,000 )
PG Tips is a British company that makes tea .
Boodles jewelers ( an exclusive jeweller based in the UK ) made a diamond teabag to celebrate PG Tips 75th birthday .
The tea bag was hand - crafted using 280 diamonds .
The tea bag is valued at around $ 14,000 .
I knew the British took their tea seriously , but now I know they ’re plain crazy about it !
10 World ’s Most Expensive Toy ( $ 41,000 )
Japan ’s Ginza Tanaka Jewelers and toymaker Bandai Co. unveiled a miniature version of Japan ’s famous animated robot character – “ Gundam . ” Gundum is one of the longest running Japense animation series .
The figurine weighs in at 1,400 grams ( 45 oz ) and stands 13 cm ( 5 ” ) tall .
He is made of pure platinum which explains its name “ Gundam Fixed Platinum .
” At today ’s prices , melted down , he would go for $ 41,468 !
11 World ’s Most Expensive Parking Spot ( $ 225,000 )
Well , this one you might actually need if you live in Manhattan , but for $ 225,000 you better get yourself a FERRARI and live elsewhere !
ABC.com reports “ …. in space - starved Manhattan , a parking space is considered prime real estate .
There ’s actually a waiting list for the $ 225,000 spot . ”
People who do n’t even own cars are buying parking spaces as investments to flip .
So exactly what do you get for your $ 225,000 ?
A 18 feet by 9 feet parking spot .
I know , you feel like you just hit Lotto for all you are getting .
Sources : 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11
Expert 100 + P : 297 docdiesel
Expand | Select | Wrap | Line Numbers 215.82.12.78 - - [ 02/Nov/2007:10:20:33 +0100 ]
" GET /images/logo.gif HTTP/1.1 "
304 -
To get rid of this unnecessary load the Apache web server is providing the module mod_expires [ 2 ] which enables you to stamp each delivered file with a kind of " valid until " mark .
Therefore and according to the HTTP / 1.1 specifications ( [ 3 ] , subsection 14.21 ) , one line like the following is added to the http response header :
Expand | Select | Wrap | Line Numbers Expires : Thu , 01 Mar 2007 09:30:00 GMT
Expand | Select | Wrap | Line Numbers ExpiresActive
On ExpiresDefault " access plus 5 minutes " ExpiresByType image / gif " access plus 2 days " ExpiresByType text / html " modification plus 5 minutes "
ExpiresByType is giving you the possibility to control the expiration based on mime types .
In the example gif images wo n't be reloaded from the server for 24 hours from of the point of downloading - based on the assumption that the gif images are n't changing but rather would be replaced by new files with new names .
If your site is using gif buttons with roll over effects this takes lots of requests off your apache .
On the other hand :
If the layout of the web page and the gif images are changed while the names of the images remain the same , this would lead to rather strange looking pages in browsers which firstly accessed the page less than 24 hours ago .
So this directive , though it offers a lot of reduction of traffic , is also to be handled with care .
In the example html pages wo n't be reloaded if their content is younger than five minutes .
Imagine a highly frequented front page of a web portal which is generated every five minutes from dynamic content but saved as static html file for reasons of performance .
If this was managed by the " access " alternative , a client that just loaded the 4:59 minutes old page would miss the newer version for five minutes .
Based on " modification " it 's ensured that nobody would miss the latest news .
In short , use the access rule for content that does n't change ( or at least not frequently ) .
If modifications are necessary , try to use a new name .
Use the modification rule for content that often is modified or for what reasons ever has a short lifetime .
Last but not least , this way you do n't only reduce the load on your apache but also speed up your web application on client side : images and javascripts that do n't have to be asked for every time they are to be used maybe displayed just some fractions of a secong faster .
But in the end ( and at least subjectively ) it all sums up .
----
[ 1 ]
[ 2 ]
[ 3 ]
The fastest ( and cheapest ) transfer of data is that which does n't have to be done - because the data is already there .
Or still there - the caching of files is widely known and practised .
Each web browser is caching the files he formerly requested from the web server .
But if the file is to be loaded a second time , still a request is sent to the web server which then usually is answering with a " 304 Not modified " [ 1 ] as can be seen in his access log :
Receiving this , finally the browser is loading the file from his cache .
Instead of transfering the file just a couple of bytes went through the cables .
But if a page uses lots of cached files like gif images and javascript files , even those 304 requests sum up - especially on connections with high latency .
To get rid of this unnecessary load the Apache web server is providing the module mod_expires [ 2 ] which enables you to stamp each delivered file with a kind of " valid until " mark .
Therefore and according to the HTTP / 1.1 specifications ( [ 3 ] , subsection 14.21 ) , one line like the following is added to the http response header :
This would cause the browser not to ask again for this document or file unless he looses it from his cache .
Now lets have a closer look to the directives of mod_expires and the resulting possibilities .
Here 's an example : ExpiresActive is used to enable or disable ( on / off ) the modification of the http response header .
ExpiresDefault gives a default value for all documents , which are not captured by a rule on their own .
Here the expiration date will be five minutes since time of access .
This ensures that the document is n't reloaded by the client every few seconds while on the other hand he 'll get the newer version within reasonable time , should the document be changed on the server .
ExpiresByType is giving you the possibility to control the expiration based on mime types .
In the example gif images wo n't be reloaded from the server for 24 hours from of the point of downloading - based on the assumption that the gif images are n't changing but rather would be replaced by new files with new names .
If your site is using gif buttons with roll over effects this takes lots of requests off your apache .
On the other hand :
If the layout of the web page and the gif images are changed while the names of the images remain the same , this would lead to rather strange looking pages in browsers which firstly accessed the page less than 24 hours ago .
So this directive , though it offers a lot of reduction of traffic , is also to be handled with care .
In the example html pages wo n't be reloaded if their content is younger than five minutes .
Imagine a highly frequented front page of a web portal which is generated every five minutes from dynamic content but saved as static html file for reasons of performance .
If this was managed by the " access " alternative , a client that just loaded the 4:59 minutes old page would miss the newer version for five minutes .
Based on " modification " it 's ensured that nobody would miss the latest news .
In short , use the access rule for content that does n't change ( or at least not frequently ) .
If modifications are necessary , try to use a new name .
Use the modification rule for content that often is modified or for what reasons ever has a short lifetime .
Last but not least , this way you do n't only reduce the load on your apache but also speed up your web application on client side : images and javascripts that do n't have to be asked for every time they are to be used maybe displayed just some fractions of a secong faster .
But in the end ( and at least subjectively ) it all sums up .----[ 1 ]
http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html [ 2 ]
http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/mod/mod_expires.html [ 3 ]
http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html
Nov 25 '07 # 1
The longer this war goes on and the more we find out , the following scenario seems to me to be the best provisional explanation for a lot of what our secret , unaccountable , extra-legal war - government has been doing - and the countless mistakes which have been laid bare .
On 9/11 , Cheney immediately thought of the worst possible scenario :
What if this had been done with WMDs ?
It has haunted him ever since - for good and even noble reasons .
This panic led him immediately to think of Saddam .
But it also led him to realize that our intelligence was so crappy that we simply did n't know what might be coming .
That 's why the decision to use torture was the first - and most significant - decision this administration made .
It is integral to the intelligence behind the war on terror .
And Cheney 's bizarre view of executive power made it easy in his mind simply to break the law and withdraw from Geneva because torture , in his mind , was the only weapon we had .
Bush , putty in Cheney 's hands , never wanted torture , but was so cowardly and lazy he never asked the hard questions of what was actually being done .
He knows , of course , somewhere in his crippled fundamentalist psyche .
But this is a man with clinical - Christianist and dry - drunk - levels of reality - denial , whose interaction with reality can only operate on the crudest levels of Manichean analysis .
All he needs to be told is that whatever it is they 're doing , it is n't torture .
He wo n't ask any more questions .
They 're evil ; we 're good ; so we can't torture .
Even when they were totally busted at Abu Ghraib , his incuriosity and denial held firm .
After all , what if he were to find out something he did n't want to know ?
His world might collapse .
But torture gives false information .
And the worst scenarios that tortured detainees coughed up - many of them completely innocent , remember - may well have come to fuel US national security policy .
And of course they also fueled more torture .
Because once you hear of the existential plots confessed by one tortured prisoner , you need to torture more prisoners to get at the real truth .
We do not know what actual intelligence they were getting , and Cheney has ensured that we will never know .
But it is perfectly conceivable that the torture regime - combined with panic and paranoia - created an imaginationland of untruth and half - truth that has guided US policy for this entire war .
It may well have led to the president being informed of any number of plots that never existed , and any number of threats that are pure imagination .
And once torture has entered the system , you can never find out the real truth .
You are lost in a vortex of lies and fears .
In this vortex , the actual threats that we face may well be overlooked or ignored , as we chase false leads and pursue non-existent WMDs .
S.F. species harmed by EPA - approved pesticides , group says
2007-05-30 16:49:00 PDT
SAN FRANCISCO --
The nation 's top environmental agency has illegally approved 60 pesticides without first checking to see if they could harm endangered wildlife , including many Bay Area species , according to a lawsuit filed today .
The Center for Biological Diversity , a nonprofit organization with offices in San Francisco , accuses the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency of failing to consult with federal wildlife agencies before approving some pesticides .
EPA officials in Washington dismissed the allegations , saying the agency appropriately investigates pesticides to make sure they do not have a significantly detrimental impact on protected species .
But the environmental group countered that the pesticides in question could harm at least 30 animal species found in the San Francisco Bay region and protected under the Endangered Species Act .
Those species include once - common fish like the Delta smelt and the tidewater goby , as well as the California clapper rail , salt marsh harvest mouse , California tiger salamander , San Francisco garter snake , California freshwater shrimp , San Joaquin kit fox , Alameda whipsnake , bay checkerspot butterfly and the valley elderberry longhorn beetle .
The lawsuit asks the U.S. District Court in San Francisco to compel the EPA to consult with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on the issue as required by federal law .
It also asks that the EPA be forced to study the cumulative environmental impacts of several pesticides as well as the potential harm caused by so - called " inert " chemicals used to produce pesticides .
For decades , the EPA has resisted consulting with other agencies and in 2004 changed a regulation to eliminate the requirement .
Pesticide manufacturers supported the change , but a coalition of environmental groups challenged the rule in court and it was overturned in 2006 .
The environmental group wants Magistrate Judge Joseph Spero to prevent the use of any of the 60 pesticides if they could enter occupied wildlife habitat or an area that has been designated as critical to the recovery of a species .
Some of the pesticides include chemicals that have been shown to disrupt hormonal systems .
Among the 60 pesticides covered in the lawsuit are the three most common organophosphates used in California agriculture -- chlorpyrifos diazinon and malathion .
The insecticides are used on oranges , cotton , almonds , spinach , lettuce and alfalfa , among other crops .
This week , the U.S. Geological Survey released a study showing that those three pesticides break down into chemicals that are highly toxic to amphibians .
In early May , the Pesticide Action Network released results of a study that linked chlorpyrifos found in the air of the Central Valley town of Lindsay with the presence of the chemicals in 11 of the 12 residents who were tested .
EPA headquarters issued a statement today that said the agency " takes its responsibilities to safeguard people , wildlife and the environment seriously . "
The pesticide registration process that EPA follows " uses well - established scientific methods to investigate and regulate substances and minimize their impact on the environment , " according to the statement .
The agency did not comment on the lawsuit specifically .
The lawsuit said pesticides do n't necessarily stay on crops .
" The pesticides that are sprayed on our food , our soil and our lawns find their way into local creeks and ultimately the San Francisco Bay , posing a significant threat to water quality and jeopardizing endangered species , " according to the lawsuit .
The EPA has registered more than 18,000 pesticides , including the 900 that California allows for use .
At least 30 of the 51 federally protected animal species in the Bay Area 's nine counties may be adversely affected by the yearly use of more than 8 million pounds of pesticide , according to the lawsuit .
That amount encompasses all pesticides , including the 60 chemicals at issue in the suit .
Online resources
Read the lawsuit at www.sfgate.com/ZET
www.epa.gov
www.biologicaldiversity.org
QNX Publishes Neutrino Source Code and Opens Development Process
News at a Glance ... QNX publishes source to QNX Neutrino OS and introduces transparent development process .
New hybrid software model stimulates a new movement in combining commercial - grade software and licensing with collaborative and transparent development practices .
Customers and community can examine , modify , and extend QNX technology in new online portal .
OTTAWA , September 12 , 2007 —
In a move that revolutionizes software development practices by combining the best of the open source and commercial software domains , QNX Software Systems today announced that it is opening access to the source code of its QNX ®
Neutrino® realtime operating system ( RTOS ) under a new hybrid software licensing arrangement .
Effective immediately , QNX will make source code for its award - winning , microkernel - based OS available for download .
The first source release includes the code to the QNX Neutrino microkernel , the base C library , and a variety of board support packages ( BSPs ) for popular embedded and computing hardware .
Not only can developers view the QNX Neutrino source code , but they can improve , modify , or extend that code for their own purposes or for the QNX community at large .
They can then choose to offer back those changes to QNX Software Systems and the QNX development community or to keep their modifications private and proprietary .
New Hybrid Software Model
These changes are part of a new hybrid software model created by QNX that supports the customer ’s goal of profiting from software while fueling the passion for developing it .
Access to QNX source code is free , but commercial deployments of QNX Neutrino runtime components still require royalties , and commercial developers will continue to pay for QNX Momentics ® development seats .
However , noncommercial developers , academic faculty members , and qualified partners will be given access to QNX development tools and runtime products at no charge .
Customer and community members will also have the ability to participate in the QNX development process , similar to projects in the open source world .
Through a transparent development process , software designers at QNX will publish development plans , post builds and bug fixes , and provide moderated support to the development process .
They will also collaborate with customers and the QNX community , using public forums , wikis , and source code repositories .
“ With its new transparent development process , source code program , and development tool access plan , QNX is the vanguard of change in the world of commercial software development and deployment , ” said Dan Dodge , chief executive officer of QNX Software Systems .
“ Both commercial and hobbyist developers will have unprecedented access to the ‘ crown jewels ’ of our software as the base for creating the next great computing innovation . ”
New Community Portal
QNX has also introduced a new community portal website , called Foundry27 , as the hub for its transparent development initiative .
At Foundry27 , customers and developers can access a wealth of resources relating to the QNX Neutrino RTOS and the QNX Momentics IDE , as well as to new community projects .
Upon completing the free registration , users identify which of three different software licenses is appropriate to their interests and gain immediate access to copies of most QNX software products , as well as to source code for many of these components .
Supporting Quotes
Advantech
David DeMint , Project Manager
“ When QNX introduces their hybrid software model , we believe the development community is going to be very excited .
With access to QNX Neutrino source code , developers will experience its superior microkernel architecture and proven security and stability .
As one of the largest embedded computing manufacturers , we plan to work with QNX to develop board support packages for ETX , COM - Express , and a wide range of SBC systems boards .
Participating in the broader QNX community reflects Advantech ’s ongoing role as a leader in embedded computing . ”
AMCC
Charlie Ashton , Director of Software
“ We are pleased to see QNX introduce their hybrid software model .
Many of our PowerPC customers already use the QNX Neutrino operating system and we expect that the new engagement model and transparent development process will increase adoption of QNX Neutrino within our customer base .
The benefits of widely available source code are well understood in our market , so we look forward to a continued and growing partnership . ”
Eclipse Foundation
Mike Milinkovich , Executive Director
“ As one of the founding members of Eclipse , QNX as an organization has always been a very active member of our open source community .
By embracing the concept of transparent development within their own companies , developers will further benefit from the technology and thought leadership that QNX has for years demonstrated as the head of our CDT Project . ”
Extreme Engineering
Bret Farnum , Vice President , Sales
“ By bringing the hybrid business model to the embedded market , QNX is combining the best of both the open source and commercial models .
For commercial board vendors like Extreme Engineering , this hybrid model will enable us to rapidly bring support of QNX products to our customers .
That ’s why we ’re hosting all of our QNX board support packages on the QNX Bazaar . ”
Freescale Semiconductor
Raja Tabet , Director of Solutions and Enablement Technology
“ As the demand from OEM customers grows for multimedia solutions , particularly in automotive , consumer networking , and wireless , QNX is a valued partner in many of our processor initiatives .
This new hybrid software model will enable Freescale and the multimedia development community to work more closely with QNX and speed the development of high - performance , media - rich systems . ”
National Instruments
Greg Crouch , Director of Embedded Business Development
“ National Instruments has long been working to lower the barriers of entry to embedded design for a broad base of engineers , scientists , and researchers .
With their new hybrid software model , QNX has become much more accessible to this large and diverse group .
We are very excited about the future of our partnership in both the commercial and academic spaces . ”
NuDesign
Stan Kmiec , President
“ In our experience , availability of source code has allowed our customers to optimize implementations of our SNMP and CLI management agent tools and solutions .
Gaining similar visibility into QNX 's runtime components will not only help customer optimizations but will accelerate our own ability to integrate our products with theirs .
This initiative will mesh the know - how and best initiatives of the user community with development programs at both QNX and NuDesign .
As a result , I foresee many benefits for our joint customers going forward . ”
Renesas Technology Corp
Tsutomu Miki , General Manager ,
Automotive Semiconductor Business Unit , MCU business group
“ The availability of QNX ’s source code will enable developers to harness the power of the QNX Neutrino kernel when bringing the latest innovations built on Renesas platforms to market reliably and cost effectively .
By introducing transparent development in a hybrid software model , QNX is fostering an environment that combines the best of commercial and open source software innovation . ”
About QNX Software Systems QNX Software Systems , a Harman International company ( NYSE : HAR ) , is the industry leader in realtime , embedded OS technology .
The component - based architectures of the QNX ® Neutrino® RTOS and QNX Momentics ® development suite together provide the industry ’s most reliable and scalable framework for building innovative , high - performance embedded systems .
Global leaders such as Cisco , DaimlerChrysler , General Electric , Lockheed Martin , and Siemens depend on QNX technology for network routers , medical instruments , vehicle telematics units , security and defense systems , industrial robotics , and other mission - or life - critical applications .
Founded in 1980 , QNX Software Systems is headquartered in Ottawa , Canada , and distributes products in over 100 countries worldwide .
Visit www.qnx.com.
Editorial Contacts
Paul Leroux
QNX Software Systems
+1 613 591-0931
paull@qnx.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A new U.S. intelligence report says Iran halted its nuclear weapons program in 2003 and it remains on hold , contradicting the Bush administration ’s earlier assertion that Tehran was intent on developing a bomb .
A technician is seen at the uranium conversion facility in Isfahan , south of Tehran , February 3 , 2007 .
A new U.S. intelligence report says Iran halted its nuclear weapons program in 2003 and it remains on hold , contradicting the Bush administration 's earlier assertion that Tehran was intent on developing a bomb .
REUTERS / Caren Firouz
The National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) released on Monday could undermine U.S. efforts to convince other world powers to agree on a third package of U.N. sanctions against Iran for defying demands to halt uranium enrichment activities .
Tensions have escalated in recent months as Washington has ratcheted up the rhetoric against Tehran , with U.S. President George W. Bush insisting in October that a nuclear - armed Iran could lead to World War Three .
But in a finding likely to surprise U.S. friends and foes alike , the latest NIE concluded : “ We do not know whether ( Iran ) currently intends to develop nuclear weapons . ”
That marked a sharp contrast to an intelligence report two years ago that stated Iran was “ determined to develop nuclear weapons . ”
But the new assessment found Iran was continuing to develop technical means that could be used to build a bomb and it would likely be capable of producing enough enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon “ sometime during the 2010 - 2015 time - frame . ”
The shift in the intelligence community ’s thinking on Iran comes five years after a flawed NIE concluded neighboring Iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction -- a report that helped pave the way for the U.S. - led invasion in March 2003 .
No nuclear , chemical or biological weapons were ever found in Iraq and intelligence agencies since have been more cautious about Iran ’s nuclear ambitions .
Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney , who have repeatedly accused Iran of seeking nuclear weapons , were briefed on the new NIE last Wednesday .
Washington , which insists it wants to solve the Iran problem diplomatically while leaving military options “ on the table , ” is pushing for tougher U.N. sanctions against Tehran but faces resistance from China and Russia .
Iran insists it wants nuclear technology only for civilian purposes , such as electricity generation .
The nuclear standoff has become a major issue in the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign , with candidates weighing in on the prospects for military action against Iran .
U.S. STILL SEES IRANIAN “ RISK ”
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , among senior Democrats who had requested the updated report on Iran , said the assessment challenged some of the administration ’s “ alarming rhetoric about the threat posed by Iran . ”
He and other critics had accused Bush trying to rush the country into war again based on faulty intelligence .
Bush ’s national security adviser said that on balance the report was “ good news , ” insisting it showed Tehran was susceptible to international pressure but that the risk of it acquiring nuclear weapons “ remains a very serious problem . ”
But he added : “ The international community has to understand that if we want to avoid a situation where we either have to accept Iran on a road to a nuclear weapon ... or the possibility of having to use force to stop it with all the connotations of World War III , then we need to step up the diplomacy , step up the pressure . ”
Administration officials denied the new NIE had exposed a serious intelligence lapse but could not explain how agencies failed to detect for four years that Iran ’s nuclear weapons program had been halted .
Intelligence officials said the suspension involved design and engineering for a bomb and covert uranium - conversion work .
A key NIE finding was that : “ Tehran ’s decision to halt its nuclear weapons program suggests it is less determined to develop nuclear weapons than we have been judging since 2005 . ”
Still , the report said : “ We also assess with moderate - to - high confidence that Tehran at a minimum is keeping open the option to develop nuclear weapons . ”
Claims to be the World 's fastest , highest , longest , steepest zip line .
Height : 918 ft / 280 mLength : 1.2 miles / 2 kmTop Speed : 100 mph / 160 km/h
Glendene Grant , a 49 - year - old resident of Kamloops , British Columbia , never had any interest in visiting the United States .
That changed a little more than a year ago , when her daughter , then 21 - year - old Jessie Foster went missing in Las Vegas in March 2006 .
Since then , she has made three trips to the US to talk with investigators and publicize her daughter 's case on TV talk shows .
Jessie Foster traveled to Las Vegas in 2005 , and became a prostitute working for an escort service -- a fact her mother did not know until she began investigating her disappearance .
For more than a year , there has been no sign of her .
Her case had been declared " cold " by the North Las Vegas Police Department , but on the suggestion of a US journalist , Grant contacted a new unit in the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department dedicated to human trafficking cases , the ATLAS ( Anti- Trafficking League Against Slavery ) .
ATLAS agreed to take on the Foster case , saying it had the earmarks of a sex slavery case .
Jessie Foster
Grant was set to travel to Las Vegas again last week to meet with investigators and local media about the case , but this time she was turned back by US Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) officers at the Vancouver airport .
The reason ?
She had a 1986 conviction for marijuana and cocaine possession .
As Drug War Chronicle reported just two weeks ago , both the US and Canada bar people who admit past drug use or have drug convictions from entering the country .
Glendene Grant found that out the hard way , and she can't believe her ancient conviction even matters .
" I was supposed to fly last Monday night , but when I got to the airport , they told me to come back the next day , " Grant told Drug War Chronicle .
" I went early and spent three hours talking to one of the agents , and he finally said I would be denied and that I would have to get a waiver -- the same form they had given me the night before .
I asked to speak to CBP supervisor Patricia Lundy , but I could tell she was not going to listen to anything I had to say .
She asked if my daughter had chosen to go to Las Vegas , and when I said yes , she said ' Then I guess she made her own choices , did n't she ? '
When I asked ' Are you telling me my daughter chose to be kidnapped ? ' she threw me out of the office and called the RCMP to escort me away .
It was the most unprofessional behavior I 've seen in my life . "
" They tried to say I could n't cross because of that old drug conviction , " Grant said .
" I have never hid it , I had a valid passport , then , for some reason , it became an issue . "
It was always an issue , according to the CBP .
" She is automatically inadmissible for life because of the drug conviction , " said CBP spokeswoman Cherise Miles .
" We let her in before because it was an extreme circumstance .
If she was coming on vacation , she would have been denied admission , " she told the Chronicle .
Grant 's only recourse is to seek a waiver allowing her to enter the US , said Miles .
" A waiver is not automatic , but perhaps her circumstances would help turn it in her favor . "
The waiver fee is a non-refundable $ 265 .
The process takes " perhaps four to six weeks , maybe longer , " said Miles .
" I do n't have $ 265 , " Grant protested .
" We have to fundraise for everything we do .
I can't work very much , we can't afford to keep going , but we do .
But I do n't have $ 265 . "
[ Ed : There is a donation form at the Jessie Foster web site linked to above . ]
CBP 's Miles said that Grant had been allowed in on a humanitarian " parole , " but that she had been warned she would have to apply for a waiver .
Grant said that the first she heard about a waiver was when CBP officers at the Vancouver airport refused her entry and handed her a waiver form .
Now , Grant is pondering her options .
" I do n't know what to do , " she said .
" I 've contacted my Canadian representatives , but it does n't look like there is any way around this .
Maybe the provincial governor can give me a pardon . "
In the meantime , Jessie Foster remains missing and a harsh and unyielding US immigration law is keeping her mother from trying to find her .
" I just sit here and think about it , " she said .
" What happens if they do find Jessie or her body and I can't go get her ? "
For such a prolific filmmaker , Woody Allen considers himself to be essentially lazy .
In Toronto yesterday to promote his 38th feature film , Cassandra 's Dream , Allen said he is not a " perfectionist " when it comes to making films and that his work takes a back seat to family , friends and even watching sports .
" I 'm not a dedicated filmmaker , I 'm lazy .
To me , making a film is not the be - all end - all of my life .
I want to shoot the film and go home and get on with my life , " Allen said .
" I said to myself after the first film , this is ridiculous , I do n't want to work to get a shot and miss the basketball game .
I do n't want to have to work late , I do n't want to have to kill myself on the weekend , I do n't want to have to sit through rehearsals endlessly or shoot the extra 10 takes to get the perfect moment , " Allen said .
" I just decided that my life is more important ... my family , my children , my clarinet - playing , the basketball games , the baseball games .
All the shallow stuff of life ... is more important to me than making a perfect film , " he added .
In fact , Allen said , his original decision to go from stand - up comedy to writing and directing films was not to emulate the directors he admires , including Ingmar Bergman , Vittorio De Sica and Federico Fellini .
" I only went into films for the most shallow reasons , to meet women and so I would n't have to have a really arduous life of drudgery .
I went into ( filmmaking ) not with the highest aspirations but with really base motives , " he said .
Actors Colin Farrell and Ewan McGregor , who star in the film as ill - fated brothers , applauded Allen 's style , which involved almost no rehearsal and usually just two or three takes .
" It 's very hard afterwards to make films with other people because it ruins you .
It 's a very efficient way of filmmaking , " McGregor said .
" Woody is one of those who seems like he has absolutely no technique , which is beautiful , " Farrell said .
Farrell noted he did as many takes in Allen 's latest film as he did in one scene of the film version of Miami Vice .
" The only Woody Allen film I 've seen is Antz and I thought he was great in that , " Farrell joked , referring to the animated film in which Allen voices the lead character .
Cassandra 's Dream is the third time Allen filmed in the United Kingdom and his next film , already in the works , is set in Barcelona , Spain .
Allen said he 'll continue to work in Europe because he can get financing for his films there without giving up artistic control .
" It 's the strangest thing , I 've found that I can get more copacetic financing in Europe .
They do n't want to read my script , they do n't care who 's in it .
I'm a foreign filmmaker all of a sudden and it fulfills my adulthood fantasy , " Allen said , noting he has standing offers to work in France and Italy .
As his star waned and box office numbers dwindled , U.S. studios began to demand more control over casting and other major decisions .
" I 've been spoiled by decades of not working that way and I do n't think I could work that way .
And I said I would rather not do it .
I found it hard to get financing because ( the studios ) wanted some input .
I said , ` Once you open that door , the input would never stop . ' "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Allen criticized the U.S studio system , which funds big - budget films expecting huge profit .
" The average movie is about $ 40 million and they 're these stupid comedies that are just these dumb , teenage toilet - joke movies that ( cost ) $ 50 million , $ 100 million , $ 150 million , " Allen said .
" And I have to sweat all the time to get $ 15 million to make a movie .
Obviously , I 'm not going to bankrupt anybody .
I 'm not going to lose the whole $ 15 million , I might lose $ 12 million of it . "
Merrill Lynchis in talks with Chinese and Middle Eastern government - sponsored investment funds which could lead to the sale of another big stake in the U.S. brokerage , according to a media report .
John
Thain , the brokerage 's new chief executive , is in discussions to bolster the company 's capital base through further investments by sovereign wealth funds , Britain 's The Observer reported Sunday .
This would add to last week 's deal to sell up to $ 6.2 billion in shares to Singapore ’s Temasek and asset manager Davis Selected Advisers .
A spokeswoman for Merrill Lynch declined to comment on speculation about another capital infusion .
The report , which cited unnamed sources , warned the latest investment still wo n't be enough to shore up Merrill 's books amid further writedowns .
Merrill Lynch reported writedowns of $ 8.4 billion in the third quarter because of bad bets on mortgage - backed securities .
Analysts expect a further $ 10 billion in charges when it posts fourth - quarter results in January .
Global banks and investment houses have written down about $ 105 billion this year due to the global credit crisis .
In the meantime , U.S. banks have secured about $ 30 billion worth of capital from foreign - controlled investment funds .
Since taking over as CEO in November after the ouster of Stan O'Neal , Thain has expressed interest in selling non-core assets to help streamline the business .
As part of that makeover , Merrill agreed last week to sell its commercial finance business to GE Capital in a deal to free up $ 1.3 billion for other parts of the business .
The company also has n't ruled out the possibility of future investments , as needed , throughout 2008 .
Shares of Merrill fell Monday .
The stock is down 46 percent from its 52 - week high of $ 97.68 reached on Jan. 24 .
Adipocytes ( fat cells ) are the site of much metabolic and endocrine activity ; their physiology affects our energy balance , insulin sensitivity and a host of other processes throughout the body .
And of course , as some of us know all too well , their behavior is dynamic not only from hour to hour but from year to year , over the course of aging .
It ’s natural to ask questions about the impact of life - extending regimens like calorie restriction ( CR ) on the biology of adipocytes .
A study of rat adipocytes reveals that CR influences the expression of a wide range of signaling molecules , and reverses or mitigates some of the age - related changes in gene expression observed in previous research .
From Zhu et al. :
Adipogenic signaling in rat white adipose tissue : Modulation by aging and calorie restriction Alterations in adipogenesis could have significant impact on several aging processes .
We previously reported that calorie restriction ( CR ) in rats significantly increases the level of circulating adiponectin , a distinctive marker of differentiated adipocytes , leading to a concerted modulation in the expression of key transcription target genes and , as a result , to increased fatty acid oxidation and reduced deleterious lipid accumulation in other tissues .
These findings led us to investigate further the effects of aging on adipocytes and to determine how CR modulates adipogenic signaling in vivo .
CR for 2 and 25 months , significantly increased the expression of PPARγ , C / EBP β and Cdk - 4 , and partially attenuated age - related decline in C / EBPα expression relative to rats fed ad libitum ( AL ) .
As a result , adiponectin was upregulated at both mRNA and protein levels , resulting in activation of target genes involved in fatty acid oxidation and fatty acid synthesis , and greater responsiveness of adipose tissue to insulin .
Moreover , CR significantly decreased the ratio of C/ EBP β isoforms LAP / LIP , suggesting the suppression of gene transcription associated with terminal differentiation while facilitating preadipocytes proliferation .
Morphometric analysis revealed a greater number of small adipocytes in CR relative to AL feeding .
Immunostaining confirmed that small adipocytes were more strongly positive for adiponectin than the large ones .
Overall these results suggest that CR increased the expression of adipogenic factors , and maintained the differentiated state of adipocytes , which is critically important for adiponectin biosynthesis and insulin sensitivity .
The findings regarding C/ EBP β and LAP / LIP are especially interesting in light of observations we discussed last year ( see Mechanisms of translational control in aging liver ) .
LAP / LIP , a dominant negative isoform of the transcription factor C / EBPβ , is upregulated at the translational level in aging liver ( also a hotbed of fat metabolism ) ; high levels of LAP / LIP diminish transcriptional activation by C / EBP β family transcription factors .
At the time we last discussed the issue , it was unclear whether this gene regulation represented a deleterious outcome of aging or a protective response against its ravages .
Here , we see that CR decreases LAP / LIP while increasing overall levels of C / EBPβ , suggesting that the treatment boosts transcriptional activation by this pathway .
CR extends lifespan , and it has a variety of other positive effects on physical health ( though not necessarily mental health ; see So hungry , so sad : Calorie restriction and depression ) .
Taken together , the results of Zhu et al .
and the earlier liver paper strongly imply that C/ EBP β transcription serves a life - extending function , and that the age - related increase in LAP / LIP expression is likely to be deleterious .
IP Home .
IP On Change .
IP Zurich Report .
IP News Service .
IP Products .
-----------
Digital Collection 11 September .
World Cup 2002 .
War in the Gulf .
Front Pages Today .
-----------
-----------
Content Summit .
----------- IP Top Awards .
Liberals got women the right to vote .
Liberals got African - Americans the right to vote .
Liberals created Social Security and lifted millions of elderly people out of poverty .
Liberals ended segregation .
Liberals passed the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act .
Liberals created Medicare .
Liberals passed the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act .
What did the ignorant conservatives do ?
They opposed them on every one of those things .
Every damn one !
So when you try to hurl that label at my feet , ' Liberal , ' as if it were something to be ashamed of , something dirty , something to run away from , it wo n't work because I will pick up that label and I will wear it as a badge of honor .
ASC Blog
April 2 , 2008
The Pentagon lodged a capital murder charge against an alleged al - Qaeda operative for actions committed before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , The Washington Post reported .
The alleged al - Qaeda member , Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani , was held secretly by the CIA before being sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2006 .
Pentagon prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Ghailani before a military commission tribunal at Guantanamo Bay for , among other things , his alleged involvement in the 1998 bombing of the U.S. embassy in Tanzania , where at least 11 people were killed and nearly 100 injured .
The Post reported that the Pentagon ’s push for the death penalty must be approved by the Bush administration .
In hearings held at Guantanamo Bay , Ghailani asserted he was not “ consciously ” involved in plotting the embassy bombing .
He has , the newspaper reports , acknowledged working for al - Qaeda .
Phillip Carter , an attorney with McKenna Long & Aldridge who has a national security practice , wondered in Slate how the Bush administration would work around the U.S. Constitution ’s Article I provision that “ No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed . ”
James Madison wrote in 1788 that the Article I provision against Bills of Attainder and ex post facto laws was aimed at ensuring the government did not wield legislation to undermine civil liberties .
He wrote that the American populace had “ seen with regret and indignation that sudden changes and legislative interferences , in cases affecting personal rights , become jobs in the hands of enterprising and influential speculators , and snares to the more - industrious and less - informed part of the community . ”
Jan Nessel of the Center for Constitutional Rights told The Post that federal government was using the military tribunals to “ hide what the CIA is doing in its interrogation program behind the secrecy of the ( military ) commissions , which can allow the use of secret evidence , as well as evidence obtained through torture . ”
Brig .
Gen. Thomas W. Hartman , legal adviser for the military commissions system , defended the military tribunals , describing them as exhibiting “ extraordinary ” fairness .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
CNN : Editor defends decision not to run photos of suspicious passengers
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday August 29 , 2007
Print This Email This
CNN reported on Tuesday that when the FBI asked Seattle newspapers and televisions stations to run photographs of two dark - haired men , taken by the captain of a Seattle ferry who considered their behavior suspicious , the Seattle Post - Intelligencer refused .
The refusal , which was defended by Managing Editor David McCumber in his blog at the paper , was quickly painted as a major transgression by Fox News , Michelle Malkin , and right - wing blogs .
McCumber joined CNN's John Roberts to explain his decision .
" We felt that suspicion is not evidence and that homeland security is n't just a blanket reason to deviate from our usual standards , " McCumber stated .
" We do n't run the names of people who are suspected of crimes before they 're charged with crimes .
...
It seemed like a civil liberties issue . "
McCumber added that " we've ... received a great amount of support , " including from " a captain of [ another ]
Seattle ferry . "
Roberts pointed out that , since 9/11 , " law enforcement ... have been assigned the role , at least with the FBI , of trying to prevent terrorist attacks before they happen , "
" It 's certainly something that we 're all wrestling with , " agreed McCumber .
" I think we 'll have more of these sorts of things . "
" Is this a case of racial profiling or is it behavioral profiling ? " asked Roberts .
" You do n't know if the observer is racially profiling or not , " said McCumber .
" The racial aspect of it really was n't the reason .
We would have made the same decision no matter what the ethnicity of these people . "
The following video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on August 28 .
Gina Partington believed her son had died ( Pic : MEN )
Gina Partington , from Urmston in Greater Manchester , had mistakenly identified a dead man as her son and went to his cremation on Tuesday .
Police called the next day to say they had found her 39 - year - old son , Tommy Dennison , in Nottingham .
Mrs Partington said that her son and the other man , as yet unidentified , " could have been twins " .
After she was first told her son was dead she mentioned distinctive scars he had from a previous brain injury and a badly ulcerated leg , and police confirmed it was him .
He had been formally identified by his caseworker , who had reported him missing several days earlier .
I went and lifted the shroud and it was Tommy .
I held his hand - it was him
Gina Partington , mother
And Mrs Partington said when she saw the man lying on the mortuary block she too thought it was her son .
" I went in with my ex-husband who went in first and said : ' Oh my god it 's Tommy ' .
" I went and lifted the shroud and it was Tommy .
I held his hand - it was him . "
The man was cremated at a ceremony on Tuesday .
Mrs Partington was picking up her granddaughter from a party on Wednesday when she got a call from police saying they urgently needed to speak to her .
" They showed me a photograph of somebody they said they had in custody in the Midlands for a few days - and it was my son .
" I said : ' No , it 's a joke - you 're being silly , he 's gone ' .
But they said they 'd arrange for me to speak to him .
He said , ' You 've buried me ' and I said , ' Yes son and I 've given you a really good send off '
Gina Partington , mother
" Then on the way home I got a surreal call .
I 've got my granddaughter sitting there in Halloween costume and this boy saying to me , ' Hiya mam it 's me Tam . ' "
" He said , ' You 've buried me , ' and I said , ' Yes son and I 've given you a really good send off ' .
" You 've had a Scottish flag and a Scottish minister - it 's been a proper Scottish funeral . "
Mrs Partington said she did not blame police and admits even she was fooled about his identity .
" They could have been twins - I can't actually accept it was n't my son .
Even the police confirmed it was him .
I do n't blame anybody , " she added .
Police have now told Mrs Partington they will introduce a system of fingerprinting a body that has no identification .
Detectives now believe they know the name of the dead man who died on 12 October near Upper Brook Street in Rusholme , and are trying to contact his family .
The case has been voluntarily referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
James Russo has wrestled for some 60 years with his " black dog " of depression , since the days back in high school when a B left him feeling like an utter failure .
Valium did n't help when he tried it in his late 20s , nor did a tricyclic antidepressant .
Prozac made him jittery and nervous .
Finally , 15 years ago , Paxil offered relief , but he has had to double the dose since — and recently add another medication to handle post - retirement " doom and gloom . "
Says Russo , 73 , of Bernville , Pa. : " My disease lives in the corner of my mind , sometimes sleepy enough to let me enjoy a little optimism but ever ready to ruin a day or a week or a year . "
What has become abundantly clear in the antidepressant age — the drugs are now the most commonly prescribed medications in the country — is that depression is terribly difficult , if not impossible , to cure .
Many primary - care doctors , who treat 80 percent of depressed people , labor under the assumption that a prescription is a panacea .
But antidepressants completely alleviate symptoms in only about 35 to 40 percent of people compared with 15 to 20 percent of those who take a placebo — a fact not publicized in pharmaceutical ads .
And about 70 percent of people who successfully beat one bout can expect to face another .
" We just do n't have one magical pill that will do the whole trick , " says Madhukar Trivedi , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas .
He recently participated in the government - funded " Star * D " trial of more than 4,000 patients with difficult - to - treat depression , which showed success rates of antidepressants could be increased but that it sometimes took four tries of various drugs plus therapy .
Even then , in 30 percent of those who completed the yearlong study , symptoms still lingered .
Lifestyle culprits .
Gradually , many mental - health practitioners are coming to believe that adjusting brain chemistry with medication is n't enough — that depression is a complex chronic disease , akin to diabetes , requiring lifestyle changes and ongoing monitoring to address underlying causes .
As with diabetes , experts have begun to look for culprits in the 21st - century lifestyle .
Might the isolating , sedentary , indoor computer culture explain , for example , why the disorder appears to be surging in young adults ?
Today 's 20 - somethings have a 1 - in - 4 lifetime risk of experiencing depression 's hallmark black mood , joylessness , fatigue , and suicidal thoughts compared with the 1 - in - 10 risk of their grandparents ' generation .
Americans are 10 times as likely to have depression today as they were 60 years ago , a development that is not merely a result of increased awareness and diagnosis .
There 's certainly evidence that vigorous exercise has an effect on mood .
Trivedi and others have shown that burning off 350 calories three times a week in sustained , sweat - inducing activity can reduce symptoms of depression about as effectively as antidepressants .
Brain - imaging studies indicate that exercise stimulates the growth of neurons in certain brain regions damaged during depression .
And animal studies have found that physical exertion increases the production of brain molecules that improve connections between nerve cells and act as a natural antidepressant .
Sunlight or light - box exposure often helps people prone to seasonal affective disorder .
And there 's no doubt that getting a decent night 's sleep can lift the spirits .
Nutrition may play a role , too :
It 's fairly well established that those who eat the most fish have the lowest rates of depression .
Realizing that primitive societies like the Kaluli of Papua New Guinea experience virtually no depression , Stephen Ilardi , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kansas , is now testing a cave - man - esque approach to treatment with promising results .
His 14 - week Therapeutic Lifestyle Change program entails large doses of simulated hunter - gatherer living in people suffering from prolonged , unremitting depression .
Participants sign up for 35 minutes of aerobic exercise ( running , walking briskly , biking ) three days a week , at least 30 minutes of daily sunlight or exposure from a light box that emits 10,000 lux , eight hours of sleep per night , and a daily fish oil supplement containing 1,000 mg of the fatty acid EPA and 500 mg of the fatty acid DHA .
Brooders .
They also get plenty of time surrounded by the " clan , " in the form of frequent social gatherings with family members , Starbucks dates with friends , and volunteer work .
" Hunter - gatherers almost never had time alone , " says Ilardi ; even a generation or two ago , people grew up supported by extended family and much more engaged with their community .
Too much time in isolation , he says , means " opportunities to ruminate , " the modern scourge .
Studies indicate that brooders are far more likely than nonbrooders to develop depression .
" I feel terrific now , but I 'm really well plugged in with my old friends , " says Russo , who regularly calls and E - mails former colleagues , occasionally traveling 70 miles to Philadelphia to meet them for lunch .
Obsessive thinkers can learn to redirect themselves .
Cognitive behavioral therapy , for example , teaches people to recognize when irrational negative thoughts are triggering a mood plunge and to reframe those thoughts in a rational way .
Was that coworker really laughing at my outfit ?
Or just trying to be witty in front of the boss ?
A 2006 study published in the American Journal of Psychiatry found that people whose symptoms disappeared after cognitive behavioral therapy showed significant changes on MRI scans in two brain regions associated with depression .
What 's more , the therapy appears to be as effective as medication when used for resistant depression , according to findings from the Star * D trial .
" Drugs are quicker acting and take less work in the short run , but they only suppress the problem , " says Michael Thase , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine who led the comparative study for Star *D .
The therapy , he says , allows people to take action when their mood is dipping to prevent a full - blown relapse .
After learning anti-rumination strategies in weekly group therapy sessions , TLC participant Becky Foerschler of Lawrence , Kan. , now puts a 15 - minute limit on her mental rehashings of tense conversations with friends and family .
Foerschler , who first developed depression two years ago at age 47 , then uses techniques to distract herself , like calling a friend or getting out of bed to read .
She says that she 's been symptom free for the past 15 months .
Data on all of Ilardi's 73 graduates have n't yet been published .
But he reports that 59 percent achieved complete remission , compared with just 10 percent of a control group that continued on antidepressants or therapy .
And most of the patients have stayed depression free after one year of follow - up .
Ilardi allows that he made things convenient :
He provided free fish oil supplements and light boxes ; a local fitness club donated gym memberships ; and his graduate students volunteered as informal personal trainers .
In the real world , people in the throes of depression often have a hard time just getting out of the house to have a prescription filled .
" If I had depression , I would probably undertake many of the elements he 's talking about , " says psychiatrist John Rush , who led the Star * D study at UT Southwestern , " but whether they 're sufficient for those with chronic depression remains to be demonstrated . "
Better care .
Clearly , what most doctors offer is a far cry from the extent of care Ilardi provides .
A September study by the Rand Corp. found that most do a poor job of monitoring medications and addressing alcohol abuse and suicide risk ; fully one quarter of patients given prescriptions for antidepressants never completed treatment , and many whose symptoms got worse were n't given a higher dose or a different medication .
" Doctors should n't just ask , ' How are things ? ' " says Rush , whose symptom assessment questionnaire , available at ids - qids.org , is used widely by researchers to measure treatment effects .
" Symptoms should be assessed before treatment and again after six to eight weeks .
If the score on the questionnaire does n't improve , treatment needs to be altered . "
The Star *D study suggests that genetic differences could explain why some folks feel completely better on a particular drug , while others get some benefit , and still others get no response or develop suicidal tendencies .
CNN legal analyst : Alleged Halliburton rapists may go free John Byrne and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday December 12 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Because of an employment contract signed by Halliburton employees requiring that all disputes be settled out of court , a legal analyst for CNN says employees alleged of gang raping a former employee may go free .
Former employee Jamie Leigh Jones is filing a federal lawsuit claiming she was gang - raped by employees of Halliburton in Iraq and held shipping container with a bed , then told she would be fired if she sought medical treatment .
" She signed an employment contract and there is a mandatory arbitration clause in that contract , " CNN legal analyst told Kiran Chetry on CNN 's American Morning Tuesday .
" It says if there 's any dispute arising out of your employment or related to your employment , that dispute does n't go before a jury , does n't go before trial judge , goes before an arbitrator . "
" The bottom line is I am surprised that the Justice Department and that the prosecutors have not investigated this to its completion and brought charges and I have to say I think that is coming , " Hostin said .
" I think after all the press that we 've seen , that is going to come , but this is a civil action , an action that she is bringing and typically when you bring a civil action , you can bring it according to The constitution or according to your rights you can bring it in a court of law .
She signed that right away with her employment contract and people do it all the time . "
" You 're talking money , not prison time for the accused if they are found guilty , " Chetry added .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on December 12 , 2007 .
RUSH TRANSCRIPT
( via closed captions )
:: two members of congress are demanding answers about contractors accused of raping a coworker in iraq .
Jamie lee jones , now filing a federal lawsuit , there she is picture there is , against halliburton and kellogg , brown and root , accusing co-workers of drugging her and raping her at camp hogan baghdad in 2005 .
After it happened she was held in a shipping contain we are guards without food or water by kbr until u.s .
Embassy workers came to her rescue , after her dad called the state department .
Due to a legal loophole the accused may never face justice .
" american morning " legal analyst sunny hostin is here to explain what is , first of all , a horrible story when you hear her hell it , what is the legal loophole .
:: she signed an employment contract and there is a mandatory arbitration clause in that contract , and this is really a take - away for the viewers .
You probably have that in your own contract in your employee handbook that sort of thing .
It says if there 's any dispute arising out of your employment or related to your employment , that dispute does n't go before a jury , does n't go before trial judge , goes before an arbitrator .
: : this is more than a dispute .
She 's alleging a gang rape in which she was drugged .
When does the criminal nature of something take press den over a contract .
: : the bottom line is I am surprised that the justice department and that the prosecutors have not investigated this to its completion and brought charges and I have to say I think that is coming .
I think after all the press that we 've seen , that is going to come , but this is a civil action , an action that she is bringing and typically when you bring a civil action , you can bring it according to the constitution or according to your rights you can bring it in a court of law .
She signed that right away with her employment contract and people do it all the time .
You have to look at your employee contract and employment manual .
: : the other confusing part is she says a rape kit was done afterward , she was seen by army doctors , evidence of rape , and the rape kit then lost by the company .
:: coverup .
:: and they 're now saying , they 're wording , they feel they 're going to vigorously defend against these false accusations , it seems they 've already decided this did n't happen .
:: yeah , and that 's what it seems , it 's really odd to me that they would continuously say that this has not happened , that these claims are meritless , because we know the two embassy officials had to come and rescue her from this container .
She has a great case but it is a case that 's going to be heard in front of an arbitrator .
Let me also say this , arbitrators sometimes are former judges so that is not to say she wo n't have her day in court , albeit an arbitration hearing but she will have a day in front of a judge .
: : you 're talking money , not prison time for the accused if they are found guilty .
:: we 'll see them in court soon I think .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
A roadside bomb struck a U.S. military patrol in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Monday , killing five U.S. soldiers , the U.S. military said .
The military recently described Mosul as the only major Iraqi city that has a considerable presence of al Qaeda in Iraq fighters .
After the soldiers ' vehicle was hit by the bomb , gunmen fired on the patrol from a nearby mosque , a military statement said .
Iraqi and coalition forces secured the area and returned fire on the insurgents , the statement said .
Iraqi soldiers entered the mosque , but the gunmen had fled .
" The insurgents are willing to desecrate a place of worship by using it to attack soldiers to further their agenda , " said Maj .
Margaret Kageleiry , a Task Force Iron spokeswoman .
Task Force Iron is participating in Operation Iron Harvest , an offensive to root out insurgents in the northern Iraqi provinces of Nineveh , Diyala , Tameem and Salaheddin .
Iraqi forces are also taking part in the operation .
Iraq 's Defense Ministry announced Sunday a major movement of Iraqi forces to Mosul , Nineveh 's provincial capital , as a prelude to a planned offensive intended to clear the area of Islamic fighters loyal to al Qaeda in Iraq .
The Iraqi forces include troops , special forces , tanks and Iraqi Air Force support , Defense Ministry spokesman Mohammed al - Askari told the state - run television network al - Iraqia .
Iraqi police and the army will play the lead role and will be supported by multi-national forces , he said .
A security official in the city told CNN that reinforcements from Baghdad would start arriving on Sunday and more will come over the coming two weeks .
Al - Askari would not discuss specifics .
Last week , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki announced he was deploying Iraqi troops to Mosul for a " decisive " confrontation with al Qaeda in Iraq militants .
The announcement followed a massive bomb attack Wednesday in the city that killed 60 people , most of them children , women and the elderly , according to the latest figures from the Iraqi Red Cross .
" What we are planning in Nineveh will , God willing , be decisive , " al - Maliki said Friday .
" This heinous crime committed against our people and sons in Nineveh hurt us , but also gave us a push to expedite the activation of the operations command . "
Earlier Monday , a roadside bomb struck a minibus and killed at least three people in eastern Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official told CNN .
The bomb exploded near a bus carrying a coffin in the New Baghdad district , the official said .
Five other people were wounded .
Elsewhere in the capital , a fire broke out Monday morning at Iraq 's Central Bank and spread to three floors of the five - story structure , the ministry said .
No one was hurt .
A bank employee told CNN that employees were not allowed into the building Monday morning .
Authorities have not yet determined the cause of the fire .
Iran 's state - run news agency said Monday Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will visit Iraq by the end of March .
His visit would be the first trip by an Iranian president to Iraq since the nations fought an eight - year war that killed an estimated 1 million people in the 1980s .
Ahmadinejad will go on his trip by the end of the Iranian year , which ends March 20 , the country 's Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki told reporters .
The Iranian president will also visit a number of European countries , Mottaki said .
The dates of those visits will be announced prior to the trips , the news agency quoted Mottaki as saying .
Officials in Iraq announced Ahmadinejad 's landmark trip last week , but the two sides had not settled on a date at that point .
The Iranian president received the invitation when his Iraqi counterpart , Jalal Talabani , went to Tehran on an official trip , officials said .
Relations between the countries have improved since the 2003 ouster of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni-led regime in Iraq .
The Bush administration accuses Iran of funding insurgents in Iraq , but both countries have long had close links .
The visit comes at a time when the United States is pushing for fresh sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Al Qaeda in Iraq • Iran
Sara A. Carter , Washington Times , September 7 , 2007
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in Texas have been ordered to abbreviate national security checks at one of the nation ”s busiest ports of entry to speed up travel between the United States and Mexico , according to official documents and multiple interviews with agents .
An Aug. 16 memorandum from CBP El Paso field office Director Luis Garcia directs agents to limit inspections of vehicle and pedestrian border crossers as wait times escalate .
The document , obtained by The Washington Times , sets new guidelines that border inspectors say undermine efforts to prevent terrorists and other criminals from entering the United States .
The memo says :
o If wait time is 45 minutes or less , officers are required to query all drivers and passengers older than 18 and ensure that the license plate is correct .
o If wait time is 45 to 60 minutes , customs officers are to query only the driver and 50 percent of the passengers .
Also , the officers are not to conduct compartment checks and density - meter readings used to find contraband .
o If wait time is 60 to 120 minutes or more — the average wait at the numerous crossings — they are to query only the driver and ensure that the license plate is correct .
{snip}
“ Basically , we were only running the documents of the driver every fifth vehicle , so everyone else was coming in without being checked to the same standards .
Even if you stick with the letter of this memo , it still falls short for national security purposes . ”
Officers , who speculated the guidelines were created to counter complaints from businesses in the region that are angry over delays at the border , said pedestrian crossings are even more vulnerable .
{snip}
El Paso is one of the world ’s busiest ports of entry .
According to the CBP , nearly 40,000 cars went through the ports of entry at El Paso , Santa Teresa and Fabens daily in July .
More than 145,000 pedestrians crossed into the United States during that period .
Rosemary Jenks , immigration lawyer and government relations director for Numbers U.S.A. , said the directives in the El Paso memo violate federal law .
In Section 110 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 , all border inspectors are to collect a record of departure for every alien departing the United States and match the records of departure with the record of the alien ’s arrival in the United States .
{snip}
Other documents obtained by the paper also show that customs officers in the El Paso sector have been told to “ not deny permits ” of entry to any person entering the United States , regardless of indicators that they ’ve overstayed their visa in the past .
CBP Chief George Carpenter , shift commander , sent a memorandum to all border inspectors informing them never to deny I - 94 forms , which allow non-immigrants extended stay in the United States , even if those people failed to turn in previous forms required by law .
All the El Paso inspectors were required to sign the memorandum .
According to multiple border inspectors , the agents who denied entry to non-immigrants without proof of the appropriate crossing forms were reprimanded by supervisors .
{snip}
Border inspectors told The Times that Chief Carpenter ’s memorandum was part of the agency ’s verbal policy for years .
The officers indicated their surprise when it was put in writing .
{snip}
“ That ’s the environment that we live in .
These are failed policies .
We ’re not supposed to question the people crossing the border ; we ’re supposed to just let them in .
When you look at the terrorist aspect of it — it was fertile ground for a sleeper cell because they can do or say anything and we ’re supposed to believe it . ”
Totally Nerdcore provided a geeky calendar for 2007 that featured naked women playing old school video games , and marked crucial dates like the day HAL 9000 was switched on .
Now the 2008 sequel is out , featuring a slew of superpowered nude women .
Check out some NSFW images from both calendars after the jump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The new year is barely three weeks old , so if you love mutant powers and nakedness , then this calendar should be right up your alley .
( Sadly there is no beefcake version . )
Like the first Nerdcore calendar , this one is also full of geeky dates , like the opening days for Iron Man and The Dark Knight .
You 'll also get nerdy trivia dates like Sarah Connor 's assassination , the morning Oceanic Airlines Flight 815 departed , and the day Marty was sent back to the future .
So , if you 're looking to decorate your dorm room , office cubicle , or basement rumpus room , you might want to pick one of these up .
You may have a hard time convincing your co-workers or significant other that it 's actually research for Heroes , but if you 're able to pull it off , then we salute you .
It 'll certainly get a lot more attention than your old Far Side calendar .
If there is one person who has the ability to stop the wrong - headed FISA bill that would provide retroactive immunity to the tele - comms , it 's Chris Dodd .
He has made the Constitution a centerpiece of his campaign from day one , and has a chance to back his words with action ... today .
Big Tent Democrat at MyDD urged Senator Dodd to " lead the resistance to the Dem Senate Cave in on FISA " and I think we all agree we need someone to step up .
Atrios talked a little bit more about Dodd 's unique position to do something about it .
Dodd is our best chance to stop this bill .
Read more below to take action .
Storage Container
The entertainment community is buzzing about the latest music video released earlier this year for the song , Melvin Wonder by the punk bank Frost Fire Hive .
Something is different about the look of the music video , and no one could seem to put their finger on it until , this week , lead singer Charlie Losten revealed in an interview their secret .
He explained that the music video was shot inside a storage container .
Local Storage Container Rental headquarters in Forest Hills is the location of this popular music video , and prides itself in cutting edge storage container rental .
Opened recently , the company is grateful to have a hand in the success of the music video , which helped bring the song to the number one position .
Storage Container for Sale
When interviewed , Losten explained the thought process that came to the band ’s use of a storage container for the backdrop of the video .
The band wanted a different look , something never seen before .
After a brainstorming session , Losten picked up a newspaper , and the first words that popped out at him were , “ Storage Container for Sale ” .
Boom .
The idea struck him to shoot it in a storage container .
At first , the thought was to buy the storage container for sale and use that on the property surrounding their recording studio , until they decided to rent one instead .
Storage Container Rental
The band contacted Ten - Gallon , and rented a container .
While they did not reveal details in the exact shooting of the video , the band did express their great and easy transaction of the storage container rental with Local Storage Container Rental .
Local Storage Container Rental is highly recommended by the high profile band , giving praise for the service and the facilities .
If you are looking for storage container rental , contact Local Storage Container Rental for an unforgettable experience .
Unsold copies of Robbie Williams ' latest album will soon be used to resurface Chinese roads .
The solo star 's record label EMI has confirmed that over one million copies of RUDEBOX will be crushed and sent to the country to be recycled .
The products will be used in street lighting and road surfacing projects .
EMI has started the recycling initiative in an effort to reduce spending , as it suffers from financial difficulties .
The record label 's new owner Terry Firma has stated that the main cause of its difficulties is the large advances paid to artists .
Meanwhile , Williams ' manager has denied reports that he is on strike in protest over plans to make 2,000 EMI employees redundant .
Reports had suggested that the former Take That star was withholding his new album .
Tim Clark has insisted that Robbie is merely putting his recording plan on hold while The Firm reorganises itself .
However , The Verve 's manager Jazz Summers has stated that he is advising the band to withhold their forthcoming album .
16/01/2008 14:31:11
'' I 've gotten used to it , '' Mr. Giuliani said in an interview yesterday .
'' At first you get very offended by it , but after a while I learned that it 's part of the political debate these days .
The way they marginalize you is by the grossest and most absurd analogies that people can come up with . ''
Deputy Mayor Randy M. Mastro goes so far as to detect a touch of flattery in the Giuliani - as - dictator analogies .
'' A lot of the same kind of stereotyping was done by the press and political opponents when Fiorello La Guardia was Mayor , '' he said , referring to one of La Guardia 's nicknames as the ' ' midget Mussolini . ''
'' And he was one of the greatest Mayors in history . ''
His brief political career suggests that Mr. Giuliani has become less concerned with loathsome analogies as he has grown more comfortable with his message -- he has called it a progressive form of Republicanism -- that combines putting welfare recipients to work with championing gay rights .
And it is also possible that he has gradually learned to try to contain the insults by responding coolly .
But he was n't always so tolerant , or so naive as to ignore the political value of expressing outrage , especially during campaigns .
Few in New York politics have forgotten the painful lesson learned by Robert Abrams , then the Attorney General , after he called Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato a fascist toward the end of the 1992 senatorial campaign .
Mr. D'Amato framed the comment as an inexcusable anti-Italian slur , and went on to win re-election .
A few weeks before he was elected in 1993 , Mr. Giuliani lashed out at supporters of his opponent , Mayor David N. Dinkins , for saying that his camp contained fascist elements .
'' They then went on to elaborate that I was surrounded with people like Hitler , Mussolini and Franco , '' he said at the time .
'' I do n't regard associations of my people that support me as fascists as a light matter . ''
en
There is a question I 've asked myself for years ; why are the Nazis the paradigmatic symbol of evil for our civilization ?
WHAT ? ( outraged )
Do n't you know history ?
Yes , very well thank you .
In fact , I know history well enough to realize that the Nazis come in a rather poor third in the 20th century mass murder sweepstakes , right after the USSR and the People 's Republic of China .
The murder toll of the USSR is , at minimum ten times greater than the Holocaust *.
Perhaps that 's not a fair comparison , the Third Reich had only 12 years to accomplish what the USSR did in 81 years and the PRC in 62 .
Still one has to wonder , why nobody calls someone whose politics they do n't like , a " Lenin " , " Stalin " , or a " Mao " ?
Well one reason could be that the Nazis mostly murdered Europeans .
The Chinese and the Russians were more distant peoples whose history and culture we knew little about .
Perhaps it 's the same reason we do n't call someone a " Tojo " , though the Japanese killed Chinese in numbers far exceeding the European casualties of WWII .
Another could be that the Nazis made the mistake of picking on a literate people capable of telling their story to the world .
We all know something about Jewish history because it is part of the history of western civilization , but how many in the West know or care about the history of the Crimean Tartars , Ukrainians or Tibetans ?
And , a bit of unconscious racism / culturism might be at work as well .
Perhaps we expect Asians and Russians to behave with what we think of as " oriental cruelty " , but Germany was a European nation whose contributions to western civilization are considerable .
But sometimes I get the depressing impression that the most important reason may be that it 's safe to beat the Nazi horse , because it 's a dead one .
They lost .
The USSR was until recently , and the PRC still is , a terrifying reality in the present .
And they had and have numerous apologists and defenders in the West .
Neo -nazis are a small group of pathetic losers nursing a neurotic need for attention , who do n't really scare anyone anymore .
I hear " Hitler " and " Nazi " tossed around by people who would never say " Stalin " or " Mao " or " communist " .
Is it because they are afraid of these kind of people ?
Or worse , is it because theyadmire them on some level ?
And why is it that when you compare someone like Ahmedinejad to the Nazis , who admires them and simultaneously denies the Holocaust while promising that next time he 'll do it right , you get accused of being " extremist " ?
But probably the biggest reason that the careless use of the " Nazi / Hitler " insult sets my teeth on edge , is - I 've been to Auschwitz .
Auschwitz ( Oswieciem ( Osh - vee - - chiem ) in Polish ) is a small town about an hour from Krakow by bus , in a rather remote rural area .
Today the town has essentially two industries , camp tourism and a furniture factory on the other end of the main street .
It makes me wonder what it 's like to grow up there .
Before the Second World War , it was an ethnically German town .
When Polish army reserve forces assembled there at the invasion , townspeople were taking pot shots at them from their windows as they retreated to the east .
Because it was remote , had a railhead and an army base with lots of three - story barracks , it was convenient to convert it to the largest death factory of the whole concentration camp system .
Since Poland had the largest concentration of Jews in Europe ( approximately 15 % of the country 's population ) it was most efficient to transport Jews from the much smaller communities of other countries there to be murdered .
I was told before I went there that it could make you sick .
It did n't .
Instead what I felt was numb .
Like I 'd had a shot of novocaine in my emotion center .
I had pictured it differently , more like the image of Stalag something - or - other in The Great Escape .
You know , wooden barracks on stilts .
These were actually three - story brick buildings that looked like they'd be perfectly comfortable dorms or barracks - if they had n't been full of starving , brutalized people .
I 'm told the extermination camp nearby , now almost totally gone was more like that .
The gas chambers : square buildings divided into a smaller square in one quarter of the floor where the crematoria were , and an L - shaped room around it - the murder room .
I had imagined the crematoria as larger .
These were like commercial ovens in size , with a slab big enough for one corpse .
This was a shock to me when I realized that the sonderkommandos had to pull out and process each body one at a time .
( I also did n't see any of the fake shower heads that I 'd read about .
A myth , or did they just not survive the years ? )
There were exhibits from every country which had citizens who died there , each country was given a building to create their own .
Some of the exhibits were devoted to countering holocaust denial : blankets with lab certificates confirming that they were made of human hair , canisters with certificates showing that they contained residues of Zyklon - B crystals , photos kept of experiments in starving humans to death .
Everyone who visits the camp probably has their own memory that time will never erase .
Mine was from a wall of mug shots .
Two of them near each other were of young girls , whose faces I will never forget till the day I die .
One is a Polish - looking girl with long blonde hair , covered with a kerchief and dressed in peasant style .
She looks into the camera , afraid but not really comprehending what is happening .
The other is a girl of about the same age , 14 - 16 I 'd guess , dressed in prison stripes with her hair shaved to a buzz cut .
She 's looking into the camera with a terrified expression , like she knows exactly what 's going on . *
And I mean murder , the deliberate killing of helpless civilians or POWs , not direct or incidental casualties of war .
( CNN ) --
With less than a month until the first votes are cast in the presidential campaign , the Republican race is wide open for the young voters , a survey shows .
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani is the top pick for 26 percent of young GOP voters .
Among young Republicans , more are undecided than those who have made up their minds .
Just 13 percent of young adults who say they are Democrats are still undecided , according to the survey .
The national poll by Harvard University 's Institute of Politics questioned about 2,500 18 - to 24 - year - olds between October 28 and November 9 .
Among decided GOP voters , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani leads the pack , and Illinois Sen. Barack Obama is the top pick for Democrats , the survey shows .
But candidates from both parties have reason to court the youth vote , according to the institute 's polling director , John Della Volpe .
More than 40 percent of young adults polled said they would " definitely be voting " in a primary or caucus , and 61 percent said they would definitely vote in the general election for president , according to the survey , which has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
The young voters could be the " wild card , " Della Volpe said , adding that in the 2004 presidential election , more votes were cast by people younger than 30 than those older than 65 .
Young people could easily swing enough votes to make a difference in the early contests , he said .
But that will be determined by how many young voters actually go to the polls .
A similar institute survey in October 2004 found that 81 percent of the respondents said they were " definitely " going to vote , but turnout in that age group was a little less than 47 percent , according to Census Bureau figures .
The first votes in the 2008 presidential race will be cast on January 3 , and 30 percent of young Republicans polled said they still have not selected their candidate .
Giuliani is the top pick for 26 percent of those surveyed .
His numbers are down from 6 months ago , when 31 percent chose him .
See who young voters want in the White House »
Rounding out the rest of the GOP slate , 15 percent of those polled said they would pick Arizona Sen .
John McCain ; 9 percent chose former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson ; former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Texas Rep. Ron Paul both came in at 6 percent ; and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee was close behind with 4 percent .
Obama is the top pick for 38 percent of young voters who say they are Democrats .
Thirty - three percent picked New York Sen. Hillary Clinton ; 7 percent chose former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards ; and 3 percent would vote for Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich .
Young Democrats are solidifying behind their candidates more than Republicans , Della Volpe said .
More than a third of all young Republicans voters are dissatisfied with their current crop of candidates , compared to just 18 percent of the young Democrats surveyed .
But , Della Volpe said , " it 's a month away from the first caucus and young people have a lot to think about before they actually cast their first vote . "
And the young voters are spending time thinking about the campaign and its top issues , the survey shows .
The war in Iraq is the most pressing issue for 37 percent of young Americans , according the poll .
Health care at 10 percent is the second most important .
The environment , the economy , immigration and foreign policy are also priorities for the youngest members of the electorate , the poll shows .
Additionally , most young adults said they think the country is headed in the wrong direction .
More than 60 percent said the country is on the wrong track , while just 15 percent said the country is headed in the right direction .
Young people want change , Della Volpe said , and now , " they see the efficacy of their vote and their participation , " he said .
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Iraq War
The most basic principle of a von Neumann machine is that programs and data can share memory as they are both just strings of bits .
This is still the basis of the architecture of all commercial computers , writes Peter Abraham of Bloor Research .
These two concepts came together at the dawn of computer history but have tended to drift apart ever since .
The COBOL programming language does n't look anything like data .
Object - orientation brought process and data closer together but even then the storage of the two was totally different .
XML goes back to von Neumann because data and programs can both be stored in XML .
In a sense XML goes further by storing input and presentation in the same format as well .
To take just three examples , ebXML is data , BPEL4WS is program and XFORMS is presentation .
This is philosophically and academically interesting but is it of any practical importance ?
The simple answer is yes , because if you can develop an XML machine that can process XML data based on XML programs you have a higher level machine than a von Neumann machine .
The practical effect of this is the ability to develop new applications with less code .
Is this feasible ?
A small UK company called hyfinity have a patent pending on the kernel for such a machine which they call a Morphyc architecture .
Think of it is as the equivalent of the control process in a von Neumann machine , bringing together input / output , memory and the arithmetic and logic unit .
The arithmetic and logic unit is bought - in in the form of commodity processes , including XML parsers , XPATH and XSLT processors .
The kernel itself is written in Java and only needs a JVM to run .
Based on this kernel , hyfinity have developed two products , MVC and PxP .
MVC is an extension of XFORMS which enables fast development of browser - based applications .
They have used this to develop xStudio which is the development environment for both products .
Once they had developed the basic functions of MVC , they used it to develop its own extensions .
This then gave them the base to build the xStudio functions needed for PxP .
PxP is a peer - to - peer integration package which allows the integration and in some cases the development of applications that receive , process and produce XML .
This recursive use of products to develop themselves has positive implications : the kernel is small and is very well tested , and at the next level up , the developers have used their own product , so they make sure it is user friendly .
The concentration on XML , to the exclusion of all else , makes the architecture of the product very clean and enables a great deal of functionality to be built on a small kernel .
Any connections to non XML messages or data will be through a third - party adapter .
The proof that this is an interesting idea is in the fact that a company with only eight full - time employees have built a product that functionally is in the same league as many of the much bigger and more established players .
If they can develop such a level of functionality using their own product then that product should be capable of developing functionally rich applications for their users .
Several clients are now live with industrial strength applications running .
The other fact that comes from the size of the development team is that it 's price point can be much lower and can be made attractive for highly distributed systems .
The obvious downside of such a small company is the question of whether they can survive in this very competitive market place .
If there 's any justice , they will do so . ®
Copyright © 2003 , IT - Analysis.com
It 's been a little while since I wrote about Haskell and the Scheme interpreter I 've been using to learn and play with both Haskell and Scheme .
I finished the tutorial and got myself a working Scheme interpreter and indeed it has been fun to use it for trying out little things now and then .
( Normally I would use Emacs or Dr. Scheme for that sort of thing . )
There certainly are interesting things to try floating around da intranet .
And also things to read and learn from , such as misp ( via Moonbase ) .
I 'm going to describe two new features of my Scheme in this post .
The second one is more interesting and was more fun to implement ( cond ) .
Pasing Scheme integers
Last time I left off at parsing R5RS compliant numbers , which is exercise 3.3.4 if you 're following along the tutorial .
Only integers in binary , octal , decimal , and hexadecimal are parsed right now .
The syntaxes for those are # b101010 , # o52 , 42 ( or # d42 ) , and #x2a , respectively .
To parse these we use the readOct , readDec , readHex , and readInt functions provided by the Numeric module , and import them thusly :
import Numeric ( readOct , readDec , readHex , readInt )
In order to parse binary digits we need to write a few short functions to help us out .
For some reason I could n't find binDigit , isBinDigit and readBin in their respective modules but luckily they 're trivial to implement .
The first two are self - explanatory , as is the third if you look at the implementation of its relatives for larger bases .
In a nutshell readBin says to : " read an integer in base 2 , validating digits with isBinDigit . "
-- parse a binary digit , analagous to decDigit , octDigit , hexDigit binDigit :: Parser Char binDigit = oneOf " 01 " -- analogous to isDigit , isOctdigit , isHexDigit isBinDigit :: Char - Bool is BinDigit c = ( c == ' 0 ' || c == ' 1 ' ) -- analogous to readDec , readOct , readHex readBin :: ( Integral a ) = ReadS a readBin = readInt 2 isBinDigit digitToInt
The next step is to augment parseNumber so that it can handle R5RS numbers in addition to regular decimal numbers .
To refresh , the tutorial 's parseNumber function looks like this :
parseNumber :: Parser LispVal parseNumber = liftM ( Number . read ) $ many1 digit
Three more lines in this function will give us a decent starting point :
parseNumber = do char ' # ' base parseDigits with the given base to do the dirty work .
If that fails then fall back to parsing a boring old string of decimal digits .
That brings us to actually parsing the numbers .
parseDigits is simple , but there might be a more Haskell -y way of doing this .
-- Parse a string of digits in the given base .
parseDigits :: Char - Parser LispVal parseDigits base = many1 d >>= return where d = case base of ' b ' -> binDigit ' d ' -> digit ' o ' -> octDigit ' x ' -> hexDigit
readFoo
head
fst
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
eval env ( List ( Atom " cond " : List ( Atom " else " : exprs ) : [ ] ) ) = liftM last $ mapM ( eval env ) exprs eval env ( List ( Atom " cond " : List ( pred : conseq ) : rest ) ) = do result <- eval env $ pred case result of Bool False -> case rest of [ ] -> return $ List [ ] _ -> eval env $ List ( Atom " cond " : rest ) _ -> liftM last $ mapM ( eval env ) conseq
else
cond
rest
pred
#f
#f
conseq
else
conseq
cond
Today , I broke my cardinal rule of defense reporting : never be a test subject for a supposedly " nonlethal " weapon .
I adopted this rule some time back at a trade show , when I saw somebody pick up a dazzling laser from a booth and point it as his own face at close range .
Basically , untrained people are prone to do stupid stuff around nonlethal weapons and I ’m really fond of my central field of vision , so why take the risk ?
But today , the military offered the second opportunity ever for reporters to be blasted by the Active Denial System , a millimeter wave beam weapon designed to heat up the very tippy top layer of skin .
Considering that they ’ve blasted the thing some 10,000 plus times , and at several hundred people , I thought , " Oh why not ? "
The demonstration was held today at Quantico in Virginia , where a couple dozen reporters — along with military personnel — volunteered for a demo .
All you had to sign was a " release of liability " and a " general talent release " that " grants the U.S. Government the right to " use my name , or that of said infant or minor child … in any matter and for any purpose whatsoever ; and to do the same perpetually . "
[ Note to U.S. government : I may have forgot to sign and turn that second form in .
Sorry ! ]
That ’s right , I was shot — not once , but twice — by the military ’s oh - so - scary Active Denial System .
Yes , I realize the video is rather undramatic .
Let me get to that .
In the briefings leading up to the test , Susan LeVine , of the Joint Nonlethal Weapons Directorate , told us that ADS felt like being burned by a hairdryer at the hairdresser ( women will understand this one better than men ) .
Colonel Kirk Hymes , head of the Directorate , described it like the heat on your face when you open the oven to baste a Thanksgiving Turkey ( I guess that ’s a guy thing , because women do n’t stick their heads in the oven when they baste a turkey ) .
Now , here ’s the immediate reaction of three reporters after going under the beam today :
" Can you do my other side ? " one guy asked .
" That felt great , " another reporter quipped .
" I want to go , again , " a third requested .
Lesson number one : The Active Denial System does not like the rain , or as Air Force Research Lab scientist Diana Loree put it , rain " attenuates the beam . "
And it was n’t just raining down at Quantico today , there was water everywhere .
On the equipment , on the ground , and forming in huge , muddy puddles .
We were all drenched and cold .
Frankly , getting that nice blast of heat from ADS was the best part of my day .
Lesson number two :
It ’s hard to say whether the rain issue ( which has always been acknowledged as a factor in the ADS beam ) makes any difference in the end .
After all , everyone jumped out of the beam within a couple of seconds .
And , as the officials at the test noted , in real world operations , we would likely be closer to the beam ( we were positioned over 500 meters away from the ADS system ) .
That said , my initial thought was :
If it does n’t cut it as a weapon , it could be a nice space heater in a pinch .
Philip Freneau : Rules for Changing a Republic [ into a Democracy and then ] into a Monarchy from : Organizing the New Nation THE ANNALS OF AMERICA Encyclopedia Britannica , Inc. 1784-1796
Those who had opposed the constitution thought their fears justified by the conduct of the government that began to function in 1789 .
Under the aggressive leadership of Alexander Hamilton , the Secretary of the Treasury , economic measures were taken that favored the few , while a effective party machine was organized and the army strengthened in such a way as to suggest an intent to control rather than to represent the many .
The whole tone of Washington 's administration was aristocratic , favoring as it did the educated , the wealthy , the clergy and the press , who were fearful of " mob rule " and preferred to see what Hamilton called " gentlemen of principle and property " in command .
As Hamilton had at his service a newspaper -- John Fenno's Gazette of the United States -- to support his policies , his opponents , led by Jefferson and Madison , decided to establish a rival newspaper , the National Gazette .
Philip Freneau , an experienced journalist of known democratic leanings , was chosen to edit the paper .
The editorial , reprinted here , is typical of those in which Freneau criticized the Hamiltonian program from 1791 to 1793 .
Source : American Museum , July 1792 : " Rules for Changing a Limited Republican Government into an Unlimited Hereditary One . "
Reformatted for Microsoft WORD 5.0 for DOS by John E. Trumane , Founder Account for Better Citizenship December 21 , 1992 [ Read aloud with heavy British accent . ]
Rules for changing a limited republican government into an unlimited hereditary one : 1 . It being necessary in order to effect the change , to get rid of constitutional shackles and popular prejudices , all possible means and occasions are to be used for both these purposes .
2 . Nothing being more likely to prepare the vulgar mind for aristocratical ranks and hereditary powers than titles , endeavor in the offset of the government to confer these on its most dignified officers .
If the principal magistrate should happen to be particularly venerable in the eyes of the people , take advantage of that fortunate circumstance in setting the example .
3 . Should the attempt fail through his republican aversion to it , or from the danger of alarming the people , do not abandon the enterprise altogether , but lay up the proposition in the record .
Time may gain it respect , and it will be there always ready , cut and dried , for any favorable conjuncture that may offer .
4 . In drawing all bills , resolutions and reports , keep constantly in view that the limitations in the Constitution are ultimately to be explained away .
Precedents and phrases may thus be shuffled in , without being adverted to by candid or weak people , of which good use may afterward be made .
5 . As the novelty and bustle of inaugurating the government will for some time keep the public mind in a heedless and unsettled state , let the press during this period be busy in propagating the doctrines of monarchy and aristocracy .
For this purpose , it will be particularly useful to confound a mobbish democracy with a representative republic , that by exhibiting all the turbulent examples and enormities of the former , an odium may be thrown on the character of the latter .
Review all the civil contests , convulsions , factions , broils , squabbles , bickering , black eyes and bloody noses of ancient , middle and modern ages ; caricature them into the most frightful forms and colors that can be imagined , and unfold one scene of horrible tragedy after another till the people be made , if possible , to tremble at their own shadows .
Let the discourses on Davila then contrast with these pictures of terror the quiet hereditary succession , the reverence claimed by birth and nobility , and the fascinating influence of stars , and ribbons and garters , cautiously suppressing all the bloody tragedies and unceasing oppressions which form the history of this species of government .
No pains should be spared in this part of the undertaking , for the greatest will be wanted , it being extremely difficult , especially when a people have been taught to reason and feel their rights , to convince them that a king , who is always an enemy to the people , and a nobility , who are perhaps still more so , will take better care of the people than the people will take of themselves .
6 . But the grand nostrum will be a public debt , provided enough of it can be got and it be medicated with the proper ingredients .
If by good fortune a debt be ready at hand , the most is to be made of it .
Stretch it and swell it to the utmost the items will bear .
Allow as many extra claims as decency will permit .
Assume all the debts of your neighbors -- in a word , get as much debt as can be raked and scraped together , and when you have got all you can , " advertise " for more , and have the debt made as big as possible .
This object being accomplished , the next will be to make it as perpetual as possible ; and the next to that , to get it into as few hands as possible .
The more effectually to bring this about , modify the debt , complicate it , divide it , subdivide it , subtract it , postpone it , let there be one - third of two - thirds , and two - thirds of one - third , and two - thirds of two - thirds ; let there be 3 percents , and 4 percents , and 6 percents , and present 6 percents , and future 6 percents .
To be brief , let the whole be such a mystery that a few only can understand it ; and let all possible opportunities and informations fall in the way of these few to cinch their advantages over the many .
7 . It must not be forgotten that the members of the legislative body are to have a deep stake in the game .
This is an essential point , and happily is attended with no difficulty .
A sufficient number , properly disposed , can alternately legislate and speculate , and speculate and legislate , and buy and sell , and sell and buy , until a due portion of the property of their constituents has passed into their hands to give them an interest against their constituents , and to ensure the part they are to act .
All this , however , must be carried on under the cover of the closest secrecy ; and it is particularly lucky that dealings in paper admit of more secrecy that any other .
Should a discovery take place , the whole plan may be blown up .
8 . The ways in which a great debt , so constituted and applied , will contribute to the ultimate end in view are both numerous and obvious : ( 1 ) The favorite few , thus possessed of it , whether within or without the government , will feel the staunchest fealty to it , and will go through thick and thin to support it in all its oppressions and usurpations .
( 2 ) Their money will give them consequence and influence , even among those who have been tricked out of it .
( 3 ) They will be the readiest materials that can be found for a hereditary aristocratic order , whenever matters are ripe for one . ( 4 ) A great debt will require great taxes ; great taxes , many tax gatherers and other officers ; and all officers are auxiliaries of power .
( 5 ) Heavy taxes may produce discontents ; these may threaten resistance ; and in proportion to this danger will be the pretense for a standing army to repel it . ( 6 ) A standing army , in its turn , will increase the moral force of the government by means of its appointments , and give it physical force by means of the sword , thus doubly forwarding the main object .
9 . The management of a great funded debt and a extensive system of taxes will afford a plea , not to be neglected , for establishment of a great incorporated bank .
The use of such a machine is well understood .
If the Constitution , according to its fair meaning , should not authorize it , so much the better .
Push it through by a forced meaning and you will get in the bargain an admirable precedent for future misconstructions .
In fashioning the bank , remember that it is to be made particularly instrumental in enriching and aggrandizing the elect few , who are to be called in due season to the honors and felicities of the kingdom preparing for them , and who are the pillars that must support it .
It will be easy to throw the benefit entirely into their hands , and to make it a solid addition of 50 , or 60 , or 70 percent to their former capitals of 800 percent , or 900 percent , without costing them a shilling ; while it will be difficult to explain to the people that this gain of the few is at the cost of the many , that the contrary may be boldly and safely pretended .
The bank will be pregnant with other important advantages .
It will admit the same men to be , at the same time , members of the bank and members of the government .
The two institutions will thus be soldered together , and each made stronger .
Money will be put under the direction of the government , and government under the direction of money .
To crown the whole , the bank will have a proper interest in swelling and perpetuating the public debt and public taxes , with all the blessings of both , because its agency and its profits will be extended in exact proportion .
10 . " Divide and govern " is a maxim consecrated by the experience of ages , and should be familiar in its use to every politician as the knife he carries in his pocket .
In the work here to be executed , the best effects may be produced by this maxim , and with peculiar facility .
An extensive republic made up of lesser republics necessarily contains various sorts of people , distinguished by local and other interests and prejudices .
Let the whole group be well examined in all its parts and relations , geographical and political , metaphysical and metaphorical ; let there be first a northern and a southern section , by a line running east and west , and then an eastern and western section , by a line running north and south .
By a suitable nomenclature , the landholders cultivating different articles can be discriminated from one another , all from the class of merchants , and both from that of manufacturers .
One of the subordinate republics may be represented as a commercial state , another as a navigation state , another as a manufacturing state , others as agricultural states ; and although the great body of people in each be really agricultural , and the other characters be more or less common to all , still it will be politic to take advantage of such an arrangement .
Should the members of the great republic be of different sizes , and subject to little jealousies on that account , another important division will be ready formed to your hand .
Add again the division that may be carved out of personal interests , political opinions , and local parties .
With so convenient an assortment of votes , especially with the help of the marked ones , a majority may be packed for any question with as much ease as the odd trick by an adroit gamester , and any measure whatever carried or defeated , as the great revolution to be brought about may require .
It is only necessary , therefore , to recommend that full use be made of the resource ; and to remark that , besides the direct benefit to be drawn from these artificial divisions , they will tend to smother the true and natural one , existing in all societies , between the few who are always impatient of political equality and the many who can never rise above it ; between those who are to mount to the prerogatives and those who are to be saddled with the burdens of the hereditary government to be introduced -- in one word , between the general mass of the people , attached to their republican government and republican interests , and the chosen band devoted to monarchy and Mammon .
It is of infinite importance that this distinction should be kept out of sight .
The success of the project absolutely requires it .
11 .
As soon as sufficient progress in the intended change shall have been made , and the public mind duly prepared according to the rules already laid down , it will be proper to venture on another and a bolder step toward a removal of the constitutional landmarks .
Here the aid of the former encroachments and all the other precedents and way - paving maneuvers will be called in of course .
But , in order to render the success more certain , it will be of special moment to give the most plausible and popular name that can be found to the power that is to be usurped .
It may be called , for example , a power for the common safety or the public good , or , " the general welfare . "
If the people should not be too much enlightened , the name will have a most imposing effect .
It will escape attention that it means , in fact , the same thing with a power to do anything the government pleases " in all cases whatsoever . "
To oppose the power may consequently seem to the ignorant , and be called by artful , opposing the " general welfare " , and may be cried down under that deception .
As the people , however , may not run so readily into the snare as might be wished , it will be prudent to bait it well with some specious popular interest , such as the encouragement of manufactures , or even of agriculture , taking due care not even to mention any unpopular object to which the power is equally applicable , such as religion , etc .
By this contrivance , particular classes of people may possibly be taken in who will be a valuable reinforcement .
With respect to the patronage of agriculture there is not indeed much to be expected from it .
It will be too quickly seen through by the owners and tillers of the soil , that to tax them with one hand and pay back a part only with the other is a losing game on their side .
From the power over manufactures more is to be hoped .
It will not be so easily perceived that the premium bestowed may not be equal to the circuitous tax on consumption which pays it .
There are particular reasons , too , for pushing the experiment on this class of citizens : ( 1 ) As they live in towns and can act together , it is of vast consequence to gain them over to the interest of monarchy .
( 2 ) If the power over them be once established , the government can grant favors or monopolies , as it pleases ; can raise or depress this or that place , as it pleases ; in a word , by creating a dependence in so numerous and important a class of citizens , it will increase its own independence of every class and be more free to pursue the grand object in contemplation .
( 3 ) The expense of this operation will not in the end cost the government a shilling , for the moment any branch of manufacture has been brought to a state of tolerable maturity , the excise man will be ready with his constable and his search warrant to demand a reimbursement , and as much more as can be squeezed out of the article .
All this , it is to be remembered , supposes that the manufacturers will be weak enough to be cheated , in some respects , out of their own interests , and wicked enough , in others , to betray those of their fellow citizens ; a supposition that , if known , would totally mar the experiment .
Great care , therefore , must be taken to prevent it from leaking out .
12 . The expediency of seizing every occasion of external danger for augmenting and perpetuating the standing military force is too obvious to escape .
So important is this matter that for any loss or disaster whatever attending the national arms , there will be ample consolation and compensation in the opportunity for enlarging the establishment .
A military defeat will become a political victory , and the loss of a little vulgar blood contribute to ennoble that which flows in the veins of our future dukes and marquesses .
13 .
The same prudence will improve the opportunity afforded by an increase of military expenditures for perpetuating the taxes required for them .
If the inconsistency and absurdity of establishing a perpetual tax for a temporary service should produce any difficulty in the business , Rule 10 must be resorted to .
Throw in as many extraneous motives as will make up a majority , and the thing is effected in an instant .
What was before evil would become good as easily as black could be made white by the same magical operation .
14 .
Throughout this great undertaking it will be wise to have some particular model constantly in view .
The work can then be carried on more systematically , and every measure be fortified , in the progress , by apt illustrations and authorities .
Should there exist a particular monarchy against which there are fewer prejudices than against any other , should it contain a mixture of the representative principle so as to present on one side the semblance of a republican aspect , should it , moreover , have a great , funded , complicated , irredeemable debt , with all the apparatus and appurtenances of excises , banks , etc. , upon that a steady eye is to be kept .
In all cases it will assist , and in most its statute books will furnish a precise pattern by which there may be cut out any moneyed or monarchical project that may be wanted .
15 .
As it is not to be expected that the change of a republic into a monarchy , with the rapidity desired , can be carried through without occasional suspicions and alarms , it will be necessary to be prepared for such events .
The best general rule on the subject is to be taken from the example of crying " Stop thief " first -- neither lungs nor pens must be spared in charging every man who whispers , or even thinks , that the revolution on foot is meditated , with being himself an enemy to the established government and meaning to overturn it .
Let the charge be reiterated and reverberated till at last such confusion and uncertainty be produced that the people , being not able to find out where the truth lies , withdraw their attention from the contest .
Many other rules of great wisdom and efficacy might be added ; but it is conceived that the above will be abundantly enough for the purpose .
This will certainly be the case if the people can be either kept asleep so as not to discover , or be thrown into artificial divisions so as not to resist , what is silently going forward .
Should it be found impossible , however , to prevent the people from awaking and uniting ; should all artificial distinctions give way to the natural divisions between the lordly minded few and the well disposed many ; should all who have common interest make a common cause and show a inflexible attachment to republicanism in opposition to a government of monarchy and or money , why then .... # # #
Return to Table of Contents for
Philip Freneau
Bush signs bill to preserve US Attorneys ' ' independence ' Michael Roston
Published : Friday June 15 , 2007 Print This Email This Late on Thursday , President George W. Bush signed into law the " Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 . "
The bill , which was introduced by Senator Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) , removed a controversial provision at the heart of the current US Attorneys controversy that allowed the Attorney General to appoint US Attorneys on an interim basis for an indefinite period of time .
Critics said the measure allowed the Justice Department to do an ' end - run ' around Senate confirmation of controversial picks for the powerful prosecutor posts .
Earlier in the day , as RAW STORY reported , Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , Chairman of the Judiciary Committee , suggested that Attorney General Alberto Gonzales had once again used the authority that the President later overturned with his signature to grant an interim appointment to a US Attorney .
RAW STORY later learned that George Cardona , the Acting US Attorney for the Central District of California , was the US Attorney in question .
But later communications with Cardona 's office added a layer of confusion to the story , as the US Attorney in question was not aware of any change to his appointment status .
" We have not been informed about the appointment of an interim US Attorney , " said Cardona spokesman Thom Mrozek .
" In the meantime , Cardona remains the acting US attorney . "
Cardona , the First Assistant US Attorney to previous Bush selection Debra Wong Yang , was appointed using the authorities granted under the Vacancies Reform Act , which gave him 210 days to serve without confirmation by the Senate .
News reports show that Cardona was appointed November 20 , 2006 .
Under the 210 day limit , Cardona would have reached his 206th day of service on Wednesday , when Senator Leahy was reportedly informed of the interim appointment .
RAW STORY was unable to reach the Department of Justice to clarify the nature of its notification to the Judiciary Committee .
But a Senate Democratic staffer made clear on Thursday that any indefinite , interim appointment under the PATRIOT
Act would be canceled out by the Feinstein bill entering into force .
Feinstein 's bill puts a 120 - day limit on any interim US Attorney appointments .
At the same time , if the Justice Department has already or plans soon to grant Cardona an interim appointment , it could run afoul of the intent of the bill just signed by the President .
" It is not our intent to allow such an abuse by having the Vacancies Act provisions and those of S. 214 used in sequence , " said Senator Patrick Leahy on the Senate floor on March 20 .
" We do not intend for the Attorney General to use such a misguided approach and seek to install a choice for 330 days without the advice and consent of the Senate . "
President Bush made the announcement to little fanfare on the White House website late in the day on Thursday .
So far , there is no ' signing statement ' associated with the bill .
The bill passed the Senate by a 94 - 2 margin on March 20 , and also cleared the House of Representatives by a 306 - 114 vote on May 22 .
Why Applications Suck ( Part 1 )
Why do people outside of corporations overwhelmingly use webmail instead of email clients ?
Long before rich email clients like gmail were available , people have flocked to the internet email client - messaging has been the killer feature of the web for a long time now .
But why ?
The answer is simple : Overwhelmingly , users do not want to install programs , and users do not want their data stored on their computer .
In that order of importance .
Users Don't Want to Install Programs
Let 's examine the process of getting a popular , free , email client like Thunderbird installed .
To do so , imagine that we 're instructing our kindly aunt Tilly how to install it .
Now Tilly is no old fogie , she 's been using Microsoft Word at work for over a decade now , and she knows her way around msn.com .
However , she just decided to strike out looking for a new job , and wants to finally use that personal email address that came with her cable internet .
She 's got us trapped on the phone , and " we know computers " , so here 's roughly what we 'll tell her to do :
type google.com in the address bar type in " thunderbird " ; press enter click on the first result click on " Download Thunderbird " click " OK " choose a place to save it ( Just use the desktop , Tilly ! ) minimize the browser hunt for the file named " Thunderbird "
And , ohmigod , we 're not even close to done .
She 's still got to run the installer ( 3 - 4 clicks minimum ) , which involves selecting an installation directory ( a what ? ) , then open the program , open the tools -> accounts menu option , find the documentation for her service provider 's email tools , copy them into the " add new account " wizard ( another 3 - 4 clicks ) where appropriate , remember her user name and password , and then download all the email she 's had sitting there since she has n't checked it ever .
Now , finally , she 's ready to use her email client .
It 's just that easy !
Let 's compare the process for getting her up and running with gmail :
type " gmail.com " in the address bar click on " sign up for gmail " fill out a form ( a task she probably knows how to do ) click on " I accept .
Create my account . "
Now , Tilly may not be the most technological mind around , but she 's also no dummy .
I know which one I 'd rather direct her to do .
Desktop application install is a problem .
Do We Even Want to Fix This ?
Many web 2.0 - savvy types will tell us that this is n't a big deal .
In the future , all of our applications should be inside our browser , and to speak otherwise is heresy !
The desktop is dead !
Sure , Javascript +
Json + the browser has limitations , but those restrictions are liberating !
Get used to it , or perish !
Well , bah humbug .
Here 's what 's good about the web :
The easy posting , viewing , and navigating of documents described by URIs .
That 's it .
Let me repeat it for clarity :
The web , in your browser , is only really good at sending discrete data , displaying discrete documents and navigating in between them .
Phew .
The whole paradigm is absolutely superb at getting this job done .
The system of hyperlinks , URIs , DNS , and HTTP over TCP / IP is the greatest achievement that computer programmers have achieved , a massive global effort that has managed to stay amazingly open and coherent .
It " Just Works " enough to change the way information is distributed , businesses are run and even how society is structured .
Anything amenable to being represented as discrete visual documents has taken to the internet like a duck to water .
Chief among them is email ; check out the top 100 global Alexa websites and see how many " social networks " in how many languages are in the top 100 .
Sites displaying news ( documents ) , photographs ( documents ) , videos ( strictly as documents ) , and information about software ( documents ) make up most of the rest .
What 's left among those 100 is the elephant in the room ; the Killer Internet Application : search .
Even Microsoft 's lame search engine finds its way into the top 100 because people will do whatever they need to in order to search the web ; it 's the only way to get an effective handle on the information in the Great Hyperlinked Mass .
I believe it 's the exception to my " web is only good at documents " theory that proves the rule .
Search Works , so Let 's Put All our Apps On the Web
Since the web gained massive worldwide popularity in the mid-1990s , an enormous amount of effort has been spent on making the browser into an application development platform .
The Great Mozilla Rewrite basically shut that browser down between 1998 and 2002 in order to make it an application platform .
Microsoft developed activeX , Sun pushed Java applets as the solution , Adobe developed SVG , and Macromedia developed its Flash player .
Nowadays , Firefox is pushing < canvas > , Microsoft has released Silverlight , Macromedia has become Adobe , and Flash is the only one of the first generation technologies still breathing oxygen as a development platform .
Furthermore , with the invention of Google Gears , Joyent Slingshot , the aforementioned Silverlight , or Adobe Air , you might soon be able to ( gasp ) save files to the host computer !
That 's right , in 10 years we 've almost gotten to the point where a program running in a browser can save a file on your hard drive and read it when you 're offline .
The problem is that , fundamentally , a browser is still only good at one thing : documents .
Its whole paradigm is set up that way .
What does the " back button " mean when you 're playing a game of asteroids ?
What does " home " mean while you 're editing a photo ?
Does an address bar on an mp3 player need to be so in your face ?
We Can Fix This
So , instead of shoehorning our applications inside of the browser window because it 's convenient , let 's do something radical : bring our " real software " applications into the modern age of the internet .
In the next article , we 'll talk about how software installation came to suck so badly , with an eye towards how to go about bringing it up to the web era .
Since the turn of the millennium , a new militancy has arisen among religious skeptics in response to three threats to science and freedom : ( 1 ) attacks against evolution education and stem cell research ; ( 2 ) breaks in the barrier separating church and state leading to political preferences for some faiths over others ; and ( 3 ) fundamentalist terrorism here and abroad .
Among many metrics available to track this skeptical movement is the ascension of four books to the august heights of the New York Times best - seller list — Sam Harris ’s Letter to a Christian Nation ( Knopf , 2006 ) , Daniel Dennett ’s Breaking the Spell ( Viking , 2006 ) , Christopher Hitchens ’s God Is Not Great ( Hachette Book Group , 2007 ) and Richard Dawkins ’s The God Delusion ( Houghton Mifflin , 2006 ) — that together , in Dawkins ’s always poignant prose , “ raise consciousness to the fact that to be an atheist is a realistic aspiration , and a brave and splendid one .
You can be an atheist who is happy , balanced , moral and intellectually fulfilled . ”
Amen , brother .
Whenever religious beliefs conflict with scientific facts or violate principles of political liberty , we must respond with appropriate aplomb .
Nevertheless , we should be cautious about irrational exuberance .
I suggest that we raise our consciousness one tier higher for the following reasons .
1. Anti-something movements by themselves will fail .
Atheists cannot simply define themselves by what they do not believe .
As Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises warned his anti-Communist colleagues in the 1950s : “ An anti-something movement displays a purely negative attitude .
It has no chance whatever to succeed .
Its passionate diatribes virtually advertise the program they attack .
People must fight for something that they want to achieve , not simply reject an evil , however bad it may be . ”
2. Positive assertions are necessary .
Champion science and reason , as Charles Darwin suggested : “ It appears to me ( whether rightly or wrongly ) that direct arguments against Christianity & theism produce hardly any effect on the public ; & freedom of thought is best promoted by the gradual illumination of men ’s minds which follow [s ] from the advance of science .
It has , therefore , been always my object to avoid writing on religion , & I have confined myself to science . ”
3. Rational is as rational does .
If it is our goal to raise people ’s consciousness to the wonders of science and the power of reason , then we must apply science and reason to our own actions .
It is irrational to take a hostile or condescending attitude toward religion because by doing so we virtually guarantee that religious people will respond in kind .
As Carl Sagan cautioned in “ The Burden of Skepticism , ” a 1987 lecture , “ You can get into a habit of thought in which you enjoy making fun of all those other people who do n’t see things as clearly as you do .
We have to guard carefully against it . ”
4 . The golden rule is symmetrical .
In the words of the greatest conscious­ness raiser of the 20th century , Mart­in Luther King , Jr. , in his epic “ I Have a Dream ” speech : “ In the process of gaining our rightful place , we must not be guilty of wrong­ful deeds .
Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred .
We must forever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline . ”
If atheists do not want theists to prejudge them in a negative light , then they must not do unto theists the same .
5. Promote freedom of belief and disbelief .
A higher moral principle that encompasses both science and religion is the freedom to think , believe and act as we choose , so long as our thoughts , beliefs and actions do not infringe on the equal freedom of others .
As long as religion does not threaten science and freedom , we should be respectful and tolerant because our freedom to disbelieve is inextricably bound to the freedom of others to believe .
As King , in addition , noted : “ The marvelous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community must not lead us to a distrust of all white people , for many of our white brothers , as evidenced by their presence here today , have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny .
And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom . ”
Rational atheism values the truths of science and the power of reason , but the principle of freedom stands above both science and religion .
Bring matter and anti-matter together , and you get a potent explosion .
Since antimatter is annihilated almost as soon as it forms , you would n’t think you could find any out there in the Universe .
But you ’d be wrong .
There ’s a giant cloud of the anti-stuff in the central regions of the Milky Way .
Oh , and the cloud is lopsided .
An international team of astronomers have gathered together 4 years of observations from ESA ’s Integral space observatory .
The gamma ray observatory is able to detect the telltale burst of radiation when a particle of antimatter meets its normal matter counterpart .
The two particles annihilate each other in a powerful blast of gamma rays .
This burst of radiation is very specific ; the gamma rays from a matter / antimatter annihilation carry exactly 511 thousand electron - volts of energy .
So the astronomers just used Integral to scan the skies looking for these 511 keV emissions .
So where does all this antimatter come from ?
Astronomers think that exploding stars could produce it during stellar outbursts .
But they ’re not sure if this antimatter could actually be released in significant quantities to explain the large cloud near the centre of the galaxy .
Perhaps there ’s a more exotic process going on .
Other astronomers have theorized that the shape and position of the antimatter cloud matches the expected distribution of dark matter in the centre of the galaxy .
Perhaps dark matter is somehow being annihilated or decaying into other particles – including antimatter .
The new results from Integral actually point away from this theory .
The antimatter cloud is lopsided , with twice as much material on one side of the galaxy as the other .
Astronomers would expect that the antimatter should match the distribution of the dark matter .
There ’s one last explanation .
Theorists have proposed that a certain kind of binary star system , where an exotic compact object , like a white dwarf , neutron star or black hole , is a gravitational dance with a regular star .
The exotic star siphons away material , which piles up on its surface .
In this extreme environment , antimatter could be spontaneously generated in the intense radiation field .
Integral found a large population of binary stars located off - centre in the galaxy , corresponding to the distribution of the antimatter .
So instead of a cloud of antimatter , there ’s just a diffuse glow of gamma rays coming from all these binary star systems .
Original Source : ESA News Release
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Continuing Bill Moyers ' interview last night with host of MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann about the relationships between politics and journalism , fielding questions from Moyers ' own staff on how Olbermann perceives his particular style of journalism .
It is -- it becomes a nation of screechers .
It 's never a good thing .
But emergency rules do apply .
I would like nothing better than to go back and do maybe a sportscast every night .
But I think the stuff that I 'm talking about is so obvious and will be viewed in such terms of certainty by history that this era will be looked at the way we look now at the -- at the presidents and the -- the leaders of this country who rolled back reconstruction // I think it 's that obvious .
And I think only under those circumstances would I go this far out on a limb and be this vociferous about it .
Transcripts below the fold ;
The entire interview up at YouTube
BILL MOYERS : Quote , " I have long had mixed feelings about Keith Olbermann .
While it 's nice to have a cable anchor how does n't obsequiously parrot Republican National Committee talking points , I struggle with the fear that angry histrionics on both sides create more of the ugly polarization that paralyzes our institutions and prevents Americans finding common ground .
How does Mr. Olbermann differentiate his ad hominem attacks from those we see on the other side ? "
What do you say to Jesse ?
KEITH OLBERMANN :
Well , they 're better written .
The first -- no , I hate to -- I -- it 's the most vulnerable point because it bothers me , too .
It do -- it 's the one criticism that I think is absolutely fair .
We 're doing the same thing .
It is -- it becomes a nation of screechers .
It 's never a good thing .
But emergency rules do apply .
I would like nothing better than to go back and do maybe a sportscast every night .
But I think the stuff that I 'm talking about is so obvious and will be viewed in such terms of certainty by history that this era will be looked at the way we look now at the -- at the presidents and the -- the leaders of this country who rolled back reconstruction // I think it 's that obvious .
And I think only under those circumstances would I go this far out on a limb and be this vociferous about it .
BILL MOYERS : Another question from Gloria .
" Yesterday I was scanning some of Mr. Olbermann 's clips and I found one especially striking .
He was calling Bush a war profiteer , more concerned about the profits of the defense industry than the lives of the soldiers .
Right after he was done speaking , an ad came up for Boeing .
Does Mr. Olbermann feel his credibility is at all undermined by the fact that his network is financed by some of the very industries he decries in his commentary ? "
KEITH OLBERMANN : Yeah .
If we 're going to try to go corporation - free in any regard , I 'm afraid everybody watching would just be prepared for that , you know that old test pattern with the Native American head appearing in the middle of it .
' Cause we 're all , to some degree , involved in it .
It 's a nation of corporations , whether we like it or not .
As I said earlier , the fortunate part about broadcasting is if I 'm making them money , it does n't make a difference to them and I 'm on the air , how I 'm doing it .
And to be fair , many of these people on an individual basis have consciences that cannot be expressed in a corporate sense .
Many of the people for whom I work -- say , " You are saying things that I cannot say . "
So I get support in a different way entirely from my bosses .
BILL MOYERS : Follow - up from Reniqua .
And this could be to me , too .
" You 're a middle - aged white man who works for GE .
What 's so different from you sitting at the news desk than Walter Cronkite 40 years ago ?
Why should people listen to you ? "
KEITH OLBERMANN : I can't personally do anything about my -- about my racial background .
I 'm not going to wake up tomorrow anything other than what I am .
I just -- I 'm just taken , though , by the Cronkite analogy because , of course , it was Cronkite who did exactly what we 're talking about in a very focused way --
BILL MOYERS : Yeah , when he --
KEITH OLBERMANN : -- on Vietnam .
BILL MOYERS : -- when he came back from Vietnam and said -- the war has been lost .
And Lyndon Johnson said , " If I 've lost Cronkite , I 've lost middle America . "
KEITH OLBERMANN :
But the point being that there was -- there were emergency circumstances that he saw , too .
BILL MOYERS : Emergency ?
KEITH OLBERMANN : Yeah .
BILL MOYERS : You keep using that word .
Are we in an emergency ?
KEITH OLBERMANN :
Well , we 're being -- what -- here -- this is one thing with which I agree with George Bush .
We 're in an emergency .
He and I could just sit there -- we just talked about what an emergency we were in and never went into details , we'd have a great time .
BILL MOYERS : What is it , as you see it ?
KEITH OLBERMANN :
Well , it is the question of the future of the nation .
It 's one of those pivotal times in our history .
And I do n't know that necessarily everybody sees it in those terms because it is , once again , an opportunity not merely for any external threat but for internal threat .
Governments exist based on power that is taken from people .
It is -- they are necessary .
I 'm not an anarchist .
I believe in government .
But there is -- there 's no -- no possible interpretation other than to say that this administration and the Republican Party , to some degree the Democratic Party , have taken advantage of fear , of the unprecedented , nearly unprecedented attack that we saw in 2001 , to expand their powers on the premise always of security , which is , you know , the famous Franklin , Jefferson warning about that is it 's never been more applicable .
So it is , yeah , it is emergency circumstances as Walter Cronkite saw it .
I mean , here -- objective Uncle Walter , most trusted man in America .
When I have an opinion on the most important political issue of the day , I 'm gonna sink a president and maybe throw the election to the other guy right now .
And he said , well , you know , the chips have to fall in this direction because people are dying and our country is , to some degree , wounded and bleeding .
And our country is wounded and bleeding now if we do n't know whether or not habeas corpus exists .
You saw the winner , now it 's time to see the runners up of our Inappropriate Gizmodo Browsing contest .
The theme was reading Gizmodo in the most inappropriate place you could think of , and many of our readers took that to mean either reading us at work or while having sex .
In fact , there were four different entries of Gizzing during sex , one of them being topless .
If one of these entries is yours and you 've changed your mind about being shown off for the public ( and your boss ) to see , email me and we 'll take down the picture .
Otherwise , hit the link to see all the juicy Giz goodness .
Thanks to everyone who entered !
Nokia 810 Contest Winner !
Congratulations to Emily Schlittenhart , winner of our Nokia 810 Internet Tablet contest .
As you can Read more
Advertisement
Gawker Media polls require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click through to view in your Javascript - enabled web browser .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
dining in 2015
---
SHORTLIST DESIGN COMPETITION
deadline for submission of entries : december 15th , 2006
published january 20th , 2008
theme :
dining in 2015
- at work
- during travel
- at home
the jury was composed of
romeo gigli , fashion designer - ITALY
toshiyuki kita , industrial designer - JAPAN
fulvio pierangelini , celebrity chef - ITALY
cristoph radl , graphic designer - ITALY
luca trazzi - designboom
see the award ceremony and exhibition
- co organized by designboom and macef -
4843 creative individuals and institutions from 98 countries have participated .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
... and the winners are
3 ex equo 1st prize
' leaf - shaped spoon
' design by : shuhei senda from japan
and
' din-ink
' design by : andrea cingoli + paolo emilio bellisario + cristian cellini + francesca fontana from italy
and
' fragile
' design by : mey kahn + boaz kahn from israel
honorable mention
'eco-cook
' design by : ke chenyi camille from france
Blog
404 - Not found |
We searched the space , but we could not find the page you are looking for .
ACLU : Bush 's wiretap bill violates Fourth Amendment Adam Doster
Published : Tuesday December 4 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This The Senate plans to take up legislation as early as this week to rein in the Bush Administration 's spying powers by reforming the controversial Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
Caroline Fredrickson , director of the Washington Legislative Office of the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , says that when Congress rushed through wiretapping legislation this past August , they made a grave mistake .
" The Administration bill basically writes Augusts mistake in stone , " she wrote in a press release Tuesday .
" It does nothing to protect Americans ' communications and violates the Fourth Amendment requirement that courts supervise any spying on American soil . "
The Senate will likely choose between two bills .
The first , favored by the Bush Administration , would make the current FISA law permanent and would give retroactive immunity to Telecommunications companies that cooperated with government surveillance efforts .
The second would attempt to rein in some the Presidents surveillance flexibility .
Fredrickson is adamant that the Senate must reject the Bush proposal and hold telecoms accountable for past indiscretions .
" The bill sent to the president must not let the telecoms off the hook , " she said .
" We still dont know what they did .
We do know , however , that the companies wont have any incentive to follow the law in the future if they get away without having to answer to their customers about why they violated the law . "
The ACLU added that any bill passed must follow the Constitution by protecting American communications by individualized court orders .
In November , the House of Representatives passed a more moderate FISA revision entitled the Responsible Electronic Surveillance that is Overseen , Reviewed , and Effective Act of 2007 ( RESTORE Act ) .
The bill , according to New York Representative Jerrold Nadler , " restores and enhances the role of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in monitoring electronic surveillance programs , clarifies that monitoring communications among people in foreign countries does not require court approval , requires FISA warrants when targeting domestic communications , and strengthens protections against ' inadvertent ' warrantless surveillance of Americans ostensibly aimed at foreigners abroad . "
Read the whole story HERE .
A man dressed as Santa Claus rides on a motorbike through the village of Kuessnacht am Rigi on the shores of Lake Lucerne before the traditional " Klausjagen " procession in Switzerland in this December 5 , 2007 file photo .
A groping Santa , a drunken car chase , a bloody punchout .
Festivities in Antarctica got a little out of hand this Christmas .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann
WELLINGTON ( Reuters ) - A groping Santa , a drunken car chase , a bloody punchout .
Festivities in Antarctica got a little out of hand this Christmas .
Complaints of “ inappropriate touching ” were made against a Santa who had posed for photographs on a decorated snowmobile at the U.S. McMurdo station , on the edge of the continent , a New Zealand newspaper reported on Wednesday .
That incident was followed by another in which a U.S. staff member , suspected of drunk driving , raced along an icy road in a four - wheel - drive vehicle chased by a fire engine before she was intercepted , said Christchurch - based The Press newspaper , without citing sources .
McMurdo base is home to about 1,000 U.S. scientists and staff during the summer months and is the largest community in Antarctica .
At a different U.S. station at the South Pole a worker had to be flown out to a hospital in Christchurch , over 5000 km ( 3000 miles ) away , after his jaw was broken in a Christmas punchout with a fellow staff member , The Press said .
Both the bad Santa and rogue driver were summoned before their managers while the attacker in the South Pole brawl had been sacked , it said .
Doctors at Royal Wigan Infirmary in Greater Manchester put out the alert after fearing the man faced amputation as the ring cut off his blood supply .
Two firefighters used a mini hand grinder to cut through the ring during a 20 - minute procedure .
It is understood the man , aged in his 40s , was given an anaesthetic .
The firefighters placed a thin sheet of metal around his penis to protect the skin while removing the ring , which appeared to have been cut off from the end of a pipe .
Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service confirmed fire crews were called to the hospital at around 12.10 GMT on Thursday to " deal with a situation " .
A spokeswoman for Royal Wigan Infirmary said they were unable to comment about the incident .
Google 's interest in the 700MHz spectrum auction has not been a secret .
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said back in August that the company would " probably " bid in the auction , and Google announced several weeks ago that it was preparing all the necessary materials to make a bid .
Now , at last , Google is making it officially official .
The company will file the required documents with the FCC on December 3 , but the documents will remain confidential and Google wo n't speak further about the issue in public .
That 's due to FCC anti-collusion rules that prohibit bidders from discussing strategy with each other in private or through public channels .
Chris Sacca , Google 's head of special initiatives , stressed again in a blog post what Google has been saying throughout the year : " open access " rules on some of the spectrum will make this auction one of the most important in recent memory .
" Regardless of how the auction unfolds , we think it 's important to put our money where our principles are , " he wrote .
" Consumers deserve more choices and more competition than they have in the wireless world today .
And at a time when so many Americans do n't have access to the Internet , this auction provides an unprecedented opportunity to bring the riches of the Net to more people . "
So long as the $ 4.6 billion reserve price on the 22MHz of C block spectrum is met , the auction winner must support any application running on any device across the network it eventually builds .
Should that reserve threshold not be met , however , the spectrum will be auctioned again , this time without the rules in place .
Google 's presence in the auction should ensure that the auction exceeds the reserve , as the company is unlikely to let the bidding remain under the reserve price unless Google is wining the auction .
Assuming that the bids exceed the reserve , though , it 's not clear yet that Google 's interest lies in owning spectrum and building out a major wireless network .
Google has already had great success with its lobbying efforts , in large part being responsible for getting the FCC to impose the open access rules in the first place .
The pressure of the auction has already led Verizon Wireless to open its own network to any CDMA - compatible device , something that will start in the second half of next year .
Is all of this enough for Google , or does the company truly want to win a chunk of spectrum ?
We wo n't know for a while .
Although the auction starts on January 24 , 2008 , bidding could last several months before a winner is announced .
Monit makes Mongrel play nice !
It ’s 8 am am on a Monday morning , having finished my breakfast I park my enormous coffee mug on the desk , fire up Firefox and point it to my paradigm - shifting Rails application .
I want to check the overnight activity , but instead Apache is shouting back at me : “ Service is temporarily unavailable ” !
What happened !?
( Insert a sarcastic Monday morning joke here )
Well , after a quick inspection I realize that Apache is in fact alive and doing well , but my mongrel cluster is dead !
The error message is reported by mod_proxy since it is unable to locate any mongrel severs on the specified ports .
Not good .
After restarting the Mongrel cluster I start digging through the logs to see what happened , and sure enough I find that all Mongrel servers Seg .
Faulted in one of the libraries ( Ferret , if you ’re curious ) .
On further inspection , I also find that I ’m also not the only one with such problems .
Mongrel on its own is fairly stable , but in practice , as we all know , bad things happen and we need to have a way to recover from them .
And that is where Monit comes in :
Monit is a utility for managing and monitoring , processes , files , directories and devices on a UNIX system .
Monit conducts automatic maintenance and repair and can execute meaningful causal actions in error situations .
Nice thing is , we already have a cluster of mongrels , so the users will not notice when one of the servers dies as long as some other processes are running , all we have to guarantee is that at least one server is available to meet the minimum requirements of a functioning web - site .
So let ’s get to it , in your shell :
$ wget http://www.tildeslash.com/monit/dist/monit-4.8.1.tar.gz
$ tar zxvf monit $ cd monit $ ./ configure $ make && make install
Now you have Monit installed on your system , in my case the executable was at /usr / local / bin / monit .
Let ’s configure it to make Mongrel play nice !
In your installation directory ( where you compiled Monit from ) you can find monitrc , a well documented sample configuration file .
One feature that makes Monit stand out is its configuration syntax , it is extremely easy to follow and offers a lot of neat features .
Take a look at my config :
set daemon 60 set mailserver localhost set mail - format { from : monit @yourserver .
com } set alert myemail @domain .
com set httpd port 2812 and use address localhost # only accept connection from localhost allow localhost # allow localhost to connect to the server and ##### mongrel 8010 ##### check process mongrel - 8010 with pidfile / home / use r / rails / current / log / mongrel .
8010 . pid start program = " /usr/local/bin/ruby /usr/local/bin/mongrel_rails start -d -e production -p 8010 - a 127.0.0.1 - P /home/user/current/log/mongrel.8010.pid - c /home/user/rails/current " stop program =
" /usr/local/bin/ruby /usr/local/bin/mongrel_rails stop - P /home/user/current/log/mongrel.8010.pid " if totalmem is greater than 60 .
0 MB for 5 cycles then restart # eating up memory ?
if cpu is greater than 50 % for 2 cycles then alert # send an email to admin if cpu is greater than 80 % for 3 cycles then restart # hung process ?
if loadavg ( 5 min ) greater than 10 for 8 cycles then restart # bad , bad , bad if 3 restarts within 5 cycles then timeout # something is wrong , call the sys - admin if failed port 8010 protocol http # check for response with timeout 10 seconds then restart group mongrel
Update : apply this mongrel_rails patch to force mongrel to delete stale pid files .
Let ’s break it down .
Daemon directive tells Monit to check the services every 60 seconds ( keep it reasonable ! )
Next 3 lines configure the email notifications - should be self explanatory , can be omitted .
Monit also comes with its own lightweight web - server which allows you to monitor the status of the services and the system as a whole , you do n’t have to run it , but it ’s highly recommended .
As you can see , I only allowed access from localhost for security reasons .
How do you access it you say ?
Try lynx localhost : 2812 in your console , works great !
Now , let ’s fix our Mongrel !
Important things to note :
You need name your process ( mongrel - 8010 ) and specify the PID ( Process ID ) file location
Specify a startup and shutdown command
Specify your rules and assign a process group ( mongrel )
Repeat for all other mongrel processes
Save your configuration file , and we are ready to roll : /usr/local/bin/monit -c / path/to/monitrc
Monit should now be running , fire up lynx and see for yourself , you can select any of your mongrel servers and drill down to see more information on its status , stop it , start it , and restart it .
At this point you have probably realized that we are manually managing each mongrel , which means we forfeit the mongrel_cluster functionality .
And that is partially true , theoretically you could monitor the ‘ cluster ’ , but restarting the entire pack of servers on a single failure is not recommended .
However , we can make use of the group mongrel directive in Monit :
/usr/local/bin/monit - g mongrel [ stop|start|restart ] all </ kdbd >
In our config we assigned every mongrel process to the ‘ mongrel ’ group , and here we can control them all with a single command .
There is plenty of other handy features , check out the documentation for more !
You can also setup Monit to check your Lighty , Apache , Mail , SQL , even your toaster !
( if it has a network card )
For some good examples click here or here .
Film fest scores victory in First Amendment fight
A premier independent film festival has won a court fight meant to ensure states are unable to censor artistic events by withholding federal funds meant to promote creative endeavors .
The Ann Arbor Film Festival -- a showcase of " artistically inspired independent and experimental films " -- claimed in a federal lawsuit that Michigan lawmakers " unconstitutionally " withheld federal grants because they found some of the festival 's content " objectionable . "
The film festival filed its case against the state of Michigan along with the ACLU .
The state has since agreed to lift all content restrictions on federal funds , and the parties agreed to settle the lawsuit .
" This decision is n't only a victory for artistic freedom of expression , but a reminder to stand up and ensure that our government is held accountable for the power they wield ,  said Christen McArdle , AAFF Executive Director told Film Threat .
 We are pleased that arbitrary guidelines will no longer be used to deny artists their creative rights . 
The state banned funding for art that contained " depictions of flag desecration , or " displays of sex acts , " and some state legislators accused the festival of showing " pornographic " films , a charge festival officials vehemently deny .
Under the terms of the lawsuit settlement , Michigan 's policies on arts funding will mirror those of the National Endowment for the Arts , which have been evaluated by the US Supreme Court .
The festival has launched a fundraising campaign aimed at recouping money it lost in refusing all state funds while the old policy was in place .
The 46th annual Ann Arbor Film Festival will be held March 25 - 30 , 2008 , in Ann Arbor , Mich .
Among the banned films is " Boobie Girl , " directed by Brooke Keesling , a lighthearted animated tale of a young girl experiencing the changes of puberty .
In response to a post on the official World of Warcraft forums asking about Blizzard 's recent job listing seeking a " Lead 3D Character Artist - Next - Gen MMO , " Blizzard Community Representative Drysc confirmed that Blizzard is , in fact , seeking employees to help them work on " an unannounced Next - Gen MMO . "
Drysc then specified that this new project was not an expansion for the current World of Warcraft universe , leading many in the thread to speculate that the project could be anything from the oft - whispered - about Starcraft MMO to a persistent world based on The Lost Vikings or Blackthorne .
After contacting Blizzard for further information on the title and receiving Blizzard 's customary stoic , PR - backed silence , we 're left with nothing to do but wait for more information on the title ( and pray to our respective deities that it 's not an MMO based on Blizzard 's 1992 hit Dvorak On Typing ) .
New MMO from Blizzard in the works [ World of Warcraft Official Forums , via Ten Ton Hammer ]
Parent company DSG International suffered poor sales at Christmas
The chains said more than 90 % of the TVs they sold were already digital .
The move was welcomed by Digital UK , the body managing the analogue switch - off , which will finish in 2012 .
" Retailers of all sizes have a vital role to play in ensuring their products and their customers are ready , " Digital UK chief executive Ford Ennals said .
A major push to inform viewers about the move to digital began last year , when Whitehaven in Cumbria became the first area to have its analogue signal switched off .
The Scottish Borders will be the first full geographical region to lose its analogue signal , starting on 6 November 2008 .
The rest of the UK will follow suit over the next four years .
' Future - proof '
" We believe that it is appropriate to ensure that our customers are able to select from a future - proof range of televisions , " said Currys managing director Peter Keenan .
The Digit Al character was used to promote Whitehaven 's switchover
The shops will also stop selling DVD recorders featuring only analogue tuners .
The move comes just over three years after Dixons announced it would no longer stock video cassette recorders , another sign of changing times in technology .
The parent company of the three chains , DSG International , admitted earlier this month that its profit margins in the run-up to Christmas had been lower than expected .
It had cut prices of goods such as flat - panel television sets to drive demand .
The ( highly - unofficial ) Marine Corps Rules for Gunfights are tacked to the wall at a Marine outpost in the Iraqi town of Anoh in the Euphrates River Valley .
Among the rules :
Have a plan .
Have a backup plan because the first plan wo n't work .
The faster you finish the fight , the less shot you will get .
Be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everyone you meet .
— Tony Perry in Anoh , Iraq
The Meaning of a Fallen Wall Bush 's Delusions Die in Gaza
The mass jailbreak of Gazans into Egypt revealed the bankruptcy of both Israel 's policy of collective punishment and Bush 's attempt to make Mideast peace .
Von Gary Kamiya
READER COMMENTS ON
" Ohio Election Workers Sentenced to 18 Months for Rigging 2004 Presidential Recount "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Scott Trombetta said on 3/13/2007 @ 6:27 pm PT ...
Hey Brad
I had already left 2 comments in the diary linking the crowd back to your past coverage of the Cuyahoga mess .
As usual you 've been way out in front of the rest .
Agree it should have been longer than 18 mos , but it 's great to see some people are finally being held accountable .
PrgrsvArchitect
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Tim Mayer said on 3/13/2007 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment from Brent Turner deleted after multiple warnings about using multiple names and posting knowing disinformation .}
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... MsAnnaNOLA said on 3/13/2007 @ 8:08 pm PT ...
Oh my thanks for your coverage and thanks for changing the color scheme .
My eyes thank you for the latter .
I can now refer people over here without apologizing for the colors !
I will refer to you on all matters of voting !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... MMIIXX said on 3/13/2007 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
lets hope they squeal on the people who set them up to do this .
mick
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 3/13/2007 @ 9:14 pm PT ...
Nice .. 10 + years for a joint on school property , 1.5 years for underminding the will of 10s of millions and making a farce of our Democracy .
Yeah , let 's keep putting poor people in prison for holding some of god 's plants , but barely show concerne for those that actively try to destroy the country .
Gettin ' mad yet ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... patginsd said on 3/13/2007 @ 9:26 pm PT ...
Halleluia and hooray !!!!
You made my day !
I am THRILLED to see an inkling of justice come to pass .
How long have we waited for this little sliver of justice and hope ?
Thank you Brad !
NOW LET'S TRY HARDER !
2008 is just around the corner ...
Let 's all do our best to continue to spread the word ...
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/13/2007 @ 10:11 pm PT ...
18 stinking monthes what a fucking joke .
18 years would have been almost reasonable .
Ya , how many more have died and been maimed thanks to these fucking republican scum .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/13/2007 @ 11:22 pm PT ...
But , Savantster : Voter voting fraud is n't a dangerous , toxic narcotic !
Oh , that 's right , neither is a joint .
Maybe if we call it , " gateway voting fraud " , we can see some action around here !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ram said on 3/14/2007 @ 12:22 am PT ...
Brad & Co. :
Thanks for pushing and pushing .
I love Bradblog !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 3/14/2007 @ 1:39 am PT ...
I 'm with ya JOJ .
Eighteen years would be * Almost * reasonable .
I would add in addition to 18 years ...
a complete background check into these convicted ( Dig Deep , many years back ) , removal of ALL SECURITY clearances , banished from serving in ANY GOVERNMENT , local , state , or federal , banished from working for EVM manufactures , banished from lobbying government .
All this for LIFE .
They also ought to loose their right to vote --- forever .
People do n't seem to realise the " butterfly effect " when applied to electronic voting , has led us down an unconstitutional path .
It 's not just some joke theory .
It 's deadly real .
These electronic voting machines KILL PEOPLE !
What we are left because of their crimes .
No right to vote ( Ca n't count the damn thing )
A lot of death ( Lies , Broken Oaths of Office , War )
A lot of debt ( See war above )
A lot of corruption ( Hey lets steal the election we only get less that two years , hey let 's appoint cronies too !
Hell , lets take over the whole government , that way nobody can hold us accountable ever again .
We can do whatever we want , we are the new GOD . )
It would be redundant to say the destruction of the Constitution ..
Interesting this wonderful news has come to us from ANOTHER COUNTRY !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 3/14/2007 @ 2:12 am PT ...
I notice an inconsistancy in what I said between a. ) and b. ) a. )
They also ought to loose their right to vote --- forever .
b. )
No right to vote ( Ca n't count the damn thing )
Technically they have lost their right to vote , since it can not be counted correctly .
But I wanted to take this a step further and deny them the same ( broken currently " right to vote " ) they took from us .
And if it 's ever to be fixed proper in the future , they should not be allowed to participate .
Hope that made sense .
It 's hard to explain .
Most of the stuff going on by the Bush administration is " hard to explain " it 's purposly that way in my opinion .
There 's little mind games , word games , bill number games , and national security secrets games all to keep us in the darkness .
I ain't sayin there ain't real national security secrets .
I am just wondering how we are going to clean up this corrupt government that does not serve the will of the people .
That protects itself by hiding under the veil of national security .
I never did hear anything about that DHS thing in Ohio where people were denied access to oversee the vote counting because of some National Security Red Alert or some such nonsense in OHIO .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 3/14/2007 @ 4:45 am PT ...
So , who said women would be more compassionate , if in charge ?
You can lay several thousand deaths at the feet of these 2 women .
18 years is right !!!!!!!!!
Get the REST of them now !!
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 3/14/2007 @ 5:40 am PT ...
How is ANBCBSNNX 's coverage , of the stolen 2004 election ?
Now that it 's been proven in a court of law , that the recount was fixed ???
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 3/14/2007 @ 5:42 am PT ...
What do the wingnuts have to say about the Ohio conviction for the fixed 2004 recount ?????????????
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/14/2007 @ 6:25 am PT ...
While we are at it lets not forget that Rehnquist , Kennedy , Scalia , Thomas , and O'Connor in the US Supreme Court gave us this disaster in Bush v Gore .
The overall count in Florida was in favor of Gore , but the Bush loving Supreme Court did what the court in the Dred Scott decision did .
They forgot what america is about , and became fascist in their thinking .
And as the Dred Scott decision led to the blood of thousands of americans pouring into the dirt , so the Gore v Bush decision has led to the same thing .
The official history of Bush II is not going to be a good one .
Bush can pay all the shills he wants ( e.g. History of Bush , by Ann Coulter ) , but the real historians are speaking ... and it can only get worse .
Thanks supreme court , thanks criminals in ohio , and thanks diebold , for forcing crime and corruption on an America that had budget and reputation surpluses at the time you did your dirty work .
Now we have red ink , red states , red blood soaked soil , and a soiled reputation .
Meanwhile cheney delutionists at faux news tell us everything is fine .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Diane said on 3/14/2007 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Brad , I have been on the phone this morning to Feinstein and Schumer ’s offices telling them to contact you about voter fraud and use this opportunity to educate the public with the truth regarding election fraud in this country .
I mentioned the Arkansas US Attorney ’s involvement in “ caging voters ” .
I was sick last night watching Pat Buchanan on Scarborough spouting the right wing election fraud myths with no one to challenge him on the facts .
They always bring up the Loretta Sanchez race here in O C when she ran against that nut case ( ca n’t remember his name ) ….. not the most recent race of course .
I also told Schumer to stop referring to Gonzales as a “ nice ” guy … Beware the banality of evil .
Can you get on any of the talking head shows ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 3/14/2007 @ 7:58 am PT ...
Brad --
Diane at 16 is correct .
If the Repubs think voter fraud is an issue , fine let 's talk about it .
You are strategically armed to provide lots of help ( as is Rep Conyers ) .
This is an issue that absolutely should be brought into the USA Scandel 's spotlight .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 3/14/2007 @ 8:29 am PT ...
Guys ( #16 and # 17 ) , let 's not forget that the MSM is owned and controlled by the same kind of folks that put Shrubby in office in the first place ..
We all know how important stories have been witheld and crap stories about runaway brides and dead fat ignorant strippers ( who married rich ) are all over ' page 1 '..
Getting our Congress persons to " speak up about it " in an attempt to " educate the masses " wo n't go anywhere ..
Nor will any elected official make too much of a stink about it knowing Murdock does n't want to talk about it .
See , the # 3 source of revenue for Networks is - political advertising -... that 's a LOT of money , and if politicos do n't play nice , they do n't get on TV .
Raising a stink about something that would end the stranglehold the MSM has is n't going to happen on TV .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 3/14/2007 @ 8:31 am PT ...
Larry # 8 , one could also say that the actual , verified examples of election fraud and disenfranchisement ( as opposed to that proven non-existent " epidemic " of voter fraud that they desperately peddle ) would get far more outrage out of Republicans if it were caused by gay sex .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/14/2007 @ 8:32 am PT ...
185
185
185
185
185
This was the accepted total # of votes increased to Kerry after the Ohio recount .
In a time of the Bush warmongers and final destructive assalt as the official US response to our world environmental crisis these fcks get 18 months .
i suppose this all makes sense in corporation USA right Mr. Kerry .
Where is your official statement Senator Bonesmen ?
Thank you JUDGE !
You and the guilty all wear someone else 's blood on your hands , in your mouth , in your hair .
Burry this corporate criminal mass media and Democrat Party just like you did the story at the time .
Useless lyers !
Ohio Free Press and Green Party Presidential candidate David Cobb were documenting the faux recount / rigging at the time with basically no help .
There efforts should be looked at very closely since Blackwell and Ohio closed loopholes from election protection people even being able to have the few tools they used to fight in the 2004 federal election .
185 years is a fair sentence and a useful deterent .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Alex Martin said on 3/14/2007 @ 8:46 am PT ...
Thank you for all the news you have so diligently reported about the election farce of 2004 .
Your conjecture about there being more to this story in that more people were involved in the vote fraud is probably correct .
To link it to the Iraq war is too much of a stretch .
At the same time I agree that most likely things would be different with a Kerry administration , I ’m not sure the Dems would have us out of Iraq by now .
Considering all the obvious mishandlings and lies that have been done associated with this conflict , it is amazing to me how politically inept the Dems have been in trying to get even non-binding resolutions enacted against the war .
The Dems are so afraid that looking peaceful is viewed as looking weak .
I guess they forgot how strong the civil rights people had to be to take the abuse from the segregationalists .
Personally I do n’t think that the entire Dem party is interested in leaving Iraq ( remember there are Military industrial complex jobs in every district ) .
Peace is n’t a partisan issue because it does n’t seem that either party is really interested in it .
The Right Fielder
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... ChrisHooten@work said on 3/14/2007 @ 9:01 am PT ...
Are they ever going to count the damn votes by hand ?
And I mean THOSE Cayahoga ballots .
After these convictions , surely they will go back and count all the votes ...
Or not ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 3/14/2007 @ 9:05 am PT ...
Was this story on ANBCBSNNX ?
The " corporate " mainstream media ???
The # 1 headline on ANBCBSNNX should be : " BUSH MAY NOT HAVE WON 2004 ELECTION " ... and a counter - headline should be : " WE'RE SORRY FOR REPORTING THAT THE OHIO RECOUNT WAS ACCURATE , DESPITE AVAILABLE FACTS STATING OTHERWISE "
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... texaslady said on 3/14/2007 @ 9:08 am PT ...
I can't help but wonder how many states had crooked election officials .
When so many people wanted Bush out and verbalized this , yet the state swung right .
Makes you wonder .
And Brad , maybe I am the only one , but I liked your green my eyes had no problem and they are old eyes .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/14/2007 @ 9:32 am PT ...
Diane & GTash - Would be happy to testify in Congress or on TV or anywhere else concerning the myth of " voter fraud " , feel free to let anybody you like know that .
ChrisHooten - Good question re : counting Cuyahoga .
Let me see what I can learn .
TexasLady - Just so you know , the same Green / Yellow color scheme is available .
Just choose " BRAD BLOG Classic " from the color scheme options in the top right sidebar box !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/14/2007 @ 10:06 am PT ...
4 states were knowing stolen in the PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2004 .
NM , NV , OH , and FL ( again ) .
I AM ANGERED BY MANY ASPECTS OF THIS THEFT and New Mexico would have been the easiest to evidence but to concentrate on OHIO because this is the state Kerry conceded the next day and gave Bush the immediate unexamined victory .
It was also the ONLY state debated by the 109th Congress who accepted the rigged electors from that state .
Nothing shocking about the corporate criminal robots and Bush yes - men who made up the majority in that Congress but where is the OUTRAGE FROM AMERICANS ???
How bout the fact that you can corrupt someone to help steal an election of the US Presidency no less and receive a jail sentence penalty of year and 1 /2 in prison ?
Like a previous post said , there are people in US jails serving time for self - medicating themselves with an illegal drug .
How fcked up is that BUSH AMERICA ?
THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN BRAD AND BRAD BLOGGER PATRIOTS FOR GETTING THE TRUTH OUT IN THIS COUNTRY BLATENTLY RUN BY GREEDY FASCIST IMPERIALISTS !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... rayrayjones said on 3/14/2007 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
d Kos censors election fraud too ?
thank goodness i no longer visit that site otherwise i'd think Bush 's victory in 04 was as legitimate as his 2000 election .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Bevohio said on 3/14/2007 @ 2:48 pm PT ...
I think each felon should be separately forced to hand count all the ballots as many times as it takes until they get the exact same numbers for each precinct .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 3/14/2007 @ 6:11 pm PT ...
Anyone notice , that now we have TWO GOP election thieves , Chuck Hagel and now John Sununu , speaking out against Bush ?
Chuck Hagel from ES&S vote thievery and John Sununu from the New England phone jammer area , who was one of the famous 7 - or - so GOP Senate " upset / bottom of the 9th inning victory " winners in the 2002 elections ?
What 's going on here ?
Ever look at these 2002 senate stats ?
Coleman of Minnesota won by 3 % , a swing of 8 - 11 % from the polls in favor of Coleman .
Chambliss had a 9 - 12 % poll shift in his favor , when Cleland was predicted to win .
The grandaddy of them all : GOP Senate candidate Perdue had a 16 ( sixteen ) point swing in his favor from the polls to " the count " , was supposed to lose to Barnes .
The polls said Barnes had a 9 % lead and he lost by 7 % !!!!!!!!!!
SIXTEEN POINT SWING !!!!!!!!!!
Democratic congressman Rod Blagojevich has led Attorney General Jim Ryan handily in every poll except one ... but lost by 7 % .
A 7 % swing for the Republican .
Comments :
- All the post polling swings in favour of the democratic party were within the margin of error .
- Several of the post polling swings in favour of the republican party were well outside the margin of error .
- In the states where the senate races were critical and close the swing was predominantly towards the Republicans , with the exceptions of Arkansas and Missouri .
The level of post - poll swing in these races in favour of the Republican Party in each race were : North Carolina 3 , Colorado 4 , Georgia 9 - 12 , Minnesota 8 - 11 , Texas 3 - 11 , New Hampshire 1 .
- The state where the biggest upset occurred , Georgia , is also the state that ran its election with the most electronic voting machines .
http://www.electiondefen...org/book/export/html/149
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0211/S00078.htm
http://www.electiondefen...org/book/export/html/149
My point ?
Now that it 's proven the 2004 recount was rigged , just take another look at the 2002 midterm stats ...
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... FascistUSA said on 3/14/2007 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
America is a FASCIST COUNTRY ruled by the Power Elite ( The Rich ) and AIPAC / ISRAEL .
Our Mainstream " News " is PROPAGANDA .
LIES .
Our elections are RIGGED .
Our Government is in ENDLESS WAR .
WAKE THE HELL UP !!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Sean said on 3/14/2007 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
18 months !?
As non-violent offenders they will do time in Camp CupCake , then one takes into account one day off for each day of good behavior while in the pokie .
Factor in early release and volia !
6 months at the most , is all the these people will spend in jail .
I say 30 years as " enemy combantants " in GITMO should be the sentence .
As a lesson to them and a deterant to others .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... charles belenchia said on 3/14/2007 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
In view of this OHIO decision , , what do you think would be appropriate for CATHERINE HARRIS and her little band of secrets , , think she may be a time B --- , , , what do you think of CHIEF JUSTICE RENQUIST being juiced out of his mind when he entered into this equation with a bit too much of pain killers , , , wish we could have something to curb the pain of the BUSH ADMIN . , , Diebold should be investigated for their role in voter fraud , , do not you think , , , Seems as if some sculdugery went on in NEW MEXICO , , ,OHIO and several other RED , , VERY red faced states .
Happy now you doe doos for insisting on this band of incompetents to control our nation , , , , Even happier may be the ROUND THE BEND EVANGELICALS who really thought they were getting into bed with JESUS ( politically speaking )
All you ??? bush ??? supporters are you a bit outraged about the two border agents being in prison for nothing except doing their jobs , , , makes you a bit angry or a bigger bit em - bare - assed --- wise up or prepare for the RAPTURE , , , , Is there a charge for this service or is it available by subscription ??
In the future all you lemmings who follow a party line , , it may be a chow line in prison ............................................................................. BLUE FACED AND VERY HAPPY IN A VERY BLUE STATE OF MICHIGAN , , I remain in your service ............................... Charles Belenchia
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/15/2007 @ 1:15 am PT ...
DES : Did n't you mean ?
" would get far more fake outrage out of Republicans if it were caused by gay sex . "
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 3/15/2007 @ 9:47 am PT ...
How convenient .
You left out the part where the prosecutor said it did not affect the outcome .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/17/2007 @ 5:43 pm PT ...
Oh , well that 's good enough for me .
NOT !
We do n't know if it was part of a larger conspiracy or not .
As the prosecutor has nothing to do with the running of elections , I do n't care about their opinion on whether the election outcome was affected or not .
When there are this many red flags , you have to go back and hand count all of the ballots , or you run the risk of NEVER knowing what the true outcome was .
Either VERIFY the results , or NULLIFY them .
I think we all know what will happen if we count all those votes ...
Trust is something that is earned , not something just to be handed out like candy .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... neocrat said on 3/21/2007 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
I 'm confused ... the AP article you link to seems to contradict your comment that there were " enough votes in Cuyahoga County ( Cleveland ) alone to give the race to Kerry " --- it says :
Baxter did not claim the workers ' actions affected the outcome of the election - Democratic Sen. John Kerry gained 17 votes and President Bush lost six in the county 's recount .
Also , CNN shows that Kerry did win Cuyahoga County .
What am I missing ?
If these charges prove that the Ohio election was wrongly given to Bush , I 'm not seeing it .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Scott Bushey said on 4/6/2007 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
Old Smalltalk Pics From PARC 29 December , 2007
Special Thanks to Craig Latta who recently brought back these pictures of 1979 Smalltalk \Alto from PARC .
What fun it is to see these pictures .
The originals in terrific high resolution can be downloaded from here .
I took the new / used CI Black Beauty and Emily was on her CI ...
" I will give you the skinny on him but you can't say you got any info from Best Buy or we can be sued .
Just do n't hire him and say you went with a better candidate .
BERLIN ( AP )  Germany 's interior minister called the Church of Scientology " an unconstitutional organization " and said the nation 's domestic intelligence agency would move to ban the group , a report said Sunday .
Federal Interior Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble 's remarks came shortly after interior ministers from Germany 's 16 states agreed unanimously Friday to move toward banning Scientology , which has been under observation for a decade on allegations that it " threatens the peaceful democratic order " of the country .
" Scientology is an unconstitutional organization , " Schaeuble was quoted as saying by the Bild am Sonntag weekly , which featured a picture of prominent Scientology member Tom Cruise on the front page with a headline asking : " How dangerous is the Cruise cult ? "
Schaeuble was quoted as saying the organization restricts " essential basic and human rights like the dignity of man or the right to equal treatment . "
Schaeuble said Scientology rejects Germany 's democratic system and that therefore , " the federal and state intelligence agencies will collect their current findings to check further steps . "
Sabine Weber , president of the Church of Scientology in Berlin , called Schaeuble 's remarks " unrealistic " and " absurd . "
She said the interior minister had based his evaluation of the organization " on a few sentences out of 500,000 pages of Scientological literature . "
She did not give any specific examples .
" I can also find hundreds of quotes in the Bible that are totalitarian but that does n't mean I will demand the ban of Christianity , " she said .
" From my point of view , it is not Scientology which violates the constitution but the interior ministers themselves because by trying to ban our organization , they are violating our constitutional rights , " Weber said .
The Scientologists have long battled to end the surveillance , saying it is an abuse of their right to freedom of religion .
They point to several lower court rulings in favor of their right to practice in Germany as a religious organization .
The U.S. State Department regularly criticizes Germany in its annual Human Rights Report for the practice .
The state interior ministers gave no specific examples for their decision Friday , but the most recent annual report on extremism compiled by their agencies criticized the Church of Scientology of disregarding human rights .
" From a number of sources , some of them not available to the public , it has been determined that ( the organization ) seeks to limit or rescind basic and human rights , such as the right to develop one 's personality and the right to be treated equally , " the report said .
The German magazine Spiegel reported Saturday that a Scientology ban in Germany seemed unlikely , citing unnamed domestic intelligence sources who said they see little prospect to gather enough evidence to push through a ban .
" I doubt that one will find enough proof to be able to ban Scientology , " Sebastian Edathy , head of the interior committee of the German parliament , told daily Tagesspiegel on Saturday .
Earlier this year , the German government initially refused to allow producers of a Nazi-era movie starring Cruise to film in Berlin .
It later allowed the production to go ahead .
The Los Angeles - based Church of Scientology was founded in 1954 by the late science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard .
It first set up in Germany in 1970 , and officials estimate it has some 6,000 members in the country .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Miguel Villagran , AP
The Church of Scientology 's German branch in January moved into its current headquarters , a six - floor building on a busy street in the central Charlottenburg district of west Berlin .
The organization said it would it will use the renovated , 43,000 square - foot space for study , meetings and to carry out programs on human rights and against youth violence and drug abuse .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
# 803557 +( 1582 ) - [ X ] < svarog >
You know , the only good thing about Vista
< svarog >
Is that even the viruses have compatibility issues .
QR Code Link to This Post
We all stood there , arguing over what to do with the dope I wanted to throw out , when suddenly , my neighbor tried to rip in out of my hands .
Now , I 've got a serious problem .
The bag ripped and the white powder went EVERYWHERE .
I mean , it 's all over the lawn , the driveway , up and down the street .
There 's just a bunch of dope out there lying on the street .
I 'm terrified that the cops will come at any minute .
I mean , this stuff is thick , we 're talking several inches just covering everything on the whole street .
So , Free dope , come one come all , bring your straws , your needles whatever , but PLEASE bring a shovel , you can have all of the powder from my driveway , my sidewalks , and even the grass if you promise to be gentle , but bring a TRUCK .
There 's a lot of this and I do n't want any left behind .
First come , first served .
Also , my neighbors have offered to let you have the powder on their property as well .
Near Southwest Plaza , email for directions .
Hurry , an offer like this wo n't last long .
( And I 'm worried the cops are coming , so come QUICK ) .
Mrs Cole said she panicked on the motorway
Mrs Cole on conviction
Stephanie Cole , 58 , of Fishponds , Bristol , repeatedly braked as she straddled the hard shoulder of the M32 .
When police caught her there was a sign on her car which read : " I do n't do fast .
If I 'm too slow for you DON 'T hoot just overtake ! "
Mrs Cole , who admitted driving without reasonable consideration , was also ordered to take another driving test .
Magistrates said they took into consideration the fact that Mrs Cole has multiple sclerosis .
When officers stopped Mrs Cole , she told them she had " no confidence " on the motorway .
Mrs Cole has been undergoing treatment for " fear of driving "
She had been travelling from her home to a Staples stationery store when she was arrested by police on 30 August .
" I really did n't want to go on the motorway , but I desperately had to go to Staples for an ink cartridge , " she said .
" I do n't know any other way to get to it so I went that way , " she added .
" I think it was one of those things you do by mistake and that 's exactly it was , I was on there by mistake .
" It just felt awful .
I did n't know what to do .
I panicked and turned to jelly inside and I did n't know what to do . "
North Avon Magistrates '
Court had previously heard that Mrs Cole 's GP had been treating her for " fear of driving " for the past three - and - a - half years .
Andrew Howard , from motoring organisation the AA , said there had been calls for a minimum as well as maximum speed limit but enforcement of this could be tricky .
" It 's something that 's often talked about but really is hard to do on a practicality basis .
" We know that there are lots of times when the weight of traffic , for example on a motorway , means that you can get nowhere near the proper speed limit , you may even have to stop , and obviously if there was a minimum speed limit there would be a lot of confusion when that happens . "
The poll suggests the public are more ready than politicians
Seventy per cent of people said they were prepared to change their lifestyle - even in the US and China , the world 's two biggest emitters of carbon dioxide .
Opinion was split over tax rises on oil and coal - 44 % against , 50 % in favour .
Support would rise if the cash was used to boost efficiency and find new energy sources , the poll suggested .
Americans talk about how to address climate change
In pictures
Overall , 83 % of respondents throughout the world agreed that individuals would definitely or probably have to make lifestyle changes to reduce the amount of climate - changing gases they produce .
Some 70 % said they were ready to make personal sacrifices .
In almost all countries in Europe , and in the US , most people said they believed the cost of fuels that contribute most to climate change would have to increase .
The only exceptions were Italy and Russia , where significant numbers of people believed that increases in the price of energy would not be needed .
The pollsters suggested that high energy costs in both countries could have put people off the idea of increasing prices even further .
Attitudes to rising energy costs in Asia and Africa were more varied .
Large majorities in China said higher energy costs were necessary - although the BBC's Dan Griffiths , in Beijing , pointed out that people interviewed over the telephone were unlikely to contradict official policy .
In South Korea and India , the majorities in favour of higher prices were much smaller .
And in Nigeria , 52 % of the respondents said they did not think higher fuel costs would be necessary to combat global warming .
Green China ?
Opinions were divided on proposals to increase taxes on fossil fuels .
READ THE FINDINGS
BBC World Service poll results in full [ 1.40 MB ]
Most computers will open these documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
Worldwide , 50 % are in favour and 44 % are opposed .
The Chinese are the most enthusiastic when it comes to energy taxes - 85 % of those polled saying they were in favour , 24 percentage points more than in the next most - supportive countries .
In the rest of the world , narrow majorities - and sometimes minorities - favoured higher energy taxes .
However , when people opposed to energy taxes were asked whether their opinion would change if the revenue from the taxes were used to increase energy efficiency or develop cleaner fuel , large majorities in every country were in favour of higher taxes .
And when those opposed to higher taxes were asked whether they would change their minds if other taxes were reduced in order to keep their total tax burden the same , the survey again discovered large majorities in every country in favoured of higher green taxes .
" This poll clearly shows that people are much more ready to endure their share of the burden than most politicians grant , " said Doug Miller , director of Globescan , the polling company that conducted the survey on behalf of the BBC .
Globescan interviewed 22,182 people in the UK , Australia , Brazil , Canada , Chile , China , Egypt , France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Italy , Kenya , Mexico , Nigeria , the Philippines , Russia , South Korea , Spain , Turkey , and the United States .
Interviews were conducted face - to - face or by telephone between 29 May 29 and 26 July 2007 .
Puzzles For the Brain To Gnaw On
Welcome to Brain Food !
Give your mind a work out on our devious collection of puzzles .
There are hundreds , ranging from word games to logic problems to riddles .
Some are tricky .
Some require innovation .
All require thinking power .
Good luck .
Yesterday , I found a new Google.com XSS vulnerability that can be abused to steal information from Gmail accounts , I ’ve done responsible disclosure of at least 3 vulns to Google , but since I have n’t got enough ‘ motivation ’ , I ’ll go full disclosure now .
The vulnerability exists in Blogspot polls feature , I had already disclosed a vulnerability on this system .
The ‘ font ’ parameter was not being sanitized before being used inside an STYLE tag , so you could inject IE ’s expression ( ) and Mozilla ’s - moz - binding .
They fixed it , however they did n’t check enough the rest of the code , the new XSS is :
Simple XSS POC
Since its Sunday and there is nothing else to do , I ’ve created 2 more pocs , one of them , shows a your contacts , the second one will make Gmail forward all new received emails to another email account , no user interaction required , well you just need to open a website while still logged to Gmail .
POC1 : http://beford.org/stuff/contacts.htm
POC2 : http://beford.org/stuff/gmail.htm
I have tested them under IE , Konqueror , Opera and Firefox , it should work on all of them .
If you want to be protected against this kind of attacks , I ’d highly recommend Firefox NoScript .
Update : Google fixed this issue , I ’d like to ask the people that looked at the second poc to disable forwarding if you have not done so , I ’m still getting ton of email .
This screenshot shows how to disable forwarding .
Identity theft is quite common in todays world with accounts and credit card being stolen easily .
Once you provide an untrusted website with your credit card information they can reuse that information for their personal use .
Innovative Card Technologies and eMue Technologies have created jointly created the Credit Card Embedded Authentication Device .
It is a next - generation credit card that incorporates a 12 - button keyboard , a microprocessor and an embedded alphanumeric display promises to provide unprecedented security in phone and online banking transactions .
A user can enter his or her secret PIN into the card ’s keypad to receive a numeric passcode for one - time use .
To authorize a banking transaction , the passcode is entered into an interface and instantly validated by an authentication server .
Cher and Daughter Chastity Bono to do Reality Show
In the picture above , Cher is being shielded by her bodyguard .
Crap , I mean daughter .
If you are one of the many millions of reality show lovers , you are in for a treat .
( 61 ) and her daughter , whose father is the lateare joining the reality show nightmare and hoping to be just like Ozzy and Sharon .
The show will revolve around Cher and Chastity helping men and women who are in conflict with telling their family that they are gay .
In other words , the two will be " Celebrity Counselors . "
Chastity came out to her mother when she was a teenager and was forced into therapy to try and make those thoughts go away .
Can you hear it now ?
The show will begin with Cher 's hit song If I Could Turn Back Time softly playing in the background .
The laughter is now setting in .
Would you want Cher around when your son is telling you that he is gay ?
Probably not , but it should have been a clue when your child 's favorite toy was his Cher doll .
Remember Jack from Will and Grace ?
I rest my case .
Chastity Bono is undergoing a sex change - see details here .
From the SA 's office : Just before his scheduled rape trial was scheduled to begin today , Baltimore Police Officer William Darrell Welch , 41 , of Quiet Stream Court , Timonium , Maryland , pled guilty to misconduct in office .
Judge John C. Themelis sentenced Welch to a suspended 10 - year prison term , three years ' probation and ordered him to tender his resignation to the Police Department by January 14 , 2008 .
On July 16 , 2006 Welch had sexual intercourse in the Southeastern District Station with a 16 - year old girl after she had been taken into custody by another officer .
Assistant State ’s Attorneys Temmi Rollock and Jennifer Williams of the Sex Offense Division prosecuted this case .
UPDATE : More from Melissa Harris
Google Video , the web - based service that provided almost the same functions as the popular YouTube , is not an online video sharing solution anymore .
The parent company Google upgraded the product and made it a search technology that allows users to find clips on the entire Internet .
At this time , the official page of the service is exactly the same as before , but the searching abilities are 100 percent changed .
For example , if you try searching for a certain video , Google Video returns you a list of clips from the entire Internet , allowing you to choose a result , just like any other Google search technology .
If you click on a result , the product shows you an interface similar to the one offered by Image Search but based on frames .
Also , you 're able to view the original website that hosts the clip while you can browse the results with two back and forward arrows .
In addition , the service provides you two more functions : related videos and email this page , helping you browse a bigger collection of clips with ease .
The evolution of Google Video is very interesting because it was first regarded as a competitor for the popular YouTube and now it is converted to a search engine .
As you might know , just after the YouTube acquisition , the Internet users asked the search giant what happens with Google Video since the two services are very similar and are offering almost the same functions .
The answer was , at that time , very relevant : both Google Video and YouTube will continue to exist but with one major difference : while YouTube will try to increase its amazing community , Google Video will represent a huge collection of online videos .
A few weeks ago , Google Video included results from third - party websites , such as Metacafe and embedded those videos straight into its SERP .
Because the procedure was n't too fair , the parent company modified it and allowed the access to the original website hosting the videos while Google Video showed several thumbnails from the clips .
THE New York Times is trashing our troops again .
With no new “ atrocities ” to report from Iraq for many a month , the limping Gray Lady turned to the home front .
Front and center , above the fold , on the front page of Sunday ’s Times , the week ’s feature story sought to convince Americans that combat experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan are turning troops into murderers when they come home .
Heart - wringing tales of madness and murder not only made the front page , but filled two entire centerfold pages and spilled onto a fourth .
The Times did get one basic fact right : Returning vets committed or are charged with 121 murders in the United States since our current wars began .
Had the Times ’ “ journalists ” and editors bothered to put those figures in context – which they carefully avoided doing – they would ’ve found that the murder rate that leaves them so aghast means that our vets are five times less likely to commit a murder than their demographic peers .
The Times ’ public editor , Clark Hoyt , should crunch the numbers .
I ’m even willing to spot the Times a few percentage points ( either way ) .
But the hard statistics from the Justice Department tell a far different tale from the Times ’ anti-military propaganda .
A very conservative estimate of how many different service members have passed through Iraq , Afghanistan and Kuwait since 2003 is 350,000 ( and no , that ’s not double - counting those with repeated tours of duty ) .
Now consider the Justice Department ’s numbers for murders committed by all Americans aged 18 to 34 – the key group for our men and women in uniform .
To match the homicide rate of their peers , our troops would ’ve had to come home and commit about 150 murders a year , for a total of 700 to 750 murders between 2003 and the end of 2007 .
In other words , the Times unwittingly makes the case that military service reduces the likelihood of a young man or woman committing a murder by 80 percent .
Yes , the young Americans who join our military are ( by self - selection ) superior by far to the average stay - at - home .
Still , these numbers are pretty impressive , when you consider that we ’re speaking of men and women trained in the tools of war , who ’ve endured the acute stresses of fighting insurgencies and who are physically robust ( rather unlike the stick - limbed weanies the Times prefers ) .
All in all , the Times ’ own data proves my long - time contention that we have the best behaved and most ethical military in history .
Now , since the folks at the Times are terribly busy and awfully important , let ’s make it easy for them to do the research themselves ( you can do it , too – in five minutes ) .
Just Google “ USA Murder Statistics . ”
The top site to appear will be the Department of Justice ’s Bureau of Justice Statistics .
Click on it , then go to “ Demographic Trends . ”
Click on “ Age . ”
For hard numbers on the key demographics , click on the colored graphs .
Run the numbers yourself , based upon the demographic percentages of murders per every 100,000 people .
Then look at the actual murder counts .
Know what else you ’ll learn ?
In 2005 alone , 8,718 young Americans from the same age group were murdered in this country .
That ’s well over twice as many as the number of troops killed in all our foreign missions since 2001 .
Maybe military service not only prevents you from committing crimes , but also keeps you alive ?
Want more numbers ?
In the District of Columbia , our nation ’s capital , the murder rate for the 18 - 34 group was about 14 times higher than the rate of murders allegedly committed by returning vets .
And that actually understates the District ’s problem , since many DC - related murders spill across into Prince George ’s County ( another Democratic Party stronghold ) .
In DC , an 18 - 34 population half the size of the total number of troops who ’ve served in our wars overseas committed the lion ’s share of 992 murders between 2003 and 2007 – the years mourned by the Times as proving that our veterans are psychotic killers .
Are n’t editors supposed to ask tough questions on feature stories ?
Are the Times ’ editors so determined to undermine the public ’s support for our troops that they ’ll violate the most - basic rules of journalism , such as putting numbers in context ?
Answer that one for yourself .
Of course , all of this is part of the disgraceful left - wing campaign to pretend sympathy with soldiers – the Times column gushes crocodile tears – while portraying our troops as clichéd maniacs from the Oliver Stone fantasies that got lefties so self - righteously excited 20 years ago ( See ?
We were right to dodge thedraft . . . ) .
And it ’s not going to stop .
Given the stakes in an election year , the duplicity will only intensify .
For an upcoming treat , we ’ll get the film “ Stop - Loss , ” starring , as always , young punks who never served in uniform as soldiers .
This left - wing diatribe argues that truly courageous troops would refuse to return to Iraq – at a time when soldiers and Marines continue to re-enlist at record rates , expecting to plunge back into the fight .
Those on the left will never accept that the finest young Americans are those who risk their lives defending freedom .
Sen .
John Kerry summed up the views of the left perfectly when he disparaged our troops as too stupid to do anything but sling hamburgers .
And The New York Times will never forgive our men and women in uniform for their infuriating successes in Iraq .
Ralph Peters ’ latest book is “ Wars of Blood and Faith . ”
If you ever decide to have laser eye surgery , Focus Clinic is the place to have it !
First of all , I am not paid to write this review .
I only decided to pen down my experience having seen some less ...
Electrodes were planted in the part of the brain which controls speech
Electrodes have been implanted in the brain of Eric Ramsay , who has been " locked in " - conscious but paralysed - since a car crash eight years ago .
These have been recording pulses in areas of the brain involved in speech .
Now , New Scientist magazine reports , they are to use the signals he generates to drive speech software .
Although the data is still being analysed , researchers at Boston University believe they can correctly identify the sound Mr Ramsay 's brain is imagining some 80 % of the time .
CAUSES OF LOCKED -IN SYNDROME : Brain injury Drug overdoses Stroke Disease which damages nerve cells
In the next few weeks , a computer will start the task of translating his thoughts into sounds .
" We hope it will be a breakthrough , " says Joe Wright of Neural Signals , which has helped develop the technology .
" Conversation is what we 're hoping for , but we 're pretty far from that . "
Reading minds
Experts in the field of neuroscience agreed it was an exciting advance .
We are lot further away from a universal mind reading machine than some people hoped - or feared - we may be five years ago
John Dylan Haynes
Max Planck Institute
" It has n't come completely out of the blue , " said Professor Geraint Rees , a neuroscientist at University College London .
" We have been moving towards decoding primitive vocabulary for a while now .
But this is certainly an interesting development , although invasive techniques , where something is out in someone 's brain , such as these will of course carry risks . "
Reading people 's minds remains a far - off prospect , however .
" There is a huge difference between a technique like this , which is able to pick up signals the subject wants to be picked up , and being able to delve deep into the mind , " says Professor John Dylan Haynes of the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences .
" It 's very exciting that we are starting to be able to translate some basic thoughts , but we are a lot further away from a universal mind reading machine than some people hoped - or feared - we may be five years ago . "
Reason number 149 I wo n't move to Texas : Time Warner confirmed it 'll be testing a new pricing plan in Beaumont that 's based on how much bandwidth you eat up .
That 's right , hard caps .
Totally made - up example , since they have n't released details on the package tiers :
Pay $ 50 a month for 500 gigs , and if you consume more , get slapped with probably obscene overage fees .
Advertisement
Supposedly , consumption - based billing is aimed at all you assholes downloading movies from BitTorrent — " heavy users of large downloads , " the purported 5 percent that swallows " up to 50 percent of network capacity " in order to improve network performance .
But this is , at least partially , BS .
Everybody is using more bandwidth than ever , and that is going to continue ramping up with services like Netflix and iTunes that keep pushing these " large downloads " into the mainstream .
So , it might only hit a small percentage of users really hard right now , but soon enough it 'll be hitting everybody , which is the real point .
Advertisement
At the same time , ISPs and telcos are lobbying hard against network neutrality , largely so they can slap the content providers themselves with higher costs for equal priority on the network with the ISP 's own services .
In other words , they 're reaching into the cookie jar with both hands — from the top , and a hole they 're trying to cut into the bottom .
For now , Time Warner 's plan will only affect new users starting sometime in the next couple of months , and they actually give you tools to monitor your data diet , but if there is n't a total revolt and pillaging of their home office , expect them to roll it out nationally and other providers to follow suit .
[ AP / Wired ]
This interview , originally published by The Philadelphia Inquirer , was conducted Dec. 19 in the Washington office of the Ohio Democrat .
The office is spare , with two sagging leather chairs , a brown leather couch and a desk .
There are framed pictures of Abraham Lincoln , Franklin D. Roosevelt and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the wall over the couch , all with accompanying quotes .
King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” speech is on his poster - sized portrait .
Kucinich keeps a white cloth from the Dalai Lama in his office .
He has a bust of Gandhi and a picture representing “ conscious light ” — a gift from Brahma Kumaris nuns , as well as a Tibetan dragon washbowl .
On his desk are two heavy crucifixes once worn by Catholic nuns who taught him ; he says the nuns “ saved my life . ”
Outside his office door in the small reception area are framed letters of support from George McGovern , Robert F. Kennedy and Hubert H. Humphrey .
Chris Hedges :
Why has the Democratic Party not done what it should do ?
Rep. Dennis Kucinich : Lack of commitment to Democratic principles .
No understanding of the period of history we ’re in .
Failure to appreciate the necessity of the coequality of Congress .
Unwillingness to assert Congressional authority in key areas which makes the people ’s House paramount to protecting democracy .
The institutionalized influence of corporate America through the Democratic leadership council .
Those are just a few .
Hedges :
Have we evolved into a corporate state ?
Kucinich : I Look at it as the political equivalent of genetic engineering .
That we ’ve taken the gene of corporate America and shot it into both political parties .
So they both now are growing with that essence within .
So what does that mean ?
It means oil runs our politics .
Corrupt Wall Street interests run our politics .
Insurance companies run our politics .
Arms manufacturers run our politics .
And the public interest is being strangled .
Fulfilling the practical aspirations of people should be our mission .
How do we measure up to providing people with jobs ?
It was a Democratic president that made it possible for NAFTA to be passed , causing millions of good - paying manufacturing jobs that help support the middle class . …
NAFTA , GAT , the WTO , China Trade , and every other trade agreement that ’s passed in Congress has been passed with the help of either the leadership of or with the help of the Democratic Party , knowing that each and every one of those agreements was devoid of protections for workers , knowing that if you do n’t have workers ’ rights put into a trade agreement then workers here in the United States are going to see their own bargaining position undermined because corporations can move jobs out of the country to places where workers do n’t have any rights .
They do n’t have the right to organize , the right to collective bargaining , the right to strike .
So what I see is that the Democratic Party abandoned working people , and paradoxically they ’re the ones who hoist the flag of workers every two and four years only to engender excitement , and then to turn around and abandon their constituency .
This is now on the level of a practiced ritual .
At least a biannual ceremony , or every two years .
So you can see how pernicious this becomes when the minimum wage increase was tied to funding the war .
That , to me , says it all .
Because it is inevitably the sons and daughters of working Americans that are the ones who are led to slaughter .
Aspirations for health care .
So what I ’ve done in my campaign is to advocate a full - employment economy .
How do you do that ?
A new WPA - type program .
We ’ll rebuild America ’s bridges , water systems , sewer systems , our libraries , our universities , our mass transit systems .
And we do that with a program that I introduced legislation in repeated Congresses with the cosponsorship of a Republican from Ohio by the name of Steven LaTourette and the bill , HR 3400 , provides for rebuilding America ’s infrastructure .
And I would put millions of people back to work in good - paying jobs .
I would put millions more back to work in new energy policies where we would design , engineer , manufacture , install and maintain wind and solar microtechnologies which would be retrofitted into tens of millions of American homes and businesses , driving down our carbon footprint and dramatically reducing our cost of energy .
This would be a major development in America to take us away from a condition where America is leading the way towards the destruction of our global climate .
I call this part of it the WG : a Works Green Administration , where we turn government into an engine of sustainability , where the whole government becomes about moving towards green .
The transportation plan , mass transit , housing and development — it ’s about green housing , solar , natural lighting , using recycled material , the energy department stops incentivizing coal and oil and nuclear , and moves toward incentivizing wind and solar , bringing forward a whole generation of entrepreneurs just waiting to get into green energy solutions .
NAFTA becomes about the development of these new technologies at the alpha stage and then licensing them to the beta stage to encourage that entrepreneurial spirit .
I mean we could create millions of jobs to prime the pump of the economy — that ’s the way I think about this .
Prime the pump of the economy , get people back to work rebuilding America and creating a transition economy and making us more green in all of our policies .
Agriculture , for example : Bring back the concept of parity , work for sustainable practices in agriculture and help protect small farmers , get their products to market , get their price , get a fair price , protect them with local markets , help organic farmers .
I could go through every department , and that ’s what Works Green is about .
Addressing the practical aspirations of people , you ’re looking for jobs , how to create jobs , how to create movement in the economy that benefits people .
And our party just swings around the edges and always makes deals with the idea of protecting the status quo , which is war .
Hedges :
Because the working class has suffered so grievously , why is it that the only mass movement essentially comes from the right , let ’s say the Christian Right , in terms of grassroots level ?
Why are n’t we seeing a period like the 1930s , where there is a real kind of outrage on the part of the working class ?
Kucinich : I think it ’ll get to that but it ’s not there yet .
First of all , Eric Hoffer … understood the power of dogmatism , in terms of mobilizing people .
But one can come from a position of love and compassion in being able to mobilize people as well .
On higher principles , not along the narrow path that some on the right have chosen .
Hedges :
The corporations control the process of communication .
I mean you just got shut out of a [ Dec. 13 ] debate —
Kucinich : Yeah , right .
Hedges : — courtesy of Gannett —
Kucinich : Right , exactly .
Hedges : — and Ralph [ Nader ] talks a lot about how he believes that corporate interests were determined that his issues were n’t going to be heard .
Eighty percent of newspapers are controlled by what ?
Six or eight corporations ?
How do you — they ’ve in many ways shut down the ability , I mean they shut you down quite physically in Iowa .
Kucinich : Well , Iowa is a couple of factors that came into play .
The American people — I never looked at it as being about me — I mean the American people are entitled to the fullness of the debate .
It ’s not democratic to try and shut one point of view out .
And since it ’s very obvious to anyone watching that my point of view is profoundly different from any other point of view being offered inside the party , what they ’re actually doing is unwittingly contributing to the destruction of the Democratic Party itself by saying that “ these are the only points of view that we will deem acceptable within the Democratic Party . ”
And those points of view are generally reinforcing the corporate mentality inside the party .
And that ’s very destructive of the democracy .
It actually contributes to the undermining of the hope for legitimate debate within a democratic society .
And one of the major issues that I feel is somehow somewhat linked to what ’s going on in Iowa , is the issue of health care .
I ’m the only one in this race who ’s talked about the necessity of a single - payer , not - for - profit health - care system , Medicare for all .
Now this plan would bring health care to those 46 million Americans who do n’t have any health insurance and the tens of millions of American who are underinsured , who would no longer have to worry about their economic position being undermined by the insurance companies .
Insurance companies make money by not providing health care — we all understand that .
When you consider that half the bankruptcies in this country are linked directly to people not being able to pay their medical bills , when we consider that the bankruptcy laws were changed so that people would be locked into a sort of debtors ’ prison for a good part of their lives , you come to understand the imperative of HR 676 , the bill that I coauthored , as being the path toward economic self - sufficiency .
Many homes in this country are finding that their budgets are totally undermined by their health - care costs .
And so my solution is apart from any other candidates .
It ’s very interesting how little , despite a real effort , how little coverage the not - for - profit health - care system receives , how little coverage this proposal receives .
Hedges : Did you see Russell Baker ’s [ note in the Dec. 18 , 2003 ] New York Review of Books … he said , [ in effect , ] “ Let ’s take away health - care coverage for all the reporters in the newspapers , so then we ’ll get coverage of people who do n’t get health care . ”
Kucinich : I had n’t seen that , but it ’s probably true .
And here ’s the problem .
If you were to look at all the debates , is it just coincidental that there ’s been very little exploration of health care as an issue ?
Is it just coincidental that the only time that candidates were asked to put themselves on the line as to their position on health care was at the Ark debate in Iowa , where each and every candidate invited , promised , that they would not participate in a single - payer system .
Ark being an insurance company , by the way .
You know , think about this .
An insurance company sponsoring a debate in Des Moines , Iowa .
It ’s no surprise that later on the Des Moines Register , sitting in the middle of a five - county area , where insurance is the main crop , that they would find some lame excuse to try and limit the debate .
Hedges :
What ’s been for you the most frustrating part of your campaign , especially looking at the Democratic Party itself ?
Kucinich :
You know , I do n’t look at it as being frustrated , because I do n’t think in those terms [ loud buzzer sounds ] .
…
Um — that means there ’s a vote on . … I do n’t think in terms like that .
[ A voice announces over the loudspeaker : “ This is the House Democratic cloakroom … at 3:21 p.m .
Advise members they have 15 minutes to record the vote on suspending the rules on passing the bill HR 2761 , the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization act … thank you . ” )
OK .
So we got a few minutes before I have to go over , and then I ’ll come back .
So .
I ’ve written an autobiography of my first 21 years .
I do n’t know if you ’ve had a chance to see it yet .
It ’s called “ Courage to Survive . ”
And what it makes clear is that perseverance is my strong suit .
When I was elected to the House of Representatives I got elected on my fifth try .
And my first attempt was in ’ 72 .
And I lost in ’ 72 , and I lost in ’ 74 , and I lost in ’ 88 , and I lost in ’ 92 .
And I won in ’96 and in ’ 98 , and 2000 , and 2002 , and in 2004 , and in 2006 .
To me , what you do in life is you stand up and you fight for those things you believe in .
And you do it without a question or a pause , to take a phrase from one of my favorite songs .
And so I do n’t have any complaints .
Hedges : Do you know John Ralston Saul ?
“ The Unconscious Civilization ” ?
Kucinich : No .
Hedges :
He ’s a great philosopher .
He writes about the corporate state ; he ’s Canadian .
He talks about how the whole purpose of the corporate state is to disempower citizens .
The government , once it ’s turned over to corporations , what you then undergo essentially is a coup d’etat in slow motion .
Which appears to be what we ’re undergoing right now . …
Kucinich :
Are you familiar with what happened to me in Cleveland in 1978 ?
Hedges :
Oh , yeah .
Kucinich :
You know the story ?
I was 30 years old when I was elected mayor of Cleveland , 31 when I took office .
And Dec. 15 , 1978 , I was given an ultimatum by the chairman of the largest bank in Ohio , the 33rd largest bank in the country .
He told me that I had to sell our city ’s municipal electrical system , which serviced a third of the city , provided electricity at anywhere from 20 to 30 percent less than private utility —
I had to sell that system to the private utility , thereby giving them a monopoly , or the bank was not going to renew the city ’s credit on loans I had n’t even taken out , $ 15 million in loans , this was the lead bank .
So I was basically being told what the conditions were of my continuing as mayor .
I was the youngest person ever elected to be mayor of a big city .
And people were predicting all kinds of things for me .
I was mayor by the time that Bill Clinton was on his way to becoming governor of Arkansas , youngest governor .
So basically they told me , “ Look , you sell the system , you ’re going to get $ 50 million worth of new credit , you can do anything you want with it .
Get all these programs going .
If you do n’t , we ’re going to put the city in default . ”
The bank , it turned out , and the next bank , owned two percent of the common stock .
Which is a large percentage of common stock of utility .
Utility had its deposits in a couple of these banks , and there were firm locking directorates between the banks and the utilities .
And so I said , “ No , ” and this put the city into default .
It was an amazing thing .
It has never happened in American history .
I lost the next election , and in the middle of that there were a couple of clear assassination attempts and a few other things that happened during this period .
There is only one American political figure who came to my defense , and that was Ralph Nader .
No one else .
He was there .
Ralph was able to get a subcommittee of the banking committee to do a staff report , which was pretty damning of the banks , and there was a perfunctory hearing about it .
Hedges :
Do you share Nader ’s pessimism ?
Kucinich : I ’m not pessimistic .
Hedges :
Where is it going to come from ?
How is the state going to be wrested back ?
Kucinich :
There has to come a moment of awareness .
Something will happen to cause people to become aware of what ’s happening , of what ’s happened to the government .
This is why impeachment is so important .
Impeachment would bring up the whole train of abuses that have caused our government to become less democratic .
The lies to take us into wars , the eavesdropping , the wiretapping , the rendition , the torture , I mean it all becomes one piece .
If people see the whole thing at once , it then creates a kind of awareness that will create some change .
I have no doubt about that at all , none whatsoever .
What ’s happened is that people just see bits and pieces and it is never being tied together .
I feel we are losing our democracy to lies that took us into war , lies that caused the destruction of essential civil liberties , lies that are driving us into debt , corruption on Wall Street and a Democratic Party that has lost its will to fight these people .
Hedges :
Are we hostage to corporate dollars ?
Is n’t this the only way you can become president ?
Kucinich :
It would appear that way , although of course I have taken another path .
Are they — whoever “ they ” are — hostage to corporate dollars ?
I think that ’s fair .
Who are they ?
Well , you have to get the scorecard .
I used to go to baseball games when I was a kid .
There was a guy who would run up and down the aisles waving scorecards , saying , “ Scorecards , scorecards , ca n’t tell the players without a scorecard . ”
Each player had a number and you knew their position .
In order to know people ’s numbers here you have to go to Open Secrets and see who is contributing to them and study their votes .
Then you know what position they are playing , and more important than that , you know whose team they are on .
To me this is the kind of disclosure that is essential .
But let ’s go way over that and look at it from up here .
This is why we need to change the Constitution and provide for public financing for elections .
[ Knock on the door . ] …
I ’ll be back .
[ Leaves to cast a vote on the House floor .
Returns . ]
Kucinich :
There is no other Democrat who is advocating a not - for - profit system .
I am the only one , and I am the only one with a plan and I am the coauthor of the bill and I have been involved in this for years .
In 2000 I took this plan to the Democratic Platform Committee with a group of people from California including Gloria Allred , Tom Hayden , Lila Garret .
We offered it .
But we were asked not to even offer it by the Gore campaign because that it would be a slap in the face to the interests that were helping the campaign .
In 2004 I offered the same proposal to the platform committee and it was rejected again .
Now , if there is any issue that the Democratic Party could establish itself on , in the same way FDR established the Democratic Party with the New Deal , the Democratic Party as a party could reestablish as a party of workers and small business in a single stroke by standing firmly as a party for single - payer , not - for - profit health care .
The party refuses to do it .
There are 83 members of the House that have signed onto the bill HR 676 , but the fact that the Congress … I was the coauthor of the bill . …
Here again this is one of those areas as president my positions run contrary to the rest of the Democratic field , but also my own party .
Hedges :
What about the war ?
This is what gave the Democrats control again .
Kucinich : No question about it .
Hedges :
And yet they have failed .
That was their mandate .
Kucinich : Look at this :
In October of 2002 the Democrats counseled in a telephone conference with our leaders in which we were told that the election of 2006 was about three things : Iraq , Iraq and Iraq .
The ads attacking Republicans were replete with references to the war and the Democrats sensed from the polls indicating a shift in public opinion against the war , campaigned against the war , elected House and Senate because of the war , and yet it was n’t one month after that victory was achieved because of the war that the Democrats gathered in a conference and declared that has a party we were going to continue to fund the war .
Hedges : Why ?
Kucinich :
The ostensible reason given was to support our troops , which is so transparent a dodge that it borders on the obscene .
I walked out of that meeting and knew I had to run for president again .
I knew it .
Hedges :
When was that meeting ?
Kucinich :
The second week of December , maybe the 6th or the 8th , somewhere in there .
Hedges :
To what do you attribute this decision ?
It has to be counterproductive to Democratic interests .
Kucinich : I think there has been a serious loss of confidence in the Democratic Party over the last year .
It has been interpreted as a decline of confidence in Congress , but in truth , since the Democrats took control of Congress , it ’s a decline of confidence in the Democratic Party itself .
Hedges :
Why did they lose their nerve ?
Kucinich :
One of the things you have to remember , and this is where … I do n’t think anyone has done this research … but it is my impression that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in the Democratic primaries in 2006 more often than not opted to support candidates who were either neutral or supported the war .
You have two waves here .
You have the primary , of going for candidates who were either neutral or supported the war .
Most of them won their primaries .
And then you had the next wave , which was an anti-war wave . …
[ T ]he paradox was that a Democratic Congress was elected that was less congenial to ending the war than the Congress before it .
Most people do n’t understand that .
How that could happen ?
Now , that does n’t mean , however , that the leaders would have to follow that direction .
The leaders could say , “ Look , we are going in a new direction . ”
You have to remember what happened to the Democrats in 2002 .
It was Dick Gephardt who stood next to George Bush and gave him the OK for war .
Most people thought the Democrats OK ’d the war .
Well , in the House they did n’t .
Two - thirds of the Democrats in the House voted against the war .
I know because I led the effort .
In the Senate they could have stopped it because they controlled the Senate .
They did n’t do it .
You had Edwards and Clinton in the Senate at the time and Biden and Dodd .
Any one of them could have held up the war .
They did n’t do it .
They all went in with it .
Hedges :
Do you think it is because in a presidential election they do not want to appear weak on defense issues ?
Kucinich :
One does not want to appear weak .
That ’s true .
But one should also not want to appear unintelligent .
How intelligent was it to send our troops into a war without any proof that Iraq had anything to do with 9/11 , al - Qaeda ’s role in 9/11 , the anthrax attacks in the country … that Iraq had no intention or capability of attacking the United States ?
There was no proof that Iraq had been involved in 9/11 , had weapons of mass destruction .
Why did we do this ?
So it was thoroughly unintelligent for these leaders — who made the choice to appear tough and turned out to be unintelligent .
So now the American people are being given a choice and , really you have candidates who voted for the war when they could have stopped it , or to fund the war and reauthorize it .
All of them have voted to fund the war or reauthorize it .
The war , you get to the point , where the war in the debates actually was given four years ’ life by having candidates Obama , Clinton and Edwards all agree that the war could continue to 2013 .
Hedges : Why ?
What is the reason ?
Kucinich : I think there is a mindset that comes from a complex of an implicit understanding of the power of those interests who profit from war and of the power of war as an idea and of being unwilling to challenge the status quo .
A president has to represent the status quo , but what do you do if the status quo is corrupt ?
So they certainly know by now the war was wrong .
If the war was based on lies , you tell the truth .
You take the plan to get out .
They are not talking about that .
They are talking about a long - term occupation .
There is no question about it : Everything speaks to a long - term occupation .
If the Republicans win , we stay in Iraq .
If the Democrats win , we stay in Iraq , unless I am the one who gets nominated .
I put the plan out there to bring our troops home immediately , HR 4232 .
You have to keep in mind [ that ] if you want to know where people stand today , you have to look not at the broad brush of where the Democrats are , but at the individuals .
Sen .
Clinton took a hard - line position against Iraq , and she voted 100 percent of the time to fund the war until the last vote .
Sen .
Edwards took a hard - line position to attack Iraq .
He voted all except one time to keep funding the war .
Sen .
Obama said he opposed the war before it started .
He gave one , single speech , got elected — and his voting record is identical to Sen .
Clinton ’s in voting to support the war .
How can you expect anything different ?
Even if Sen .
Edwards says he made a mistake , if you look at the track of preparing for another war against Iran the same people — Sens. Clinton , Edwards and Obama — all said of Iran that “ all options are on the table , ” licensing George Bush ’s aggressive rhetoric and preparations against Iran .
They said that , each one of them .
Hedges : Can they use the Congressional authorization for Afghanistan and Iraq ?
Can the Bush White House interpret that in such a way that they can carry out a strike on Iran without going back to Congress ?
Kucinich : Well , Congress actually had an opportunity to pass a resolution that would have forced the administration to come back in the form of an amendment .
They rejected it .
This Congress has , unfortunately , licensed the administration ’s aggression , first by not holding them accountable for lying to Congress in the resolution that was brought before the Congress in October 2002 .
You may be familiar , Chris , with the dissection I did of that resolution , the Iraq war analysis of 2002 . …
[ Y ] ou will see , what I did was dissect the thing draft by draft , statement by statement , and this was before Congress voted .
If I can do this , why could n’t have any of the others running for president today ?
This is when it counted .
This the moment of maximum peril .
This is the moment that America was about to go and launch a war of aggression against another nation .
When I started challenging this , I was alone .
Then there were six members , then 10 and then it grew to 125 .
Hedges :
How much is the reluctance on the part of the other candidates to address the Iran issue [ as ] an Israeli issue ?
Kucinich : Sen .
Edwards spoke [ at the ] Herzliya [ conference , and ] three times in one speech he said all options are on the table .
Everyone understood what that meant .
It is a metaphor for the use of nuclear weapons .
It is unambiguous .
Sens. Obama and Clinton at various times said the same thing .
Anyone who is really supportive of Israel — and I consider myself supportive of Israel — would recoil in horror over the thought of the United States attacking Iran , because it is Israel that would end up paying the price .
Anyone with an ounce of common sense understands that , which is why we have an obligation to move towards creating peace in the region , engaging Iran in diplomacy .
I had an ongoing discussion with the Iranian ambassador [ Javad ] Zarif .
I found out that an effort was made three years ago by the previous Iranian administration , [ that of president Mohammad ] Hatami , to settle the issues that were outstanding between Iran and the United States .
It was thrown in the wastebasket by the Bush administration .
There have been numerous efforts to try and build relations , and they all came from Iran .
They were immediately , each and every one of them , rejected because the administration was determined to go on a course of action of aggression .
[ The November 2007 ] National Intelligence Estimate could have been much more severe in its judgment of the administration .
It served a purpose in slowing down the movement towards war , but it does not totally stop it by any means because this administration is absolutely devoted to war as an instrument of policy .
Hedges :
If this administration carried out a strike on Iran , would you predict that the Democratic leadership would support it ?
Kucinich : I think you have to look at the sweep of legislation in the last year and a half .
Anyone who looks at that could not conclude otherwise .
It would just be a continuation of licensing of aggression against Iran .
There is nothing that indicates they would do anything other than that because of the bills we have passed .
I was often the only one , or one of two , who consistently challenged what we are doing with respect to Iran , voting against legislation that I knew was being used to lay the groundwork for war .
It was very clear .
There were maybe 14 different resolutions that were out there , and each time I went to the floor and I rose and I spoke against them .
I said , “ What are we doing ? ”
Hedges :
What happens if we do not begin impeachment proceedings ?
Kucinich :
We have n’t proceeded with impeachment because the leadership says impeachment is off the table .
Effectively , what they have done is to nullify the one provision of the Constitution that protects the American people from the presidency turning into a monarchy .
Congress ’ co-equality depends upon impeachment .
Our democracy depends on the president and the vice - president being held accountable for the crimes they have committed against the American people .
It is about lying , weapons of mass destruction , lying about Iraq ’s so - called alleged connection to al - Qaeda and 9/11 , trying to conflate Iraq with 9/11 , trying to imply that Iraq had some ability to attack the United States or the intention to do so — in Cheney ’s case , trying to build a similar case for a war against Iran based on lies again .
But it is much more than that .
It is responsibility for the deaths and injuries of thousands of American troops and over a million innocent Iraqis , the destruction of our domestic agenda by borrowing $ 1 - 2 trillion from China for the war , the ruining of America ’s reputation , the wiretapping , the eavesdropping , the rendition , the torture , the suspension of habeas corpus —
Hedges : None of which the Democratic Party has rolled back .
Kucinich : None . Zero .
I have to tell you , one of the things I was greatly concerned about is when I read that our Democratic leaders have been thoroughly briefed on torture , on waterboarding , as the Washington Post reported a few weeks ago .
If you are silent , when you hear that , if you say nothing about it , silence becomes complicity .
Hedges :
Is this because people like Hillary Clinton want to inherit an imperial presidency ?
Kucinich : I do n’t know about that .
That becomes a consequence of not taking action .
There might be something in that the American people would be so fed up with the Bush administration that they would once again take it out on the Republicans .
But I frankly do n’t think that will happen .
I think what is more likely to happen is that people will become so disenchanted with the Democrats for not taking action that they wo n’t vote .
People will just say there is no difference .
They have not done what they said they would do .
There is a loss of confidence .
And so people will not vote .
When we show up as a party with the full power of the Constitution behind us , the people will show us , too .
They will show up .
Hedges :
How do you feel about citizens ’ movements , such as Code Pink , calling on people not to pay their taxes ?
It is built out of that frustration .
Kucinich : I understand that .
That is a civil disobedience tactic .
It also invites scrutiny by the IRS , which does n’t really care about anyone ’s politics .
They just care about getting the money they are owed .
It is a brave thing for people to do because there is a degree of risk in doing that .
Why should people have to do this ?
Hedges : Because the Democratic Party is n’t doing anything .
Kucinich : I understand .
I am asking a rhetorical question .
People are feeling they have to do something .
Hedges :
When you confront the Democratic leadership , do they hear you ?
Kucinich :
They console themselves on the myth that they do not have the votes , when all they have to do is tell the president , “ We are not going to give you any more money . ”
This is a basic civics lesson .
The bill is made , introduced , it goes into committee , it comes back out , it goes to the floor , you know , eventually it can be passed .
I will tell you how a bill is n’t made .
It is not introduced .
It does n’t get to the floor .
Since appropriations bills begin in the House , by the Constitution we can tell the president we are not going to give him any more money .
He … has to use the money he has that is available to take a new direction that will result in ending the war .
We can box the president in on this .
If he fails , if he refuses to bring the troops home , then we turn to impeachment .
It is n’t as though the president has the right to just keep the troops there .
You ca n’t blame the president .
The Congress has the right to fund the war or not to fund the war .
Every time you fund the war , you vote to authorize it all over again .
The showdown that needs to happen — and this is the way Vietnam ended — we basically told the president we would stop the funding .
You do n’t need a vote to do that .
The president would be similarly faced with having to then go to the nations of the region and say , “ We are going to leave , ” and that is the only responsible course of action we can take , and the course of action I recommend anyway .
So why should we have to force him to do that ?
Why do n’t we just go to him and say , “ Look , this is the plan :
We want the troops brought home , and we are not going to give you any more money .
We will support you if you take these steps .
If you do n’t , it will be very tough ” ?
They are refusing to confront him .
Considering the fact that the whole war is based on lies , what are we doing here ?
History may well look back at this time and ask why was American sleeping while their leaders were engaging in aggressive war ?
They are going to know there was one person who was awake .
I call it for what it is : a war crime .
Hedges :
What happens if the Democratic nomination goes to someone who will not confront these issues ?
Kucinich :
Let me tell you what happens when it goes to me .
We take steps not just to get out of Iraq , but to go to the nations of the region and put together an international security and peacekeeping force that moves in as our troops leave .
I go to Syria .
I go to Iran .
I tell them it is a new day .
I also start a process of peace in the Middle East … bringing people together to get guarantees for the security of Israel .
At the same time you work to provide for a true Palestinian homeland with full rights for the Palestinians .
The door to peace in the world goes through Jerusalem .
I would also work to change the U.S. policy with respect to arms manufacturing .
We are the arms merchants of the world .
We are fueling wars everywhere around the world .
We have got to change direction .
I would start to systematically pull back America ’s presence from its global bases around the world .
We do n’t need to do that , not in today ’s world .
That is a throwback to the 19th century or maybe even the 18th century .
It is not germane to a modern world .
The problems today are non-state actors .
I would move to make , as a matter of national security , a new energy policy that was carbon - free and nuclear - free .
I would counsel the other nations of the world that the long - term economic and security interests will be to get away from nuclear power , which is the basis at some point , for not only the enrichment of uranium but the production of plutonium .
We need to go away from that direction .
We would have a strong military that would be mobilized to protect this country , but the policies of aggressive war would end .
My doctrine would be strength through peace , the end of the neoconservative approach of unilateralism and first strike , and the beginning of the end of war as an instrument of policy , the beginning of transparency , open dialogue , direct contact , leader to leader , real diplomacy — the science of human relations , whatever you want to call it — it ’s a new day .
I will work to get rid of all nuclear weapons by enforcing the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
I will enforce the Biological Weapons Convention , the Chemical Weapons Convention , the Small Arms Treaty , the Land Mines Treaty .
And America will join the International Criminal Court .
Frankly , every official of the Bush administration who was involved in the execution of an aggressive war would be held accountable under the laws of this country .
There are provisions within our current laws .
The laws of the United States incorporate under article six of the Constitution all treaties .
Our leaders do not have the right to make a war of aggression .
They have to abide by the Geneva Convention and by international law .
I see a different security posture and a different energy and economic policy for this country .
The Patriot Act would be cancelled , the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act , the Homegrown Terrorism Act .
I would send the justice department into federal court and knock down each and every provision of law that was put up during the time of the Bush administration , either with the help of Congress or through signing statements , that compromised First Amendment rights , Fourth Amendment rights , Fifth Amendment rights , Eighth Amendment , 14th Amendment rights or any other amendment rights .
Those are the one that immediately come to mind .
Hedges :
Would you consider running as a third - party candidate ?
Kucinich : I have been trying to make the Democrats an effective second party .
This is my second effort at doing that .
I am still in the process of doing that .
My answer is that I am still in the process of trying to make the Democrats a credible second party .
Hedges : Nader felt the Democratic Party actively tried to sabotage his campaign .
What about you ?
Do you feel the Democratic establishment is in any way undermining your campaign .
Kucinich : I do n’t think about that .
I would hope they have better things to do with their time .
I ca n’t be intimidated .
I ca n’t be bought .
I ca n’t be bossed .
It would be shame for them to waste their time doing that .
It is not going to change ; it ’s not going to affect me one bit .
They should spend their energy on the war , health care , creating jobs , trying to find a way to give people a reason to vote Democratic .
I have been doing this for 40 years .
I have more experience in politics than most people on the American political scene on so many different levels .
I am sure there are some people who have been in local politics for 50 years and are just wonderful .
My experience has been at a local , state and federal level in judicial and executive offices .
I can tell you that we are at a moment in American history where we are in danger of losing our country .
That is what causes me to defend the Constitution .
It is what causes me to seek strength through peace , to propose peace for the violence in our own society , domestic violence , spousal abuse , child abuse , violence in the schools .
I do not only reject war as an instrument of policy .
I reject the inevitability of war .
I believe peace is inevitable if you are ready to work for it .
If you examine the underlying structures in our society , they have not really challenged this notion of the inevitability of violence , whether it is domestic violence , child abuse , spousal abuse , violence in the schools , gun violence , gang violence , racial violence , violence against gays , police / community clashes .
It is as if we do n’t believe that our culture be non-violent .
Violence is learned ; so is nonviolence .
I am looking at helping to create a social transformation here .
This is n’t just about winning an election .
Elections come and go .
Where is the country ?
What happens to our nation ?
What happens to the people ?
Politics cannot just be an inside game between competing corporate interests .
It amounts to the condition under which people live and survive .
I see a much higher purpose to what it is we do .
That is why I continue to participate .
Your answer will be published for anyone to see and rate .
Your answer will not be displayed immediately .
If you 'd like to get expert points and benefit from positive ratings , please create a new account or login into an existing account below .
Your name or nickname :
If you 'd like to create a new account or access your existing account , put in your password here :
Your answer :
Check spelling
What happens when a large and powerful US industry decides that it does n't like a law ?
Simple : it works to change that law .
AT&T has had notable success this year at pushing legislation for state governments to bypass local controls and give the company a statewide video franchise .
Not to be left out , cable has mounted a lobbying offensive of its own in the wake of the FCC 's attempt to regulate the industry .
The effort is now paying fruit in Washington .
Late last week , Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R - TN ) introduced HR4307 ( PDF ) , the " Consumer Freedom of Choice in Cable Act . "
It 's not clear why this name was chosen , since the bill 's main text is under fifty words long and simply repeals the 70/70 rule so loathed by cable .
Does that make you , the consumer , feel free to choose ?
The 70/70 rule came out of a 1984 cable law that largely deregulated the industry .
That law said that the FCC could exert broad authority over the cable companies should they ever pass more than 70 percent of all US households , and should more than 70 percent of those households actually subscribe to cable .
No one doubts that the first threshold has been reached , but there is substantial uncertainty about the second one .
Marsha Blackburn
Despite that , FCC Chairman Kevin Martin pushed for a recent finding from the Commission that both thresholds had been reached .
He hoped to use such a finding to gain greater control over the cable industry , probably with the goal of forcing à la carte rules on an industry not disposed to accept them .
Martin's plan backfired in late November when he could n't muster up the support of other commissioners .
His plan did stir the cable industry to action , though .
The " Statistic of the Week " on the National Cable & Telecommunications Association web site at the moment , for instance , is " 52.5 percent " — cable 's claimed penetration rate in the US .
" The Commission 's time and energy would be better spent on helping the country get ready for the digital transition or on working cooperatively with industries like ours to further the rollout of broadband to all Americans , " said the NCTA at the time , " rather than fruitlessly searching for opportunities to second - guess a communications marketplace that is characterized by competition , innovation and investment . "
" Competition " and " innovation " might not be the words most consumers would think of when they think of their cable provider , but the larger point about government regulation ( " It 's bad ! " ) apparently resonated with Rep. Blackburn .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Blackburn has also received $ 21,000 from the NCTA over her career , making the group her fifth largest contributer of all time .
Rep .
Blackburn 's bill would remove subsection ( g ) from USC 47 sec. 532 .
In other words , it would excise the 70/70 test and keep cable clear of the FCC 's clutches .
It is currently under consideration by the House Committee on Energy and Commerce .
Two charts tell the story of changes in income distribution in the U.S. in two periods since 1947 .
Between 1947 and 1979 , when the U.S. economy was based on goods and services production and consumption , income gains were evenly distributed among income groups , averaging from 7.17 % to 9.83 % annually across all groups .
As the U.S. economy became dominated by finance starting in the early 1980s , average annual income gains remained close to 7 % for the top 1 percent group , but fell to 0.24 % for the lowest fifth .
Two charts tell the story of changes in income distribution in the U.S. in two periods since 1947 .
Between 1947 and 1979 , when the U.S. economy was based on goods and services production and consumption , income gains were evenly distributed among income groups , averaging from 7.17 % to 9.83 % annually across all groups .
As the U.S. economy became dominated by finance starting in the early 1980s , average annual income gains remained close to 7 % for the top 1 percent group , but fell to 0.24 % for the lowest fifth .
After 2004 , distribution of real income gains became even more extreme : negative for 90 % of wage earners and up as much as 16 % for the top 0.6 % .
Research in 2003 by Rafael Gomez of the London School of Economics and David K. Foot of the Univiersity of Toronto is consistent with most research on the economic impact of wealth inequality : persistent inequality leads to slower economic growth .
SAN DIEGO , California ( CNN ) --
For Christmas , nearly a dozen readers sent me the same gift , an article about goings on in the Southwest : " Illegal immigrants packing up and leaving Arizona . "
Ruben Navarrette Jr. :
Here 's a policy :
If people are in the country illegally , they should be deported .
According to the article , illegal immigrants are fleeing the Grand Canyon State because of an " oppressive environment " and the fear that the undocumented wo n't be able to find work after this week , when a tough employer - sanctions law takes effect .
It 's a restrictionist dream come true .
Many of those who say they 've had a bellyful of illegal immigration claim that , if we dried up the jobs , illegal immigrants would simply " self - deport . "
I 've written that this is the stupidest idea I 've ever heard , which explains why readers could n't wait to forward an article that would seem to prove me wrong .
As someone who is paid to express opinions on a daily -- sometimes hourly -- basis , I do n't mind being wrong .
Still , I do n't think I 'm wrong about this .
No one knows for sure what 's going on in Arizona .
Every Christmas , many illegal immigrants head home to reacquaint themselves with mama 's cooking and play Santa Claus by showering relatives with gifts .
As the article acknowledges , this tradition could account for some of the exodus .
So could the slowing economy , and the fact that -- according to the article -- many people are migrating to other states .
Adios Arizona ; Hola Colorado , Nebraska , or Minnesota .
It 's wishful thinking to think that the solution to our immigration woes is to simply expect the condemned to carry out their own executions .
It 's more complicated .
On a recent trip to Phoenix , Arizona , I spoke to a couple of illegal immigrants who told me that , indeed , some of their friends were leaving the state but others were staying .
If you 're young and single , you might try your luck elsewhere , they said .
But those who have families and roots would stay put no matter what , they said .
Besides , what do they have to go home to -- earning $ 6 a day in some Mexican town , assuming there is even a job to be had there ?
Maybe some illegal immigrants are leaving Arizona for Mexico .
If so , I 'm glad to hear it .
But that 's a personal prerogative .
Let 's not mistake it for public policy .
Here 's a policy :
If people are in the country illegally , they should be deported .
I wrote that several months ago when I applauded the removal of Elvira Arrellano , an illegal immigrant who taunted U.S. authorities before being deported to Mexico .
The forcible removal of those who break immigration laws is the right of any sovereign nation , and it's a job that should n't be outsourced .
For the record , I 'm glad that Arizona is bearing down on employers .
It 's nice to see government pick on someone its own size for a change .
Besides , I can't wait to see what happens when Arizonans realize that the same folks who built all those resorts , restaurants , and houses are no longer around to maintain them .
Of course , there is always the chance that Americans -- especially those in their teens and 20s -- will step in and fill the void by leaving their air - conditioned homes , video games , and $ 3 coffees and going to work in 110 - degree weather .
But whom are we kidding ?
That 's just more wishful thinking .
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union - Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist .
You can read his column here .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
E-mail to a friend
All About Immigration • Arizona
There are amazing abandonments in America but the former Soviet Union has some of the most interesting , unique and strange abandoned buildings .
The complex political , military and social history of the country has led to everything from almost - finished buildings abandoned before actual use and entire abandoned cities to chilling gulags in which tens of millions of prisoners met their end .
Check here for some creatively adapted British military sea forts and also be sure to check out part two in this series of amazing Russian abandonments .
Also see more under : 100 + Abandoned Buildings , Places and Property .
Post - Soviet Collapse Abandoned City
Abandoned City : Promyshlennyi , Russia was abandoned with the fall of the Soviet Union , cut off from communication with and support from the government .
When utilities and electricity stopped working , people simply left to find a home and work elsewhere , leaving buildings behind and many belongings in the wreckage .
Today , the remnants of the things they owned and buildings they inhabited remain relatively untouched .
Top -Secret Abandoned Submarine Base
Abandoned Submarine Base : Balakava is a small town on the Black Sea Coast that was once the secret home to a Soviet nuclear submarine base .
People with resident family members were not even allowed to visit the town without special dispensation from the government .
Today , all of the submarines are gone but the base remains remarkably intact and can be visited by urban explorers from around the world .
Abandoned Prison Camp Complex
Abandoned Prison : Like concentration camps in Europe , the gulags are unique to Russian history .
Abandoned gulag buildings are the physical evidence of mass imprisonment , forced labor and tacitly approved extermination .
“ Roosevelt observed that capitalism is unequally divided riches while socialism is equally divided poverty .
Gulag prison life meant an equal distribution of death among the rich and poor , old and young . ”
Abandoned Unused and Unfinished Buildings
Abandoned ( Never Used ) Buildings :
In most countries , abandonments remain in the wake of long - deserted structures that once saw heavy use .
In Russia , some industrial , medical and administrative abandonments are merely the remnants of failed projects that were nearly completed but never put to use .
In a way , these tell a unique kind of history .. a history of corrupt and confused leadership , a history absent of the normal metaphorical ghosts that haunt the halls of once - used structures .
In short : a history of could - have - beens .
Abandoned Missile Silo Complex
Abandoned Missile Silo Complex : Of course , the breakup of the Soviet Union was followed by a significant nuclear disarmament leaving deserted silos scattered about the Russian countryside .
The particular complex shown in the image above is located in Latvia and contains four silos as well as a central command and technical support bunker .
Now decommissioned , some such silos are open for public tourist visitation .
Abandoned Waterfront Military Bunker
Abandoned Oceanside Fortress :
Water fortifications were deemed necessary on the east coast of the Soviet Union to protect against possible attacks from Japan .
In the southeast of Russia , Vladivostok is the largest port city on the Pacific Ocean .
The fort and miles of tunnels featured in the photographs above have since fallen in disarray , but were once a highly prized ( and extravagantly expensive ) Russian defense construction project .
Today it is a destination for Russian and other visitors complete with antiquated bombs and guided tours .
Abandoned Massive Heavy Equipment
Abandoned Heavy Equipment :
It is somewhat hard to imagine how incredibly costly and complex industrial and communications machines could ever be worth abandoning , yet in Russia one finds giant mining contraptions and satellite arrays left largely to succumb to the elements .
The giant communications dish above is the size of a soccer field yet sits essentially idle today .
More Underground , Underwater and Other Wonders of the World
7 Underground Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Underground Wonders of the World
7 Underwater Wonders of the World
7 Island Wonders of the World
7 Engineering Wonders of the World
7 Urban Wonders of the World
7 Wonders of Modern Green Design and Technology
Amazing Abandoned Cities , Places and Property of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( Even More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 Abandoned Wonders of the European Union
Last week , Creative Commons turned five years old — five years of phenomenal growth , thanks in no small part to advocates like the photo - sharing site Flickr .
Now , I do n’t want to piss on CC ’s birthday cake just for the fun of it .
But it does seem clear that an increasing number of photographers — not just professionals but high - end hobbyists also — have become disenchanted with the Creative Commons system .
Why ?
Depending on who you ask , it ’s because :
1 . It ’s taking money out of the pockets of working photographers ;
2 . It ’s putting money into the coffers of large corporations , whose executives like CC - enabled crowdsourcing even better than Third World child labor ;
3 . It ’s supposed to make sharing your work easier , but it often just makes it more confusing — creating the kind of misunderstandings that lead to lawsuits .
Since the first two complaints are related , let ’s address them together .
Creative Commons is a system that enables you to renounce some or all of your copyright protections — in the name of sharing .
This raises a question that does n’t get enough serious consideration :
Who actually benefits from this ?
Theoretically , we all do , since I can stick your Flickr photo on my blog and link back to you , and maybe this will cause more people to visit your Web site , and — who knows — maybe if you ’re a professional photographer , you ’ll get a paying gig or two out of it .
The fact is , though , that a Creative Commons license is n’t necessary for this kind of sharing to happen .
People are going to grab your photos anyway for their noncommercial use , because that ’s the common law of the Web today — where “ fair use ” is interpreted very broadly .
And if you really , really want to encourage people , you can put a note on your Web site explicitly giving people permission to use your photos , under whatever conditions you set forth .
How hard is that ?
Why do you need a CC badge to say it ?
The real issue is commercial use — and this is where we get to who really benefits , at least over the long term .
Before Creative Commons , a corporation or ad agency that wanted to use your photo would have to contact you or your photo agency for permission to use it .
You could negotiate a price based on the particular use , making sure you got a fair deal .
Through CC , hundreds of thousands — if not millions — of photographers have thrown this right away forever .
( Remember , CC says that once you choose a license for your work , it ’s irrevocable . )
Photographers are generally doing this with good intentions or for idealistic reasons .
But the end result is that you are building a system enabling commercial buyers to use your images without paying for them .
I know what you ’re thinking : “ But you can choose a noncommercial use license to protect yourself from this . ”
Sure you can , if :
1 . You are informed enough to make the correct license choice ;
2 . The publisher of your photo is informed enough to know the differences among the various licenses ; and
3 . You , the publisher and the rest of the world can all agree on what “ noncommercial use ” actually means .
Gordon
Haff offers just a few of the scenarios that can be interpreted either as commercial or noncommercial :
What if I have some AdSense advertising on my Web page or blog ?
What if I put together an entire ad - supported Web site using noncommercial photos ?
What if I ’m using those photos as “ incidental ” illustrative content in a presentation I ’m being paid to give ?
( This was my case . )
What if I print a book of these photos but only charge my cost ?
What if I cover my time at some nominal rate as well ?
And if you and the entity that publishes your photo do n’t see eye to eye — or you choose , as many CC users do , a simple attribution license ?
As Daryl Lang of Photo District
News puts it :
If you ’re not careful , you might inadvertently grant permission for your photo to appear on a giant billboard for herpes medication , or in the newsletter of some political organization you despise .
Images have commercial value that ’s very different from , for example , a piece of writing .
Their rights need to be treated with care and respect .
Because it ’s so confusing ( or , to be more generous , “ open to interpretation ” ) , Creative Commons licensing spawns false confidence and innocent mistakes — giving sue - happy lawyers much to salivate over .
Did you know that Creative Commons and Flickr can’t even seem to agree on whether CC licenses are permanent ?
That would seem to be a rather basic point .
Earlier this month , blogger Jeremy Johnstone expressed his frustrations :
I license almost all of my photos under a CC license ( attribution - noncommercial - no derivative works 2.0 specifically ) and I have been finding that virtually _no one_ follows what I believe to be the intent of that license …
I ’ve come to accept my colleagues ’ and peers ’ opinions that non-commercial simply means they can’t sell my work .
Personally , I think this should also mean you ca n’t put my photo on a page you are making money off of ( aka advertising ) either without my permission ( which in most , but not all cases I would give automatically upon being asked ) , but apparently I am fairly alone in that belief …
Some say that I should be happy that people want to use my photos and I am getting free publicity ( when they actually link back to me that is ) , but it becomes a whole different situation when you are getting flak about photos you took being used in manners not intended ( like one I took of a leader of a foreign country a while back ) .
Jeremy ’s objections are n’t the half of it .
Creative Commons can — and inevitably will — lead to more Virgin Mobile - style lawsuits .
It ’s nice to get your photo in the New York Times , until you realize you ’re not getting a dime for it .
Let ’s face it : CC is confusing to the point of being a running joke .
So photographers , feel free to congratulate Creative Commons on its fifth birthday .
Just do n’t celebrate by giving commercial users the gift that keeps on giving – a license to use your work for free , forever .
Fascinating story of insider cheating :
Some opponents became suspicious of how a certain player was playing .
He seemed to know what the opponents ’ hole cards were .
The suspicious players provided examples of these hands , which were so outrageous that virtually all serious poker players were convinced that cheating had occurred .
One of the players who ’d been cheated requested that Absolute Poker provide hand histories from the tournament ( which is standard practice for online sites ) .
In this case , Absolute Poker “ accidentally ” did not send the usual hand histories , but instead sent a file that contained all sorts of private information that the poker site would never release .
The file contained every player ’s hole cards , observations of the tables , and even the IP addresses of every person playing .
( I put “ accidentally ” in quotes because the mistake seems like too great a coincidence when you learn what followed . )
I suspect that someone at Absolute knew about the cheating and how it happened , and was acting as a whistleblower by sending these data .
If that is the case , I hope whomever “ accidentally ” sent the file gets their proper hero ’s welcome in the end .
Then the poker players went to work analyzing the data — not the hand histories themselves , but other , more subtle information contained in the file .
What these players - turned - detectives noticed was that , starting with the third hand of the tournament , there was an observer who watched every subsequent hand played by the cheater .
( For those of you who do n’t know much about online poker , anyone who wants can observe a particular table , although , of course , the observers ca n’t see any of the players ’ hole cards . )
Interestingly , the cheater folded the first two hands before this observer showed up , then did not fold a single hand before the flop for the next 20 minutes , and then folded his hand pre-flop when another player had a pair of kings as hole cards !
This sort of cheating went on throughout the tournament .
So the poker detectives turned their attention to this observer .
They traced the observer ’s IP address and account name to the same set of servers that host Absolute Poker , and also , apparently , to a particular individual named Scott Tom , who seems to be a part - owner of Absolute Poker !
If all of this is correct , it shows exactly how the cheating would have transpired : an insider at the Web site had real - time access to all of the hole cards ( it is not hard to believe that this capability would exist ) and was relaying this information to an outside accomplice .
Monday , January 14 , 2008
Ruth Kedar On Designing the Google Logo
Ruth Kedar of KedarDesigns.com designed the Google logo in the version that became famous around the world ( the original tries at designing the logo were by Google co-founder Sergey Brin , reportedly , using the Gimp software ) .
I asked Ruth how the Google logo design came about originally , and here ’s her reply .
I was teaching design at Stanford University in 1999 when I was introduced to Larry Page and Sergei Brin by a mutual friend at Stanford .
They were looking at designers to design their logo and website and I was asked to present them with some preliminary design ideas .
They liked my approach and design style and I was hired to design both .
Google wanted to create a unique logo that would clearly differentiate them from the other search players at the time ( Yahoo , Excite , HotBot , LookSmart and Lycos ) , as well as embody their unique vision .
These other players were commercial portals first , and search engines second .
Google wanted to convey that it was as a search provider first and foremost .
It offered fast , comprehensive , and above all trustworthy search results .
It was innovative , algorithmically complex yet incredibly simple to use .
Furthermore , Google as a brand should repudiate all things corporate , conventional or complacent .
Based on these guidelines there were many design iterations , and many directions were explored .
At every meeting we managed to better reconcile the vision and its visual expression leading to the final design .
In the end this particular logo was selected because it reached its goal in many levels :
It was playful and deceptively simple .
The design subtle as to look almost non-designed , the reading effortless .
The colors evoke memories of child play , but deftly stray from the color wheel strictures so as to hint to the inherent element of serendipity creeping into any search results page and the irreverance and boldness of the “ I am feeling lucky ” link .
The texture and shading of each letter is done in an unobtrusive way resulting in lifting it from the page while giving it both weight and lightness .
It is solid but there is also an ethereal quality to it .
Times - Roman was the font of choice for the web at that time , while sans - serif fonts were the darling of the printed world .
I wanted the readability of a serifed font , but looked for a typeface that had the same qualities we were looking for – subtly sophisticated , but with some humor and irreverence .
The chosen typeface is a based on Catull , an old style serif typeface .
Catull borrows elements from traditional writing instruments such as the quill and the chisel with a modern twist .
Search , by nature , is an activity that requires we look into the past .
Therefore Catull ’s historical ties seemed appropriate , as did the bridging between the old analog world and the new emerging digital era .
Visually , there were two main schools of thought at the time : those wanting to emulate the conventional non-web giants such as Sun and SGI ( bold all - caps sans - serifed fonts ) , and those who viewed the irreverence of Yahoo ’s non-designed approach as “ the look " for the new medium .
This design managed to break with the existing conventions landing Google with the unique visual expression it was looking for .
Google today is a much more complex entity – it has evolved and grown beyond our wildest imagination – who knew that it would become one of the most ubiquitous and recognized brands worldwide and that google would be a noun and a verb ?
It gives me great pleasure that the design has transcended both its time and original needs , being as relevant today as it was then .
Furthermore , it has become the canvas upon which Dennis Hwang ’s Google Doodles can flourish . :)
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Hurricanes and tornadoes have seasons , but do earthquakes ?
They do in the Himalayas , and it 's during the winter .
For years , seismologists had observed that far more earthquakes shook the massive Asian mountain range in the winter months than in the summer , but they could n't pinpoint the cause of this seasonal change .
A new study of GPS and satellite data presented last month at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union has connected the increase in earthquake activity to the monsoon season that drenches the region each summer .
When it rains , it shakes
The Himalayas are a highly quake - prone region because of the stresses building up between the Indian and Eurasian plates as India continues to drive into Asia .
Philippe Avouac of Caltech and his colleagues analyzed a catalog of 10,000 Himalayan quakes and found there were twice as many during the winter months ( December to February ) as during the summer .
For example , for magnitude - 3 quakes , there were up to 150 per month in the winter , but only 75 in the summer .
( Quakes this small are often not even felt . )
For magnitude - 4 temblors ( sometimes felt ) , the winter average was 16 per month , while the summer rate fell to eight per month .
The numbers for larger , more damaging earthquakes would follow a similar pattern , Avouac said .
Satellite measurements of water levels in the rivers of the Ganges basin showed a strong seasonal change — a 4 - meter rise began at the onset of the monsoon season in mid-May , reaching a maximum in September , followed by a slow decrease until the next monsoon began .
As the monsoon rains swell the rivers of the Ganges basin , they increase the pressure bearing down on the region .
As the rains stop and the river water soaks through the ground , the built - up load eases outward toward the front of the Himalayan range .
This outward redistribution of stress leads to horizontal compression in the mountain range later in the year that triggers the wintertime temblors .
Unique mechanism
GPS instruments installed across the Himalayan front in 1994 yielded measurements of horizontal displacements that showed that the motion of the range was continuous along the front , but reached a maximum speed just before the earthquakes started to multiply .
While changes in water levels elsewhere ( usually by tides ) have been proposed to trigger earthquakes , Avouac says the Himalayan mechanism seems to be unique .
" Seasonal variation has been reported in other places , but I do n't know any other place where it is so strong or where the cause of the signal is so obvious , " he said .
Right now , I 'm feeling pretty good .
It 's just one little thing in my brain .
If I let it affect everything , it 's gonna own everything .
I do n't deny it or pretend it 's not there , but if I do n't allow it to be bigger than it is , then I can do everything else .
My body is an isometric exercise , because I 'm always putting pressure against things .
Whatever I 'm doing at any given time , I 'm also doing something else -- I 've always got this thing going on .
The thing I miss most is spontaneity -- just kind of saying , Fuck it , let 's go to Vegas .
I can't really do that .
I got a ' 67 Mustang , but I 'm not driving it much .
My wife gave it to me for my thirty - fifth birthday , so I 've had it for eleven years , but even when she gave it to me , it came with vintage plates , which was kinda distressing -- a car that 's six years younger than me is a registered antique .
There was this image of me as this kind of cute ' n ' cuddly guy , which in as far as it got me laid , I did n't mind it too much .
It made me party harder .
People said , " Does it bother you that girls want to sleep with you because you 're famous ? "
" That 's a tough one .
Lemme think about that .
No . "
I knew I had something more going on than just being cute .
What was tough about that for me was growing up playing hockey , coming from Canada , leaving at eighteen , all that stuff .
I was a beer drinker and a chain - smoker , and I 'd been in my share of scraps when I was a kid .
So I kinda saw myself as a little bit of a hard guy , you know ?
I can't always control my body the way I want to , and I can't control when I feel good or when I do n't .
I can control how clear my mind is .
And I can control how willing I am to step up if somebody needs me .
That 's one of the things the illness has given me :
It 's a degree of death .
There 's a certain amount of loss , and whenever you have a loss , it 's a step toward death .
So if you can accept loss , you can accept the fact that there 's gonna be the big loss .
Once you can accept that , you can accept anything .
So then I think , Well , given that that 's the case , let 's tip myself a break .
Let 's tip everybody a break .
My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance , and in inverse proportion to my expectations .
Acceptance is the key to everything .
Which is n't to say that I 'm resigned to it , or that I 've given up on it , or that I do n't think I have any effect on the outcome of it .
It 's just that , as a reality , I get it .
Who gives a shit how it looks ?
It does n't matter .
I look like what I look like .
If you do n't have someone calling you on your shit , you 're lost .
I can't be smug , because I know that you can lose anything at any point .
And I can't be angry , because I have n't lost it .
I started golf in my forties , which is the ultimate optimism .
My whole life , meeting people is like a blind date , because I feel like they 've already seen the video on me .
I say to my son , " My tattoo is that I do n't have a tattoo . "
I just about got a tattoo when my dad passed away , because he had one , a horse 's head surrounded by a horseshoe with roses -- he was a jockey before he went into the military .
So when he passed away , I just about went downtown and got a tattoo of a horse with roses .
I 'm glad I did n't -- because I was drunk outta my ass .
Discipline is just doing the same thing the right way whether anyone 's watching or not .
I was never big on lunch boxes and all that stuff , and I look at it now and think , God , how much money I turned down .
Oh , fuck , I 'd do it in a heartbeat now .
I realized very quickly that I had no idea what the hell was good for me to do .
You have no idea .
The things you do -- you do some things for money , you do some things for free .
It 's a very difficult place to be .
But on the other hand , it 's so much fun .
You realize , There 's no way I should be allowed to do it , and I 'm gonna watch everybody let me do it -- and I can get a giggle out of how it 's killing them .
I make no bones about the fact that I stopped drinking .
That was the key to everything .
Until I did that , I just could n't have the clarity .
I had to choose not to party anymore .
I could 've chosen to continue doing that , but that would 've been destructive .
Who wants to be a cliché ?
I 'm driving the Ferrari down Ventura Boulevard ninety miles an hour and the cop goes , " Mike ! C'mon , take it easy , you 're gonna hurt somebody . "
I remember sitting there after the cop walked away , going , " This is just seriously fucked up .
This is really crazy . "
It 's one of those moments when you realize that the only thing that 's ever going to stop me from doing whatever I want to do is me -- and I do n't want the job .
No matter how much money you have , you can lose it .
No matter how much fame you have , it 's not something that belongs to you .
If I 'm famous , that does n't belong to me -- that belongs to you .
If you can't remember who I am , I 'm no longer famous .
I see Us magazine and People magazine and all these tabloids -- they have the same story over and over again .
It 's the same every week , and I get all kind of smug about it , and I think , Come on , really ?
You care about this shit ?
But then cut to me going , " Get outta the corner !
Get the fuckin ' puck up !
What the fuck are ya doing ? "
It 's tough to stay off the subject of the fact that we 're all gonna die .
We all need our subject changers .
That 's what it all comes down to .
The thing with Limbaugh was so interesting .
I did n't even have to say anything .
People said to me , " Do n't ya hate the guy ? "
I was like , " I ca n't get it up to hate the guy . "
I know it 's a racket , I know it 's a job -- it 's show business , and that 's fine .
Let 's take it as show business .
People wanted me to rip him apart .
The truth is , Limbaugh is ripping himself apart well enough for all of us .
Six months in the jungle with Sean Penn is tricky , but he 's a real talented guy .
I sent him a note at the end of it saying , " I ca n't say that it was a pleasure , but it was a privilege . "
I have this Bose Sirius radio , and I put it on Classic Vinyl and get my guitar and just play along with it -- it 's all twelve - bar blues -- and for hours I just do that .
I 'm not in the widget business anymore .
I have no widgets to sell .
I had lunch with Sean when I was trying to decide whether to go back and do Spin City .
I said , " I just want to pick your brain . "
He 's a brilliant guy and a great artist and an honest fella in a great way .
I said , " I 'm trying to figure out whether to go back and do this TV show , " and he gets this smile on his face and he goes , " Well , it is the most successful part of your gift . "
Brilliant .
What I love is that I could hear that and laugh my ass off and say , " Fuck you " -- but I so appreciate people that think on that level .
I always wanted to do a short film about Petomane , the flatulist .
Petomane was the guy who could do the " 1812 Overture " out of his ass .
When I see pictures of Lindsay Lohan in the car or Paris Hilton -- the level of glee and the level of viciousness -- wow .
We 've got a war goin ' on .
We 've got people dying .
And we 're all up in arms about this girl .
I have such empathy for all these young women .
I was there , and I did all that crap .
We 'd rip it up , y'know ?
And we never got busted on any of that stuff .
" She deserves it " and " Who does she think she is ? "
Who does she think she is ?
She does n't think -- she does n't know what she had for breakfast this morning .
Who gives a shit ?
Relax , everybody .
Calm down .
Whatever terrible thing is going on , it 's going on until you find out that it 's not .
So get to that part as quickly as possible .
I do n't know of anyone that 's had a perfect run .
I 'm an American citizen since ' 99 .
I 'm happy because I get to vote .
There 's a lot of years that I paid for a lot of stuff that I did n't like ; I like having a say in it .
It started the summer before last summer , when the president vetoed the first Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act .
He had these families around him , these " snowflake babies , " which presented it like it was an either / or situation and the two were mutually exclusive .
It was just such manipulation , and it just pissed me off so much .
I 'm not looking at polling , I do n't have to play any of these games , I do n't have to worry about whether I 'm on message or off message .
I 'm just saying , Hey , can we look at this for a second ?
I do n't really consider myself a political animal .
I try not to be grandiose about that .
It 's like the barn is burning down and you 've got the bucket of water .
I do n't know how I got this bucket of water , I do n't remember going to get it , but it 's in my hand , so I guess I 've gotta throw it .
I have to think of myself as a regular human being .
Michael J. Fox discusses his new book , Always Looking Up : The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Fredrik Lundh | December 2007
The ElementTree library makes it really easy to sort records in record - oriented XML files .
Just locate the record container element , extract the record elements and the sort keys into a list , sort the list based on the keys , and then use slice assignment to update the tree .
Let ’s look at an example .
First , we need an XML file that has a record structure .
Here ’s a simple phonebook , which contains a number of name / number pairs inside entry elements .
< phonebook > < entries > < entry > < name > Ned</name > < number >555-8904</number > </entry > < entry > < name > John </name > < number >555-5782</number > </entry > < entry > < name > Julius </name > < number >555-3642</number > </entry > </ entries > </ phonebook >
Here ’s how to sort this file on phone numbers :
import xml.etree.ElementTree as ET tree = ET. parse ( " data.xml " ) container = tree. find( " entries " ) data = [ ] for elem in container : key = elem.findtext ( " number " ) data.append ( ( key , elem ) ) data.sort ( ) container [ :] = [ item [ - 1 ] for item in data ] tree.write ( " new- data.xml " )
This is very efficient , since all you ’re doing is moving references around .
For normal files , the slowest part is reading and writing the files ; sorting takes “ no time at all ” ( and you can parse in no time at all too , by using cElement Tree instead of ElementTree ) .
To sort on multiple keys ( e.g. first on number , and then on name ) , you can use the fact that Python compares tuples item by item :
for elem in container : number = elem.findtext ( " number " ) name = elem.findtext ( " name " ) data.append ( ( number , name , elem ) )
The above code uses the exact values in the file , falling back to None if a field is not present .
In practice , you probably want to process the fields somewhat to get them sorted in the right way ; e.g .
import re for elem in container : number = elem.findtext ( " number " , " 999-99999 " ) number = tuple ( map ( int , re.findall ( " \d+ " , number ) ) ) name = elem.findtext ( " name " , " " ) .lower ( ) data.append (( number , name , elem ) )
To round off , let ’s look at a first script again .
In that script , we used an explicit for - in loop to extract the keys and the elements from the phonebook container element :
data = [ ] for elem in container : key = elem.findtext ( " number " ) data.append ( ( key , elem ) ) data.sort ( ) container [ :] = [ item [ - 1 ] for item in data ]
In recent versions of Python , you can replace the for - in loop with a call to the sorted function .
To extract the keys , pass in a key callback :
def getkey ( elem ) : return elem.findtext ( " number " ) container [ : ] = sorted ( container , key=getkey )
The sorted function calls the getkey helper once for each item in the container , then sorts the elements according to the key value , and finally returns the sorted elements as a list object .
Here ’s the resulting script :
import xml.etree.ElementTree as ET tree = ET.parse ( " data.xml " ) def getkey ( elem ) : return elem.findtext ( " number " ) container = tree. find( " entries " ) container [ : ] = sorted ( container , key=getkey ) tree.write ( " new- data.xml " )
To sort on multiple keys , simply return a tuple from the helper function .
By Denise Winterman
BBC News Magazine
It 's rare that parents agree when it comes to the best way to raise children .
Usually it 's a debate which divides people with - and without - kids like nothing else .
But one woman is uniting parents across the UK in a way rarely seen before , according to some childcare organisations .
Claire Verity 's strict tough - love mantra appears to have provoked universal horror and disgust .
Claire Verity 's been a nanny for 24 years
Ms Verity 's tough approach includes leaving your baby outside " to air ' ' , cuddling them for only 10 minutes a day and ignoring them if they cry .
Routine is everything and nothing must get in the way of it , especially not emotions .
Social commentators have branded her approach a " regime of rigidly timetabled neglect " .
Parents have jammed internet chatrooms to denounce her methods .
There has been a flood of complaints to the television watchdog Ofcom and even the government .
Celebrity clients
It 's not only parents that are rallying against her , other childcare experts have waded into too .
The " queen of routine " , Gina Ford , has sent a letter to the NSPCC protesting about Ms Verity 's methods .
For Ms Ford to be " the voice of reason " will be seen by some as bizarre in itself .
Her own strict approach to raising children is viewed as extreme by many and polarises opinion among parents .
Truby King believed in fresh air for babies
But some people must agree with her methods , as she has been a freelance nanny for 24 years .
She has reportedly worked for Mick Jagger and Sting and charges up to £ 1,000 a day .
But trying to find her supporters is not easy .
" People like Gina Ford polarise opinion , it 's a love - hate thing , but we 've never seen a reaction like this , " says Carrie Longton , co-founder of the parenting website Mumsnet.com .
" Almost everyone using our chatrooms is violently against her ( Ms Verity ) and they are reacting with such fervour .
The odd person that does speak up for her just questions why people are getting so hysterical and is n't actually saying they agree with her . "
Channel 4 has also come under fire for " sensationalising "
Ms Verity 's techniques to boost ratings .
Some have questioned whether she even uses them herself .
The channel insists no method is used in the show that Ms Verity would not use with her private clients .
' Fascistic mind frame '
But interestingly , Ms Verity adheres to methods that were developed by a man who became a national hero in his native country of New Zealand , and whose legacy is still far - reaching in the country .
The child welfare reformer Sir Frederick Truby King developed his " scientific " childcare regime in the 1920s and became renowned worldwide .
" It was a time when people , largely men , started claiming the way to raise children was using science , " says Mr Cunningham , a professor of social history at the University of Kent .
She 's being attacked for promoting an outdated method of parenting but that implies that other so - called experts are legitimate
Professor Frank Furedi
The scientific approach , advocated by King and others such as JB Watson in the US , dominated childcare for decades .
It only really started to be challenged after World War II , says Mr Cunningham .
" After the war , people started to believe that using such an authoritarian way of raising children led to a fascistic mind frame .
A wave of democracy spread through attitudes to childcare . "
But Truby King 's techniques were a major success in many ways and the Plunket Society , which he founded in New Zealand in 1907 , is still deeply rooted in family life in the country .
' Insecurity and anxiety '
He is credited with drastically reducing infant mortality in New Zealand .
Today , more than 90 % of new babies in the country access Plunket Society services , it says .
A mark of his standing is the fact he was the first private citizen in New Zealand to be given a state funeral and the first to feature on one of its postage stamps .
Gina Ford has criticised Claire Verity
However , the society does stress its philosophy of care underwent a " major shift " in the 1970s , and Truby King 's strict regime was replaced by a more " flexible model of care " .
Styling yourself on his original techniques is old - fashioned at best , argue parents .
Ms Verity declined to comment for this story .
But some commentators cast the net of criticism wider , jabbing a finger at the whole " expert - driven parenting industry " .
" She 's being attacked for promoting an outdated method of parenting but that implies other so - called experts are legitimate , " says Frank Furedi , author of Paranoid Parenting .
" She is no better and no worse than all the other television nannies .
I think this whole situation has reduced the paradigm of expert - driven parenting to an all - time low .
" It 's symptomatic of an unprecedented level of parental insecurity and anxiety . "
But ultimately , most parents object to Ms Verity 's techniques because they " go against every gut reaction you have as a mother or father , " says Ms Longton .
" Whatever Claire Verity says , parenting is about instinct , " says Abigail Flanagan , of Mumsnet.com , " and mine would be to show her the door . "
Add your comments using the form below .
Claire Verity made me more angry then I have been in years .
I can only assume that the woman does n't actually like children .
I feel sorry that she has obviously missed the joy and fulfillment to be achieved from having babies .
Yes , you do have to sacrifice some of your time and energy when they are tiny but it is returned to you in buckets as they get older .
From the mother of four wonderful children now aged 29 , 26 , 24 and 23 .
Helen Powell , Gloucester
It seems to me that Claire Verity 's tecniques are very squarely aimed at giving parents the easiest life possible and not necessarily in the best interests of the child .
Having children should be about bringing a life into the world and rejoicing in that life - what rejoicing can be had when your baby is alone in the garden ?
David W , Newcastle
I agree with the routine method of handling babies .
i have " successfully " reared five children by routine .
a baby needs to fed , washed and comforable .
it is interesting to note that this method was in place for so long and then sometime in the 70's a more dis-organised method was thought to be the only way .
gradually over the decades since the 70's a total different approach has been adopted , resulting in today with a people who are more or less completely non-disciplined from as young as 1 day old right in to their twenties .
i firmly believe this reflects on our society as a whole today where the sky is the limit for absolutely no boundaries either socially or morally .
christine murphy , derry n ireland
We have a 10 month old daughter and to think we would do to her what Clair Verity is preaching is unthinkable .
it is simply cruel .
Times move on and whilst this might have been the way in the strict man ruled world of the 1920's it is not for the 21st century .
I would add though that she does not do anything to harm the children but it just does n't seem right in this modern world .
Steve Crampton , Wombourne
I 'm not a parent but my mum was told to ignore me if I cried as a baby ( after quietly checking I was n't crying for a legitimate reason ! ) and it apparently worked .
I also believe that kids should get much more fresh air but not necessarily just plonked outside routinely !
However , I can't imagine any new parents being able to resist cuddling their baby at every opporunity .
10 minutes a day ?
That 's just silly !
Helen Preston , Swindon , UK
Whoever advised these parents that having a vehement stranger and a camera crew in your house at this time was a good idea .
The time when a new baby comes into the house should be such a magical time of falling in love with your child , and learning to become a family together through trial and error .
I feel sorry that they and their first babies have been denied this - they will never get that chance back .
Elizabeth Fell , London
I was n't left to cry when I was a baby .
My mum had twins so obviously it was hard work but I never felt neglected and still do n't at the tender age of 35 .
Surely babies cry for a reason and only have primitive reactions so crying IS thier only form of communication - so to rule out why they are crying you can't ignore them - they may be wet , hungry or in pain .
I do n't agree with ignoring babies crying full stop !
Rachel Braithwaite , Norwich , UK
No we did n't turn out OK .
Thankfully most parents ignored Truby King .
And thankfully my aunts and father did as well .
But without their intervention , family arguments on a grand scale and just plain sneaking behing my mother 's back , heaven knows what kind of social wreck I would be .
I have enough problems as it is from the regime .
Luckily my family intervened when it came to my younger sister and from her I learnt how to raise my own son .
No problems on sleeping , discipline or anything .
Just normal parent child things .
( With dyslexia added . )
Lets ditch Truby King once and for all .
Moira , Farnborough
I 'm only 17 , and not a mother , but as a child of an excellent mother , I can safely say that I would be horrified even now if my mother refused me a hug and pushed me outside instead .
Children need love .
If you 're not going to love them , and bring them up to know that ' God 's only law is love ' ( in the words of Oscar Wilde ) then they 're going to grow up knowing only coldness .
Sophie
What about the parent 's needs ?
The thought of only being able to cuddle my 11 month old for 10 mins each day is awful .
Surely Claire Verity 's methods are going to produce emotionally stunted children .
Sue , London
Ms Verity 's lack of offspring should be sufficient to disqualify her as being in any way qualified to hand out child rearing advice !
Richard , Daventry
I am a psychology graduate who has studied child development , and the first thing I would say is this debate is not new .
The idea that child rearing methods led to the rise of fascism was a popular theory in child psychology in the 1950s and 1960s .
Beleive it or not , some people even believed that toilet training led to the formation of an " authoritarian personality " .
These theories have been comprehensively falsified , fascism is nothing to do with child rearing , and there is no such thing as an " authoritarian personality " , both are adult constructs .
The way children are bought up reflects the values of the society they are bought up in and I think this debate is not really about child rearing at all but is an adult debate about " liberal " versus " conservative " values .
There simply is no credible scientific evidence that either approach leads to harm or compromises child development , it is just a debate about the fashionable versus the unfashionable .
Babies develop naturally , they are very adaptable , and , provided they are not abused or neglected , there is no evidence to show that any particular method of childrearing is better than any other .
But then I 'm a man so what do I know !!
Matt Munro , Bristol , UK
I do not believe in tough love in any instance .
Their is no such thing as it is impossible to execute toughness and loving together .
It is a phrase invented by parents who have given up and / or parents who see rearing children as hard work and find no pleasure in giving up their time to attend to the needs of children .
I could go on about this phenomena for pages on end .
Zie , Paradise Beach South Africa
It is n't how a baby is raised in its first weeks and months that shapes it , it has so little understanding of the world around it that all it wants is to feel fed and warm enough to sleep when it wants .
It 's when it gains an understanding of its position in life that actions can have an impact .
There is nothing wrong with Ms Verity 's methods , so long as parents understand that works on a 3 month old is n't necessarily appropriate for a 3 year old .
Anon , London
As soon to be first time parents my wife and myself have been watching the series ' Bringing Up Baby ' with keen interest .
I have to say however the techniques used by Claire Verity seem very harsh .
I think , and I am far from being any kind of expert , that the best approach would be to take the best parts of all the methods shown on the programme and use them with your own common sense and best judgement .
Richard Watkins , Sutton , UK
No amount of money would have allowed me to keep this woman in my home for one second longer than was necessary and if the Verity experience has not scared the babies who were subjected to her abstract cruelty I would like to bet that it has scared their mothers .
Carole Rutherford , Sunderland
I would be interested to know exactly how many children Ms Verity has given birth to herself .
Like so many other so - called ' experts ' in child rearing , it is those who are childless that deem to know better than parents and seek to force their opinions on the population .
J Wallace , Manchester
As a mother of a young child i was so upset at the scenes of Claire Verity 's ideas of parenting that i was unable to watch the programme .
I feel strongly that a child 's first experience of life should not be that of a dictatorship society .
A child 's only means of expression is crying , therefore when a child crys it is in essence trying to tell the parent or carer something or is asking a question .
To ignore a child 's cries is to deny them the human right of being listened to , besides which , what mother is able not to respond to their crying baby ?
Marianne Lee , Chester
I thought the techniques of one of the other ' experts ' on the show who says that you can't put the baby down for 6 months and that it must sleep in bed with you was more horrifying .
She 's the really scary woman .
What 's wrong with putting a baby out in the fresh air ?
Claire , Leeds
I liked the concluding sentence most .
It was what I was thinking while reading through the whole article .
The instinct of mothers should not be discouraged by society .
Humans have evolved to have these instincts for a good reason .
I 'd show her the door as well .
JP , UK
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
My blog area contains articles , news , and thoughts on variety of subjects of concern and interest for me and for other curious minds out there .
How To Find The Perfect Gift For The Lady In Your Life
I ’m personally not that big on gifts , but lots of people enjoy giving and receiving stuff from each other during various events throughout the year , so I thought to offer a few thoughts on the subject of reciprocal gifting .
The time for giving is coming up and we ’ll soon all be finding ourselves wondering about what to get our loved ones .
If I can predict what happens , many of us will find ourselves packing the parking lots at the final hour , hoping there ’s still something decent that can be found and bought from the department store we ’ve decided to head out for , despite the heavy holiday traffic and pouring rain .
But it does n’t have to be so hard .
Though I ’m far from being a relationship expert , I enjoy the study of human behavior and would like to share some common sense ideas for helping you connect with your significant other .
In particular , if you ’re a young guy who ’s beginning to sweat over the prospect of gift - giving , here are a few Do ’s and Don’ts on trying to impress your girlfriend this joyful time of year ( this coming from someone who was once young herself ) .
DO : Shop early .
One thing you should n’t do is procrastinate .
Coming into a department store without a clue as to what to buy leads to a terrible condition called “ panic buying ” .
Doing things last minute may cause you to pay more than you need to , for a gift that comes across as …. well …. last minute .
Instead , think ahead and you ’ll find yourself also saving some bucks in the process .
Start brainstorming early ( that usually means doing some research online ) .
DON’T : Buy the first thing that looks shiny , colorful or cute that catches your eye just to get it over with .
Many women have a sixth sense for this sort of maneuver especially if we ’re beyond high school age : we can usually tell when we ’ve received something hastily chosen or put together .
As mentioned , resist the impulse buy and give your gift selection some thought so that your offering does n’t sadly find itself in the clutter bin or back to the store under “ Returns ” or worse , earn you the dog house .
Honor the cliche : it ’s not the cost , but the thought that matters .
-ooOoo -
DO : Be the type of person who communicates and talks openly with your mate .
Talk is cheap but goes a long way with stoking any fire in a relationship .
I could n’t help but be inspired by Fit Buff ’s suggestions for keeping your girlfriend happy through words alone .
DON’T : Buy any of the gifts listed in this list :
the Top Worst Gifts To Give Your Girlfriend # 1 .
Here are some interesting items from the lists :
Clothes – women come in all different shapes and sizes , and chances are , you ’ll pick the wrong dress ( wrong fit , size , shape or style ) .
Why not just get her a gift certificate instead ?
Oooops , but according to the lists , gift certificates are supposedly unimaginative , boring and therefore a bad choice !
Well I beg to disagree — gift certificates are a practical choice albeit not as romantic .
– women come in all different shapes and sizes , and chances are , you ’ll pick the wrong dress ( wrong fit , size , shape or style ) .
Why not just get her a gift certificate instead ?
Oooops , but according to the lists , gift certificates are supposedly unimaginative , boring and therefore a bad choice !
Well I beg to disagree — gift certificates are a practical choice albeit not as romantic .
Quicken – okay , I laughed at this suggestion as something you should n’t give your girlfriend .
They say it ’s probably the most unromantic gift you could get anyone …. well , except me !
I ’d definitely appreciate such a gift — in fact , I have this in my wish list already ! 😉
– okay , I laughed at this suggestion as something you should n’t give your girlfriend .
They say it ’s probably the most unromantic gift you could get anyone …. well , except me !
I ’d definitely appreciate such a gift — in fact , I have this in my wish list already !
😉
Vacuum or blender – again , I do n’t see anything wrong with such practical gifts ; I ’d argue that these may work for a wife but not for a girlfriend .
-ooOoo -
DO : Ask your girlfriend what she ’d like or at least get some idea what her preferences are .
Women like to drop hints here and there about what they ’d appreciate for a special occasion .
For the men , it ’s a matter of being able to pick up on those hints and “ getting the idea ” .
DON’T : Buy your girlfriend stuff you believe she ’ll enjoy because it ’s something YOU enjoy .
A lot of us usually buy gifts based on our preferences , thinking and expecting our gift recipient would be nuts not to want what we ’re buying .
Unfortunately , all too often , what you like may not necessarily be something your partner cares for especially if your preferences are very discrepant to begin with .
Do n’t get her a season ’s pass to sports events unless she ’s a real fan .
That would just be a not - so - clever ruse to get yourself those tickets !
-ooOoo -
DO : Consider the gift of time and experience instead of something material .
How about a nice vacation to a romantic spot ?
A nice evening out ?
I ’m one of those who prefer the memories over the material .
DON’T : Buy the most expensive gift she ’s had her eye on .
If your girlfriend is ogling a pricey piece of jewelry — that pair of diamond earrings for instance — and you can only rely on your credit card to get it for her… .
Please do n’t do it .
You know your head says NO but your heart may say YES ; you want to impress her and make things special .
But this is a bad idea for so many reasons :
You ’ll just spoil her into thinking you can afford stuff like this .
Your pride is costing you heavily — the ding to your credit will remain and may possibly exist longer than your relationship .
You ’re defining your relationship in a material manner .
A good girlfriend will understand if you pass on the high - priced trinkets .
Caveat : if the lady in your life is your wife , then you may want to rethink this suggestion but only if you can afford it ( the wife is another story ) !
-ooOoo -
I wish you luck on getting just the right gift for your girlfriend or wife ( rules are less stringent when you ’re married 😉 ) , just remember that most women would appreciate something personal and thoughtful from you and quite often , it ’s the gift of time that we appreciate the most .
Quality time rules !
Other Resources :
How To Make Your Girlfriend Happy
How to Buy Your Girlfriend the Perfect Gift
15 Inexpensive Dating Ideas
Image Credit : Delafee.com
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
WASHINGTON , D.C. –
To many privacy geeks , it 's the holy grail – a totally anonymous and secure computer so easy to use you can hand it to your grandmother and send her off on her own to the local Starbucks .
That was the guiding principle for the members of kaos .
theory security research when they set out to put a secure crypto - heavy operating systems on a bootable CD : a disc that would offer the masses the same level of privacy available to security professionals , but with an easy user interface .
" If Granny 's into trannies , and does n't want her grandkids to know , she should be able to download without fear , " says Taylor Banks , project leader .
It 's a difficult problem , entailing a great deal of attention to both security details and usability issues .
The group finally unveiled their finished product at the Shmoo Con hacker conference here Saturday , with mixed results .
Titled Anonym.OS , the system is a type of disc called a " live CD " – meaning it 's a complete solution for using a computer without touching the hard drive .
Developers say Anonym .OS is likely the first live CD based on the security - heavy OpenBSD operating system .
OpenBSD running in secure mode is relatively rare among desktop users .
So to keep from standing out , Anonym .
OS leaves a deceptive network fingerprint .
In everything from the way it actively reports itself to other computers , to matters of technical minutia such as TCP packet length , the system is designed to look like Windows XP SP1 .
" We considered part of what makes a system anonymous is looking like what is most popular , so you blend in with the crowd , " explains project developer Adam Bregenzer of Super Light Industry .
Booting the CD , you are presented with a text based wizard - style list of questions to answer , one at a time , with defaults that will work for most users .
Within a few moments , a fairly naive user can be up and running and connected to an open Wi -Fi point , if one is available .
Once you 're running , you have a broad range of anonymity - protecting applications at your disposal .
But actually using the system can be a slow experience .
Anonym .
OS makes extensive use of Tor , the onion routing network that relies on an array of servers passing encrypted traffic to permit untraceable surfing .
Sadly ,
Tor has recently suffered from user - base growth far outpacing the number of servers available to those users – at last count there were only 419 servers worldwide .
So Tor lags badly at times of heavy use .
Between
Tor 's problems , and some nagging performance issues on the disc itself , Banks concedes that the CD is not yet ready for the wide audience he hopes to someday serve .
" Is Grandma really going to be able to use it today ?
I do n't know .
If she already uses the internet , yes . "
Experts also say Anonym .
OS may not solve the internet 's most pressing issues , such as the notorious China problem : repressive governments that monitor their population 's net access , and censor or jail citizens who speak out against the government .
Ethan Zuckerman , fellow with Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , works extensively with international bloggers and journalists , many of whom live under constant threat from their own governments .
He see Anonym .OS as a blessing for some – but not for those at the greatest risk .
" I think it 's going to be tremendously useful for fairly sophisticated users when they are traveling , but where it may not be as effective as people would hope is in counties where the government is really seriously about locking down the net , constraining internet access , " Zuckerman says .
Because most people in the developing world use the internet from shared desktop environments , services for them have to consider workplace and cyber cafe - based computer situations .
" Rebooting is n't often an option , " explains Zuckerman , who would like to see anonymity solutions move toward minimally invasive strategies like the TorPark , a USB key that allows access to a Tor-enabled browser without rebooting , and private proxies matched up one by one with dissidents .
But kaos .
theory members say Anonym .OS is just the first step in making anonymity widely available .
Future versions , they say , may run on a USB keychain .
Additionally , they plan to implement Enigmail to allow encrypted e-mail for Thunderbird and Gaim Off - the - Record , which allows users to use instant messaging without their logs being tied to them .
David Del Torto , chief security officer of the nonprofit CryptoRights group , says projects like Anonym .
OS are heading in the right direction , but thinks the project overreaches by trying to be useful to everyone .
" Grandmas are not the ones that need this right now ....
My instincts tell me that it's a very small number of people ( that can use Anonym . OS ) .
You can't really solve this problem by simplifying the interface .
It 's almost impossible to anticipate everything a user can do to hurt themselves . "
See related slideshow
When the history of our digital times comes to be written , one of the questions that will puzzle historians is why the record companies missed the significance of the internet .
Just think about it .
Throughout the post - war period , theirs was a big and powerful industry making shedloads of money , and controlling just about everything - recording artists , publishers , distributors and retailers .
By 1982 , music had gone digital .
( The first CDs went on sale that year . )
So recording studios converted the sounds made by musicians into bitstreams - long sequences of ones and zeroes - while , at the consumer end , CD players converted those bits back into high - fidelity sound .
The problem was : how to get the bitstreams from the recording studio to the consumer ?
The solution was to ' burn ' the bits onto plastic disks which were labelled , packed in ( fragile ) plastic cases , boxed and shipped to distributors ' warehouses .
From there they were ferried to retailers , who removed the disks from their cases and filed them in shelves behind the counter while leaving the case and its associated sleeve artwork out for browsing by customers .
Customers would take the empty case to the counter and hand over their money , after which the disk was fetched from its hiding place and replaced in the box .
Once home , the customer inserted the disk in his or her CD player , and the sound of music filled the room .
This palaver of ' shipping atoms to ship bits ' ( as IT guru Nicholas Negroponte dubbed it ) was probably the only way to do it at the beginning .
But it was expensive , inefficient , inelegant and uneconomic : nearly 50 per cent of the retail price of a CD was taken up by the costs of manufacture and distribution .
The internet as we know it today was switched on in January 1983 , and at that point a light ought to have gone on in the heads of senior management of recording companies .
For the net was effectively a vast machine for shipping bits from one place to another - efficiently , quickly and at virtually zero cost .
As far as the record industry was concerned , it was a technology made in heaven ; it held out the prospect of halving their costs and quadrupling their profits .
So did the music companies fall upon the internet like ravening wolves ?
Like hell they did .
First , they ignored it .
Then , when Shawn Fanning launched Napster - the original file - sharing service - they called their lawyers .
Then they started suing file - sharers and companies which operated peer - to - peer networks .
Then the bands themselves , notably rockers Metallica , joined in the legal action .
And finally they all started prosecuting teenagers and intimidating their parents .
And while all this was going on , CD sales went into freefall , revenues collapsed and profits eroded .
As Ted Cohen , a former executive at EMI and Warner Brothers put it : ' The record labels had an opportunity to create a digital ecosystem and infrastructure to sell music online , but they kept looking at the small picture instead of the big one .
They would n't let go of CDs . '
It was one of the greatest examples in history of collective corporate stupidity .
So the 64 - billion - dollar question is : how did it happen ?
The obvious hypothesis - that the senior executives of all the record companies were idiots - has always seemed implausible to me .
Or it did until I read the recent interview in Wired magazine with Doug Morris , chairman and CEO of Universal Music Group .
Morris 's ascent to the top of Universal in the 1990s coincided with the rise of CDs - the biggest boom the music business has ever known .
The colossal profits blinded Morris & Co to the threat / potential of the net .
Pressed by the interviewer , Morris went into rant mode , insisting that there was n't a thing he or anyone else could have done differently .
' There 's no one in the record company that 's a technologist , ' he said .
' That 's a misconception writers make all the time , that the record industry missed this .
They did n't .
They just did n't know what to do .
It 's like if you were suddenly asked to operate on your dog to remove his kidney .
What would you do ?'
Why did n't they hire people who understood the stuff ?
' We did n't know who to hire , ' he responded .
' I would n't be able to recognise a good technology person - anyone with a good bullshit story would have gotten past me . '
It beggars belief but maybe the reason the record industry screwed up can be summed up in two words : wilful cluelessness .
More Call Centers Blogs
What We"re Reading
Visit our Discussion Group
Add Google Blog is powered by Blogger .
Start your own weblog .
Followup to : Natural Selection 's Speed Limit and Complexity Bound
If you 've read anything Stephen J. Gould has ever said about evolutionary biology , I have some bad news for you .
In the field of evolutionary biology at large , Gould 's reputation is mud .
Not because he was wrong .
Many honest scientists have made honest mistakes .
What Gould did was much worse , involving deliberate misrepresentation of science .
In his 1996 book Full House : The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin , Stephen J. Gould explains how modern evolutionary biology is very naive about evolutionary progress .
Foolish evolutionary biologists , says Gould , believe that evolution has a preferred tendency toward progress and the accumulation of complexity .
But of course - Gould kindly explains - this is simply a statistical illusion , bolstered by the tendency to cite hand - picked sequences like bacteria , fern , dinosaurs , dog , man .
You could equally well explain this apparent progress by supposing that evolution is undergoing a random walk , sometimes losing complexity and sometimes gaining it .
If so , Gould says , there will be a left bound , a minimum at zero complexity , but no right bound , and the most complex organisms will seem to grow more complex over time .
Even though it 's really just a random walk with no preference in either direction , the distribution widens and the tail gets longer .
What romantics , ha ha , those silly evolutionary biologists , believing in progress !
It 's a good thing we had a statistically sophisticated thinker like Stephen J. Gould to keep their misconceptions from infecting the general public .
Indeed , Stephen J. Gould was a hero - a martyr - because evolutionary biologists do n't like it when you challenge their romantic preconceptions , and they persecuted him .
Or so Gould represented himself to the public .
There 's just one problem :
It 's extremely unlikely that any modern evolutionary theorist , however much a romantic , would believe that evolution was accumulating complexity .
There was once a time when many evolutionary biologists had a romantic conception of progress , evolution climbing ever - higher mountains of complexity , dinosaur to dog to man .
And there was a hero who challenged that widespread misconception .
The hero was George Williams , his challenge was successful , and his reputation rests securely in evolutionary biology today .
In a population at equilibrium , harmful mutations will be eliminated by death ( or failure to reproduce ) at the same rate they are introduced by copying errors .
A very severe mutation may be eliminated by an embryo that fails to develop , but a mutation that 's lethal only one time out of 10,000 may spread to 10,000 people before it starts to be eliminated .
It takes the same amount of selection pressure to support minor or major adaptations ; whether the adaptation was a big one or a small one , at equilibrium , mutations must be eliminated at the same rate they are introduced by copying errors .
A population cannot sustain too high a selection pressure - too many deaths or failures to reproduce - without dying out .
And it requires the same amount of selection to support any given amount of DNA against the degenerative pressure of copying errors .
This , in turn , implies an upper bound on the amount of DNA that can be sustained by selection against the degenerative pressure of copying errors .
The upshot , as George Williams wrote :
A certain amount of information is added by selection every generation .
At the same time , a certain amount is subtracted by randomizing processes .
The more information is already stored , the more would mutation and other random forces reduce it in a given time interval .
It is reasonable to suppose that there would be a maximum level of information content that could be maintained by selection in opposition to randomizing forces ...
The view suggested here is that all organisms of above a certain low level organization - perhaps that of the simpler invertebrates - and beyond a certain geological period - perhaps the Cambrian - may have much the same amounts of [ meaningful ] information in their nuclei .
Saying this did not make Williams a heroic , persecuted martyr .
He simply won .
His arguments were accepted and biology moved on .
The book quoted above is Adaptation and Natural Selection , now showing its age but still considered a great classic .
The shift to a gene 's - eye - view in evolutionary theory is sometimes called the " Williams Revolution " , the other founders being Hamilton , John Maynard Smith , Trivers , and Dawkins as popularizer .
In short , Williams was not exactly Mr. Obscure .
And Williams wrote in 1966 , thirty years before Gould wrote Full House .
If Gould had simply stolen Williams 's ideas and presented them as his own , then he would have been guilty of plagiarism .
And yet at least the general public would have been accurately informed ; in that sense , less damage would have been done to the public understanding of science .
But Gould 's actual conduct was much stranger .
He wrote as if the entire Williams revolution had never occurred !
Gould attacked , as if they were still current views , romantic notions that no serious biologist had put forth since the 1960s .
Then Gould presented his own counterarguments to these no -longer - advocated views , and they were bizarre .
Evolution is a random walk in complexity , with a minimum at zero complexity and no upper bound ?
But there is an upper bound !
Sheer chance explains why dogs are more complex than dinosaurs ?
But they probably are n't !
Why did Gould behave thus ?
Two observations :
One , to bring order to a scientific field , it must first be in chaos .
Two , plagiarism is a crime that everyone understands .
Gould undid the last thirty years of progress in his depiction of the field he was criticizing , pretending that evolutionary theory was in chaos , so he could depict himself as heroically bringing order to it .
If Gould had also redid the accepted solutions as his own , he would have been caught , tried , and cast out of the public eye .
Newspaper editors may not be interested in mathematical arguments about evolutionary biology , but they understand stories about plagiarism and theft .
Once Gould 's copying had been laid out next to the original , and eminent scientists attested to the identity , it would have been over .
So instead Gould committed a crime so bizarre that it could n't be explained to editors .
He stole Williams 's chaos .
( Incidentally , Gould 's notion of a random walk in complexity has the same quality as the rest of his argument .
A genome acquires a beneficial allele at a readily calculable speed and probability , and until the complexity reaches equilibrium , new adaptations will tend to be acquired faster than old adaptations are lost to copying errors or environmental shifts .
The fewer adaptations have been acquired by a genome , the fewer are likely to be lost to a given event .
If complexity starts far below the equilibrium level , it will tend to increase . )
All this that I have said , was a common pattern throughout Gould 's " work " .
And all this that I have said , is no news to professional biologists .
Here 's John Maynard Smith :
" Gould occupies a rather curious position , particularly on his side of the Atlantic .
Because of the excellence of his essays , he has come to be seen by non-biologists as the preeminent evolutionary theorist .
In contrast , the evolutionary biologists with whom I have discussed his work tend to see him as a man whose ideas are so confused as to be hardly worth bothering with , but as one who should not be publicly criticized because he is at least on our side against the creationists .
All this would not matter , were it not that he is giving non-biologists a largely false picture of the state of evolutionary theory . "
John Maynard Smith was a genuinely great evolutionary biologist , the sort of man that Gould pretended to be .
But some readers may have to take my word for this , since the names of eminent scientists are often less well - known to the general public than the names of fast - talking scoundrels such as Uri Geller or Stephen J. Gould .
I am not calling Gould a scoundrel because he was wrong ; honest scientists can make honest mistakes .
But Gould systematically misrepresented what other scientists thought ; he deluded the public as to what evolutionary biologists were thinking .
It is as if someone presented geocentric epicycles as the current belief in 21st - century astronomy , sharply criticized the complexity of all those circles orbiting circles , and argued for their own simpler model of planets that move in straight lines .
Did Gould deliberately lie ?
If not , he executed one of the most epic feats of self - deception in the history of marketing .
The eminent John Tooby speaks :
" Although Gould characterizes his critics as " anonymous " and " a tiny coterie , " nearly every major evolutionary biologist of our era has weighed in in a vain attempt to correct the tangle of confusions that the higher profile Gould has inundated the intellectual world with .
The point is not that Gould is the object of some criticism -- so properly are we all -- it is that his reputation as a credible and balanced authority about evolutionary biology is non-existent among those who are in a professional position to know ...
These [ major evolutionary biologists ] include Ernst Mayr , John Maynard Smith , George Williams , Bill Hamilton , Richard Dawkins , E.O. Wilson , Tim Clutton - Brock , Paul Harvey , Brian Charlesworth , Jerry Coyne , Robert Trivers , John Alcock , Randy Thornhill , and many others . "
If Gould , after receiving that many corrections , managed to still not know the actually current beliefs in evolutionary biology , he must have had neutronium earplugs .
I 'm not saying it 's impossible , though , because it 's amazing what people can not - know when their reputation depends on it .
But there comes a point in self - deception where it becomes morally indistinguishable from lying .
Consistently self - serving scientific " error " , in the face of repeated correction and without informing others of the criticism , blends over into scientific fraud .
And after all this , Gould is widely believed , by the general public and even by many scientists outside evolutionary biology , to be an evolutionary theorist of honorable reputation !
It is as if Immanuel Velikovsky had managed to make himself into the public face of astronomy .
If you have read one of Gould 's books , you are not to blame ; but you must now do your best to un -believe it all - especially all the implied beliefs in evolutionary biology that Gould seemed to be attacking .
And so as not to be accused of plagiarism myself , many others have said much of what I said here - only in politer academic language , with longer sentences , and without that specific example .
I thought it deserved a sharper presentation , for the benefit of the popular audience that Gould deluded ; and a clear - cut example of Gould 's " work " , to show what the fuss is about .
Many academic writers on Gould could not speak as sharply as Gould deserved .
As I have no fear for my own reputation , I will say it plainly :
One way or another , knowingly or unknowingly , Gould deceived the trusting public and committed the moral equivalent of deliberate scientific fraud .
Israel ’s collective punishment of Gaza
By Chris Marsden
22 September 2007
Declaring the Gaza Strip as a “ hostile entity ” and limiting its supply of fuel and electricity is an act of collective punishment by Israel .
The Kadima - led coalition government has also said it will further restrict the transfer of goods and people in and out of Gaza .
The moves are part of an escalating offensive against Gaza ’s one - and - a - half million residents that could culminate in an armed attack .
The pretext used by the security cabinet for taking these measures was provided by cross - border rocket attacks , one of which hit an army base last week , injuring 69 soldiers .
Israel has blamed the Hamas - led authority deposed with the support of the western powers by President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah , based in the West Bank .
This is despite reports by Israel Radio that the deposed Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas has met with Islamic Jihad leaders to try and halt the rocket fire .
The Israeli government considered cutting off electricity totally in response to every rocket , but decided instead to reduce the amount of megawattage provided to the Strip .
Claiming that this was a legal move , an official stated that “ Hamas will have to decide whether to provide electricity to hospitals or weapons lathes . ”
The government also decided to cut off all fuel , with the exception of that needed by hospitals and other functions deemed to have a “ humanitarian ” purpose .
Diesel will be allowed in to fuel ambulances , sewage pumps , generators and garbage trucks , but gasoline will be restricted .
According to estimates , Israel still exports approximately US$ 500 million worth of goods and services into the Gaza Strip each year .
All attempts to dress up a tightening of the siege on Gaza in legal - sounding terms and to apply humanitarian caveats are lies .
Gaza ’s people are already on the brink of starvation , with more than 1.1 million totally reliant on food from the United Nations .
Israel supplies almost two thirds of its electricity .
Cutting power for even a matter of days will halt water supplies to the apartment blocks in which most people live .
Refrigerators will not work , and it will be impossible to store food .
There are no substantial fuel reserves in Gaza .
Israel , as the occupying power , is responsible for the well - being of Gaza ’s civilian population .
Declaring Gaza a “ hostile entity ” alters nothing regarding international law .
The term has no legal meaning .
As Dan Izenberg admitted in the right - wing Jerusalem Post , “ the government ’s decision on Wednesday was a unilateral act , spoken in terminology that no one else in the world uses . ”
The move met with formal opposition from United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon as being “ contrary to Israel ’s obligations towards the civilian population under international humanitarian and human rights law , ” as well as from the European Union and the European Commission .
Nevertheless , Israel calculates that , verbal reprimands aside , it can take such action without serious sanctions being taken against it .
It is strengthened in this belief because it is only building on the punitive measures against Gaza already taken by the major powers .
Bradley Burston noted in Haaretz that “ ministers may also have been emboldened in taking the step in the wake of an incident last month in which the [ European Union ] briefly cut off aid for fuel to Gaza , causing an electrical blackout for much of the population .
International condemnation was minimal , a reflection , to a degree , of the widespread diplomatic freeze against the Hamas government .... ”
Israel also believes it can act as it does because of the resort to similar illegal acts by the United States and others in pursuit of the so - called “ war against terror . ”
Declaring Gaza as a “ hostile entity ” has a similar pedigree to Bush ’s defining of alleged members of Al - Qaeda detained by the US as “ enemy combatants ” in order that they can be tried by the so - called military commissions and deprived of their legal rights .
Izenberg gave his own pseudo - legal justification for Israel ’s actions , similar in all respects to the rhetoric employed by the White House , writing : “ The laws of war deal almost exclusively with regular armies fighting one another .
There are no international rules of the game for a war against terrorism .
Unless and until that changes , Israel essentially has not [ sic ] choice but to create its own laws , for better or for worse . ”
Hamas described Israel ’s move as a “ declaration of war . ”
“ They aim to starve our people and force them to accept humiliating formulas that could emerge from the so - called November peace conference , ” said a spokesman .
The media has stressed that Israel ’s moves were an embarrassment and a surprise for Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who was in Israel at the beginning of a Middle East tour to drum up support for the November Peace Conference announced by President George Bush .
A senior US official stated , “ We did not know about this particular decision beforehand , ” while Rice herself insisted that the November conference “ has to , in a substantive way , support ” efforts to “ lay the foundations for the negotiation of a Palestinian state as soon as possible . ”
Whether Israel ’s moves were a surprise is hard to believe , given the close collaboration between Washington and Tel Aviv .
They were so clearly provocative and illegal that denial of foreknowledge by the US was required , but Rice , speaking alongside Israeli Tzipi Livni , nevertheless endorsed the action .
“ Hamas is indeed a hostile entity .
It is a hostile entity to the US as well , ” Rice said .
This only reinforces Israel ’s efforts to equate the entire population of Gaza with Hamas — a fact changed not one iota by her pledge to “ not abandon the innocent Palestinian in Gaza ” and to “ make every effort to deal with their humanitarian needs . ”
Such differences as do exist between Israel and the US are tactical in character .
The Bush administration is keen to pave the way for Abbas to sign up to some kind of rotten settlement with Israel sometime following the November conference .
Israel ’s actions make that increasingly difficult , reinforcing the popular view of him as a stooge and a traitor .
That is why Abbas was forced to condemn Israel ’s plan as an “ oppressive decision ” that “ will only strengthen the choking embargo imposed on 1.5 million people in the Gaza Strip , increase their suffering and deepen their tragedy . ”
Palestinian Information Minister Riyad al - Malki added that “ We are going to ask the Americans to pressure Israel to refrain from taking such action . ”
The Jerusalem Post ’s West Bank and Gaza correspondent Khaled Abu Toameh called the government ’s actions a “ decision that will backfire ” because it would rally “ more Palestinians around Hamas and other radical groups , ” while they would “ vent their frustration and despair against Israel and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah faction . ”
Where Toameh is wrong is to assume that this is not the government ’s desired outcome .
For years , Israel insisted that it had no negotiating “ partner for peace . ”
Even after the death of Yasser Arafat , it took the same attitude — to Hamas and also Abbas — based on the claim that he had not moved with sufficient resolve against Hamas .
This stance is no longer possible , but this does not mean that an agreement will be struck .
Abbas is indeed a US stooge , and it is in Israel ’s interests to collaborate with him in suppressing Hamas and all resistance amongst the Palestinians .
However , it has no intention of rewarding Abbas by granting some form of state , however truncated .
Toameh himself quotes a senior Abbas adviser complaining , “ The Israeli government is doing everything to embarrass us and make us look bad in the eyes of our people , ” and paraphrasing Abbas himself as saying , “ How can I go and talk peace with Israel while hundreds of thousands of Palestinians are living without water and electricity ?
My people will never support me or any deal I bring back . ”
It would be more correct to say that there is no deal for him to “ bring back , ” given that Israel is determined to permanently annex the whole of East Jerusalem and all the major settlement blocks on the West Bank .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has stressed repeatedly that Israel and the Palestinians are working on a “ joint declaration , ” rather than an accord of principles .
It would be a mistake to believe that sabotaging a negotiated settlement is as far as the government wants to push hostilities against Gaza .
Several commentators have noted that it would be reluctant to take military action at a time of escalating tensions with Syria to the north .
However , that only counts as to timing — delaying things until possibly after the November summit — and not to intent .
Calls to cut off Gaza ’s electricity were once the province of the most right - wing parties .
Now , it has become government policy .
There is every possibility that the government will take military action in due course .
The Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) is already mounting constant operations against Hamas and other groups in refugee camps in the West Bank city of Nablus .
On Thursday , dozens of tanks , bulldozers and jeeps moved 1.5 kilometres into Gaza .
During the security cabinet discussions , Olmert and Defence Minister Ehud Barak both said that the time was not yet right for full - scale military action .
However , Barak added that “ every day that passes brings us closer to an operation in Gaza ; we will decide on the means of an operation and the goals when the time comes . ”
The Jerusalem Post ’s correspondent with the IDF , Yaakov Katz , made clear his belief that that time will come sooner rather than later .
He described the security cabinet ’s decisions as “ only an attempt by Israel to delay what everyone in the IDF has realised is inevitable — a large - scale ground operation . ”
He cites the IDF ’s Southern Command and Major General Yoav Galant as having been “ pushing for a massive operation for the past year . ”
A high - ranking defence official explains , “ The first step is to weaken Hamas ’s ability to govern .
If that does n’t work , then the second stage will be to weaken Hamas physically . ”
Some Defence officials have already made clear their view that the actions taken against the Gaza Strip do not go far enough .
Major General Yosef Mishlav , the coordinator of government activities in the territories , had asked for special permission to appear before the security cabinet .
He said by not cutting off supplies altogether , Israel was still allowing Hamas to govern .
The only way to really pressure Hamas was to completely cut off supplies and allow a humanitarian crisis to develop , he insisted .
Republicans ’ bizarre visions of healthcare
Karen Tumulty notes that Rudy Giuliani — who not only received free , taxpayer - financed healthcare when diagnosed with cancer , but also “ recently turned around his chartered jet to seek emergency medical treatment ” — was asked why Republican presidential hopefuls are n’t talking about healthcare in their campaigns .
“ I suspect that our Democratic colleagues would get that question more often in a Democratic audience than we get in a Republican audience , ” he said .
“ Maybe more Democrats are concerned about their health care than Republicans , maybe because Republicans have health care or maybe Republicans generally like the idea of private solutions . ”
It ’s a reminder that when it comes to Giuliani ’s capacity to sound like a buffoon , there are no limits .
But more importantly , it ’s also a reminder of why Republican candidates really are n’t talking about healthcare in their campaigns : they know their plans do n’t help people .
Workers like [ Dena Roach , who can barely afford her employer - subsidized premiums ] want insurance that stays affordable , and the Republican presidential candidates say the best way is to give individuals tax breaks to help pay for coverage .
Critics , including Democrats who advocate a broader government role , say these plans wo n’t hold down rising costs , much less put a dent in the 47 million uninsured Americans .
“ As laid out , the candidates ’ proposals do n’t fully address the problems of affordability , access to coverage and cost , ” Roberton Williams , principal research associate at the Washington - based Tax Policy Center , a joint venture of the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution , said in a Dec. 24 interview .
So , when it comes to GOP healthcare plans , if you overlook the fact that the uninsured will stay that way , and those with insurance will still struggle with exorbitant costs , and the fact that tax credits wo n’t stop insurers from raising rates , then sure , the Republicans are offering great policies .
What ’s more , it ’s worth remembering this LAT piece from a month ago in which we learned that Giuliani , McCain , and Fred Thompson could be denied healthcare insurance under their own healthcare plans .
All three have offered proposals with the stated aim of helping the 47 million people in the U.S. who have no health insurance , including those with preexisting medical conditions .
But under the plans all three have put forward , cancer survivors such as themselves could not be sure of getting coverage — especially if they were not already covered by a government or job - related plan and had to seek insurance as individuals .
“ Unless it ’s in a state that has very strong consumer protections , they would likely be denied coverage , ” said economist Paul Fronstin of the Employee Benefit Research Institute , who has reviewed the candidates ’ proposals .
“ People with preexisting conditions would not be able to get coverage or would not be able to afford it . ”
It offers a helpful contrast between the downsides of the two parties ’ approaches to healthcare .
The problem with the Dems ’ plans is that they ’re expensive .
The problem with the Republicans ’ policies is that sick people of modest means ca n’t get health insurance .
The Republican presidential hopefuls seem to realize that their plans leave millions of vulnerable Americans behind , but also realize that the alternative is government regulation — specifically , telling insurers that they ca n’t exclude people with pre-existing conditions , and ca n’t price these people out of coverage .
Given a choice between a large gap of uninsured and government - imposed safeguards for Americans , the GOP candidates prefer the prior .
I have to assume that any voter who cares about healthcare and backs Republican candidates just is n’t paying attention .
OSS検索ライブラリ のLuceneおよびそのサブプロジェクト（Solr/Tika/Mahoutなど）について
スポンサーサイト 一定期間更新がないため広告を表示しています | スポンサードリンク | - | | - | - |
A laptop under US$ 100 could reach desks if a new venture formed by former chief technology officer of One Laptop Per Child , Mary Lou Jepsen , can deliver on its promises .
A " spin-out " from OLPC , the company , Pixel Qi is looking to create a $ 75 laptop and trying to advance low - cost computers and power - efficient laptops , mobile phones and other consumer electronics that are sunlight readable , Jepsen wrote on the company 's Web site .
Jepsen left OLPC two weeks ago to commercialize technologies she invented with OLPC , she said in an e-mail to the IDG News Service at the time .
A patent lists Jepsen as one of the inventors of a display system optimized for low - power operation .
" Spinning out from OLPC enables the development of a new machine , beyond the XO [ laptop ] , while leveraging a larger market for new technologies , " Jepsen wrote .
There is a big commercial market for technology spawned by OLPC , Jepsen wrote .
Prices for next - generation hardware can be brought down by allowing multiple uses of key technology advances , she wrote .
The company will continue to work with OLPC by providing products at cost , and it will sell devices at a profit to commercial organizations .
A similar promise to introduce a low - cost laptop came from OLPC , when it launched the $ 100 XO laptop in 2005 .
Since then , the effort has been afflicted by production delays and rising costs , which caused the laptop 's estimated price to rise to $ 200 .
It is now beset by waning orders and competition from commercial vendors that threaten to sideline the nonprofit effort .
As CTO , Jepsen was responsible for hardware development for the rugged and power - saving XO laptop , designed for use by children in developing countries .
Though the laptop has struggled to find buyers , it has been praised for its environmentally friendly design and innovative display , hardware and networking features .
Her departure from OLPC spawned a debate , with critics charging that Jepsen was taking advantage of OLPC 's nonprofit inventions for personal gains , but supporters shot back , saying it was the right time for her to leave a sinking ship .
Jepsen , who is attending the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , was not available for comment .
The shape of the new American housing market  the post - bubble market  is starting to emerge .
It is one that favors the young who never owned a house and the banks that have access to cheap deposits .
It may be harshest on the two coasts , where both distress and a newfound lack of mobility may be on the increase .
The ideal home buyer now  in a reverse of what was true for years  is a renter who is not burdened with a house .
Such a buyer will need a down payment from somewhere , and he or she will need enough income to meet the monthly payments for the foreseeable future , including any increase in adjustable rates that seems probable .
But not owning a home , which may be hard to sell , is a big plus .
A year ago , having a home that had appreciated in value meant that an owner could trade up to a more expensive home .
Now it means that the homeowner cannot move until the old home is sold , and that is getting more difficult .
First , the seller has to find a buyer who can get a mortgage .
Second , the price has to be high enough to pay off the old mortgage and leave enough cash for the down payment on a new home .
Both were taken for granted a year ago .
In many markets , neither is a sure thing now .
Modern Bedroom Furniture
Whenever the word modern or contemporary is used for furniture , we usually think of words like clean and streamlined because these are common features which can be found in almost all modern furniture .
Nowadays , people prefer modern platform beds for their bedroom .
These days this contemporary bedroom furniture has become the status symbol for families .
The most important recent news concerning health & health care : healty life - style , health food , health insurance , men's & women 's health , health secrets & tips etc .
WhichBookFirst.com helps you decide which of an author 's books to read first .
WhichBookFirst.com ( formerly DebbiesIdea.com ) is a free , noncommercial public service created by people who love books .
Here , you can get help deciding which book to read first by an author you have n't read before OR can help another reader by recommending where to start reading a writer whose work you know well .
( How did this website come about ?
See About page . )
SEARCH for a specific author you are curious about reading or wish to recommend .
BROWSE a list of AUTHORS to get ideas about what to read next .
BROWSE by GENRE to find books in a style you enjoy .
To post a comment or make a recommendation about which book to read first , or to add a new author or book , please register here .
WhichBookFirst.com is a noncommercial site .
There is no cost to the user at any time .
If you are already registered , please log in above .
For information on why it is necessary to log in to add to the site , click here . " ... [ N] othing that I previously experienced warned me about the invasion into your life that having children entails .
The immense intimacy you have with them , the way in which your own temperament and mood are , so to speak , woven into theirs , such that your own worst sides are no longer something you can keep to yourself , hidden , but seem to take shape outside you , and are then hurled back .
The same of course applies to your best sides . "
-- KARL OVE KNAUSGAARD , " MY STRUGGLE , " Book 1 Quote of the Moment :
" I 'm not interested in legalizing drugs , '' Obama said , adding that he prefers an approach that puts more emphasis on a public health approach to drugs and less emphasis on incarceration .
He said there should be more programs to keep young people from using drugs .
And he said first - time offenders should be given help to overcome their drug use instead of being locked up at massive taxpayer expense from which they emerge as unemployable ex-convicts .
" All we do is give them a master 's degree in criminology , '' Obama said . [ AP ]
The only problem with this is that there are very , very few people incarcerated for first - time drug use .
Location :
How shall I respond when a prominent politician rejects drug legalization , while in the same breath criticizing the costs and consequences of our wildly bloated criminal justice system ?
Should I condemn his tacit endorsement of the drug war or give him credit for at least recognizing a problem that so many still pretend does n’t exist ?
I guess I 'll try to do both .
Here 's what Barack Obama said when a questioner pointed out how lucky he is to have avoided arrest for his past drug use and asked if he would consider ending the drug war :
What a shame that Obama 's most forward - thinking comments on criminal justice reform must be prefaced with a rejection of the one idea that has a chance of working .
The inherent flaw in Obama 's narrow , palatable rhetoric is revealed unintentionally by The Weekly Standard 's Jonathan Last : Last goes on to laboriously downplay the persecution of first - time offenders in our criminal justice system .
It 's an outrageous attempt to argue that everyone in prison deserves to be there .
But it does have the effect of reminding us how limited Obama 's proposed reforms truly are .
The root of our drug war - fueled incarceration crisis lies in the practice of vigorously arresting and criminalizing people for having drugs .
As long as this machinery remains in place , our prison population will continue to grow exponentially .
Obama 's first - time offender focused model of criminal justice reform is like trying to drain an olympic swimming pool with a pint glass .
Meanwhile , the drug war itself continues to function as a massive black market job recruitment program ; a fully functional drug offender factory whose participants are often much more addicted to grocery money than drugs .
Treatment - focused reform strategies do n't address or even acknowledge this .
Still , it remains perfectly commonplace for proponents of partial criminal justice reform to insist that we continue imprisoning suppliers while searching for ever more suppliers to imprison , all while failing entirely to disrupt supply .
The silver lining here is that important people are becoming increasingly comfortable admitting that something is wrong .
When the reforms they 've agreed upon fail to address the problem , they can't just go back and pretend to be cool with it .
They 've promised to fix our criminal justice system and if they continue to follow the trail of clues , they will eventually find themselves face to face with the war on drugs .
( This blog post was published by StoptheDrugWar.org 's lobbying arm , the Drug Reform Coordination Network , which also shares the cost of maintaining this web site .
DRCNet Foundation takes no positions on candidates for public office , in compliance with section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue Code , and does not pay for reporting that could be interpreted or misinterpreted as doing so . )
Duane " Dog " Chapman is a Free Man
, his son Leland and brother Tim , can finally put one bad chapter behind them .
Today a Mexican appellate court judge ruled that the bounty hunters will not be charged with any crimes .
The group entered Mexico to apprehend Max Factor heir Andrew Luster , who is now serving 124 years in prison .
The problem for the three is that it is against the law to bounty hunt across the border in Mexico .
It sounds to me like they lucked out .
I cannot imagine how a bounty hunter would do in prison .
Now that this nightmare is over , I wonder if Dog can mend fences after he spewed racial slurs in a phone call to his son .
The rant , regarding his son's girlfriend , was caught on tape and became a media fiasco for Dog .
The incident cost him his TV show .
The network canceled the popular Dog the Bounty Hunter series leaving the bounty hunters without a media gig .
CNN
The war of words between United States and Tehran continued Wednesday , with President Bush repeating his assertion that Iran is “ a threat to world peace . ”
The two countries have been trading accusations since a weekend confrontation involving Iranian boats and U.S. Navy warships in the Strait of Hormuz .
The United States claims Iranian vessels deliberately sped toward its warships despite warnings to stay away .
Bush ’s criticism of Iran came Wednesday during a news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in Jerusalem .
Bush is in the region to encourage the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians .
Bush called the incident “ a very dangerous gesture ” by Iran and warned the Islamic republic against any escalation .
( Original Article )
CHILD'S PLAY After Mom 's suicide , Dad ( Robert De Niro ) moves with Emily to a remote woodland house .
That 's when the hostile '' Charlie ' ' starts making his presence felt .
Is he real ?
Is he a ghost ?
Or is he a projection of Emily 's emotionally disturbed mental state ?
CHILLING MOMENT
When a cop asks her what 's in the picture she 's drawing , Emily says , '' You . Dying . ''
WHY SHE SCARES US Ever since her starring role opposite Sean Penn in I Am Sam ( 2001 ) at age 7 , Fanning has seemed eerily like a little adult .
But her dyed - brown locks and thousand - yard stare in this movie indicated a new level of unchildlike gravity .
Listen , guys , now we know why Pamela Anderson made her transplants : to make us healthier .
" Angels of mercy " like Jordan just prolong our life and Hugh Hefner knows it .
A German research published in New England Journal of Medicine and Weekly World News said that men staring at women 's breasts in fact prolong their lives with years .
" Just 10 minutes of staring at the charms of a well - endowed female such as Baywatch actress Pamela Lee is equivalent to a 30 - minute aerobics work - out , " said author Dr. Karen Weatherby , a gerontologist .
The team led by Weatherby was made up of researchers at three hospitals in Frankfurt , Germany , and found this results after monitoring for 5 years the health of 200 male subjects , half of whom were asked to look at busty females daily , while the other half had to abstain from doing so .
For five years , the boob oglers presented a lower blood pressure , slower resting pulse rates and decreased risk of coronary artery disease .
" Sexual excitement gets the heart pumping and improves blood circulation .
There 's no question : Gazing at large breasts makes men healthier .
Our study indicates that engaging in this activity a few minutes daily cuts the risk of stroke and heart attack in half . " said Weatherby , who even recommended that men aged over 40 should spend at least 10 minutes daily admiring breasts sized " D - cup " or larger .
She said that this was as healthy as going to the gym for 30 minutes daily and prolonged a man 's life by five years .
" We believe that by doing so consistently , the average man can extend his life four to five years . " said Weatherby .
This is indeed a very serious reason for men to enjoy without shame those midnight TV shows , download low - budget women - in - prison movies and collect such instructive and health beneficial magazines like Playboy and Hustler .
Note :
This is , obviously ( and unfortunately ) , just a joke ...
" Let the Music Play " Whitepaper
The legal battles surrounding peer - to - peer ( P2P ) file sharing are a losing proposition for everyone .
The record labels continue to face sliding sales , while the tens of millions of American file sharers — American music fans — are made to feel like criminals .
Every day the collateral damage mounts — privacy at risk , innovation stymied , economic growth suppressed , and random unlucky individuals singled out for lawsuits by the recording industry .
In the meantime , the lawsuits against music fans have not put a penny into the pockets of artists .
We need a better way forward .
The Premises
First , artists and copyright holders deserve to be fairly compensated .
Second , file sharing is here to stay .
Despite all the lawsuits , P2P file sharing is more popular than ever .
And new digital technologies are just going to make copying digital music easier and cheaper every year .
Third , the fans will always do a better job making music available than the music industry .
The majority of the world 's recorded music is " out - of - print . "
Yet the fans are making it available , every day , on P2P file sharing networks and the World Wide Web .
In other words , if we want to build a Library of Alexandria for our global musical heritage , it 's the file sharing fans that will build it for us .
Fourth , any solution should minimize government intervention in favor of market forces .
Markets - driven solutions are likely to work faster , and more efficiently , than top - down government regimes .
The Proposal : Voluntary Collective Licensing
Since 2003 , EFF has championed an alternative approach that gets artists paid while making file sharing legal : voluntary collective licensing .
The concept is simple : the music industry forms several " collecting societies , " which then offer file - sharing music fans the opportunity to " get legit " in exchange for a reasonable regular payment , say a total of $ 5 - 10 per month ( after all , services like Rhapsody sell all - you - can - eat music for around $ 10 per month , so we know the rate should be below that ) .
So long as they pay , the fans are free to keep doing what they are going to do anyway — share the music they love using whatever software they like on whatever computer platform they prefer — without fear of lawsuits .
The money collected gets divided among rights - holders based on the popularity of their music .
In exchange , file - sharing music fans will be free to download and share whatever they like , using whatever software works best for them .
The more people share , the more money goes to rights - holders .
The more competition in applications , the more rapid the innovation and improvement .
The more freedom to fans to publish what they care about , the deeper the catalog .
The Precedent : Broadcast Radio
It has been done before .
By voluntarily creating collecting societies like ASCAP , BMI and SESAC , songwriters brought broadcast radio in from the copyright cold in the first half of the 20th century .
Songwriters originally viewed radio exactly the way the music industry today views KaZaA users — as pirates .
After trying to sue radio out of existence , the songwriters ultimately got together to form ASCAP ( and later BMI and SESAC ) .
Radio stations interested in broadcasting music stepped up , paid a fee , and in return got to play whatever music they liked , using whatever equipment worked best .
Today , the performing - rights societies ASCAP and BMI collect money and pay out millions annually to their artists .
Even though these collecting societies get a fair bit of criticism , there 's no question that the system that has evolved for radio is preferable to one based on trying to sue radio out of existence one broadcaster at a time .
Copyright lawyers call this voluntary collective licensing .
It 's voluntary for artists — the government does n't force them to join a collecting society , and even after they join a collecting society , they remain free to license their songs directly ( that 's why it 's not a compulsory license ) .
It 's also voluntary for the broadcasters — the government does n't force radio stations to take licenses from any PRO ( that 's why its not a tax ) .
The same thing could happen today for file - sharing : Copyright holders could get together to offer their music in a " blanket license " — an easy - to - pay , all - you - can - eat , music buffet .
We could get there without the need for changes to copyright law and with minimal government intervention .
The Money : Collecting It
Starting with just the 60 million Americans who have been using file - sharing software , a few dollars a month would net over $ 3 billion in new revenue annually to the music industry ( the total revenues of the music industry today are estimated at $ 9 billion ) .
And this should be a highly profitable revenue source — no CDs to ship , no online retailers to cut in on the deal , no payola to radio conglomerates , no percentage to Apple or anyone else .
Best of all , it 's an evergreen revenue stream — money that just keeps coming , during good times and bad , so long as fans want digital music online .
The pie grows with the growth of music sharing on the Internet , instead of shrinking .
How do we get file - sharers to pay up ?
That 's where the market comes in — those who today are under legal threat will have ample incentive to opt for a simple fee of a few dollars per month fee .
There should be as many mechanisms for payment as the market will support .
Some fans could buy it directly through a website ( after all , this was what the RIAA had in mind with its 2004 " amnesty " program for file - sharers ) .
ISPs could bundle the fee into the price of their broadband services for customers who are interested in music downloading .
( And this would allow ISPs to advertise a broadband package that includes " free downloads of all the music you want . " )
Universities could make it part of the cost of providing network services to students .
P2P file - sharing software vendors could bundle the fee into a subscription model for their software , which would neatly remove the cloud of legal uncertainty that has inhibited investment in the P2P software field .
The Money : Dividing It Up
The money collected would then be divided between artists and rights - holders based on the relative popularity of their music .
Figuring out what is popular can be accomplished through a mix of anonymously monitoring what people are sharing ( something companies like Big Champagne and BayTSP are already doing ) and recruiting volunteers to serve as the digital music equivalent of Nielsen families ( something that Last. fm subscribers are already doing ) .
Billions in television advertising dollars are divided up today using systems like this .
In a digital environment , a mix of these approaches should strike the right balance between preserving privacy and accurately estimating popularity .
The Advantages
The advantages of this approach are clear :
Artists and rights holders get paid .
What 's more , the more broadband grows , the more people will want " all - you - can - eat " music , and the more artists and copyright owners get paid , which means that the entertainment industry 's powerful lobby will be working for a big , open , and innovative Internet , instead of against it .
Government involvement is kept to a minimum .
Copyright law need not be amended , and the collecting society sets its own prices .
The market will keep the price reasonable — collecting societies make more money with a palatable price and a larger base of subscribers , than with a higher price and expensive enforcement efforts .
Broadband deployment gets a real boost .
Music file sharing — already one of the de facto " killer apps " for residential broadband — will finally be made legitimate .
New investment in digital music technologies and services .
So long as the fans are paying , technology companies can stop worrying about the impossible maze of licensing and instead focus on providing fans with the most attractive products and services in a competitive marketplace .
Rather than being limited to a handful of " authorized services " like Apple 's iTunes or Rhapsody , fans will see a marketplace filled with competing file - sharing applications and ancillary services .
A Library of Alexandria for music .
Music fans will finally have completely legal access to the virtually unlimited selection of music that the file - sharing networks have provided since the days of the original Napster .
With the cloud of litigation and " spoofing " eliminated , these networks will rapidly improve .
Artists have options .
The distribution bottleneck that has limited the opportunities of independent artists will be eliminated .
Artists can choose any road to online popularity — including , but no longer limited to , a major label contract .
So long as their songs are being shared among fans , they will be paid .
It 's not a tax .
Payment will come only from those who are interested in downloading music , only so long as they are interested in downloading .
How does this help artists ?
Artists benefit in at least three ways .
First , artists will now be paid for the file sharing that has become a fact of digital life .
Second , independent artists no longer need a record deal with a major label to reach large numbers of potential fans — so long as you have any fans who are sharing your music online , others will be able to access your music on equal footing with major label content .
In other words , digital distribution will be equally available to all artists .
Third , when it comes to promotion , artists will be able to use any mechanism they like , rather than having to rely on major labels to push radio play .
Anything that makes your works popular among file sharers gets you paid .
There would still be a role for the record industry – many artists will still want help with promotion , talent development , and other supportive services .
With more options for artists to choose from , the contracts will be more balanced than the one - sided deals offered to most artists today .
What about antitrust ?
Because a collective licensing solution will depend on a small number of collecting societies issuing blanket licenses covering all ( or nearly all ) music copyrights , there may need to be some antitrust regulation to ensure that they do not collude in abusive ways .
Both ASCAP and BMI , for example , have been subject to a court - administered antitrust consent decree for many decades ( SESAC , the smallest PRO , is not subject to the decree ) .
In the alternative , Congress could grant these collecting societies an antitrust exception , if other mechanisms can be counted on to hold anticompetitive activity in check .
How do we ensure accurate division of the money ?
Transparency will be critical — the collecting societies must hold their books open for artists , copyright holders , and the public to examine .
There are examples of similar collecting societies in the music industry , such as ASCAP and SoundExchange .
We should learn from , and improve upon , their example .
Giving artists a bigger voice should help ensure that their concerns with the current collecting societies are addressed .
When it comes to actually figuring out relative popularity , we need to balance the desire for perfect " census - like " accuracy with the need to preserve privacy .
A system based on sampling strikes a good balance between these goals .
On the one hand , in a public P2P network , it is relatively easy to find out what people are sharing .
Big Champagne already does this , compiling a " Top 10 " for the P2P networks .
This kind of monitoring does not compromise user privacy , since this monitoring does not tie songs shared to individually identifiable information .
At the same time , this general network monitoring can be complemented by closer monitoring of volunteers who serve as the " Nielsen families " of P2P ( Last .
FM is an example of a large group of volunteers whose listening habits are recorded with their permission ) .
By combining these two methods , it should be possible to attain a high degree of accuracy , protect privacy , and prevent " cheating . "
What if the music industry wo n't do it ?
The music industry has never been enthusiastic about a system that entails losing control over the distribution of music .
But after a decade of fighting the future , the music industry is running out of other options .
CD sales are in serious decline , and digital downloads are not offsetting the losses .
Ringtone revenues are leveling off .
And despite the industry 's lawyers having targeting more than 30,000 college students , parents , and music fans for lawsuits , file sharing is more popular than ever .
There are signs that even record label executives realize that they need a " Plan B " if they want to prosper in the future .
Warner Music , for example , has indicated a willingness to consider blanket collective licensing options through ISPs .
Universal Music has expressed some interest in blanket licensing in order to create music players that offer " all you can eat " music to their owners .
They are finally beginning to come around .
What about artists who wo n't join ?
How do we gather all the rights ?
Artists and rights holders would have the choice to join a collecting society , and thereby collect their portion of the fees collected , or to remain outside the system .
Those who choose not to join , however , may have no practical way to receive compensation for the file sharing that will inevitably continue .
Assuming a critical mass of major music copyright owners joins a collecting society , the vast majority of smaller copyright owners will have a strong incentive to join , just as virtually all professional songwriters opt to join ASCAP , BMI or SESAC .
The complexity of music industry contracts and history make it very difficult for record labels and music publishers to be sure what rights they control .
Accordingly , by joining the collecting society , copyright owners will not be asked to itemize rights , but will instead simply covenant not to sue those who pay the blanket license fee .
In this way , music fans and innovators are not held back by the internal contractual squabbles that plague the music industry .
What about file sharers who wo n't pay ?
The vast majority of file sharers would be willing to pay a reasonable fee for the freedom and peace of mind to download whatever they like , using whatever software suits them .
In addition to those who would opt to take a license if given the opportunity , many more will likely have their license fees paid by intermediaries , like ISPs , universities , and software vendors .
So long as the fee is reasonable , effectively invisible to fans , and does not restrict their freedom , the vast majority of file sharers will opt to pay rather than engage in complex evasion efforts .
So long as " free - riding " can be limited to a relatively small percentage of file sharers , it should not pose a serious risk to a collective licensing system .
After all , today artists and copyright owners are paid nothing for file sharing — it should be easy to do much better than that with a collective licensing system .
Copyright holders ( and perhaps the collecting society itself ) would continue to be entitled to enforce their rights against " free- loaders . "
Instead of threatening them with ruinous damages , however , the collecting society can offer stragglers the opportunity to pay a fine and get legal .
This is exactly what collecting societies like ASCAP do today .
What about other countries ?
Non-U.S. rights holders would , of course , be welcome to join the collecting society for their fair share of the fees collected from American file sharers .
As for file sharers in other countries , there is every reason to believe that if a collective licensing approach is successful in the U.S. , it will receive a warm welcome and enthusiastic imitation abroad .
A relatively small number of countries today account for almost all of the revenues of the music industry .
So establishing a collective licensing system in just a few countries could turn around the downward spiral in music industry revenues .
The music industry already has an international " clearing " system for apportioning payments between countries .
What about the authorized music services ?
The " authorized music services " like Apple 's iTunes and Napster 2.0 would be free to compete against the P2P services , just as they do today .
In addition , they could themselves adopt elements of P2P architectures , thereby dramatically expanding the music inventories they could offer music fans .
What 's to stop the music industry from charging sky - high fees ?
The enforcement costs faced by a collecting society for file sharing will keep prices in line .
After all , if the society attempts to charge too much , intermediaries wo n't be able to bundle the fees into the cost of their products ( $ 5 / mo . license on a $ 50 / mo .
broadband account makes sense ; trying to tack $ 100 / mo.
license , in contrast , wo n't work ) and file sharers will likely rebel in droves .
History teaches this lesson : when movie studios charged $ 90 for a VHS movie , they faced widespread piracy .
They learned that , by lowering prices , they made more money and eliminated much of the piracy problem .
In other words , reasonable pricing makes the system work for everyone .
What about movies , software , video games , and other digital content ?
The music industry is the only industry that appears to be unable to adjust their business models to take file sharing into account .
And it is the music industry that has been leading the way in suing ISPs , software companies , and individual music fans .
The movie industry , in contrast , is having some of its most profitable years in history .
The software and video game industries also continue to show strong growth and profitability .
Each one of these industries has taken steps to adapt their business models to the realities of file sharing .
Of course , if other industries want to form voluntary collecting societies and offer blanket licenses to file sharers , there is nothing to stop them from doing so .
Individuals would then be free to purchase the license if they were interested in downloading these materials from the file - sharing networks .
News broke this week that former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan is not only publishing a book on his experiences , but is also adding some insights to the Plame leak scandal .
Indeed , his publisher released a six - sentence excerpt , that drew all kinds of attention .
Most media reports interpreted this to mean that McClellan was implicating Bush and Cheney directly in the leak and subsequent cover - up .
The problem with the six - sentence excerpt , however , is that ’s rather vague .
McClellan “ unknowingly passed along false information , ” but that ’s been his line all along .
Bush and Cheney were “ involved ” in his inadvertent falsehoods , but what does “ involved ” mean , exactly ?
Apparently , not nearly as much as White House critics had hoped .
" There 's no suggestion in the book that the president deliberately lied and sent him to the podium to tell people something that was n't true .
But it 's pretty clear Scott went into battle without proper body armor , " said Peter Osnos , founder and editor at large of PublicAffairs Books .
" Scott 's not suggested that the president was himself party to a conspiracy to mislead .
But it 's pretty damn clear that other people knew what they had done and did n't tell the truth , " Osnos said .
In other words , McClellan is n’t going to implicate Bush in the scandal ; he ’s going to exonerate Bush ’s role in the entire fiasco .
Typical .
Listing would set in motion a series of automatic sanctions that would make it easier for the United States to block financial accounts and other assets controlled by the guard .
In particular , the action would freeze any assets the guard has in the United States , although it is unlikely that the guard maintains much in the way of assets in American banks or other institutions .
In the internal debate over American policy toward Iran , Ms. Rice has succeeded over the last year in holding the Bush administration to a diplomatic course in which America and five other world powers have used the Security Council to impose sanctions to try to get Tehran to suspend its enrichment of uranium .
Image Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Irans supreme leader , at a ceremony with Revolutionary Guard members in Tehran in November .
Credit ... Mohammad Berno / Document Iran , via Atlas Press
But in recent months , there has been resurgent debate within the administration about whether the diplomatic path is working , with aides to Vice President Dick Cheney said to be among those pushing for greater consideration of military options .
The debate has been kindled by reports from international inspectors detailing Iran ’s progress in its nuclear program , including the installation of more than 1,000 centrifuges to enrich uranium , as well as the assertions from American intelligence officials about an Iranian role in providing arms and other support to Shiite militias in Iraq and to Taliban militants in Afghanistan .
Iran has repeatedly denied that it is seeking to build nuclear weapons , that it is helping in any way to facilitate attacks on American troops in Iraq or that it is shipping any weapons to the Taliban , a group Iran opposed in the 1990s .
On Tuesday , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad again dismissed American complaints that Iran is providing weapons to the Taliban .
Speaking in Kabul , Afghanistan , after talks with President Hamid Karzai , he said Iran was “ fully supporting ” its new government .
Mr. Karzai played down the dispute over the weapons shipments , as he did during a visit to the White House this month .
He said that Afghanistan and Iran were “ brothers ” and that both the United States and Iran were helping reconstruct his country .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Back in 1976 , Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak built the Apple I , an early personal computer that consisted of a circuit board in a simple wooden box .
Debby Lee of Taiwan 's Asustek Computer Inc. media relations holds an Ecobook made partly from bamboo in San Francisco , California , December 10 , 2007 .
Taiwan 's Asustek Computer Inc. is finding potential beauty , and sales , in an eco-friendly notebook PC encased in natural material : bamboo .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
Apple Inc AAPL.O and other computer makers went on to make advanced PCs in metal and plastic casings , but now Taiwan 's Asustek Computer Inc 2357 .
TW is finding potential beauty -- and sales -- in an eco-friendly notebook PC encased in another natural material : bamboo .
The Asus Eco Book , as it ’s dubbed , has a case made of laminated bamboo strips available in different shades .
Harvesting bamboo , an abundant , flexible , durable and fast - growing grass , is unlikely to harm the environment as processing wood from trees might , Asustek said , although glues and laminates for shaping and fortifying the material sometimes contain toxins .
The product is still in the prototype stage and engineers are checking to see if bamboo is suitable for laptops , which have to endure extreme conditions while allowing heat from microprocessors and monitors to escape .
The Eco book is a new tack for a company that caters to executives and other high - end users with its calf leather - bound notebooks and faux alligator - skin models .
“ Originally we came out with a leather model style - book , ” said Cher Chronis , director of marketing communication for Asus Computer International , the Taipei - based company ’s U.S. unit .
“ It was very popular , ” she said .
“ After that , it was kind of natural for us to experiment with other types of materials , so we decided to go green . ”
Asustek says its leather notebooks have not been criticized by animal - rights activists and that the Eco book is not meant to assuage critics .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
BAMBOO MICE , KEYBOARDS
While just about all big computer makers are taking steps to make technology more environmentally friendly , Asustek is one of the first to unveil a bamboo - encased computer .
Some niche companies geared toward eco-conscious consumers offer bamboo computer mice , keyboards and monitor frames .
“ As part of a portfolio of case choices , it makes sense , ” said Roger Kay , president of PC market researcher Endpoint Technologies Associates Inc .
“ I do n’t think the computer is going to go over to wooden casing , ” Kay said .
“ It ’s ecological to grow it , but my sense is there ’s probably more show than substance to the claim of sustainable manufacturing . ”
While plastic casings often contain toxins like polyvinyl chloride , or PVC , the bigger environmental threats come from lead in cathode ray tube monitors
All major manufacturers , such as Hewlett - Packard Co HPQ.N , the world 's largest PC maker , Dell Inc DELL.O , the No. 2 , Apple as well as Asian rivals Lenovo Group Ltd 0992.HK and Acer Inc 2353 .TW , have programs to reduce energy consumption , recycle components and reduce hazardous materials in computers .
Consumers and businesses are expected to buy about 260 million PCs this year , a 12 percent jump from 2006 ’s level , according to market researcher IDC .
Growth is being fueled by surging demand for notebook computers .
With so many computers being sold , and an estimated 500 million computers hitting obsolescence in the United States alone in the past 10 years , PC accessory makers are going green , too .
PVC-FREE
Laptop computer case and accessory maker Targus Inc recently introduced its environmentally - friendly Grove laptop cases , made of recyclable plastics , nickel - free hardware and PVC - free material .
Targus teamed up with the Texas - based computer maker last month to sell its cases on Dell ’s Web site and will donate a portion of its Dell - sold cases to Dell ’s “ Plant a tree for me ” program , which allows consumers to make donations to plant trees to offset the carbon impact of electricity for running their computers .
Dell and Lenovo plan to eliminate PVC and brominated flame retardants , or BFRs , another potential hazard , from their new products by 2009 , and Dell requires its parts suppliers to meet environmental targets such as carbon - emission reductions .
Apple says it plans to eliminate the use of PVC and BFRs from all its products by the end of next year .
The major computer companies including Apple and Dell also have programs to recycle discarded PCs and monitors .
By 2010 , Apple expects to recycle 19 million pounds of so - called e-waste per year , or about 30 percent of the product weight it sold seven years earlier .
HP said it is on schedule to meet a goal of recycling 1 billion pounds of equipment and supplies by the end of this year .
Asustek , while small compared with HP , Dell and other heavyweights , says its size enables it to design , manufacture , market and distribute PCs on its own , allowing it to get new ideas like the bamboo PC to market faster .
“ If it does get to the point where we do find a model that meets all the engineering requirements and allows green computing , we will release it , ” the company ’s Chronis said .
“ Everybody loves the Eco book .
It ’s a beautiful computer . ”
The usually dim Comet 17P Holmes blazes away in this Oct. 25 image from the observatory ( Harvard MPC H45 ) at Petit Jean Mountain in Arkansas .
The comet continued to brighten overnight and reached magnitude 2.0 , approaching the brilliance of some of the brightest stars .
A comet that suddenly brightened earlier this week has astronomers around the globe fascinated .
And the show could go on for some time .
Comet Holmes , discovered in 1892 , had in recent years been visible only through telescopes until a dramatic outburst made it visible to the naked eye .
In fewer than 24 hours , it brightened by a factor of nearly 400,000 .
It has now brightened by a factor of a million times what it was before the outburst , a change " absolutely unprecedented in the annals of cometary astronomy , " said Joe Rao , SPACE.com 's Skywatching Columnist .
The comet is now rivaling some of the brighter stars in the sky .
Anyone with a map should be able to spot it now .
But Comet Holmes lacks a tail , so it 's more like a fuzzy , yellow star , observers report .
The view is improved with a small telescope .
" This is a terrific outburst , " said Brian Marsden , director emeritus of the Minor Planet Center , which tracks known comets and asteroids .
" And since it does n't have a tail right now , some observers have confused it with a nova .
We 've had at least two reports of a new star . "
The comet could fade in a matter of days or weeks , according to a statement from the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
Comet expert John Bortle expects the comet to continue as a naked - eye object for the next few weeks as it dims gradually .
Bortle said the coma , or fuzzy head of the comet , could expand as weeks go by .
The coma could reach the apparent size of the moon in the sky , he said .
The comet is located among the stars of the constellation Perseus , which is about halfway up in the northeast sky in the evening .
Perseus is almost directly overhead by around 2 a.m. local daylight time and remains well up in the northwest at dawn .
" The comet was plainly visible , disturbing the normal pattern of stars that make up Perseus , " Rao said after observiing it last night .
The comet orbits the Sun once every seven years at a distance of about 200 million miles ( compared to Earth 's 93 - million - mile orbit ) .
It was re-observed in 1899 and 1906 before being lost for nearly six decades .
Based on a prediction by Marsden , the comet was found again in 1964 .
" Since then , it 's been behaving well — until now , " Marsden said .
Astronomers do n't know why the outburst occurred .
NAIROBI , Kenya  Melitus Mugabe
Were , a freshman member of Parliament , could have been one of the keys to unlocking Kenya ’s crisis , but he never got the chance .
He was a moderate opposition politician , a self - made businessman who grew up in a slum , and he bridged the ethnic divide .
His wife is from another ethnic group , and as Kenya slid into chaos this past month after a disputed election , he shuttled between different communities and tried to organize a peace march .
On Tuesday morning , as he pulled up to the gate of his home , Mr. Were was dragged out of his car and shot to death .
“ Whoever did this , ” said Elizabeth Mwangi , a friend , “ has killed the dreams of many . ”
The details are still sketchy , but the shooting appears to have been a planned murder , not a robbery .
Word spread fast and led to violence , with opposition supporters rioting across Nairobi , the capital .
SCM stands for Source Code Management .
Pretty much the same thing can be called VCS , Version Control Software .
Perhaps even more TLA ’s are there out in the wild .
It all boils down to a program which allows programmers to manage their source code .
Pretty much everybody who started using SCM , started with CVS and then moved to something else .
Probably Subversion , which is meant to be a CVS replacement .
For more adventurous or demanding developers , there are many other SCM’s : Git , Bazaar , Monotone , Mercurial , Darcs … and more .
Mark Shuttleworth has written an interesting thing : that file and directory renaming is one of the most important operations to be handled with an SCM .
I got curious and wrote a test case for three SCM ’s I know : Bazaar , Git and Subversion .
The scenario is :
1 . A project is created , with one directory and one file in it .
`-- project `-- dir-a `-- foo.txt
2. Developer A creates a branch and renames the directory
`-- project `-- dir-b `-- foo.txt
3 . At the same time , developer B creates a branch , modifies the file
and adds another file to the directory .
`-- project `-- dir-a |-- bar.txt `-- foo.txt
4. Developer C creates a branch , merges A ’s changes first and then B’s
changes .
What I would expect as the result after two merges , is one
directory with two files in it .
`-- project `-- dir-b |-- bar.txt `-- foo.txt
From the three tested SCM ’s only Bazaar and Darcs got it right .
Git would leave two directories ( dir - a and dir - b ) , and Subversion would discard the bar . txt file altogether .
I wrote test case for the three SCM ’s I ’m familiar with .
If you feel like writing a test case for your SCM , I will be glad to see it !
Meanwhile , you can download the test cases and run them :
http://code.blizinski.pl/scm-rename-test.tar.gz
They are written as Bash scripts and are tested under Linux .
README file is included .
UPDATE : Dennis Lambe added Darcs test case .
I am pleased to tell you that Darcs handles the directory rename in the correct way : after merge , there is one directory with two files .
Dennis ’ file is currently included in the tarball .
UPDATE : I ’ve noticed a short conversation about this issue on # git IRC channel .
No conclusions were drawn .
UPDATE , 2007-09 - 10 : Paul wrote Mercurial test case , now included in the tar.gz archive .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
We hate to see these because a totaled Tesla Roadster is enough to make us cry , but we know it 's for the greater good .
Yesterday we told you the Roadster has passed all of the federal Department of Transportation crash tests and other hurdles and goes into production March 17 .
To give you an idea of what 's involved and how the Tesla performed , Malcolm Powell , the company 's vice president of vehicle integration , posted some pics over at his blog , where he said :
...how did the final certification tests go ?
Well , I still have some hair and it ’s not all grey .
Thanks to great design , structural analysis , build quality and well run test management , we have successfully completed the entire suite of dynamic impact testing to meet both FMVSS
and , as importantly , our own very strenuous internal performance targets .
Powell offers a detailed rundown on the tests - which cover not only crash durability , but window defrosters , mirrors and 38 other things - and says the Tesla passed with flying colors .
Pics courtesy of Tesla Motors .
If you want Cheney impeachment hearings to start there has never been a better time to say so .
Sign this IMPEACHMENT PETITION initiated by House Judiciary Committee members Wexler ( D - FL ) , Baldwin ( D - WI ) and Gutierrez ( D - IL ) TODAY !
Eight total members of the House Judiciary Committee have either co-signed House Resolution 333 to impeach Vice President Cheney and / or co-authored this current appeal for impeachment including Rep. Steve Cohen ( D - TN ) , Rep. Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) , Rep. Sheila Jackson - Lee ( D - TX ) , Rep. Hank Johnson ( D - GA ) , Rep. Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) .
Clearly the House Judiciary is on the brink of possibly initiating impeachment hearings with more than one third of its Democratic members publicly committed to supporting impeachment of the Vice President .
A call to the office of Committee Chairman John Conyers Jr. ( D - MI ) by an IFP member on this topic was told that the current impeachment bill H.R. 799 “ is in special discussion ” , and that now is the time that we should be calling our Representatives ” .
Happy Holidays .
Give the gift that keeps on giving .
Impeach and remove from office War Criminal and War Profiteer Vice President Richard B. Cheney .
Newly designed solar cells can be screen - printed in a wide array of colors and patterns to allow them to be attractively incorporated into building design .
The solar cells also can be used on windows , providing shading from glare while generating electricity .
The key component of the new modules is an organic dye which in combination with nanoparticles converts sunlight into electricity .
Due to the small size of the nanoparticles , the modules are semi-transparent .
This aspect makes them well suited for façade integration .
The new solar cells are being developed by members of the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE , who will be presenting their new technology in Tokyo at Nanotech 2008 , the world ’s largest trade fair for nanotechnology .
The solar module prototype is amber in color .
It is possible , however , to produce the modules in other colors , or even to print images or text on the module so that it serves as a decorative element .
These design options open up an entirely new range of possible applications .
Instead of mounting the solar module on the roof of a building , the electricity producer could be integrated into windows .
Used in this way , the new technology not only prohibits direct sunlight from entering the building interior but also generates electricity at the same time .
“ We do n’t see the dye solar cell as being a rival to the conventional silicon cell , ” says Fraunhofer ISE physicist Andreas Hinsch .
The module prototypes only achieve an efficiency of four percent , which is not sufficient for rooftop applications in comparison to the performance of crystalline silicon solar cells .
On the other hand , dye solar cells have a clear advantage when it comes to façade integration .
The wafer - thin electricity - generating film , which lies between two glass panes , is produced from nanoparticles and applied using screen printing technique .
This technique makes it possible to integrate any desired image on the module .
A glass facade made of this material can be given a decorative and promotionally effective design , such as a colorful company logo , and delivers electricity into the bargain .
The dye solar module is still a prototype .
The Fraunhofer researchers have developed it together with industry partners in the ColorSol project funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research BMBF .
One particular challenge posed by the new technology is that the narrow gap between the two glass panes must be hermetically sealed so that no air can get in and destroy the reactive substances inside .
The Fraunhofer experts have come up with a special solution to this problem .
Instead of using polymeric glue like their competitors , they have decided to work with glass frit .
To this end , glass powder is screen - printed onto the panes , and fuses with them at a temperature of around 600 degrees Celcius .
Fatigue tests under various weather conditions have shown that the solar cells still function properly even after several thousand hours .
The long - term stability as such , however , has yet to be officially certified .
In case you ’re new to the series I ’ve compiled a list of ten data modeling mistakes that I see over and over that I ’m tackling one by one .
...
I admit , I ca n’t remember the singular event that conspired to the creation of this bacon vodka .
It came to life this Christmas and found home in a tasting kit of vodkas I made for friends and family .
If you have time , bacon and vodka , you too can have this tasty elixir in your hands .
What to do with it you ask ?
You can give it away as a gift , use it in a Bloody Mary , Make a Bastardized Cloudy Martini ( a real martini does n’t have vodka ) with it and a blue cheese stuffed olive .
I have n’t tried this one , but I can recognize the appeal of a Pickle Juice Sport made with bacon vodka ( that ’s pickle juice mixed with vodka ) .
It is also wonderful when mixed with date syrup for a sweet bacon cordial .
It can also be poured into a spray bottle and used to spritz just a touch of smoky bacon flavor to salads , toasts or stews … wherever you want to add a touch of flavor .
Perhaps a dab behind the ears ?
Bacon Vodka
makes up one pint
Fry up three strips of bacon .
Add cooked bacon to a clean pint sized mason jar .
Trim the ends of the bacon if they are too tall to fit in the jar .
Or you could go hog wild and just pile in a bunch of fried up bacon scraps .
Optional : add crushed black peppercorns .
Fill the jar up with vodka .
Cap and place in a dark cupboard for at least three weeks .
That ’s right - I did n’t refrigerate it .
At the end of the three week resting period , place the bacon vodka in the freezer to solidify the fats .
Strain out the fats through a coffee filter to yield a clear filtered pale yellow bacon vodka .
Decant into decorative bottles and enjoy .
By PAUL SIMS
Last updated at 10:51 07 January 2008
It is n't unknown for neighbours to move in on next door 's parking space .
But they usually wait until the other car has gone first .
Billy Dent , 77 , broke with tradition by accidentally driving his red Toyota on to the top of the white Vauxhall Vectra parked outside the home of next - door neighbours Michael and Louise Taylor .
Scroll down for more
He is thought to have got his foot stuck between the pedals of his automatic car , reversed into a lamppost which collapsed on top of the
Vectra , then used it as a ramp to travel half way up it before coming to a halt .
Mr Taylor rang the fire brigade who spent 45 minutes cutting his neighbour from the wreckage outside their homes in Newbiggin - by - the - Sea , Northumberland .
Mr Dent was then lifted to the ground and taken to hospital with an injured ankle along with his 73 - year - old wife , Isobel , who suffered an angina attack owing to the shock .
Their car has since been winched from the top of the Vectra and towed away .
Both vehicles are believed to be write - offs .
" At first we thought it was motorbikes revving their engines outside but then there was an almighty crash , " said Mr Taylor , a 55 - year - old decorator .
' We could n't get out of the front door as the car was right up against the house .
I was talking to Billy from the front door and telling him to sit still as he was in shock and very distressed . "
University of Minnesota Center for Drug Design and Minneapolis VA Medical Center researchers have discovered a new fast - acting antidote to cyanide poisoning .
The antidote has potential to save lives of those who are exposed to the chemical -- namely firefighters , industrial workers , and victims of terrorist attacks .
Current cyanide antidotes work slowly and are ineffective when administered after a certain point , said Steven Patterson , Ph.D. , principal investigator and associate director of the University of the Minnesota Center for Drug Design .
Patterson is developing an antidote that was discovered by retired University of Minnesota Professor Herbert Nagasawa .
This antidote works in less than three minutes -- meeting the United States Department of Defense " three minute solution " standard .
" It 's much , much faster than current antidotes , " Patterson said .
" The antidote is also effective over a wider time window .
Giving emergency responders more time is important because it's not likely that someone will be exposed to cyanide near a paramedic . "
The antidote was tested on animals and has been exceptionally effective , Patterson said .
Researchers hope to begin human clinical trials during the next three years .
The antidote is also unique because it can be taken orally ( current antidotes must be given intravenously ) and may be administered up to an hour prior to cyanide exposure .
Cyanide is a rapid acting toxin that inhibits cellular respiration -- it prevents the body from using oxygen .
This means it rapidly shuts down many of the fundamental biochemical processes the body needs to survive .
Symptoms of acute cyanide poisoning include headache , vertigo , lack of motor coordination , weak pulse , abnormal heartbeat , vomiting , stupor , convulsions , coma , and even death .
When released in an enclosed area , cyanide can be particularly deadly and impact a victim very quickly .
Survivors of cyanide poisoning are also at risk of short - term memory loss and development of a Parkinson 's - like syndrome .
Because cyanide occurs naturally in pitted fruits , some grasses and other foods , and the body has mechanisms to detoxify small amounts in the diet .
The new antidote takes advantage of this natural detoxification pathway by providing the substance the body naturally uses to convert cyanide to non-toxic thiocyanate .
The research will be featured in the Dec. 27 , 2007 issue of the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry .
The theory and proof of concept for the research originated from Nagasawa , who has since retired from the University of Minnesota , but Patterson continues this work at the Center for Drug Design .
The study is being funded by a five - year grant from the National Institutes of Health .
Saturn eclipsing the sun , as seen from Cassini .
If that image does n’t inspire you with awe , you ’re uninspirable .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
The gunshots were so loud that Jeanne Assam thought the shooter was already in the building .
A former police officer , Assam , 42 , was on security duty Sunday morning at New Life Church here .
Hours earlier , a 24 - year - old who had been rejected from a missionary school in a Denver suburb had shot and killed two staffers there .
Now he was spraying New Life ’s parking lot with gunfire and pushing through the doors to the sanctuary .
Assam hid and inched toward the gunman , Matthew Murray , as dozens of terrified worshipers fled .
She waited until he got close enough , revealed herself , aimed her pistol and fired .
Murray dropped to the ground .
He was carrying an assault rifle , two pistols and a backpack holding more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition .
“ I just prayed to the Holy Spirit to guide me , ” Assam said at a packed news conference Monday .
“ I give the credit to God .
This has got to be God , because of the firepower he had versus what I have . ”
Authorities on Monday said Assam saved untold lives as they described how Murray , the home - schooled son of a prominent neurologist , terrorized two religious facilities during a harrowing 12 - hour rampage .
Police said it was unclear whether Assam ’s shots killed Murray or whether the gunman , after being wounded , took his own life .
Murray killed two teenage sisters at New Life Church on Sunday afternoon and wounded their father and two other worshipers .
The gunman had been at large since 12:30 a.m. , when he attacked the Youth With a Mission school in Arvada .
Phil Abeyta , a pastor who is Murray ’s uncle , spoke to reporters outside the school Monday afternoon .
“ Our family ca n’t express the magnitude of our grief for the victims and families , ” Abeyta said tearfully .
“ On behalf of our family , we ask for forgiveness .
We ca n’t understand why this has happened . ”
At Abeyta ’s side was Peter Warren , the school ’s director .
Warren said that when Murray came to the school early Sunday asking to stay the night , staff members did not recognize him .
After Murray was identified by police , the school realized he had attended its training program in 2002 .
The Arvada school is a branch of an international missionary program that trains thousands annually .
Warren said school officials refused to assign Murray to a mission because of an unspecified health problem that could make such work unsafe .
Warren would not elaborate , and he and Abeyta left without taking questions .
Police said it appeared Murray acted alone , although they were still investigating whether he had help getting from Arvada to Colorado Springs .
In court papers , police said Murray had written threatening letters to the school and spent many hours a day on the Internet as a computer student , the Gazette of Colorado Springs reported .
He lived at home with his 21 - year - old brother and his parents in a two - story brick home in an affluent neighborhood in Englewood , a suburb at the southern end of Denver ’s sprawl .
His father , Ronald Murray , is a neurologist who specializes in treating multiple sclerosis patients .
Colorado Springs Police Sgt. Jeff Jensen said it was too early to know what precisely motivated Matthew Murray .
“ This tragedy is just a little over 24 hours old and we ’re still in the process of gathering information , ” he said at an afternoon news conference .
It also was unclear why Murray traveled the roughly 75 miles from the missionary school in Arvada to New Life Church , which has a Youth With a Mission branch office .
New Life achieved notoriety last year when its founder , Ted Haggard , was accused by a former gay prostitute of trading drugs and sex .
Murray apparently left smoke grenades as distractions at the western and southeastern entrances to New Life .
Then he moved to the eastern parking lot and opened fire , hitting the Works family of Denver .
Stephanie Works , 18 , died at the scene ; her sister Rachel , 16 , died in a hospital hours later .
Their father , David , 51 , was wounded in the groin and abdomen and was in fair condition .
Jensen said it was unknown whether Murray targeted the Works girls , who had reportedly gone on a Youth With a Mission trip overseas and frequented the group ’s Arvada branch .
Early Sunday morning , New Life ’s security director had warned Senior Pastor Brady Boyd about the missionary school attacks and recommended bolstering the church campus ’ volunteer contingent of guards .
At her home , Assam read online about the shooting and felt a chill .
A worshiper at the church , she also protects fellow parishioners and Boyd .
She was working her regular shift Sunday afternoon .
There were about 7,000 people on campus as the midday service wound to a close around 1:10 p.m. and Murray opened fire .
“ I heard shots fired .
There was chaos , there were a lot of people in the church , ” Assam said .
“ The shots were so loud I thought he was inside .
. . .
It seemed like the halls cleared out ; I saw him coming through the doors . ”
Assam said she hid until he came close .
“ I came out of cover , identified myself and took him down , ” she said .
“ I just knew I was not going to wait for him to do any more damage . ”
She said she prayed before opening fire .
“ My hand was n’t even shaking , ” she said .
“ It seemed like it was me , the gunman and God . ”
Wiry , with wavy blond hair and a dazed expression that came from not sleeping for 24 hours , Assam would not identify the law enforcement agency she used to work for , though she said she “ loved being a police officer . ”
The Rev. Boyd , who introduced Assam , stressed that all church guards were volunteers who worshiped at the church and were legally allowed to carry guns .
“ Given the events of the past 24 hours , you understand why there is a need to provide security to the people who worship there , ” Boyd said .
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
Riccardi reported from Colorado Springs and Correll from Arvada .
Interesting books
Div , Grad , Curl , and All That : An Informal Text on Vector Calculus by H. M. Schey .
For now , buying a car on credit is easier because there are many finance or leasing companies that offer offers and facilities to attract potential creditors .
Indeed , if compared to having to buy by cash , the way credit is far more popular .
Because by buying a car through credit , you can allocate money to other things so that your money is not used up to pay in cash .
http://www.2588000.com/title-loan-no-inspection-discover-more-information-about-easy-title-loans-online/ for further explanation
But for those of you who want an auto loan application approved , it ’s good to do a few things below :
Contact the Nearest Car Dealer
If you have a friend who works at a car dealer , do n’t hesitate to look for information from him .
Or maybe you often get broadcasts on mobile phones relating to promos given by a leasing company , do n’t hesitate to ask .
Ask if there are good promos given by car leasing to you if you pay by credit ?
Also , consider in detail both the price and specifications .
Do n’t forget to ask how long the process of applying for your car loan reaches the acc .
Affordable Prices
When you are determined to buy a car , you should choose a car that suits your family ’s financial budget .
It is undeniable that currently there are many variants of prices offered by car manufacturers .
There are many choices , ranging from cars that vary to shapes and models that can be adjusted to your choice .
We recommend choosing a car that meets your pocket both in terms of price , model and type .
If it is not realistic , then in the future you yourself will be inconvenienced in terms of arranging installment payments each month .
If it is not capable you should not be forced .
Choose a Trusted Car Leasing Company
When you have chosen the type and advantages of your chosen car , you should immediately find out which leasing company you will choose .
Usually , leasing companies have prepared a lot of offers .
Be careful when choosing a car leasing company .
Choose a car leasing company that provides a competitive down payment price , with low interest , a period that is flexible enough and has a price reality that is quite competitive with its competitors .
Consult the Installment Scheme
If you have chosen a source of financing , it is better if you do consultations relating to credit plans that must be adjusted to your ability .
Do not be influenced by the lure of the seller .
Some things you need to consult are :
Down Payment and Large Installments
It is better to prepare a down payment based on a percentage of the price of the car .
The amount is usually around 20 - 30 percent .
As an example , if the price of the car you want is 200 million , then you must prepare 40 - 60 million .
Plus there are administrative costs and other costs .
The greater the amount of down payment you give , the greater the opportunity for you to choose the installment amount and also the tenure of the credit period .
In addition , you can also ask for a discounted price so that your down payment becomes lighter .
Credit Period
Choose a credit period that does not exceed the economic limit of your car .
This is because , if more than four or five years , more and more extra expenses will be spent on repairs .
Even though you still have dependents to pay the car payments .
Thus , this will threaten your expenditure to be twice as much .
Interest Rates
There are indeed a number of things that need to be understood relating to lending rates on the market .
Indeed technically there are two types of interest rates , namely fixed interest rates ( flat - rate ) and floating rates or follow market rates ( floating rates ) .
Please note that in some banks and financial institutions have fixed interest rates , but only in the initial year of the credit period
After firmly choosing which leasing you will choose , there are still a few things to get your car loan application approved , such as : Meeting the complete administrative requirements accompanied by the original documents .
Usually in some areas , if you have a local ID card the process of granting credit will be simplified .
This is because people with a domicile ID card in question will be able to be trusted .
Form of a Personal Account
Before deciding to take any credit , you should make a healthy personal account .
Because usually , the leasing party will trust all the personal account statements that you have .
This is because it involves 5C , namely Character , Collateral , Capital , Condition , Capacity which is the basis for providing credit .
Because your personal account statement will take the form of a savings or checking account .
With a healthy account , the lender will trust more .
Healthy , in this case , does not only mean that the money coming in is bigger or more in amount .
Healthy , in this case , is your account whether income or expenditure must be balanced and must be an active surplus .
Active surplus , in this case , means that your personal account even though the income is not much but in nominal income can continue to grow .
In this case , it can be interpreted that it can still be saved , or it can be used to cover unexpected personal expenses .
Although a little , but in your personal account , you are active every month , whether it ’s debit or credit .
Consider It Well
Consider carefully whether you really need a car at this time or not .
Adjust to your needs and ability to pay .
Do not just because you want to have your car in debt which will ultimately have an impact on your expenses and your household budget later .
Even so , hopefully , a few tips so that approved car loans can be useful for you .
Well , for those who want to apply for a used car loan , it can be seen here .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's closest adviser and architect of the New Deal , Harry Hopkins , advised , " Tax and tax , spend and spend , elect and elect , because the people are too damn dumb to know the difference . "
Professor Bryan Caplan , my colleague at George Mason University , sheds some light on Hopkins ' observation in his new book , " The Myth of the Rational Voter : Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies . "
Caplan is far more generous than Hopkins .
Instead , he says people harbor economic biases , several of which he discusses .
There 's the anti-market bias , the failure to believe that market forces determine prices .
Many believe that prices are a function of a CEO 's intentions and conspiracies .
If a CEO wakes up feeling greedy , he 'll raise prices .
They also believe that profits are undeserving gifts .
They fail to see that , at least in open markets , profits are incentives for firms to satisfy customers , find least - cost production methods and move resources from low - valued to high - valued uses .
Then there 's the make - work bias , where many believe that labor is better to use than conserve .
Thus , the destruction of jobs is seen as a danger .
Technology , as well as outsourcing , throws some people out of work .
Caplan reminds us that in 1800 it took nearly 95 of every 100 Americans , working on farms , to feed the nation .
In 1900 , it took 40 .
Today , it takes three .
Workers no longer needed to farm became available to produce homes , cars , pharmaceuticals , computers and thousands of other goods .
Caplan does n't make the equation , but outsourcing , just as technological innovation , frees up labor to produce other things as well .
Next is the anti-foreign bias .
Caplan explains that there are two methods for Americans to have cars .
One is to get a bunch of workers into Detroit factories .
Another is to grow a lot of wheat in Iowa .
You harvest the wheat , load it on ships sailing westward on the Pacific Ocean , and a few months later the ships reappear loaded down with Toyotas .
We have cars as if we produced them .
In other words , exchange is an alternative method of production .
Added to the anti-foreign bias is the balance - of - trade fallacy .
Caplan says that nobody loses sleep over whether there 's a trade balance between California and Nevada , or between him and iTunes .
Trade balance fears arise only when another country is involved .
The fallacy is not treating all purchases as a cost but only foreign purchases as a cost .
There might be another bias as well .
Caplan reports that , according to an opinion survey , 28 percent of Americans admitted they dislike Japan but only 8 percent dislike England and a scant 3 percent dislike Canada .
People have a pessimistic bias where they believe economic conditions are not as good as they really are and things are going from bad to worse .
This is the message of doomsayers , but the reality is quite different .
By any measure of well - being , Americans at the start of this century are far better off than Americans at the beginning of the last century .
Perennial doom - and - gloom predictions about resource depletion , overpopulation and environmental quality are exaggerated and often the opposite of the truth .
Preaching doom and gloom has been beneficial to the political class .
They use it to gain more power and control .
Caplan is one of George Mason University Economics Department 's up - and - coming young scholars .
In fact , I 'm proud to say , he was hired during my department chairmanship .
" The Myth of the Rational Voter : Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies " is a highly readable and interesting political - economic discussion of why we choose bad policies .
Those policies are harmful to the general public but beneficial to particular interest groups who gain from restrictions on peaceable , voluntary exchange .
Maybe that 's why our founders loathed a democracy and gave us a republic -- which we 've lost .
Interesting tidbits in today ’s Political Bulletin from US News and World Report tell the story of the misplaced priorities of the Bush administration ’s Department of Justice .
Seems the Bush team is n’t doing so well on terror - related prosecutions .
But , the Bush administration is devoting resources towards politically related prosecutions .
That political charge comes from a former U.S. Attorney General who was also a GOP Governor .
And , you know that political prosecution agenda came right out of Karl Rove ’s office .
First , the failure on terror :
Acquittals Hurting Counter - Terror Efforts
The New York Times reports , “ From 1993 to 2001 , prosecutors in Manhattan convicted some three dozen terrorists through guilty pleas and in six major trials . ”
But since “ the Sept. 11 attacks , the government ’s track record has been decidedly spottier , and its failure to obtain a single conviction on Monday in its terrorism - financing prosecution of what was once the nation ’s largest Islamic charity was another in a series of missteps and setbacks . ”
Then the stunning testimony from Richard Thornburgh on the politicization of prosecutions :
Thornburgh : Federal Prosecution Was Political
The AP reports Dick Thornburgh , who served as attorney general in the first Bush Administration , “ told a House panel Tuesday he thinks the Justice Department had political aims in prosecuting a high - profile Democratic coroner from Pennsylvania . ”
Thornburgh , whose “ law firm is representing coroner Cyril Wecht in the pending trial and who acknowledged speaking as an advocate for Wecht , said the outspoken Democrat was ‘ an ideal target for a Republican U.S. attorney trying to curry favor with a ( Justice ) Department which demonstrated that if you play by its rules , you will advance . ' ”
The New York Times adds Thornburgh “ became the first former Republican attorney general to join with Democratic lawmakers to suggest that the Justice Department under Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales had singled out Democratic politicians for prosecution . ”
The Bush administration puts all of its energy into politics and spin .
This is just another glaring example .
[ whatwg ] several messages regarding Ogg in HTML5
At 23:20 +0100 11/12/07 , alex wrote : > > I have seen this argument pop up now and again , but I have failed to > actually find the URL to this , could someone post it please ? >
Hi .
It was a record of a discussion at the HTML WG meeting , but since I wrote it , I guess I can re-post it here ( and it does n't mention names either ) .
* * * Preamble :
The HTML5 specification contains new elements to allow the embedding of audio and video , similar to the way that images have historically been embedded in HTML .
In contrast to today 's behavior , using object , where the behavior can vary based on both the type of the object and the browser , this allows for consistent attributes , DOM behavior , accessibility management , and so on .
It also can handle the time - based nature of audio and video in a consistent way .
However , interoperability at the markup level does not ensure interoperability for the user , unless there are commonly supported formats for the video and audio encodings , and the file format wrapper .
For images there is no mandated format , but the widely deployed solutions ( PNG , JPEG / JFIF , GIF ) mean that interoperability is , in fact , achieved .
Licensing :
The problem is complicated by the IPR situation around audio and video coding , combined with the W3C patent policy < http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Patent-Policy-20040205/>.
" W3C seeks to issue Recommendations that can be implemented on a Royalty - Free ( RF ) basis . "
Note that much of the rest of the policy may not apply ( as it concerns the specifications developed at the W3C , not those that are normatively referenced ) .
However , it 's clear that at least RF - decode is needed .
Candidates :
There are , of course , a number of codecs and formats that can be considered .
A non-exhaustive list might include a variety of ' public ' codecs , as well , of course , as proprietary ones : a ) open - source projects : the ogg family ( vorbis , theora ) , and the BBC Dirac video codec project b) Current ISO / IEC ( MPEG ) standard codecs , notably the MPEG - 4 family : AVC ( 14496 - 10 , jointly published with the ITU as H.264 ) , AAC ( part of 14496 -3 ) c)
Older MPEG codecs , notably MPEG - 2 layer 3 ( aka MP3 ) , MPEG - 2 layer 1 and 2 audio , and maybe MPEG - 4 part 2 video ( 14496 -2 ) d) Current standard codecs from other bodies ; SMPTE VC - 1 , for example e)
Older standards from other bodies : ITU recommendations H.263 ( with or without its many enhancement annexes ) or even H.261 f )
Very old standard codecs , formats , or industry practices ; notably the common format for video from digital still cameras ( Motion JPEG with uncompressed audio in an AVI wrapper ) g) Proprietary codecs , such as Dolby AC - 3 audio Candidate concerns :
There are concerns or issues with all of these : a ) a number of large companies are concerned about the possible unintended entanglements of the open - source codecs ; a ' deep pockets ' company deploying them may be subject to risk here ; b ) the current MPEG codecs are currently licensed on a royalty - bearing basis ; c ) this is also true of the older MPEG codecs ; though their age suggests examining the lifetime of the patents ; d ) and also SMPTE VC - 1 e ) H.263 and H.261 both have patent declarations at the ITU .
However , it is probably worth examining the non-assert status of these , which parts of the specifications they apply to ( e.g. H.263 baseline or its enhancement annexes ) , and the age of the patents and their potential expiry .
f)
This probably does n't have significant IPR risk , as its wide deployment in systems should have exposed any risk by now ; but it hardly represents competitive compression .
g)
Most proprietary codecs are licensed for payment , as that is the business of the companies who develop them .
Other licensing concerns :
It 's also possible that there are other issues around licensing : a ) variations in licensing depending on filed patents in various geographies b) restrictions on usage , or fees on usage , other than the fees on implementation ( e.g. usage fees on content sold for remuneration ) .
It 's not entirely clear , also , whether ' implementing ' HTML means the ability to decode and display , or whether encoding is also included .
Including encoding in the equation might significantly complicate matters .
Possible action :
The members of the WG are engineers , not IPR experts .
There is general consensus that a solution is desirable , but also that engineers are not well placed to find it : a ) they are not experts in the IPR and licensing field ; b ) many of them are discouraged by their employers from reading patents or discussing IPR .
It 's clear that the December workshop cannot be silent on this subject .
There must be recognition of the issue and evidence of at least efforts to solve it , and preferably signs of progress .
It is probable that this is best handled in parallel with the technical work , and headed by someone ' technically neutral ' and qualified , such as W3C technical and legal staff .
A good start would be to : a ) examine the declaration , licensing , and patent expiry situation for various codecs ; b ) contact the licensing authorities for various codecs to determine their level of interest and flexibility , and possibly invite them to the December workshop .
c ) analyze the open - source codecs for their risk level , and possibly seek statements from patent owners if that is deemed prudent ; -- David Singer Apple / QuickTime
David Broder has a column in today ’s Washington Post that appears to be a rousing defense of the Supreme Court ’s decision restricting the reach of McCain - Feingold , but then he demonstrates clearly that he really does n’t understand what freedom of speech is all about .
He starts out with some well - deserved criticism of the Mainstream Media ’s reaction to the decision :
The decision was greeted with derision .
The New York Times said “ it opened a big new loophole in time to do mischief in the 2008 elections . ”
The Post said that while the ad seems “ inoffensive ” on its face , the ruling “ reopens a dangerous loophole . ”
The Reform Institute said it “ paves the way for the return of sham ‘ issue ads ’ just as the 2008 campaign is heating up . ”
Have we completely lost our bearings ?
This is no “ loophole , ” folks .
This is pretty basic .
I agree completely with Matt Notowidigdo , who wrote to the Times , as “ someone who is passionately pro-choice , ” that he cheered the ruling for the anti-abortion group .
“ While that organization might technically fit under the definition of a ‘ corporation ’ for the purposes of campaign finance law , ” he wrote , “ I have trouble understanding how that organization ’s involvement in the late stages of a campaign represents an excessive influence of ‘ special interests ’ . . . .
“ The organization clearly represents the views of a very large number of citizens .
The many citizens who contribute time and money to Wisconsin Right to Life care deeply about issues related to abortion , and I think that it is a clear victory for political speech that they can now collectively express themselves when their message has the greatest impact . ”
He even makes the point that so - called election law reformers simply do n’t understand the issues that are at stake when they attempt to restrict private funding of campaigns :
The reality that reformers find hard to accept is that in this country , efforts to regulate tightly the flow of money from the private sector to the political world will almost always run afoul of the courts .
The effect of much over - regulation is not to shut down the spigots but to drive donors farther and farther underground .
But then , as is usually the case for inside - the beltway types like Broder , he goes horribly , horribly wrong :
Two approaches remain open .
A carefully drafted constitutional amendment could certify Congress ’s right to some form of campaign finance regulation .
More realistically , a system of public finance — taxpayer - subsidized campaigns — would enable candidates to cope with the inevitable intrusion of outside voices into their races .
It takes a moment to understand the implications of what Broder is talking about here .
Even back in its 1976 decision that permitted limits on campaign contributions , Buckley v. Valeo , the Supreme Court has recognized that campaign contributions and political activism on behalf of a candidate are , at some fundamental level , activities that are protected by the First Amendment .
This was recognized even more forcefully in the decisions the Court handed down last week .
To the extent that the Court has allowed regulation of campaign finance , it has balanced the rights of the individual with the supposed interest of the state to regulate elections .
Many , including myself , would argue that the Court has gone too far in allowing the state to interfere with the ability of citizens to exercise their First Amendment rights with respect to supporting the candidate of their choice .
But the Court still recognizes that regulating campaign contributions in any respect implicates the First Amendment .
What Broder suggests , basically , is something that has not been done in the 216 years since the Bill of Rights was ratified .
He suggests that we amend the First Amendment .
That we limit Freedom of Speech .
And that , ultimately , we violate the rights of every citizen by forcing them , through taxation , to contribute to the campaigns of candidates they do n’t agree with .
Quite honestly , I ca n’t think of anything that would be more un-American .
" The Morning Glory cloud - considered one of the world 's most exotic meteorological phenomena - is best known from the Gulf of Carpentaria , northern Australia , where it is observed most often during spring , usually near dawn .
The name " Morning Glory " reflects the often spectacular appearance of the long horizontal clouds at sunrise . .
A Morning Glory cloud is a roll cloud that can be up to 1000 kilometers long , 1 to 2 kilometers high , and can move at speeds up to 40 kilometers per hour . "
" Morning Glory , Sable Island , June 13 , 2003 .
As the cloud approached , its position relative to the island was indicated by the long narrow shadow cast across the landscape , between the north and south beaches . "
" View of the Morning Glory , looking towards the north , before and after it passed overhead .
The front of the cloud was very smooth ... "
" ... the back was somewhat turbulent .
The cloud was followed by a single line of scattered irregular cumulus . "
" As the Morning Glory passed overhead , there was a drop in temperature , and a dramatic wind shift .
This is a view to the north .
looking along the underside of the cloud . "
" The back of the cloud as it traveled westward .
The laser ceilometer at the station measured the base of the cloud at 150 meters .
The distance between the base of the cloud and its shadow on the ground indicated that the cloud itself must have had a depth of roughly 300 to 400 meters . "
Morning glory clouds have also been documented elsewhere , like the following in Sable Island , Canada , which , funnily enough , is itself shaped like a wave Gliding over one of these rare atmospheric phenomena must be incredible Thanks to Leno for introducing me to this .
Previously :
It 's not completely surprising that the Army wants to hire a band to tour its bases jn Afghanistan and Kuwait .
The armed services get all kinds of folks , to entertain the troops .
" But it 's the way that they solicit for rock bands that makes the whole thing hilarious , " Stephen Trimble notes .
First , a summary of what the Army is seeking :
Professional Celebrity Rock Music
Band , group not to exceed seven people for tour of FOB 's [ forward operating bases ] in Kuwait and Afghanistan for February 4 - 13 2008 .
The band should be an active rock band , with a music genre consisting of Southern Rock , Pop Rock , Post - Grunge and Hard Rock .
At least one member of the band should be recognizable as a professional celebrity .
Protective military equipment , such as kevlar , body armour , eye and ear protection will be provided when the group is travelling on military rotary or fixed wing aircraft .
Then , there 's the highly - calibrated method the service will use to evaluate these Professional Celebrity Rock Music Band applicants .
The contract will be awarded based on " Past Performance , Contractor Capability , Contractor 's Experience , Celebrity Status of the Proposed Artists , and Price .
Contractor Capability , Experience , and Price .
The celebrity status of the proposed artist is slightly more important than these 3 combined , and all 4 combined are slightly more important than Price . "
And how will each of these criteria be judged ?
Let 's look at " Factor 4 , Celebrity Status of the Proposed Artists . "
In other words , the bigger the name , the better the proposal .
A Paris Hilton - fronted band wins out over , say , one from Kim Deal .
K - Fed 's new project trumps Wilco or Rancid .
Or does it ?
Let 's examine " Factor 2 , Contractor Capability . "
Good luck , rockers .
And remember :
* Any criminal conduct , unexcused tardiness or absence which prevents timely starting of the performance (s ) required hereunder , indecency or obscenity , drunkenness , damage to Government property , failure to discharge indebtedness to the Government , influence of narcotics or hallucinatory drugs , threatening breach of national security , violation of the rules and regulations of the Host Nation , Government or TFF MWR are grounds for termination of this contract . *
No " forced on indentured child labor , " and no " live animals , " either .
Hmmm , maybe Paris and K - Fed wo n't win out , after all .
UPDATE : The * Boing Boing * crowd is having a ball with this one :
No list of patterns , no matter how exhaustive , can cover every situation that comes up while programming .
Eventually ( or even frequently ) you 'll come upon a situation where none of the cookie cutters fits .
This need for general approaches to unique problems is one reason to study the theory of programming .
Another is the sense of mastery that comes of knowing both what to do and why .
Conversations about programming are also more interesting when they cover both theory and practice .
Each pattern carries with it a little bit of theory .
There are larger and more pervasive forces at work in programming than are covered in individual patterns , however .
This section describes these cross-cutting concerns .
They are divided here into two types : values and principles .
The values are the universal overarching themes of programming .
When I am working well , I hold dear the importance of communicating with other people , removing excess complexity from my code , and keeping my options open .
These values -- communication , simplicity , and flexibility -- color every decision I make while programming .
The principles described here are n't as far - reaching or pervasive as the values , but each one is expressed by many of the patterns .
The principles bridge between the values , which are universal but often difficult to apply directly , and the patterns , which are clear to apply but specific .
I have found it valuable to make the principles explicit for those situations where no pattern applies , or when two mutually exclusive patterns apply equally .
Faced with ambiguity , understanding the principles allows me to " make something up " that is consistent with the rest of my practice and likely to turn out well .
These three elements -- values , principles , and patterns -- form a balanced expression of a style of development .
The patterns describe what to do .
The values provide motivation .
The principles help translate motive into action .
The values , principles , and patterns here are drawn from my own practice , reflection , and conversation with other programmers .
We all draw from the experience of previous generations of programmers .
The result is a style of development , not the style of development .
Different values and different principles will lead to different styles .
One of the advantages of laying out a programming style as values , principles , and practices is that it is easier to have productive conflict about programming this way .
If you want to do something one way and I another , we can identify the level of our disagreement and avoid wasting time .
If we disagree about principles , arguing about where curly braces belong wo n't solve the underlying discord .
Values
Three values that are consistent with excellence in programming are communication , simplicity , and flexibility .
While these three sometimes conflict , more often they complement each other .
The best programs offer many options for future extension , contain no extraneous elements , and are easy to read and understand .
By Andrew Walker
Economics correspondent , BBC World Service
The IMF lowered its 2008 forecast to 4.8 % in October 2007
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has lowered its forecast for global economic growth this year .
But the revised predictions are still well short of being a global recession .
The IMF 's chief economist calls it a significant global slowdown .
For the major developed economies , the IMF predicts continued , but much weaker , growth this year .
The new forecast for global economic growth this year is 4.1 % , after nearly 5 % last year .
There is a very sluggish period ahead for the main rich countries .
By the final quarter of this year , annual growth in the US will be below 1 % , according to the IMF .
Market turmoil
Developing economies are predicted to grow more slowly than last year , though still quite robustly in many cases .
The report also warns of risks from financial market turmoil , which could mean 2008 turns out worse than its main forecast .
Those problems could affect spending in the rich countries and make for more significant spillovers to developing countries .
In any event , the IMF 's economists said that talk of de-coupling - the idea that the world is independent of what happens in the US - was " greatly exaggerated " .
One exception to the pattern of slowing growth in the forecast is Africa .
IMF economists say that reflects high prices for many of the commodities exported by African countries , improved economic polices and the fact that the continent is less exposed than Asia , for example , to problems in international financial markets .
US Weekly Sex Scandal
former West Coast news editor formagazine has filed a $ 55 million lawsuit against West Coast bureau chiefEditor - in - Chiefand publisher
Among the allegations :
Baker put the nanny who was taking care of his two kids on the magazine 's payroll as a reporter , and then tried to seduce her .
Baker encouraged reporters to " date " paparazzi to glean information from them .
Her bosses " engaged in an intentional policy to destroy her professional reputation after she left Us Weekly to start Sunset Photo .
When Ishkanian informed Baker that she was considering a move to another weekly , " Baker became enraged " and " threatened Ishkanian by stating , ' If you leave .
I will destroy you !
Did you hear me ?
I will destroy you ! ' "
Baker " held a meeting with his staff and forced everyone in attendance to vote about whether or not a freelance reporter had real breasts or surgically enhanced breasts . "
Baker sent cellphone text messages to his doubly - employed nanny which read , " I want to have sex with you .
I 'm not attracted to my wife , " and " I want to see you pregnant with pigtails . "
Ishkanian claims Baker 's unidentified nanny showed the messages to fellow Us Weekly staffers .
Baker allegedly broke down weeping at Ishkanian 's office and " used all her Kleenex to wipe his eyes and runny nose " after learning an online publication planned to state he " hired female employees based on the shortness of their skirts . "
Exclusive to STR
Crisis = Danger + Opportunity
~ Chinese ideogram for " crisis " *
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity .
~ Seneca ( 5 BC - 65 AD )
- - - - -
2008 will be a year to remember .
Big events are coming , and the notion that crisis brings opportunity will be sorely tested .
Tipping points are approaching in several interrelated areas .
The most important areas of concern include :
Financial / economic problems : Multiple financial system crashes are in progress or on the way .
Will there be any ray of sunshine in the aftermath ?
For that matter , will we reach the aftermath in the coming year , or will these problems drag on , perhaps for decades ?
Politics and government action : Will 2008 be the last gasp for liberty or the start of a Great Unraveling for tyranny ?
Or neither ?
Oil , metals , and other natural resources : Peak Oil ( which some believe is a scam or an error ) is quite real and a genuine threat .
Combine rapidly - depleting older oil fields with less oil being found , with the new finds mostly being deep - ocean or otherwise difficult to harvest , with more of the oil now harvested being lower - grade ( including tar sands and shale oil , which require huge amounts of energy to extract and refine ) , and -- here 's the kicker -- with dramatic growth in oil usage in China , India , and many other nations , and you have a supply and demand problem of potentially epic proportions .
A similar situation is playing out for metals ( yes , Peak Metal ) -- as with oil , the easy - to - harvest resources have already been harvested .
We may thus be entering a new , broader Age of Scarcity .
If so , how can we best respond ?
Food shortages : will dire predictions from the 1960s and 1970s ( not to mention Malthus ) of mass famine finally come true -- as now appears possible ?
Or will technology and the markets ( or perhaps something else ) save the day yet again ?
Environmental damage : the jury is still out on global warming ( so say hundreds of scientists ; see also here ) but the oceans are dying and the rest of the planet is n't doing so well either .
Will we respond appropriately in time , and if not , how quickly and how severely will the problems worsen ?
Looking at these problems as a group , it does n't feel like " opportunity " or " luck " ahead so much as " disaster . "
But the largest opportunities sometimes do arrive in the form of disasters or crises .
For example , dramatically higher oil prices are fueling a boom in conservation , in alternative energy , and in solutions we might otherwise never have considered or even imagined .
The coming year will bring plenty of problems to solve , and I look forward to seeing what I hope , but do n't necessarily expect , will be creative and positive responses .
- 1 -
Financial and Economic Outlook
On the financial front , it appears that 2008 will be the Year of the Collapse .
Not everyone sees it that way ; here is a conversation with several investment bankers , CEOs , and financial advisors who see 2008 , for the most part , as a year of recovery in the markets .
But others in the financial world are gravely worried .
The London Telegraph ran a story on 12/27/2007 titled Crisis may make 1929 look a ' walk in the park ' .
The article includes chilling expert commentary :
" Liquidity does n't do anything in this situation , " says Anna Schwartz , the doyenne of US monetarism and life - time student ( with Milton Friedman ) of the Great Depression .
" It can not deal with the underlying fear that lots of firms are going bankrupt .
The banks and the hedge funds have not fully acknowledged who is in trouble .
That is the critical issue , " she adds .
Lenders are hoarding the cash , shunning peers as if all were sub - prime lepers .
Spreads on three - month Euribor and Libor - the interbank rates used to price contracts and Club Med mortgages - are stuck at 80 basis points even after the latest blitz .
The monetary screw has tightened by default .
York professor Peter Spencer , chief economist for the ITEM Club , says the global authorities have just weeks to get this right , or trigger disaster .
" The central banks are rapidly losing control . "
There are many recent articles and commentaries with the same basic message , and some even more pessimistic ( see also here ) .
For my part , I am surprised that the imbalances and deceptions of the world financial system have not brought us to a 1930 's - style depression -- or something different but just as severe -- before now .
Investor and author Doug Casey calls what is coming The Greater Depression and however it plays out ( hyperinflation , severe and prolonged stagflation , severe deflation , or something else ) , I expect the name will be appropriate .
Significantly higher unemployment numbers combined with widespread underemployment , defaults on debt of every kind ( from mortgages to credit cards to pensions to bonds to zillion - dollar derivatives ) , dramatically lower housing prices combined with higher prices for nearly everything else ( real inflation levels of ten percent or more , and possibly much more ) are in the cards for next year , or so I believe .
I discussed the economic situation in more detail previously in Money ( October ) and Destruction by Paradigm ( March ) .
Nothing has happened to magically solve the problems that were so apparent then ; the train - wreck of our post - 1913 financial system continues .
Using " money " created from thin air and printed ( mostly electronically now ) as fast as corrupt banking and government authorities desire has never worked well for long and has always brought disaster in the end -- see today 's Zimbabwe , for example , or read about the German hyperinflation of the early 1920s or the John Law episode in 18th Century France .
Central bankers and governments know perfectly well about the long - term destruction they are causing ; there is a great deal of history on the subject to draw from .
Central banks are designed to siphon wealth from the masses to the banks ( and their owners ) and to the corporations and government agencies ( and hence to actual people ) favored by the power elite .
That is the true purpose of central banks ; nothing more , despite the various official excuses for such institutions .
( Link is to a 10 min 56 sec video ; see also this 41 minute video from the Mises Institute ) .
Eventually , the central banking / fiat currency scheme collapses and millions are impoverished or worse .
But then , the power elite has never been concerned about the masses ; siphoning away wealth from the poor and the middle class is how the elite became wealthy in the first place ; the elite are no more concerned about the masses than lions are concerned about gazelles .
Some in the elite got rich by creating value in the market , but -- here is the simple truth -- getting rich is so much easier with government contracts ( preferably no - bid ) and especially with government - granted monopolies -- the Federal Reserve being the ne plus ultra in this regard .
With nearly the entire world now suffering under such schemes ( how many nations can you think of that do not have a central bank and a slowly [ or rapidly ! ] collapsing fiat currency ? ) , there is no reason to believe the present crisis will end well .
There is always the chance that central bankers will be able to inflate one last bubble or drag out the deflating of this one without causing a full - on crash , but I would n't bet on it .
Snapshot forecast : Severe economic recession or worse , possibly much worse .
Real estate crisis intensifies ; prices drop further , financing is harder to get , the number of people whose finances allow for home ownership drops as unemployment mounts and inflation eats away at buying power even for those who still have jobs .
Outright failure of several very large financial institutions ( possibly averted with buy - outs , most likely from government sovereign funds or foreign corporations ) along with bankruptcy of many sizable corporations .
Currency controls , price controls , gold and other asset confiscation , and / or other authoritarian nonsense likely in response .
Fifty percent chance for a downturn so dramatic that even the Old Media propaganda machine begins calling it a " depression . "
Americans will not handle truly hard times with the grace and dignity so many showed in the 1930s .
If things get that bad , then riots due to food shortages and general conditions of widespread ( and for many , sudden ) poverty will begin in America and Bush will get a chance to make use of those Halliburton - built detention centers along with the many such centers left over from FDR 's incarceration of 120,000 Japanese - Americans during WWII .
Potential upside and opportunity : Today 's economic pain is already helping to wake up the masses to the harm being done by governments , by corporatism , by central banks , and by fiat currencies .
See the next section below for how this might , under the most optimistic of scenarios , lead us back from the brink -- or at least point us in the right direction after we go over the brink .
For example , few today think a gold - based currency is possible , but that is now slowly changing .
Gold and silver were the basis of currency in America and much of the world for over a century ( and were used as money for thousands of years before that ) and worked far better than what we have today , for reasons that become obvious when you study economics .
America 's founders certainly understood economics , and thus Article 1 , Section 10 of our Constitution requires that our money be only gold and silver , which means that today 's fiat currency is literally illegal ( any chance the perps will do jail time ? ) .
" I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around [ the banks ] will deprive the people of all property until their children wake - up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . "
~ Thomas Jefferson ( 1743 - 1826 ) , Letter to the Secretary of the Treasury Albert Gallatin ( 1802 )
The collapse of the present corrupt , fantasy - land financial system will bring strong pressure to bear for a more realistic , workable , and fair system -- for a system not rigged against the masses in favor of the elite -- and that will require something other than pure fiat money .
The monetary restraint of using gold ( and perhaps silver ) as money in place of fiat dollars would , by itself , make our current level of tyranny impossible to maintain .
By definition , using gold as money prevents the ongoing official counterfeiting of currency that makes your dollars worth less every year and which provides government with a tsunami of dollars to pay for Blackwater and Halliburton and military intervention overseas and the new billion - dollar biometric FBI database and a thousand other things that impoverish and tyrannize the people while enriching the elite .
America spends more on its military than every other nation on Earth combined !
Does that make America more secure , or does it just make the military - industrial complex more wealthy and powerful ?
There is now , finally , talk even in the Old Media ( at least when Ron Paul is being interviewed ) about ending the Federal Reserve and abolishing the hated income tax and the IRS .
That would have been unthinkable even a year ago , and the noisily - approaching financial collapse is a big reason why it is thinkable today .
Those simple and obvious action items would , by themselves , be a huge step forward in real , on - the - ground freedom and would be a massive defeat for those who think it their right to rule their fellow man .
A more limited and individual possible upside of the economic downturn or crash could be strong returns from investments in precious metals and other real forms of wealth .
For relevant sources of information I suggest 321gold.com , agorafinancial.com , prudentbear.com , and other contrarian , non-mainstream sites .
Reading up on Austrian economic theory would n't hurt , either .
I repeat , however , that gold and other asset confiscation by government ( including by America 's own federal government ** ) has a long history ; once a government has impoverished its nation to a significant degree and can no longer extract the levels of wealth it is used to getting from the people , the next step is to begin confiscating wealth on almost any pretext .
Get those assets out of the country while you still can , and keep your gold in the form of mining stocks , ETF shares , and so on .
Consider also taking delivery of the confirming paperwork , although where to store that is another problem : I do n't believe even your safe deposit box will be safe ; the banks are practically another arm of the government by now .
( Take the standard disclaimer to heart ; do your own research and think for yourself .
No one , including me , can be sure what the future will bring ; timing and velocity especially are never finely predictable for things as complex as the economy ) .
Real estate will again be a good investment after it hits bottom , but that may not happen until after 2008 and in any case almost certainly has n't happened yet .
Nor are prices likely to rise again quickly , so returns may take years to materialize .
Keep in mind the Japanese housing crash ( nearly 20 years in duration -- so far .
. .) and other examples that refute the " real estate always goes up " mantra .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:EconomistHomePrices20050615.jpg
- 2 -
Politics and Government Action
For decades , libertarians were the Trekkies of American politics : they were seen as silly , useless , nerdy , and on the fringe .
But decades of work and preparation by freedom activists are finally paying off .
Today , with the dollar collapsing , with the housing bubble morphing into a foreclosure epidemic , with millions of well - paid American jobs having been outsourced to low - paid foreigners , with America 's militaristic interventionism around the world provoking terrorism and costing trillions of dollars per decade that America does n't have in the first place , with the head of the federal GAO touring the country to sound alarm about America 's bankruptcy , and with the Bill of Rights under assault by secret - police agencies and police - state legislation , Americans are at last opening up to libertarianism in large numbers .
I never thought I 'd see this happen , but here it is : the 1988 Libertarian Party candidate for president is now the 2008 front - runner by many measures , including by demonstrated fund - raising ability , internet ( and increasingly , traditional ) polling , website hits , unofficial supporter websites , caucus wins , and sheer American get - it - done enthusiasm among volunteers .
What other candidate has his own blimp ?
( Well , it is n't his ; it belongs to a for - profit corporation , and is being funded by supporters rather than by the official campaign ) .
Who else in the field can raise over $ 6 million in a single day , without even asking for the money -- only weeks after raising $ 4.3 million on another single day ?
What other candidate has supporters buying full - page ads in USA Today and the New York Times on his behalf ?
No other candidate than Dr. Ron Paul , of course .
The power elite is peeing its collective pants over Dr. Paul and his rapidly - growing following .
Worse , the " Ron Paul Revolution " is clearly not about the man ( worthy though he is ) but instead about what he stands for : liberty itself .
How could this idea get loose in the world again ?
I can just hear the powers - that - be asking each other , " Did n't we put a permanent lid on that one ? "
A lifetime of pro-government propaganda from government schools , from corporatist media -- from seemingly everywhere -- has not been enough to completely hide the truth from millions of ordinary people who are now seeing through the lies behind their own impoverishment and enslavement .
Dr. Paul 's campaign is educating millions more -- about the Federal Reserve and fiat currency generally , about Constitutional restrictions on federal power , about America 's violent , interventionist foreign policy and its dire results both abroad and at home , about the " soft fascism " of corporatism and how it has impoverished us and led us down the road to a police state , and about many other things .
People are listening to Dr. Paul and reacting as if their lives depended upon moving America back in the direction he advocates -- the direction of America 's traditional respect for liberty .
These people are right :
Their lives do depend on reversing our slide into tyranny .
History shows very clearly that when freedom fails , life ( and not just financial life ) is at grave risk .
Dr. Paul 's rapidly - growing following has brought a measure of coverage and superficial respect by the Old Media , but despite that , lies , smears , insults , and snubs against Paul are commonplace .
For examples , USA Today and the NY Times are still ignoring or slighting the man despite one of his supporters having paid huge money for full - page ads in their publications ( Paul may have been added to the pages linked by the time you read this , but as of this writing [ checked again 12/30/07 3:42 pm Pacific time ] , he is not listed with the other candidates , most of whom have less support by many important measures ) .
Despite that , Paul 's support has forced a level of coverage some thought he would never receive ; here is Wolf Blitzer interviewing Paul on CNN right after the Bhutto assassination -- an excellent and respectful interview , in which the candidate describes how and why our interventionism is creating disaster after disaster around the world while bankrupting the nation in the process .
This is the simple truth , and yet it is the opposite of what we are hearing from all of the other GOP candidates and from the media - anointed , top- tier Democratic candidates as well .
Mitt " We ought to DOUBLE Guantanamo " Romney would never suggest we stop using our military to interfere around the world , nor would the Huckster or Hillary or John McCain or O - Bomb-a , all of whom are clear that we might just have to remain in Iraq , for instance , until 2013 and perhaps until Hell freezes over , as with South Korea .
Here , as with the Federal Reserve and so many other things , Ron Paul is bringing topics and truths into the mainstream that the power elite would kill to keep hidden .
Gulp .
Snapshot forecast : I am largely in agreement with Denmark - based Saxo Bank , which forecasts chaos in 2008 .
For example , on the economic side , they see oil going to 175 dollars per barrel .
They see U.S. markets dropping a solid 25 percent and other markets having problems also ; they expect the Chinese market to collapse by 40 percent .
Oh , and in the political realm , they see Dr. Ron Paul winning the 2008 election .
As I said : these five major tipping points are all interrelated .
Saxo has a surprisingly good track record ( here are their predictions for 2007 ) but no one is right all the time , and as much as I hate writing this , I see the anti-Paul forces as likely to prevent his nomination .
If he does capture the GOP nomination , I predict he will win in a landslide ( unless Kucinich is the Democratic nominee , in which case I expect a close race ) , but I see maybe a 25 % chance for Paul to become the Republican standard - bearer .
In a few weeks time , after the first few primaries , there will be more information to work with .
In the meantime , I expect the federal government to continue amassing unconstitutional laws , agencies , signing statements , executive orders , regulations , and other assaults on our freedoms and wallets , with acceleration in the use of these pseudo - legal tools against average citizens .
The worse this gets , the more people will support Dr. Paul and any other credible pro-freedom candidates who might emerge .
It is perhaps not overly dramatic to characterize this as a race between the forces of extreme tyranny and the forces of liberty ; between the corrupt power elite and the people as a whole .
I do not yet have the sense of even 50 - 50 odds for avoiding the disaster of an outright police state , but as the Paul campaign awakens millions and gets them hopeful and then actually excited about the prospects of freedom , the odds are improving , and rapidly .
Even a win for Paul wo n't end the danger and even a loss for him wo n't end the revived movement for liberty he has sparked , but clearly putting Ron Paul in the White House would be a powerful move back from the brink .
Maybe we could even bulldoze those detention camps .
Potential upside and opportunity : Freedom !
OK , partial freedom .
Perhaps " the beginning of movement away from tyranny " would be more accurate .
" Freedom " is what Henry David Thoreau was talking about in Civil Disobedience when he wrote " That government is best which governs not at all . "
2008 will not bring us that , but it could well see the start of progress in the right direction .
If not , I shudder to think about where we are headed .
Another potential and related benefit is wider understanding of where the Old Media stands in this struggle , which is to say firmly on the side of evil .
The shocking behavior of most of the Old Media outlets in their coverage of Ron Paul makes it very clear that the corporate Old Media favors the stances and worldview of their favored candidates : they ( both the candidates and the media ) are , with occasional exceptions to some part of this list , pro-war , pro-torture , pro-tyranny , pro-Drug War , pro-empire , pro-central bank , pro-fiat currency , pro-income tax , pro-government takeover of health care , pro-gun control , pro-secrecy , and in favor of basically anything that takes money and power away from the masses and gives it to the elite .
There are a few individual exceptions among the people working in front of the cameras or at the dead - tree media 's word processors , but they are rare .
If nothing else , our worsening economic and political situation combined with Dr. Ron Paul 's courageous and spectacularly popular run for the presidency have brought awareness and open discussion of these issues -- that is , of the real issues , which the Old Media has worked so hard to distract the public from ( Oh look : Paris Hilton snagged a nail ! ) -- and shown people where the various players stand .
The year ahead will be interesting indeed .
- - - - -
Next week : Part 2 of this column .
- - - - -
* On the adage of Crisis = Danger +
Opportunity , the linked page points out the following in regards the Chinese symbols :
However in reality , a crisis is still a dangerous state of affairs - regardless of the language .
Crisis wei ji still means " a situation that has reached an extremely difficult or dangerous point " .
However , a dangerous situation can become an opportunity if wei ji becomes zhuan3 ji1 .
Zhuan ji means " turn for the better " .
Zhuan means " turn into " .
So zhuan ji means " turn into opportunity " .
In this sense , the Chinese symbol crisis can mean " opportunity " in a time of " danger " .
Others also point out that using the Chinese characters for " crisis " to support the adage is not entirely sensible ; see the related essay on Wikipedia for one example .
The image file of the characters used above is a resized version of one used in the linked article ( here it is again ) .
** To be more precise , in 1933 , U.S. gold coins were " called in " and possessing more than $ 100 worth was made illegal , with stiff fines and jail terms for offenders .
People got paper dollars for their gold , and gold jewelry and numismatic - grade coins were not affected .
This particular mass violation of Constitutional rights in America was perpetrated by FDR , the same criminal who had all those Japanese - Americans , most of whom were U.S. citizens , forced into detention camps for the duration of World War II .
That was blatant racism combined with raw tyranny ( not to mention obdurate stupidity ) , yet the same people who today pounce on anyone who utters a remotely racial word are ( in the main ) somehow able to continue their hero - worship of Roosevelt .
The embargo for the Fisker Karma Luxury Hybrid from coachbuilder Fisker ( responsible for questionably revised european luxury models ) was broken two days ago and then unbroken by some concerned PR people and now it appears that AutoBlog .
it has broken the embargo again !
Molto Bene !
The Karma Hybrid will be powered by the Quantum Technologies - sourced Q-DRIVE System ( a series hybrid with a small gas engine running to generate power for lithium ion battery packs ) .
This is good for a claimed 0 - 60 mph time of six seconds and a top speed of 125 mph and a range of 50 miles on batteries alone .
[ AutoBlog.it ]
Advertisement
" ... because common people think like so - and - so ... "
In debates over merits of programming paradigms , languages , and tools , often the way ordinary humans think is cited .
For example , some opinions dismiss non-imperative programming " because people think in terms of states " , or non-object - oriented programming " because people think in terms of manipulating objects " .
I think this is all very well .
Ordinary people also fear blood and gore .
Can you imagine an " opinion leader " in medical science saying " never cut open the body of appendicitis patients because it would be tough to doctors " ?
Medical treatments are assessed based on benefit and harm to patients , not comfort of doctors .
Medical students are required to learn to face blood and gore , or quit .
The " natural " or " common " argument is never brought up in professions such as medicine and surgery , law , accounting , and engineering whenever there are debates over methodologies and training .
It is not ordinary people 's nature to be rigorous , analytic , quantitative , formal , rational , calm , objective , impartial , ...
The professions do not give in to human nature ; quite on the contrary , apprentices are trained for years against human nature , and those who fail to change are weeded out .
There are professions and professional training because the way of common people is deficient .
If common people can think of nothing other than states and objects , perhaps programmers should grow out of it .
Also posted to comp.lang.functional ( Google copy ) and Lambda the Ultimate .
Erowid goes non-profit !
I 'm posting an historic letter from the good folks at Erowid.org .
This is indeed very fortunate news .
December Greetings !
( If you 're an Erowid Member , you 've already received this message . )
We wanted to send out this special announcement to let everyone know that after two years of dealing with lawyers and red-tape , the IRS has finally approved our new organization " Erowid Center " as a U.S. 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax - deductible charitable organization .
This is the news we 've been hoping to get !
With this formal approval , donations to Erowid Center are now tax - deductible in the U.S. Receiving IRS approval is a big step in our goal towards making the Erowid project stable and sustainable over the long term .
We hope that it will help us continue to improve the quality and reliability of available information about psychaoctive plants , chemicals , technologies and practices .
We plan to begin Erowid Center 's daily operations on Jan 1 , 2008 .
Erowid Center is n't yet set up to take donations by credit card , but if you would like to make a tax - deductible donation by check in 2007 , please email us at donations@erowid.org .
We continue to be able to take non -tax - deductible donations through the website as usual , by credit card , PayPal , or check ( www.erowid.org/donations/).
As always , we can use your contributions !
We really appreciate the support Erowid visitors have shown us over the past twelve years .
Thanks from all of us .
Fire , Earth & the Erowid Crew
Erowid.org » more at : erowid.org Posted By jamesk at 2007 - 12-12 11:34:54 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
Tensions have been high in New Orleans over a lack of housing
The US Department of Housing and Urban Development wants to replace the units , which were damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , with new mixed - income housing .
But critics say the development will restrict the stock of cheap housing .
Earlier , police used pepper spray and stun guns on the protesters when they tried to get into the council chamber .
Several people were treated for the effects of the pepper spray .
It is not known if any of the protesters were arrested .
Temporary housing
Following hours of debate and clashes outside the meeting , New Orleans City Council voted in favour of the government 's plan to replace the decades - old structures damaged by Katrina to be demolished .
Beforehand , critics of the plan had argued it would further restrict the stock of cheap housing at a time when the city is still struggling to rebuild from Katrina .
They also said the brick buildings were still sound and only needed to be renovated .
" It is beyond callous , and can only be seen as malicious discrimination , " said Kali Akuno of the Coalition to Stop the Demolition .
" It is an unabashed attempt to eliminate the black population of New Orleans . "
But supporters of the demolition plan argued it would allow developers to take advantage of tax breaks and build new neighbourhoods with an allotment of low - income housing .
Thousands of families from the southern states hit by Hurricane Katrina are still living in government - funded temporary housing , including caravan parks .
READER COMMENTS ON
" DANIEL ELLSBERG : Covering Up the Coverage - The American Media 's Complicit Failure to Investigate and Report on the Sibel Edmonds Case "
( 45 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/21/2008 @ 1:09 am PT ...
One good thing has come of all of this .
The US media has been exposed at all angles for what it is : overwhelmingly fascist .
Things that Expose the Overwhelmingly Fascist Media for what it is :
1 ) A blackout of the Sibel Edmonds case
2 ) Cheerleading George W. Bush 's unnecessary and unjustified war against Iraq , although Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11
3 ) Not honestly reporting on the massive Iraq civilian deaths caused by US bombings and other military actions .
3 ) Blacking out US soldier casualties , and failure to reveal show the physical damage rendered by the war , such is loss of limb , permanent paralysis , disfigurement .
The US media cuts all of those images out , presenting the Iraq war in ways that are more fantasy - like and less realistic and graphic than Pan 's Labyrinth .
4 ) Cutting Dennis Kucinich and Ron Paul from debates and participating with the fascist Democratic party in making democracy subservient to corporate interests .
5 ) War profiteering .
In the case of NBC / MSNBC are owned by defense contractors General Electric .
Would an investigation into corporate holdings reveal that the entire US media has been war - profiteering ?
6 ) Actively lobbying with great success to erode all remaining anti-trust laws etc. that control their monopolization of the transmission of " news " and " information " ( or , more accurately , suppression of it )
7 ) Fighting tooth and nail against Net Neutrality , so as to eventually control the internet .
And stop such inconvenient sites as Bradblog ?
8 ) NBC and AT&T have been stating their desire to filter the internet , purportedly to stop copyright violations , but once their foot is in the door ...( suppress dissent ? )
Clearly , America 's population is finally starting to see what the entire world has known for quite some time :
The US Media is overwhelmingly fascist .
The Overwhelmingly Fascist Media of the United States serves vile and destructive corporate interests , and is more engaged in suppressing inconvenient facts than reporting news .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Sarah said on 1/21/2008 @ 2:03 am PT ...
Amazing !
I originally found the link to this on Antiwar.com .
We are so fucked and NO ONE sees it in the United States .
We live in the scariest of times .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 1/21/2008 @ 2:14 am PT ...
Kudos , Brad , and thank you Daniel !
This has to be the greatest scandal ever !
We must bombard the media .
Shame obviously wo n't work , but their inevitable irrelevance if they refuse to publish real news just might scare them .
Trouble is , they 're all so deeply entwined in the corruption that their extinction may be the only possibility .
Thank goodness for the fearless BradBlog , for Sibel , for Daniel ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Flores said on 1/21/2008 @ 4:20 am PT ...
50 years we now know Joe McCarthy was stunned to receive a list of spies names from one of the heads of KGB .
( No one on the left or right ever asked where he got his names from , presuming he just randomly selected them .
We now know better ) .
He had proof that most of the names had been known for more than 10 years , yet the spies were allowed to stay in the government .
With the outbreak of the Cold War , it became necessary to coverup the non-action by the government - from OSS , to CIA , from the press to the FBI and Army , all united to hide their negligence by destroying McCarthy and creating a " Matrix like " reality about the era to confuse the public .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Flores said on 1/21/2008 @ 4:22 am PT ...
Apparenly nothing has changed .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/21/2008 @ 4:30 am PT ...
McCarthy ?
" Stunned " ?
More like stoned .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 1/21/2008 @ 5:23 am PT ...
Amy Goodman asked the question , " What would be the difference if we had state media ? "
Subscriptions and ratings have gone down since Bushco .
Money runs this country .
So .. We need to say the words .
It 's hard but names are important .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/21/2008 @ 5:55 am PT ...
" The American Media 's Complicit Failure to Investigate and Report on the Sibel Edmonds Case " Ha !
How about their " in - bed " ded reporters in the leadup to the Iraq War , e-vote machines , 9/11 , etc ...???
The word " corporate " is in " corporate - controlled mainstream media " !
Notice the lack of coverage of Edwards the more populist his message became ?
You 'd think he 's not running anymore !
You would think only Hillary & Obama are running on the Democratic ticket !
Hmmmmm .... you think the CMSM wants either Hillary or Obama in there ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... mary ann ford said on 1/21/2008 @ 6:08 am PT ...
Speaking of alternative media - maybe Sibel needs to take this story to the Rolling Stone magazine .
If they agree to print it , this story will reach a lot of people and put the mainstream media to shame .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... medicis said on 1/21/2008 @ 6:16 am PT ...
The Rolling Stone is owned .
You wo n't get any reporting there that is not ' sanctioned ' by the elites .
So , in other words , ' do n't hold your breath ' .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Tom3 said on 1/21/2008 @ 7:00 am PT ...
9 -11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB !!!
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Cyteria said on 1/21/2008 @ 8:34 am PT ...
Mr. Ellsberg ,
I 've long regarded you as a true American hero .
Seems I must now add Ms. Sibel Edmonds to my list .
Would the NYTime and the Washington Post publish the Pentagon Papers today ?
I sent the Times an article documenting torture was being used as a matter of policy six months before the story on Abu Graib broke and they ignored it .
I pointed to the use of torture as a matter of policy at the highest level and all my sources were easily avaiable on the Web ( such as an interview with SoD Rumsfeld in the Paris Match where he admitted he encouraged screening of the 1966 film " The Battle of Algiers " -- where the use of torture is highlighted as a means of interrogation by the French -- to the Pentagon . )
Much much later , I contacted the ethics ombudsman at the Times pointing out they had the story and ignored it and I got back what I can describe only as a hot - headed and irrational reply .
The news media has adopted relativism as their criterion for truth , and " balance " is the watchword .
There is no way the Bush administration can put a good spin on such issues , and an accusation such as Sibel Edmonds ' is viewed by the MSM not as a revelation ; to them , it must be some kind of " partisan " strategy to discredit the incumbent .
That 's all I can figure out .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Alan MacDonald said on 1/21/2008 @ 8:46 am PT ...
The global corporatist EMPIRE , which hides behind this facade of a full two - party " Vichy " American government and a fully ' Vichy ' MSM , must be confronted and battled in a Second American Revolution even more so than the British Empire was in the first .
This latest revelation of the Empire 's lies and deceit only reinforce the numerous and compelling proofs we have already seen in foreign imperialist wars and domestic tyranny .
As Hannah Arendt presciently said decades ago : " Empire abroad ( always ) entails tyranny at home . "
Now we see both --- and we need to clearly see the claw - prints of this global corporatist Empire .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... naschkatze said on 1/21/2008 @ 9:21 am PT ...
I asked this question on Raw Story and got no reply so I 'm hoping there is someone here with the answer .
If The Sunday Times in London which is breaking the Sibel Edmonds story abroad is owned by Rupert Murdoch , why can Mr. Murdoch not publish the same stories in the American press which he owns ?
Are there legal constraints against him doing that here ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/21/2008 @ 9:23 am PT ...
The MSM is a one trick pony now daze in Amurka .
Mr. Ellsberg lived in America , which is now considered " quaint " by Amurkans .
MSM theme song :
People are crazy and times are strange
I 'm locked in tight , I 'm out of range
I used to care , but things have changed ( Bob Dylan ) .
The MSM only cares about celebrity ( they see themselves as stars on TV ) , profit ( get them gummit bucks flowin ) , and being proper ( i.e. brown nosing the regime currently paying them ) in the eyes of " the authorities " .
They used to care , but things have changed .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:25 am PT ...
naschkatze From what I 've read , Murdoch , is very sensitive to the political conditions in each country where he does business .
He tailors his content to match what the administration of each country wants .
Does it in China , and he does it here .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:26 am PT ...
His bread does n't get buttered without them , after all .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:26 am PT ...
Naschkatze # 14 - As Edmonds pointed out in our coverage of the story late Saturday night ( here ) , it 's not a matter of Murdoch publishing these stories , as much as the reporters at the British paper digging into things that it seems US reporters wo n't ( for whatever reason ) .
With that noted , I 'll mention that the Fox " News " website did run the story on Sunday , reposting the entire UK Sunday Times article in full ( here ) .
As well , Drudge linked to the original Sunday Times article yesterday .
Make of all of that whatever you will .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... avatara singha said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:29 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : I 'm sorry , I can't see how this relates to the post , and it 's radically too long .
It looks to have been cut and pasted , so maybe you want to try giving us a link instead .
Sorry .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... deepthroat said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:30 am PT ...
Follow the money .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:39 am PT ...
OT - War Veterans say many things , but this is the first time I have heard them say :
" The killing of innocent civilians is policy , " said veteran Mike Blake .
" It 's unit policy and it 's Army policy .
It 's not official policy , but it's what 's happens on the ground everyday .
It 's what unit commanders individually encourage . "
Veteran Matt Howard concurred : " These decisions are coming from the top down , " Howard said .
" The tactics that we use , the policies that the military engages , will create situations , create dynamics , create --- ultimately --- atrocity . " ( Raw Story ) .
I can't help but think the Sibel Story has been ordered hush hush ... in other words the preznit blush regime has told the prestitutes not to run the story or else .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... deke33 said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:39 am PT ...
Is n't it fitting that we have to remind the main stream media that a German , Peter Zenger , went to trial and proved that the press ( media ) has every right to print the truth ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... erichwwk said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:48 am PT ...
As the son of someone that worked on Team A ( see Team B ) and who 's on NJ Gov.
Corzine 's list of possible Nazi war criminals , it is high time that Americans addressed the incompatibility of secret government agencies and democracy - they are mutually exclusive .
And perhaps Gov. Corzine could focus on living and working war criminals , rather than those dead , and doing what thousands of Americans are doing today - building weapons of mass destruction , genocide , and torture .
As Daniel writes : Many , if not most , covert operations deserve to be disclosed by a free press .
They are often covert not only because they are illegal but because they are wildly ill - conceived and reckless .
" Sensitive " and " covert " are often synonyms for " half - assed " or " idiotic , " as well as for " criminal , " as the pattern of activities revealed by Edmonds would appear to be if it were truly presidentially authorized .
These activities persist , covertly , to the point of national disaster because the press neglects what our First Amendment was precisely intended to protect and encourage it to do : expose wrongdoing by officials .
It might also be useful to reread Billmon 's widely distributed post of Sept. 11 , 2006 , The Sixteen Acre Ditch where he writes :
It 's getting hard to see how these trends can be reversed .
Maybe they can't ( which would explain why all empires , at least so far , have eventually declined and fallen . )
In the past I 've used the economic concept of market failure to describe the process whereby dissident voices and uncomfortable views are gradually weeded out of the " marketplace of ideas , " allowing errors to go uncorrected , lies to go unchallenged ( or ignored ) and ideological orthodoxy to calcify into self - delusion :
Watching the punditocracy spin its ideological wheels these days , it 's hard not to be reminded of the later years of the Soviet Union --- a nation dedicated to proposition that the marketplace of ideas should never be allowed to clear .
As the system declined into senility it , too , became increasingly detached from reality .
Soviet pundits and academic ideologues churned out reams of bad ideas and stupid policies .
Soviet Krauthammers advised the Politburo to invade Afghanistan .
( " It will be a cakewalk . " )
Soviet [ James ]
Glassmans told it to crank up the central planning .
( " Traditional capitalist measures of valuation mean nothing . " )
When the public discourse on Edward R. Murrow 's old network consists of Katie Couric introducing Rush Limbaugh 's buffoonish views , you know the intellectual and ideological rot is well advanced --- maybe not quite as far as the Soviet Union in the ' 80s , but getting there .
One of my favorite books about the Soviet collapse was titled " The Age of Delirium " which I think perfectly captured the progressive insanity of a system that could no longer even understand , much less believe , its own lies .
I think of that book practically every time George W. Bush or Dick Cheney or Donald Rumsfeld open their mouths in public .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/21/2008 @ 11:43 am PT ...
When one tries to vote the fascists out of power , we must rely on :
In New Hampshire , the ballot chain of custody is a bunch of broken cardboard boxes with a post - it on top .
( Bev Harris , Eye on New Hampshire ) .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... theothermax said on 1/21/2008 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
Comment #1......... Adam
Are you related to Benjamin ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Laney said on 1/21/2008 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
Brad , this is a bit OT in this thread but your recent article on the e-voting train wreck in South Carolina , was spot on .
An old pal of mine down at Clemson in South Carolina , says the place is on red alert right now -- there has been discussion especially in the Black community , of Clinton staffers making attempts to do hacking on an e-voting machine in the state .
Some inducement to a local official , something to that effect , which needless to say did n't work this time around .
Needless to say , especially considering the awful racially - tinged nature of the Democratic nomination contest , even the very hint of ballot - tampering by the Clinton campaign , has absolutely dangerous implications for our electoral system and even the peace of this nation .
My pal down at Clemson says that people are on the verge of rioting at even the mention of this hacking attempt , and it's only going to become more intense as the week goes along .
The election officials in SC need to have a voting system that works , and is trusted by the people .
What they have right now is nothing more than a fiasco .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 1/21/2008 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
" I gave them the Pentagon Papers in 1971 .
They printed them then .
Would they today ? "
Of course they would NOT .
The New York Times has had AT LEAST three different stories of Pentagon Papers - level volatility and each time they " spiked " the stories until they would be less damaging to the Bush Administration .
The New York Times has bent over BACKWARDS to show that they are not " liberal " by being right - wing and conservative and supressing information that would have let the American people make an honest decision about the Bush Administration and their criminality .
The Washington Post does n't even CONSIDER letting their reports run with stories that would be critical to the Administration .
If they print them at all , it 's " just once and then buried and dead . "
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/21/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
People of the United States of America VS Government of the United States of America 's Coverup and Propagandizing of the Informattion Essential to a Funtioning Democracy throught Media Manipulation !
This is no small matter : no less than the welfare of humanity is at stake with nuclear proliferation and wars of aggression based on lies .
Under the cover of corporate media propaganda and complicit silence until after the fact , we are now world terrorists spying , lying , stealing , kidnapping , torturing , killing and engaging in illegal wars of aggression for world resource and military strategic dominance all aided and abetted by corporate media for PROFIT .
The latest example of the crime ... the FAKED news reports on the Irainian speed boats threatening 3 US war ships in the Straight of Hormuz , plain as the nose on your face .
Just what we need a third war based on LIES !
Do you hear about any one being held accountable for that ?
NO , just the next freaking crisis they create , or worse the dog and pony show of elections !
But never a word on Sibel 's damning information .
That is CRIMINAL .
The media 's silence on Sibel 's case , the push to conflagrate the Irainian sitation into war , the cheerleading us into the Iraq war , the almost total blackout of information on secret electronic vote counting , and impeachment information , the list goes on and on .
These corporations are not serving the public interest and do not deserve the liscences they have to operate on our public airwaves .
They are the major problem of American complacency and misinformation and gutter trash addiction .
It has n't been that long since the Church Commission has it ?
One simply need insert terrorism for communism and viola the same creepy mess .
http://en.wikipedia.org/...ki/Operation_Mockingbird
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/21/2008 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Laney # 26
The candidate who did what to who is generally irrelevant on this blog , since this blog is non-partisan in its concepts of fair voting .
We want every voter 's vote to count as it should , and we want every candidate to get every single vote cast for that candidate .
Green , Republican , Democrat , Independent , and every other party is in our minds to be the recipient of a fair and complete election .
And we criticize Green , Republican , Democrat , Independent , and every other party that gets in the way of any such fair election !
It really is that simple .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/21/2008 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
Theothermax ( what 's with the nom de plume ? ) , I do n't get it .
There are lots of Adam Fulfords in the world .
Why would you ask a silly question like that ?
Why did n't you ask me if I 'm related to Jade Fulford , Miss Jamaica World 2003 , or the stars of that reality show about British aristocrats struggling to keep their crumbling manor together , " The F* ck*ng Fulfords " ?
Anyway ... Yes , he 's my brother .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... marzi said on 1/21/2008 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
Jon Gold says there 's more to Sibel 's story - well I 'd love to read it .
Must be doubly incriminating with paper trails naming the 9/11 gang , and those selling state secrets .
Murdoch did n't do any real damage to the 9/11 myth by printing this half of Sibel 's story .
This part alleges Osama was involved ( even if ultimately just being used . )
So , Murdoch only advanced disinformation .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/21/2008 @ 6:50 pm PT ...
Has anybody mentioned that none of the so - called " major Democratic candidates " have said anything about it ?
These phonies --- Hillary Clinton , Obama Barack , and John Edwards --- do n't even have the backbone to stand up for democracy .
They not only let war - profiteering corporations dictate the terms of democracy , but actively instigated the anti-democratic practice of suppressing democratic discourse by shutting Dennis Kucinich out of the debates .
While Dennis Kucinich is the only democratic candidate whose voting record matches his rhetoric , this is not about Kucinich per se .
This is about the viability of the American democracy ( and , in turn , other democracies around the world ) .
If they do n't have the moral fortitude to stand up for Dennis Kucinich --- a legitimate candidate --- and letting his voice be heard , what makes anybody think they'd hear the voices and address the concerns of regular American citizens ?
Get real .
Obama , Clinton , and Edwards all voted for the war against Iraq even thought it had nothing to do with 9/11 , then repeatedly voted in favor of funding it .
With nary a little protest , they then shamefully let defense contractor GE ( owner of MSNBC ) dictate which candidates could participate in a political debate .
Only Dennis Kucinich actually voted against this unjustified and unnecessary war and against funding it .
The other candidates --- endorsed by the Overwhelmingly Fascist Media --- are wimpy corporate sycophants who helped enable fascism to take hold in the United States .
Kucinich did n't , and that is why the Overwhelmingly Fascist Media and the corporation - controlled Democratic Party are scared of him and shutting him out .
They 'll roll over for whoever is pulling the strings in cutting out Sibel Edmonds ' voice too .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 1/21/2008 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Thanks to Mr. Ellsberg even Commondreams.org , ( a great resource for progressives ) , is taking the BradBlog seriously now .
They published this article today with all of the appropriate links to this blog .
Now if we can just get them to help Brad save the 2008 election instead of largely ignoring the issue of election fraud , for fear of looking like conspiracy theorists , all these years .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... gandhi said on 1/21/2008 @ 9:20 pm PT ...
Further to the issue of why The Sunday Times in London is breaking the Sibel Edmonds story even though it is owned by Murdoch , it is worth noting that a UK government enquiry into media ownership is currently underway .
The Sunday Times has many fine journalists who are no doubt itching to get stories like this into print , and what is Murdoch going to do if their editors give the thumbs up ?
Spike the story personally and take the heat for such intrusive management ?
Not likely !
Furthermore , there are probably legal issues used by US media barons to explain why they do not want to touch this story , whereas such legal issues might not apply to UK papers .
But in fact the door is now open for US media to post stories about the Sunday Times ' story : " A British paper has claimed that ... blah blah "
Why do n't they ?
No excuse , except that US media publishers are in bed with the whole Murdoch - Bush - Davos mob .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
Murdoch probably has the same difficulty that some of the bigger wingnut investors did with Knight Ridder when the Knight Ridder Washington Bureau got too " uppity " for their tastes .
Knight Ridder was a pretty decentralized command structure ( in terms of content ) .
I know , I used to work there at the turn of the century when the original 2000 election happened ( did the shared election page for many of their papers ) .
That was probably a big reason for the selloff of the paper to McClatchy .
But even under McClatchy , they still seem to be relatively more independent , though some parts of McClatchy newspaper empire chooses to " edit " the Washington Bureau 's stories , as Brad noted earlier with the KC paper distorting some of the election and U.S. prosecutor stories earlier last year .
Murdoch might have some control , but they do n't have complete control .
It 's interesting when looking at how many corporations also do n't have direct control over their Japanese affiliates , as Japan requires that companies that have branches in Japan need to have those branches owned and controlled by local Japanese entities there , unlike multinationals in other countries might .
I have a feeling that British law might restrict the amount of control Murdoch might have over these papers .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 1/21/2008 @ 10:35 pm PT ...
Calipendence , are you Theothermax ?
Your comments on Japan are mighty suspicious .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Politico said on 1/22/2008 @ 2:47 am PT ...
I have great respect for Daniel Ellsberg , but something about this story does n't smell right .
US intel does n't have to steal nuclear secrets off the black market to peddle them .
The US is the biggest nuclear power on the planet and has access to every nuclear secret imaginable .
Plus , why peddle secrets to Pakistan , another nuclear power ?
Saudi Arabia , maybe , but Pakistan ?
Sibel Edmonds could well have stumbled upon a 2 - way sting operation .
The goal would be to find out what information is available on the black market and the persons in different countries who are seeking said information .
These are a few of the reasons why if I were a journalist I do n't think I 'd touch this story either .
That does n't mean her other allegations do n't deserve a fair hearing , but that hearing should probably be behind closed doors due to her sensitive intellligence position .
Only after it has been vetted should Congressional Committees decide whether to declassify the information and make it public .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/22/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
Politico # 37
The culprit in this story is not US intel .
Your premise therefore being flawed , leads inevitably to the illogical deduction .
The culprits come from the state department and congress ab initio .
Thus your apologetics are an aside .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/22/2008 @ 9:19 am PT ...
Wider coverage and questions are cropping up .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Henry Barth said on 1/22/2008 @ 11:00 am PT ...
All this should make you appreciate J. Edgar Hoover all the more .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/22/2008 @ 11:06 am PT ...
There is one thing of note , the family of preznit blush has been in this business a long time .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Davol said on 1/22/2008 @ 12:41 pm PT ...
This is why my nickname for the American media is PRAVDA .
People with minds that already go beyond the television brainwash know exactly what I mean by PRAVDA .
The rest of you must be young or something .
The Internet is the solution to this problem , and just needs to continue making a fool out of PRAVDA .
I read the Internet and just watch the TV news to get pissed off at the PRAVDA .
Hell we Internet readers are better informed than Congress itself , and we knew long before the war started that there were no Weapons of Mass Destruction in Iraq .
Speaking of no Weapons of Mass Destruction , why is there no WMD 's in Iraq when nobody can say this administration is too honest to not plant them ?
I caught an Internet rumor years ago about a shipment of VX nerve gas that was stopped in November of 2002 from being smuggled into Iraq through Turkey .
It was topped by the CIA through the Brewster , Jennings , and Associates front company headed by Valarie Plame .
There are Internet rumors of Vice Presidential staff working with Turkey in secret before the war .
The forged Niger Uranium documents came from that bit of espionage .
Recently an Al Qaeda detainee admitted to training 9/11 hijackers in Turkey which I hear was what prompted Sibel Edmonds to give this interview to the London times since that was one of the facts her intercepts produced knowledge of , and she 's been gagged by the US government for her knowledge of this .
What she knows might blow the lid off of this Turkey - Al Qaeda - Iraq connection with a finger pointing right at the office of the Vice President .
The reason that lid is n't getting blown off may also be the reason that the Valarie Plame affair never went past the obstruction of justice charge against Libby .
Libby was protecting the Vice President .
I 'm sure whatever the story is , it 's better than fiction with that lid blown off .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/22/2008 @ 1:41 pm PT ...
Huffington Post gives Bradblog credit .
Now that is a good thing !
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/22/2008 @ 3:13 pm PT ...
Okay , here 's a doozy .
Just when you thought things might start to get cleaned up , here come the real nutcases in charge
http://www.guardian.co.u...story/0,,2244782,00.html
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Vman said on 1/22/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
I originally wrote this equation for an interview on the PRI radio program Fair Game , but we got to chatting and ran out of time , so I thought I 'd blog it as well .
Let me first say that I think it would be a lot of fun to invade Trinidad .
While I mean no disrespect to Trinidad , I 'm fairly certain it would not be an overly cumbersome task for the U.S. military ( even extended as they are ) .
And the exit strategy would be obvious : after Carnival , we come home .
We could make it a yearly event — invade Trinidad , party for a couple weeks , and then bring the troops home .
Talk about a morale booster !
And not just military morale — the entire country could ride the wave of patriotic fervor , immediate military success , scenes of troops partying with the locals , and then ticker - tape parades when the troops return to the grateful nation .
I 'm afraid , though , this good - natured drubbing of a small Caribbean party island is unlikely in the current political climate .
At least historically , we have chosen not to invade countries like Trinidad .
And notice the equation is not " Should " we invade country X , but " Will " we invade .
Unfortunately , this " will " necessitates taking into account not only my personal bent toward invasion to the soundtrack of steel drums and camouflage that includes rasta wigs , but also the historical record of who we have and have not actually invaded , and why we chose these countries over others .
Granted this equation is a bit shoot - from - the - hip , but the results are spooky ( see below ) .
Will we invade country X ?
Click image for full size
L= In the past twenty years , how implicated in the loss of American lives has this country been ?
( 1 - 10 with 10 being Afghanistan and 1 being Switzerland )
T= How totalitarian is the government ( 1 - 10 with 1 being Finland and 10 being North Korea )
G= In thousands , the Google hits when searching “ sanctions against [ country ] ”
N= In your opinion , the president ’s opinion of this country ’s overall WMD scariness ( 1 - 10 with 1 being Vatican City and 10 being Iran )
B= Enter 10 if this country is on the U.S. State Department ’s list of states that sponsor terrorism
W= Enter 5 if there is a travel warning against this country
E= In millions , the barrels per day of oil exports
I= How important is this country to the stability of the region ( 1 - 10 with 10 being China , Russia , etc . )
P= Percentage of the population below the poverty line ( if not in CIA fact book , enter 20 )
$= In billions , the country ’s GDP
O= Add the following : 5 if this country is a NATO member ; 5 if it is in the EU ; 2 if it is in the WTO ; 10 if it is on the NATO Security Council .
If GwJoe is greater than 1 , we will invade the country in question .
Data and Results ( yes , some of the 1 - 10 variables are my subjective opinion ) :
Click image for full size
As you can see ( or maybe you can't ' cause it 's so small — sorry ) , this correctly predicts invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan , with the only surprise being that we will also invade Haiti ( driven by the extreme poverty ) .
Also , Iran is quite close at .945 , as is Sudan at .907 .
This equation also successfully predicts ( retroactively ) the invasions of Cuba , Bosnia , and Somalia .
WRONG SIDE OF THE LAW WRONG SIDE OF THE LAW Federal judicial districts with the most prosecutions for alleged law enforcement misconduct during first 10 months of fiscal year 2007 :
Brooklyn , N.Y. 11 Milwaukee 8 Jackson , Miss. 5 Chicago 3 Cleveland 2
Source : Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University ; Julie Snider , USA TODAY WASHINGTON  Federal prosecutors are targeting a rising number of law enforcement officers for alleged brutality , Justice Department statistics show .
The heightened prosecutions come as the nation 's largest police union fears that agencies are dropping standards to fill thousands of vacancies and " scrimping " on training .
Cases in which police , prison guards and other law enforcement authorities have used excessive force or other tactics to violate victims ' civil rights have increased 25 % ( 281 vs. 224 ) from fiscal years 2001 to 2007 over the previous seven years , the department says .
During the same period , the department says it won 53 % more convictions ( 391 vs. 256 ) .
Some cases result in multiple convictions .
Federal records show the vast majority of police brutality cases referred by investigators are not prosecuted .
' CODE OF SILENCE ' : Milwaukee beating case collars ' bad cops ' University of Toledo law professor David Harris , who analyzes police conduct issues , says it will take time to determine whether the cases represent a sustained period of more aggressive prosecutions or the beginnings of a surge in misconduct .
The cases involve only a fraction of the estimated 800,000 police in the USA , says James Pasco , executive director of the National Fraternal Order of Police ( FOP ) , the nation 's largest police union .
Even so , he says , the FOP is concerned that reduced standards , training and promotion of less experienced officers into the higher police ranks could undermine more rigid supervision .
" These are things we are worried about , " Pasco says .
For the past few years , dozens of police departments across the country have scrambled to fill vacancies .
The recruiting effort , which often features cash bonuses , has intensified since 9/11 , because many police recruits have been drawn to military service .
In its post - Sept. 11 reorganization , the FBI listed police misconduct as one of its highest civil rights priorities to keep pace with an anticipated increase in police hiring through 2009 .
The increasing Justice numbers generally correspond to a USA TODAY analysis of federal law enforcement prosecutions using data compiled by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University .
Those data show 42 law enforcement prosecutions during the first 10 months of fiscal year 2007 , a 66 % increase from all of fiscal 2002 and a 61 % rise from a decade ago .
David Burnham , the co-founder of the TRAC database , says prosecutions appear to be increasing , but " more important " are the numbers of cases prosecutors decline .
Last year , 96 % of cases referred for prosecution by investigative agencies were declined .
In 2005 , 98 % were declined , a rate that has remained " extremely high " under every administration dating to President Carter , according to a TRAC report .
The high refusal rates , say Burnham and law enforcement analysts , result in part from the extraordinary difficulty in prosecuting abuse cases .
Juries are conditioned to believe cops , and victims ' credibility is often challenged .
" When police are accused of wrongdoing , the world is turned upside down , " Harris says .
" In some cases , it may be impossible for ( juries ) to make the adjustment . "
Enlarge By Mel Evans , AP Police officers subdue a man later identified as Robert Davis in the French Quarter of New Orleans on Oct. 8 , 2005 .
A former police officer accused in the videotaped beating was acquitted last July by a judge who heard the case without a jury .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
But , as usual , the truth was n't good enough for Mitt
December 21 , 2007 1:53:54 PM
Click the image to read the Holland Evening Sentinel 's account of Detroit 's civil - rights demonstration from June 1963 .
On Sunday , June 23 , 1963 , 125,000 people marched down Detroit 's Woodward Avenue to the Civic Center , in what was described at the time as the largest civil - rights demonstration in the nation 's history .
According to the next day's account in the Holland Evening Sentinel , the crowd at the Center " lustily booed , " when representatives of Governor George W. Romney read a proclamation declaring " Freedom March Day in Michigan . "
But Martin Luther King Jr. did n't fault Romney for his absence , which the governor ascribed to his policy against public appearances on the Sabbath .
" At a news conference following the march . . . [ King ] refused to criticize Romney for not attending the demonstration , " the Sentinel reported .
" Issuing the proclamation , and sending his personal representatives , was probably more than 49 other governors would have been willing to do at that time , " says Clayborne Carson , director of the Martin Luther King Jr. Papers Project at Stanford University .
" It took considerable courage . "
Romney would go much further , participating in a small demonstration in Grosse Pointe later that week ; refusing to endorse Barry Goldwater in 1964 , largely because of Goldwater 's vote against the Civil Rights Act ; and , in 1965 , marching in Detroit to protest the police actions in Selma , Alabama .
These acts placed him at odds with his political party and with his church leadership .
They are the types of actions , in defense of principles and at the risk of ambitions , that appear to be lacking in Romney 's son — a failing that leads him , repeatedly , into false or exaggerated claims such as the one that has him in trouble this week .
Mitt Romney never questioned or decried the Mormon Church 's doctrine forbidding black priests , which continued until 1978 , at which time Romney was 31 years old , a vice president at Bain & Company , and the father of four .
So , for evidence of a principled stand he never took , Romney appropriated his father 's principles .
But , unlike King himself , Romney was not satisfied with what George Romney actually did .
He inflated it , placing his father into the iconic position of marching alongside the civil rights leader .
He did n't just use imprecise language , as his campaign is now spinning it .
His language — in at least three different nationally televised instances , including this past Sunday 's Meet the Press with Tim Russert — was precise enough : he had direct , personal first - hand knowledge that his father had marched with Dr. King .
The precision , in fact , is the problem : the sincerity with which he offered the memory , the emotion that led his eyes to well up .
This was not a man simply passing along something he had once come across in a David Broder book .
And yesterday , after being called on the issue , he offered more specifics .
He told reporters in Iowa that he recalled his father changing his mind , and deciding to march even though it was Sunday .
It was n't the first time Romney has abused a parental memory .
Running for Senate in Massachusetts , in 1994 , and trying to establish pro-choice credibility that he had done nothing to earn , Romney told stories about his mother , Lenore Romney , running on a strong pro-choice platform in her own unsuccessful bid for public office in 1970 .
Those tales were debunked by Boston Globe columnist Eileen McNamara .
Then , as now , Romney tried to buttress his statement with weak documentation at odds with the precision of the claim : in that case , Romney provided the Globe with a vaguely - worded campaign document that could be read as supporting the pre-Roe v Wade status quo , in which abortion was a felony in Michigan .
'' I support and recognize the need for more liberal abortion rights while reaffirming the legal and medical measures needed to protect the unborn and pregnant woman [ sic ] , " the document read .
Again , at that time , Romney did not just pass along falsehood as fact .
He sold it as personal truth , speaking of the painful memories of a close relative 's death , from complications of an illegal abortion .
Romney was telling that tale , of course , when it was politically expedient to be pro-choice .
Today , needing to be pro-life , he has a new , highly personal and emotional tale of personal conversion after a doctor showed him how stem cells are handled in research — another specific but uncorroborated story , about which even the doctor involved has expressed skepticism .
Romney once favored gun control ; now , needing gun-rights voters , he has falsely claimed to be a " lifelong hunter " and to have been endorsed in 2002 by the National Rifle Association – an endorsement the NRA never gave him .
Needing to establish anti-illegal - immigrant credentials , he boasts of an attitude that he never displayed while governor — when he expressed no concern over several " sanctuary cities " in the state — until the very end of his term , when he had turned his attention to the Republican Presidential nomination .
This week , he finds the need to attack Mike Huckabee on crime , and so Romney has re-invented his record there , falsely claiming , in a new ad , to have cracked down on methamphetamine .
It is not just that these are untruths .
They are the actions of a man desperate to cater to the whims of his audience .
What they want , he must appear to be .
This is the opposite of leadership — the opposite of the actions taken by his father in the 1960s .
It should be recalled that the infamous " brainwashed " comment that sunk George Romney 's 1968 Presidential candidate , cost him not merely because of the choice of words , but for the idea he was expressing : that what the generals were telling America about how the war was going in Vietnam was untrue .
That was heresy among pro-war Republicans , who quickly turned on Romney .
Today , Mitt Romney is attacking Huckabee for daring to criticize George W. Bush 's conduct of the Iraq War , in a recent Foreign Affairs article .
Romney , of course , has refused to speak ill of Bush — that would hurt him among the Republicans he is courting .
His father , one suspects , would be disappointed .
Hazel had helped coax Elizabeth out of her shell , but she was also a crutch .
Without her around , Elizabeth 's renewal intensified .
Her appearances before students grew more frequent , though they were never easy : she would not eat or drink beforehand , and would make sure a lined wastebasket and paper towels were on hand just in case she threw up .
She would read off cue cards , her hands shaking .
She would not wear her glasses , so she could not make out any disapproving faces .
She would speak fast , the better to exit quickly .
And never would she allow pictures ; after all , she was ugly .
I witnessed those difficulties firsthand a few years back , when Elizabeth spoke to a student group at a Golden Corral restaurant outside Little Rock .
She 'd been received reverentially , the boys and girls lining up beforehand to take her picture and have her sign their books .
Half an hour into her talk , though , something in her snapped , and she bolted for the door .
" I do apologize , but she is having an episode , " a group leader told the dumbfounded group .
With me , too , she 'd balk .
After one marathon phone call I found a message on my answering machine .
" I want to discontinue those long interviews , because those calls cause some backwash in my life that 's hard to deal with , " she said .
" I 'm having trouble sleeping at all . "
But she persevered , and I , too , could see the change .
Over time , Elizabeth refined her message , and her delivery .
She always spoke precisely and clearly , but now it is without notes .
She sprinkles in humor .
She goes over her personal story quickly and self - deprecatingly .
" A 65 - year - old footnote to the past , " she calls herself , someone who did n't graduate magna or summa cum laude , but " thank you , lawdy . "
Then she gets to her real , and vaguely subversive , message :
It does n't matter whether your teacher likes you or not ; study for yourselves .
Even a shy person can develop steel .
And if you reach out to someone being harassed , you can save his life .
She has experienced additional setbacks .
On New Year 's Day in 2003 , 26 - year - old Erin Eckford , who suffered from a host of psychological problems , walked out of his mother 's house and started firing a semi-automatic rifle into the air .
When he refused to put it down , the Little Rock police killed him .
Community activists pressed Elizabeth to sue , or at least raise a ruckus , but she refused ; " suicide by cop , " she called what had occurred .
Friends feared it might tip Elizabeth back over the edge .
Instead , she seemed only to draw strength from it .
( Hazel and her husband sent her a condolence card , without a note . )
She says little about her surviving son , now in the Coast Guard .
" I do n't consider myself an extremely strong person , but both my kids are much weaker than I am , " she says .
But there were triumphs , too .
In August 2005 , individual statues of the Nine , with Elizabeth , her binder held close to her chest , leading the way , were dedicated on the grounds of the state capitol .
The sculptor , John Deering , said he had no trouble depicting Elizabeth : Will Counts 's photo said it all .
Elizabeth thinks it 's a good likeness , but wonders about memorializing the living .
" We still have time to mess up , " she jokes .
In the First Division of Pulaski County Circuit Court , Elizabeth 's clients are mostly black , often semi-illiterate , pinched for hot checks or credit - card fraud or taking or selling drugs .
Many could n't afford lawyers ; few are hardened criminals .
She spends her days hearing the same stock sob stories and , frustrated writer that she is , inventing her own , matching a new face with whatever she can conjure up .
She keeps peanuts around for prisoners who have to skip breakfast to come in , but she 's no soft touch .
" Are n't you ashamed of showing your underwear ? " she might ask some unkempt man .
" How are you going to get a decent job looking like that ? " she 'll ask someone with glittering gold grills on his teeth .
Some clients prefer to wait for her colleague Curtis Ricks : he 's easier on them .
Once in a while , after something 's been on television , someone will say , " Miss Eckerd , I did n't know that was you . "
Treat her the way they always have , she tells them .
A Giants victory would be their greatest upset since Manning was drafted and could go a long way in determining whether there will be a Manning era .
For Romo , a Dallas loss would be devastating .
He became the face of the Cowboys ’ 21 - 20 playoff loss to Seattle last season when he bobbled the snap for what could have been the winning field goal .
That ’s why , given everything at stake , I was puzzled by Romo ’s decision to go to Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , with Jessica Simpson during the Cowboys ’ bye week .
I know , I know : on the surface this is not a big thing .
Cabo is n’t all that far from Dallas .
Still , the decision to make the trip sent an odd message to his teammates : I ’m at least as focused , if not more focused , on celebrity than winning this playoff game .
The message to the Giants was , We ’ve beaten you twice already ; the third meeting at our house will be a day at the beach .
Immaturity , poor decision - making and misplaced priorities .

When Romo was hatching his plans , I wonder if he stopped and asked himself : I wonder how Brett Favre , Tom Brady and Peyton Manning are spending their bye weeks ?
Brady , of the Patriots , spent most of his time in New York with his girlfriend , and the Packers ’ Brett Favre spent time in Mississippi .
Two of the great quarterbacks in N.F.L. history kept low profiles .
I do n’t know where Manning was  which is instructive in itself  but I ’d be willing to wager that he was n’t hanging out on a beach in Mexico .
It seems as if Romo wants to leap over Brady , Favre and Peyton Manning on the strength of celebrity , not football .
Holy crap , Apple made a lot of money this quarter : $ 9.6 billion in revenues for $ 1.58 billion in profits .
Or , in English , the most bank ever in Apple history .
But it was n't enough to appease Wall Street 's insatiable hunger for green , ' cause the stock is bombing out in after - hours trading . )
Contributing to that massive pile of loot were 2.3 million Macs , 22.1 million iPods and 2.3 million iPhones — just in the last three months , all of which broke past records .
We 're in the conference call that 's supposed to start um , now , so we 'll be updating as it rolls with anything juicy .
Advertisement
i Pod 's share for MP3 players is the same as last year — not outpacing the competition in growth despite branching out with multiple lines of iPod , in other words .
Also interesting , 57 percent of customers buying Macs this quarter were new to Mac , so Justin Long is apparently appealing to someone .
Questions now .
Advertisement
• Effect of iPhone rebate redemptions : " Customers really appreciated it ... The [ financial ] impact of that at this point is largely behind us . "
•" We view the iPod market as bigger than the market for just simple music players , " it's why they developed the iPod touch .
They want iPod to be " the first mainstream Wi - Fi mobile music platform . "
• Objective with iTunes movie rentals is to " run it a little above break even . "
They still view it as helping them sell more iPods and Macs .
• Surprise !
Contract terms with carriers still are n't up for discussion .
Note to self : Slap the dude who asked .
Advertisement
• Do n't ask about the 3G iPhone either !
Bad analyst .
No future product talk .
And that 's it .
Best Quarterly Revenue & Earnings in Apple History
Mac , iPod & iPhone Sales Break Previous Records CUPERTINO , California — January 22 , 2008 — Apple® today announced financial results for its fiscal 2008 first quarter ended December 29 , 2007 .
The Company posted revenue of $ 9.6 billion and net quarterly profit of $ 1.58 billion , or $ 1.76 per diluted share .
These results compare to revenue of $ 7.1 billion and net quarterly profit of $ 1 billion , or $ 1.14 per diluted share , in the year - ago quarter .
Gross margin was 34.7 percent , up from 31.2 percent in the year - ago quarter .
International sales accounted for 45 percent of the quarter 's revenue .
Apple shipped 2,319,000 Macintosh® computers , representing 44 percent unit growth and 47 percent revenue growth over the year - ago quarter .
The Company sold 22,121,000 iPods during the quarter , representing five percent unit growth and 17 percent revenue growth over the year - ago quarter .
Quarterly iPhone™ sales were 2,315,000 .
" We 're thrilled to report our best quarter ever , with the highest revenue and earnings in Apple 's history , " said Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO .
" We have an incredibly strong new product pipeline for 2008 , starting with MacBook Air , Mac Pro and iTunes Movie Rentals in the first two weeks . "
" Apple 's revenue grew 35 percent year - over - year to $ 9.6 billion , an increase of almost $ 2.5 billion over the previous December quarter 's record - breaking results , " said Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's CFO .
" Our strong results produced cash flow from operations of over $ 2.7 billion during the quarter , yielding an ending cash balance of over $ 18.4 billion .
Looking ahead to the second quarter of fiscal 2008 , we expect revenue of about $ 6.8 billion and earnings per diluted share of about $ .94 . "
Advertisement
[ Apple ]
Mukasey makes matters more difficult
After Alberto Gonzales ’ humiliating and painful tenure as the nation ’s chief law - enforcement officer , I was beginning to get my hopes up about Attorney General nominee Michael Mukasey .
Right off the bat on Wednesday , he rejected the infamous Bybee memo , and compared U.S. torture policies to Nazi Germany .
The rest of the day was nearly as encouraging , with Mukasey vowing to end Justice Department “ stonewalling , ” and insisting he would resign if Bush tried to do something unconstitutional .
No more partisan considerations in employment , Mukasey said .
No more “ unilateralism , ” he promised .
Everyone was impressed , and said so .
And then Day Two happened .
President Bush ’s choice for attorney general , Michael B. Mukasey , embraced some of the administration ’s most controversial legal positions yesterday , suggesting that Bush can ignore surveillance statutes in wartime and avoiding a declaration that simulated drowning constitutes torture under U.S. laws .
Mukasey struck a different tone on the second and final day of his confirmation hearing , after earlier pleasing lawmakers from both parties by promising new administrative policies at the Justice Department and by declaring that the president cannot override constitutional and legal bans on torture and the inhumane treatment of prisoners .
How bad was it ?
It ’s hard to believe his nomination is in jeopardy , but Mukasey offered ample reasons for senators to reject him as the next Attorney General .
Mark Kleiman has a good post on the subject .
I understand Mukasey is supposed to be a reasonably good guy , by comparison with the run of Bush appointees .
But if Mukasey wo n’t say that waterboarding is torture and claims that the President has some undefined power to violate statute law — even criminal laws , such as the ban on torture and other war crimes — under his “ Article II powers , ” then why should the Senate Judiciary Committee even bring his nomination to a vote ?
Quite right .
In response to questions about authorizing surveillance , Mukasey suggested there may be circumstances in which the president can ignore federal law .
In response to questions about waterboarding , Mukasey would only say , “ If waterboarding is torture , torture is not constitutional . ”
As Sullivan put it , “ An attorney general who believes a president has a permanent right to ignore the rule of law because peacetime is now wartime for ever , is an attorney - general defending the rule of one man over the rule of law . ”
All of this led some senators to wonder what happened between Wednesday ’s Mukasey and Thursday ’s Mukasey .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Pat Leahy ( D - Vt. ) noted , “ [ O ] n a number of your answers yesterday , there was a very bright line on the questions of torture and the ability of the executive or inability of an executive to ignore the law .
That seems nowhere near as bright a line today . ”
Given the circumstances , one has to wonder if perhaps the White House intervened on Wednesday night .
Mukasey rejected the idea .
At one point , a flustered Leahy asked Mukasey “ whether you received some criticism from anybody in the administration last night after your testimony , ” leading to a different set of answers at yesterday ’s hearing .
“ I received no criticism , ” said Mukasey , who was measured and soft - spoken throughout his testimony .
“ I had dinner with my family last night . ”
I ’d like to think Mukasey would be a step up from Gonzales , though that ’s not saying much .
But yesterday ’s testimony suggests our next Attorney General may share some of the dangerous ideas that plagued our last Attorney General .
Mike Huckabee is n't qualified for public office .
He may not be smart enough to hold a job .
Yet he could become our next president .
Huckabee 's upset victory in the Iowa caucuses is cited as evidence that American democracy still works .
" At a Friday night event , " right - wing columnist William Kristol opined in the New York Times , " [ Huckabee ] played bass with a local rock band , Mama Kicks .
One secular New Hampshire Republican 's reaction : ' Gee , he 's not some kind of crazy Christian . "
Huckabee is an affable , funny , ordinary Joe on a shoestring budget who trounced a slick multimillionaire .
But he 's also a crazy Christian .
And he won because crazy Christians motivated by anti-Mormon bigotry voted for him .
In the Republican Party , hate trumps cash .
If Huckabee were Muslim , he'd be a radical Islamist .
Denying separation of church and state , he said at a Baptist convention in 1998 that he got into politics because he " knew government did n't have the real answers , that the real answers lie in accepting Jesus Christ into our lives . "
A Muslim Huckabee would agree with the Taliban 's requirement that women wear burqas .
Also in 1998 , he signed a newspaper ad in USA Today supporting " biblical principles of marriage and family life , " including one that said that a " wife is to submit herself graciously to the servant leadership of her husband even as the church willingly submits to the headship of Christ . "
The ex-preacher / ex - governor is entitled to his extreme religious beliefs .
His inability to reason logically is what makes his political ascendancy frightening .
" I feel homosexuality is an aberrant , unnatural , and sinful lifestyle , and we now know it can pose a dangerous public health risk , " said Huckabee in 1992 .
( When asked about his remark in December 2007 , he reaffirmed it : " Well I believe it would be -- just like lying is sinful and stealing is sinful . " )
Whether gays sin by having sex or by merely existing , I know not and do not care .
What I know for certain is the difference between the unusual and the unnatural .
Insofar as the majority of people are straight , heterosexuality is the norm of sexual orientation .
Yet it hardly follows that gays , estimated to account for between two and five percent of the U.S. population , are aberrant .
It may be ( and probably is ) that it 's normal for two to five percent of people to be gay .
Only two percent of Americans have red hair , but redheads are n't unnatural .
The vast majority of the world 's biomass is composed of krill and insects , but humans are n't abnormal .
During his 1992 run for Senate , Huckabee called for HIV / AIDS patients to be forcibly isolated from the general population .
" If the federal government is truly serious about doing something with the AIDS virus , " he argued , " we need to take steps that would isolate the carriers of this plague .
It is difficult to understand the public policy towards AIDS .
It is the first time in the history of civilization in which the carriers of a genuine plague have not been isolated from the general population ... "
Even though it was common knowledge at the time , Huckabee apparently did n't know that HIV / AIDS cannot be spread by casual contact ( like " a genuine plague " ) .
Similarly , Huckabee has said that " extraordinary means [ are ] being taken to make sure these detainees [ at Guantánamo ] are being given really every consideration . "
Again , he 's entitled to his outlandish views -- in this case , supporting the kidnapping , torture , force - feeding and long - term imprisonment of children as young as 13 without charging them with a crime or allowing them to be represented by a lawyer .
But when he describes this inhumane treatment as giving detainees " really every consideration , " he 's either dumb or lying .
Nearly 150 years after Charles Darwin published The Origin of Species , the scientific debate over natural selection is as settled as the medieval controversy over heliocentrism .
Evolution is a fact .
But Mike Huckabee denies this fact .
As a radical Christian fundamentalist , Huckabee believes that every word of the Bible is literal truth -- that Jonah actually hung out in the belly of a whale for 72 hours , that Samson really pushed down a stone building with brute force .
He thinks God made the earth in six days , that the universe is 6000 years old .
Never mind carbon - dating .
" I do not necessarily buy into the traditional Darwinian theory , personally , " he said on his show on -- get this !-- the Arkansas Educational Television Network .
" If you want to believe that you and your family came from apes , I 'll accept that , " Huckabee said recently .
" I believe there was a creative process . "
So Huckabee is an idiot .
Or is he pandering to idiots ?
A 2005 CNN / USA Today / Gallup poll found that 53 percent of Americans believe that " God created humans in their present form exactly the way the Bible describes it . "
Reported The Chicago Tribune : " The results closely paralleled those in polls taken over the last 20 years , in which nearly half of all Americans consistently agreed that ' God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time within the last 10,000 years or so . ' "
In light of Tocqueville 's warning that democracy requires well - educated and well - informed citizens in order to function , it 's alarming that many of these people vote .
There 's no denying Huckabee 's folksy appeal .
He sounds moderate , even populist , on issues like immigration , trade and the environment .
But those sugar coatings conceal the bitter pill of anti-intellectualism , a toxin that has turned the American presidency into an entropic argument against evolution -- from Washington and Jefferson , to Hoover and FDR , then to the Ford and the Bushes and finally ... Huckabee ?
" I 'm not sure what in the world [ my view of evolution ] has to do with being president of the United States , " Huckabee says .
Those who deny scientific fact will be wrong ( or lie ) about anything .
Misrepresenting hard and fast truth is unacceptable .
Whether Huckabee is feigning idiocy to appeal to religious zealots or is honestly mentally deficient , journalists have a duty not to treat him like a serious candidate .
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
Thompson says immigrants deserve some blame for mortgage crisis Nick Juliano
Published : Monday December 24 , 2007
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Agrees with voter 's assessment that Spanish language is ' sickening '
During what must 've been a strenuous day of campaigning in Iowa , GOP candidate Fred Thompson told potential voters at his one - and - only appearance that immigrants deserve some of the blame for the mortgage crisis .
" A lot of them could n't communicate with the people they were getting the mortgage from , " the lagging Republican told an Iowa audience during his " Clear Conservative Choice bus tour , " according to the Los Angeles Times .
Thompson 's stop in Mason City , Iowa , allowed him to play on Republicans ' fears of immigrants and riff on apparent frustration with hearing options in Spanish on recorded phone messages .
Janice Easley , one voter in the audience , was boiling with frustration at having to hear , " Para el español , prensa dos , " whenever she called the power company .
" Everything is in Spanish , " she said .
" It 's sickening . "
" You are so , so right , " Thompson said , calling for English to be made the national language , before placing the blame for the sub - prime mortgage crisis on non-English - speakers .
Thompson 's anti-immigrant rhetoric -- which apparently was n't limited just to those people who enter the US illegally -- came as the former Tennessee senator and Law & Order star tried to breathe some life into his lackluster campaign .
His attempt to come across as the " true conservative , " came just days after the virulently anti-immigrant Tom Tancredo withdrew from the presidential race , and it marked a 180 - degree switch from his attempt to appeal to Hispanic voters at a Spanish language debate less than three weeks earlier .
" I think we do share a lot in this country , whether we are Hispanic or not Hispanic , " Thompson said at the Univision - sponsored GOP debate Dec. 9 .
" I think we have some of the same basic values . "
For the record , a confluence of negative economic factors , including the burst of the housing bubble , led to the sub - prime mortgage crisis that has shaken the US economy .
Language barriers are not widely believed to be among its leading cause .
Jobs to NYT on Kindle : " It does n't matter how good or bad the product is , the fact is that people do n't read anymore .
Forty percent of the people in the U.S. read one book or less last year .
The whole conception is flawed at the top because people do n't read anymore . "
Yes , it 's true , the only books Steve thinks we need are MacBooks .
Irony : You 're reading right now .
Further irony :
You 're probably not reading Engadget on a Kindle ( at least not through its regular RSS reader ) .
Is this like geeky Koan or something ?
Does this mean Engadget does n't exist ?
Either way , we get his point .
It 's a damn shame fewer people are n't reading real books .
Do n't ask , do n't tell : Area 51 gets airport identifier
Do n't ask , do n't tell : Area 51 gets airport identifier
Do n’t ask , do n’t tell : Area 51 gets airport identifier
By Alton K. Marsh
Pilots avert your eyes !
The airport identifier and location of Nevada ’s Groom Lake — you know , where they keep the space aliens at Area 51 — has been appearing in flight - planning software and on handheld GPS receivers for most of the past year as KXTA ( standing for what , extraterrestrial ? ) .
“ We already know and it does n’t matter , ” said a public affairs official at Nellis Air Force Base .
The Jeppesen FliteStar flight - planning program and AOPA 's Real - Time Flight Planner even identify it as Homey Airport and add , “ Private , VFR , No Fee , Customs Info Unavailable . ”
Well , there ’s a fee .
The airport is deep within heavily restricted airspace , guarded by fighter jets .
First come the legal fees , the probable confiscation of your aircraft , and a personal fee in the form of jail time .
AOPA editors found KXTA clearly marked on a handheld GPS map drawn from an outdated August 2007 database .
Runways are described as Runway 12 - 30 , 5,420 feet by 120 feet , and Runway 14 - 32 , 12,000 feet by 200 feet .
That ’s not quite true .
One end of 14 - 32 continues across a dry lakebed for another 11,000 feet , but that portion is closed and partially covered with blowing sand .
And there are four additional runways marked in the sand of the dry lakebed .
How do we know that ?
A picture of Groom Lake has been on Google Earth for years and the latest time stamps show it was updated in 2007 .
Photos of the place have been shown publicly since the late 1980s .
Groom Lake was outed by the Clinton Administration , which admitted only that it exists after workers filed lawsuits , claiming their health was harmed by working there .
That admission of the area ’s existence became necessary to handle the case in court .
While it is highly unlikely that pilots would intentionally seek to end their flying careers by raiding Homey , we ca n’t say the same for student pilots who may have learned only yesterday what restricted airspace is .
Students , KXTA does not make a good waypoint and it ’s not your friend .
MARKOV CHAIN MODELS :
THEORETICAL BACKGROUND
by Mark D. Pankin
Introduction and Notation .
In this article , I will provide the fundamental mathematical relationships for Markov chain models of baseball .
The advent of personal computers that are more powerful than the standard mainframe computer of 25 years ago and the availability of data in computer readable form from Project Scoresheet and other sources permit many sabermetricians to work with Markov chain models should they desire .
The material presented here ( without excessive notational complexities ) is intended to provide those with a background in matrix algebra the requisite mathematical tools .
Also , there is a list of references at the end of the article .
In future articles , I plan to report on the results of my Markov analysis of 1986 Project Scoresheet data .
If you are not familiar with basic matrix arithmetic -- addition , multiplication , transposing -- stop reading now .
If you have a vague memory of these topics , you may want to dig out an old algebra book from high school or college .
Some notation : matrices will be denoted by capital letters -- A , B , C --and numbers will be denoted by lower case letters - - x , y, z .
Also ,
A t = the transpose of the matrix A I = the identity matrix , which consists of 1's down the main diagonal and 0's everywhere else and has the property that if A is a square matrix of the same size , then AI = IA = A .
A - 1 = the multiplicative inverse of the matrix A : AA - 1 = A - 1 A = I .
The presentation here follows that in Cover and Keilers with some new material I have added .
Howard treats the topic in a somewhat different manner and shows a method of determining optimal strategies .
His presentation , however , is considerably more strenuous mathematically .
The Basic Model .
A Markov chain is a mathematical model that can be thought of a being in exactly one of a number of states at any time .
Moreover , the transition probabilities of moving from a one state to another , which are the basis of the model computations , are dependent only upon the starting state of any transition , rather than upon how that state was reached .
I will refer to this as the Markov chain assumption .
In baseball models , the states are usually the various runners and outs situations .
The Markov chain assumption means that we do n't care how we arrived at a particular situation .
For example , if there is a runner on second and one out , the Markov chain model is not concerned about whether there was a walk and a sacrifice , a double followed by a pop fly , etc .
This assumption can be relaxed , the more general model is known as a Markov process , but the mathematics are more complex and beyond the scope of this article .
There are 24 possible runners and outs states , which are shown in the table below :
Runners : None 1st 2nd 3rd 1&2 1&3 2&3 1,2,&3 Outs _____________________________________________ 0 # 1 # 4 # 7 # 10 # 13 # 16 # 19 # 22 1 # 2 # 5 # 8 # 11 # 14 # 17 # 20 # 23 2 # 3 # 6 # 9 # 12 # 15 # 18 # 21 # 24
# 25 : Third out made on play , no runs scored ,
# 26 : Third out made on play , one run scored ,
# 27 : Third out made on play , two runs scored ,
# 28 : Third out made on play , three runs scored .
The probability of moving from one state ( state i ) to another ( state j ) is denoted by p ij or p i , j .
For example , using the numbering above , p 2,8 is the probability of going from one out and none on to a runner on second and one out , which in turn is equal to the probability of a double in this situation plus the probability of a single and one base error , plus the probability of a two base error plus the probability of such plays as a walk and wild pitch on which the batter takes second .
Many of the transitions are impossible , and hence have probabilities equal to zero .
The 28 by 28 matrix of all such probabilities is called a transition matrix , and is denoted by T .
For completeness , p 25,25 = p 26,25 = p 27,25 = p 28,25 = 1 , and all other transitions from the three out states have probability equal to zero .
For the moment , assume that in each transition , the batter is either out or gets on base .
That is , the batter changes .
This is an important assumption because it affects the run scoring calculations .
Later , I will discuss methods of handling plays in which the batter does not change .
Because of the properties of matrix multiplication , T 2 is the transition matrix for sequences of two plays or batters , T 3 is the transition matrix for sequences of three batters , etc. , providing there is a string of identical batters .
This assumption is useful for computing ìaverageî performance , but not for specific game situations .
Later , what to do when the T's are not all the same will be considered .
Computation of Expected Runs .
Let R be the 28 row by 1 column matrix ( column vector ) containing the expected or average runs scored after each state on one play only .
Denoting the elements of R by R ( 1 ) , R ( 2 ) , , some example calculations are :
R(1 ) = p 1,1 R( 2 ) = p 2,2 R( 4 ) = 2 p 4,1 + p 4,4 + p 4,7 + p 4,10 + p 4,2 R( 23 ) = 4 p 23,2 + 3 ( p 23,5 + p 23,8 + p 23,11 + p 23,3 ) + 2 ( p 23,14 + p 23,17 + p 23,20 + p 23,6 + p 23,9 + p 23,12 + p 23,27 ) + p 23,23 + p 23,15 + p 23,18 + p 23,21 + p 23,26 R( 25 ) = R( 26 ) = R( 27 ) = R( 28 ) = 0
The key output of the Markov chain baseball model is the computation of the expected runs in the remainder of the inning after any runners and outs state .
Let E be the 28 by 1 column vector containing these values .
Then ,
E = R + TR + T 2 R + T 3 R + ( Equation 1 )
This equation says that the expected runs after any state is the sum of the expected runs after one play , the expected runs after two plays , and so on theoretically forever .
Of course , all innings end , and for some power of T , say about 25 or 30 , the probability of not being in a three out state is negligibly small .
What this means in practice is that it is necessary to compute only the first 25 or so terms of Equation 1 .
However , there is a way to write this equation more compactly .
The following algebra is not strictly correct because we are dealing with an infinite series of matrices , but it does illustrate the ìtrickî , and the result has been proven with mathematical rigor .
First , note that R = IR .
Then , Equation 1 can be transformed :
E = IR + TR + T 2 R + T 3 R +
= ( I + T + T 2 + T 3 + )
R
= ( I - T ) - 1 ( I - T ) ( I + T + T 2 + T 3 + ) R [ since ( I - T ) - 1 ( I - T ) = I ]
= ( I - T ) - 1 ( I - T + T - T 2 + T 2 - T 3 + T 3 - )
R
= ( I - T ) -1 IR
= ( I - T ) - 1 R ( Equation 2 )
Because no runs can score after a three out state , the equations above for expected runs can be simplified in their implementation by using only the first 24 rows and columns of the transition matrix T and the column vectors E and R .
In fact , that simplification is necessary to ensure that ( I - T ) - 1 exists , which , in general , it does for baseball transition matrices .
Using a spreadsheet program that has matrix multiplication and inversion commands , Equation 2 is much easier to implement than equation 1 .
Applications .
Depending on the source of the probabilities in T , the expected runs matrix E has a variety of useful interpretations .
For example , if T includes all events for a league , then E contains the average expected runs scored in the remainder of the inning after each runners and outs state .
Similar values can be computed for teams , a teamís home and road games , or for an individual player .
In the last case , we obtain an estimate of run scoring if that player batted all the time .
Also , by restricting the transitions to those not influenced by strategies such as stolen bases or sacrifice bunts , we obtain expected run values that can be used to analyze those strategies .
One problem with most of the expected runs tables that have been published is that they are based upon actual runs scored in major league play , which are influenced by the strategies employed in the games .
Note that E( 1 ) is the expected runs after the no runners , no out state in which all innings begin .
Thus , 9E ( 1 ) is the expected number of runs per 9 innings , or per game .
This computation is especially interesting when applied to an individual playerís stats .
It provides another way of estimating how many runs per game would score if he batted all the time .
Real batting sequences .
As mentioned previously , the basic model assumes a series of identical batters , which is , of course , not what happens in real games .
This has been the major criticism of the applicability of Markov models .
It is possible to have a Markov model with different transition matrices for each batter .
The basic idea is to modify equation 1 and use it for the expected runs calculations because the simplification to equation 2 is no longer possible .
Instead of powers of one transition matrix T , use products of the matrices for each batter : T 1 T 2 , T 1 T 2 T 3 , etc .
Also , the expected runs on the next play column vector R has to be modified for each batter .
With such changes , equation 1 , generalizes to
E = R 1 + T 1 R 2 + T 1 T 2 R 3 + T 1 T 2 T 3 R 4 + ( Equation 3 )
An additional potential complication is that it may be necessary to repeat the calculation in equation 3 for several sequences with different first batters and then weight the results by the probability of specific batters beginning the sequence .
It is important to note that these complications are often not necessary to overcome the criticism mentioned above .
The key is performing the strategy analysis assuming a uniform sequence of outstanding batters and then repeating the analysis for a uniform sequence of poor batters .
If the result is the same in both cases , then it is the answer .
For example , if it does n't make sense to sacrifice with a series of Wayne Tollesons coming up , then it certainly does n't make sense for a series of Don Mattinglys or for any actual series of Yankee batters .
If the results are not so clear cut , it may be possible to determine where between the two extremes the break - even point lies , and then judge if the actual batters are above or below this point .
Plays that do not change the batter .
The expected runs calculations that are used in the matrix R , examples of which appear earlier , are not valid if the batter does not change on the play .
Essentially , there is one less expected run for any given transition if the batter does not change than if the batter is changed .
There are at least two ways to account for plays that do not change the batter .
One is to add extra states and the other is to adjust the batter changing transitions to include those that do not change the batter .
Both have advantages and disadvantages .
The first method calls for adding states that are the results of plays that do not change the batter .
Ignoring errors on foul pops , which are not relevant to Markov analysis , the only situations that can't be reached by a non -batter play are those with the bases full ( # 22 - 24 ) and the third out , three runs scored ( # 28 ) .
Hence , 24 additional states would be added , for a total of 52 .
Because these additional states occur relatively infrequently and because the fact that a play did not change the batter is not likely to have a significant effect on what happens next , the transition probabilities out of these additional states should be the same as those for the corresponding batter changing states .
The main advantage of this method is that it combines all transitions in one matrix , which enables the easiest calculation of expected runs values corresponding to run scoring in actual games .
However , if a sequence of different batters is considered , this method breaks down because we need to know whether or not the batter changed in order to use the correct transition matrix in the calculation .
The solution is to combine both the batting changing and non-batter plays into a single adjusted batter changing transition matrix .
Not surprisingly , the Markov Chain concept can be employed to express the required adjustments in terms of matrix arithmetic .
Start with a transition matrix T for the particular batter that includes non -batter plays .
Although it would include some impossible states , it is best to think of this matrix as having 56 states óthe 28 states described previously plus 28 similar states for non -batter plays .
Also , the only part that matters is the top half or first 28 rows because , by definition the bottom 28 rows are identical to the top 28 .
We extract from T two 28x28 matrices , B and N , which contain the batter changing and non-batter changing probabilities , respectively .
The probabilities in B and N are the same as those in T ; they are not scaled so that the rows sum to 1 ( which is true in T ) .
For example , suppose the player has batted 20 times with a runner on first and no out ( state # 4 ) , and that 6 times he singled moving the runner to third ( # 16 ) , 3 times he hit into a double play , resulting in two out , none on ( # 3 ) , 9 times he made an out that did not advance the runner ( # 5 ) , and twice the runner stole second ( # 7 , batter does not change ) .
Then , we have the following probabilities in B and N : b 4,16 = 6/20 = .3 ; b 4,3 = 3/20 = .15 ; b 4,5 = 9/20 = .45 ; and n 4,7 = 2/20 = .1 .
All other entries in row 4 of each matrix would be zero .
When the batter comes up , depending on the runners and outs , there will be from zero to six ( another fanciful construction , left to the reader ) non-batter or base running events before the batter 's play .
If there are no such events , the appropriate transition probabilities are contained in the matrix B .
If there is exactly one non-batter play , then the matrix that describes the batter changing transition probabilities is the product NB .
If there are exactly two base running events first , then the transition probabilities for these two plays by themselves are contained in the matrix N 2 , and the product N 2 B is correct for the entire at bat .
Similar logic applies for more running events before the batting event .
The numbers of non -batter plays ( 0 to 6 ) followed by a batter changing play form a mutually exclusive and exhaustive set of outcomes for the particular at bat .
Hence , the transition probabilities for the entire at bat , which take into account all the non-batter possibilities , are given by the matrix sum
B + NB + N 2 B + N 3 B + N 4 B + N 5 B + N 6 B = IB + NB + N 2 B + N 3 B + N 4 B + N 5 B + N 6 B = ( I + N + N 2 + N 3 + N 4 + N 5 + N 6 ) B = T , the batter changing transition matrix incorporating running plays .
Scoring Probabilities .
Analysis of one run strategies such as sacrifice bunt and stolen base attempts depends on the chances of scoring at least one run in the remainder of the inning , not on the expectation of total runs .
The Markov model can produce scoring probabilities in a relatively direct manner .
The essential idea is to add a new state that corresponds to one or more runs having scored and to add the stipulation that no runs scored to the definition of the various runners and outs states ( #1 - # 24 ) .
To formalize this concept , let T be a transition matrix ( which may or may not include plays that do not change the batter ) consisting of transition probabilities denoted by p i , j .
Let the new state , " runs scored " , be denoted by r .
Then S , the transition matrix for computing scoring probabilities , consists of entries s i , j defined by :
s i , j = p i , j if the transition from state i to j does NOT score runs s i , j = 0 if the transition from state i to j DOES score runs s i, r = the sum of all " scoring " p i , j for each row i s r, r = 1 .
i, r
i , j
Once S has been computed , probabilities of scoring in the remainder of the inning are found by raising S to an appropriate power ( assuming the model in which all batters are identical ) .
If all transition probabilities in S change the batter , then the appropriate power is the sixth because after six more batters either the inning will be over with no additional runs scored or at least one more run will have scored .
If S includes the probabilities of non-batter plays , then 15 is the required power as the following fanciful inning illustrates : the leadoff batter uses four plays to reach first , second , and third before being out at the plate ; then the second batter goes through the same sequence ; the third batter takes three plays to reach third ; then the fourth batter reaches second on two plays without the runner on third moving ; now the fifth batter walks , so a total of 4+4+3+2+1 = 14 plays have resulted in the bases loaded , two outs , and no runs in .
The 15th play must either end the inning or score a run .
( Remember that foul fly errors are eliminated from the Markov model , or else we might never get out of this ! )
Since successive squaring is relatively easy , in practice S 16 , which is equal to S 15 , would be computed .
In the appropriate power of S , for each state ( or row ) i , s i,r is the probability of scoring at least one run in the remainder of the inning after that state , and 1 - s i , r = s i,25 is the probability of not scoring ( # 25 is the three out , no runs scored state ) .
If the batters are not identical , instead of finding S 6 , compute the product of matrices S 1 S 2 S 3 S 4 S 5 S 6 , using an analogous scoring transition matrix for each batter .
This product assumes that each of the matrices consists solely of batter changing transition probabilities .
It might be possible to find the appropriate formula if this assumption is removed , but in this case , it is easier and better to incorporate both batter and non-batter plays into a single batter changing matrix , which was discussed previously .
Further reading .
You may want to read some of he following books and articles , which are arranged in chronological order .
The Analyst referenced is The Baseball Analyst , which was published by Bill James and primarily contained articles submitted by its readers .
Part of this article first appeared in one of the issues .
Howard , Ronald A. , Dynamic Programming and Markov Processes , MIT Press and Wiley , 1960 , pp. 49 - 54 .
Cover , Thomas M. and Keilers , Carroll W. , " An Offensive Earned Run Average for Baseball " Operations Research , Vol. 25 , No. 5 , Sept - Oct 1977 .
Pavitt , Charles , " Percentage Baseball Reconsidered : Model and Method " Analyst , # 16 , Feb. 1985 .
Pankin , Mark D. , " A Note About ' Percentage Baseball Reconsidered ' " Analyst , # 19 , Aug. 1985 .
Pavitt , Charles , " A Response of Mark Pankin's ' A Note About " Percentage Baseball Reconsidered " ' " Analyst , # 21 , Dec. 1985 .
Boronico , Jess " The Baseball Batting Sequence Problem : Problem Formulation and Preliminary Results " Analyst , # 23 , April 1986 .
Pavitt , Charles , " Percentage Baseball Reconsidered : 2 . Preliminary 1984 Finding " Analyst , # 26 , Oct. 1986 .
Katz , Stanley M. , " Study of ' The Count ' " 1986 Baseball Research Journal ( #15 ) , pp. 67 - 72 .
An application of Markov chains to the ball - strike count .
Pankin , Mark D. , " Baseball as a Markov Chain " The Great American Baseball Stat Book ( First Edition , 1987 ) , pp. 520-524 .
Also worth reading is one important book of broader scope : Optimal Strategies in Sports edited by Ladany and Machol , North - Holland Publishing Company , 1977 .
This book still may be in print , and it should be in major university libraries .
It covers the state - of - the - art at the time of mathematical and operations research methods applied to baseball ( about half the book ) and lesser pastimes .
It includes three articles with a Markov flavor ( by Richard Trueman , Richard Bellman , and Ronald Howard ) .
Some of the material in the book requires a fair degree of mathematical sophistication , but there is much that is understandable by and of considerable interest to all sabermetricians , including summaries of the most significant early sabermetric work ( by G. R. Lindsey and Earnshaw Cook ) .
For the last year or so , I ’ve maintained two advice pages on my web site : one for career advice to students in mathematics , and another for authors wishing to write and submit papers ( for instance , to one of the journals I am editor of ) .
It occurred to me , though , that an advice page is particularly well suited to the blog medium , due to the opportunities for feedback that this medium affords ( and especially given that many of my readers have more mathematical experience than I do ) .
I have thus moved these pages to my blog ; my career advice page is now here , and my advice for writing and submitting papers is now here .
I also took the opportunity to split up these rather lengthy pages into lots of individual subpages , which allowed for easier hyperlinking , and also to expand each separate topic somewhat ( for instance , each topic is now framed by an appropriate quotation ) .
Each subpage is also open to comments , as I am hoping to get some feedback to improve each of them .
[ Update , June 10 : Of course , the comments page for this post , and for the pages mentioned above , are also a good place to post your own tips on mathematical writing or careers . :-) ]
Explore
This is a group of blocks in columns .
Column layouts can be adapted to fit different needs .
Discover
This is a group of blocks in columns .
Column layouts can be adapted to fit different needs .
There are a lot of guys out there on the internet who desperately want to find a woman to share their life with , and who do n't want to have to go outside to do it .
If you 're one of them , you may find yourself wondering why the women you meet in chat rooms , discussion groups and online games have so far failed to love you .
We care , and that 's why we 're presenting this guide to wooing any female woman girl person who wanders into chat range .
Please ogle our tips .
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
Women like to feel feminine , and what 's more feminine than possessing a uterus ?
That 's why it 's important to point out , loudly and repeatedly , when someone in your group is a woman .
Every time you say , " Hey , there 's a girl here ! " or " Lindsey2440 is a girl .
A real one ! , " she 'll be flattered that you noticed that she 's something unique and singular : a female .
Everyone knows that women do n't like guys who are just looking for sex .
So make sure that you let her know at the first opportunity that you 're looking for a girlfriend .
It might be a good idea to point out how long it 's been since you had a girlfriend , so she knows you really , honestly want one , or how unfair and mean your last girlfriend was , so she knows you 'll really appreciate her .
It 's incredibly important to get to know the real person behind the night elf rogue or witty nickname .
Ask for a picture of her , so she knows you care about her as a physical person made of body parts .
Another good way to show her you care is to use Google to look up as much real - life information about her as you can , then drop it casually into conversation .
A comment like , " I see you take the number 24 bus home from work .
How late does that run ? " can mean the difference between a lasting relationship and having her block all communications from you .
You know what 's great ?
Chivalry .
Chivalry is great .
A long time ago a bunch of guys with horses and swords made up a bunch of rules about how to treat women .
If you follow these rules with a woman you like , then she 's obligated to like you back .
It 's the rules !
You 'll want to watch some movies and play a role - playing game or two to pick up the details , but the most important one is to always call her " milady . "
There 's no better way to say , " I am not the humongous dork everyone thinks I am . "
A fedora .
Get one .
Wear it in all pictures posted online .
Yeah , that 's perfect .
When any woman is brought up in group conversations in any context , whether she 's an actress , a doctor or a Supreme Court justice , make sure you point out whether you 'd like to have sex with that woman .
By doing so , you 'll make it clear that you 're a discerning person , and your potential online girlfriend will feel flattered that you put her in the same class as an actress with her own reality show , and not some wrinkled old lady judge .
Let 's face it , online communication can be tough , and there will always be misunderstandings .
If a woman is turned off or upset by your approach , she 'll appreciate you telling her how she should feel .
Explain that you 've been behaving in a perfectly reasonable manner , and if she 's creeped out instead of flattered , that 's a problem on her end .
She 'll be relieved to hear that her feelings are invalid and wrong - headed .
Now let 's address the worst - case scenario :
If a woman is bad , then she may not want to date you .
She will let you know this by saying that she 's only interested in being friends .
This is a lie .
Women do n't go online to socialize and make friends .
They go online to do two things : meet a boyfriend and reject everyone else .
If they can't see how wonderful you are , both as a person and as a guild leader , then they are n't worth your time .
Best to cut things off entirely , demand the return of anything sent ( whether real or virtual ) , and move on to find someone who appreciates you for the sensitive , understanding guy you are .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a contrarian , a contraindicator and a contraceptive .
Breasts , Violas and Tulips : Alt Predictions for 2008
Easy Ways to End All Diseases Immediately ( and Forever )
Amazon 's Insidious Plan to Create Shopping Automatons
Vestigial Organs Seem Ripe for Transhumanist
Tweaks
CCP 's new EVE Online : Trinity update has been trashing Windows XP installations by overwriting an important Windows system file during installation .
Slashdot is reporting that the Premium Update to the EVE Online MMOG from CCP is affecting installations by way of a poorly - named file and an improperly placed backslash in the installer configuration file .
As a result , the update overwrites the Windows BOOT .INI file with its own , which does not result in immediate ill effect but renders the computer unable to boot the next time it 's restarted .
Discussion in the EVE
Online forums is running hot , although numerous fixes and workarounds have been posted by both players and CCP development staff .
The company has since pulled the update and is currently working on repairing the problem .
Users of Windows Vista , Linux or OS X , as well as anyone who is still using the Classic client or used the Premium Full Installation rather than the Premium Update , will not be affected .
More information about fixes to the problem are available in this forum thread .
Update : CCP has issued a statement indicating they became aware of the problem soon after the update was deployed , and have now released a new build of EVE Online : Trinity which is safe for all users to download and install .
Anyone running non-Vista versions of Windows , with multiple hard drives ( or multiple partitions on a single drive ) who began downloading the Premium graphics content prior to 04:00 GMT on Wednesday , December 6 , should follow the instructions available here to correct any potential system issues .
After 18 year - old Pekka - Eric Auvinen killed seven students and his principal at a Finnish high school Wednesday in an attack eerily similar to Columbine , media outlets reported that Auvinen had posted a YouTube video describing the shooting before he launched the attack , leading pundits to question why no one had noticed it in time to prevent the massacre .
But months before the fateful video was posted , one prolific YouTube user known as TheAmazing Atheist called for the police to investigate Auvinen and others who had been posting videos glorifying the Columbine shooters and Timothy McVeigh , saying they were showing warning signs of being more than simply infatuated or interested in violence .
On June 7,2007 TheAmazingAtheist , whose real name appears to be Terroja Lee Kincaid , posted a rant filmed in his garage entitled " Columbine Killers , Mental Midgets & Social Darwinism . "
About 7 minutes into the video , which drew plenty of comments in June , he says :
" [ W ] hen someone starts talking about how they admire [ Columbine shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold ] , you have to wonder if they might not be potential dangers and I think they should be investigated as potential dangers , " he said .
" Not go to jail of course , but I think that those people are the kind of people you want to keep your eye on . "
We are always talking about warning signs .
Well if you want to talk about warning signs , there they are [ pointing off screen to a list of URLs of YouTube profiles , including Auvinen ’s old profile NaturalSelector89 ] .
I hope they get a lot of attention .
I ’m not the kind of person who would report these profiles to the FBI or to a law enforcement agency .
And I do n’t think most of them should be , but there are a few that would warrant some kind of investigation .
I ’m not the kind of person who would report them , but if you are , by all means do so , because some of these people facing the authorities about their beliefs on these matters would be just fine by me .
Investigate those fucking people .
It ’s really hard to know where to draw the line because its such a dangerous thing I am advocating . [… ] but there is that point I think where someone crosses the line [ … ]
RobinMcveigh , for instance , will go around threatening to shoot people .
She threatened to shoot me .
Several people on MySpace have said she threatened to shoot them .
She makes a habit of going around threatening to shoot people .
It ’s something she does .
That ’s someone who warrants an investigation .
She admires Timothy McVeigh , she admires the Columbine kids [ … ]
When you start admiring all those people and you start threatening people , I think that should set off some flags .
On Wednesday , as news of the killing broke , TheAmazing Atheist posted another video entitled " I Knew This Would Happen " :
Today I am vindicated but I do n’t feel good about it .
You can probably tell I am not happy about my vindication .
It was something I warned you this would happen .
something that I told you to be mindful of , and you did n’t .
You criticized me for it .
Many of you said I was being a bully and I was picking on people . [… ]
For those of you who could n’t know what I ’m talking about , the YouTube user formerly known as NaturalSelector89 and StormGeist89 decided to go on a little killing spree down in Finland and shoot up his classmates .
Now I warned you guys that these social darwinists kids that idolized Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were dangerous and i have the videos right there [ pointing offscreen to URLs ] to prove it .
I warned you . , I warned you .
I went specifically head - to - head with the kid that committed this act .
I made videos directed exactly at him My video " NaturalSelector89 A Sub Par Human " was directed at the man or the boy who would on this day become another mass murderer in the tradition of the people you have allowed him to heroify .
Auvinen had a following and friends on YouTube who would also create videos set to black metal or thrash music that glorified young teenagers taking revenge on bullying classmates and a stultifying society by gunning them down .
The AmazingAtheist , now 22 , was himself a young high school goth at the time of the Columbine shootings , and said , in a YouTube video , that he was interrogated by school authorities who thought he would stage a similar attack .
In one video , he argues that the lesson of Columbine and Virginia Tech shootings was that disaffected youth could become famous , not through art or writing , but through mass violence .
On his YouTube profile , Auvinen wrote " I am prepared to fight and die for my cause .
I , as a natural selector , will eliminate all who I see unfit , disgraces of human race and failures of natural selection .
I have had enough .
I do n’t want to be part of this fucked up society .
Like some other wise people have said in the past , human race is not worth fighting for or saving … only worth killing . "
The AmazingAtheist declined requests to talk in depth to THREAT LEVEL :
I really do n’t have any desire to entrench myself in this as if I can speak for him .
All I can say is that when people idolize killers and have no love for themselves it ’s not hard to see the course their lives might take .
He suggested we talk to RobinMcVeigh who he said was Auvinen ’s best friend , but she did not respond to a message for comment .
RobinMcVeigh was one of the users included in a list of people who he thought was investigation worthy .
The AmazingAtheist ’s list of profiles , which he has since removed , is as follows :
INVESTIGATION WORTHY : http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=RobinMcVeigh
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=Hendrixfor3ver
REALLY BAD : http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=NeKoo4823
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=freurfrie
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=Viequense7
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=emogurli666biotch
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=NaturalSelector89 ( emphasis added )
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=blitzkreigstein
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=PsychopathicHottie
http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=RebAndVoDKaGir
( Image : The picture from Avinen ’s YouTube profile )
 from Axis of Logic
Democracy has become an empty word that the world leaders kick around like an inflated balloon when it serves their interests .
What is of importance to the Corporatocracy that is running the planet is very much the opposite of democracy .
What the leaders are depending on for the continuation of the current misrule of the world is centralized power and dumbed - down , apathetic and poverty - stricken masses who pose no danger to the status quo .
Democracy does n't promote the interests of the ruling plutocrats .
Their goal is to concentrate all the money and power in the tiny elite that hold the strings of the dancing puppets who are politicians .
Government and business are all one and the same .
Or different parts of the same monster .
Some hold the strings of power , others do the kicking and dancing .
What is the difference between a totalitarian state which controls all the means of production and one where the owners of the means of production control the state ?
A different brand of totalitarianism but the contempt for the people could not be more deadly .
To make the control game possible , the people have to be drugged , muzzled and rendered powerless .
Also , the means of running the show have to be deprived of all transparency .
Propaganda , biased or filtered media news coverage , violent punishment of ' disobedient ' individuals , all clouded in a web of secrecy - these are the tools for running this show of the most flagrant in -egalitarian state of the world that has ever existed .
The former lords of money empires pale in comparison to the multi-billionaires of today 's distorted world .
Laws have to be ignored or annulled .
People who might possibly become a threat to the puppeteers have to be rendered harmless .
By any means possible .
There are no more any legal limits to what can be done to individuals who are arbitrarily declared to be terrorists or aiding and abetting the ' enemy ' .
Since international and national laws have become irrelevant , it is no more a big deal to get rid of undesirable persons .
There is also a general tendency to destroy what are considered superfluous masses of people through calculated starvation , wars and well planned genocide .
Added to this , there is a carefully staged neglect of the lower classes - with more and more of the so - called middle classes falling into the category of the working poor .
Instead of individual nations taking care of their own interests - economy , education , health care and the general running of business - we now have transnational powers , both political / financial ( WTO , IMF , the World Bank ) and the big corporations , who see to the piling up of the wealth of the planet in the hands of a very limited number of plutocrats .
Those are the soulless robots who hold the strings of power and who make decisions like so many machines .
They decide which people are destined for extinction and which ones can in some way be useful for the money and power machines .
The current dehumanizing process may have started in the U.S. but other nations are following suit .
Money is what counts .
People are expendables .
So there is less and less concern for the rights and the well - being of the people .
Use them as slaves , but make sure they are left ignorant and docile , easy to bend to the needs of the powerful .
Europe is slavishly following in the steps of the Empire in the West , and so is Russia .
Concentration of power in the executive , which is a Siamese twin of the Big Corporations , is an essential step in the direction of making people powerless pawns .
The legislators and the judges are easily bought up by the corporations and so we have a powerless Congress , a symbolic Parliament , a docile Reichtag , a voiceless Duma .
There is fierce competition for the diminishing hydrocarbon resources of the world and the war is on for the domination of the strategic areas where the essential riches of the planet are concentrated .
Europe is fiercely hanging on to the coattails of the U.S. , not risking getting left out when the wealth is divvied up .
However , China and India will be ever more powerful competitors to the West as far as the limited existing resources are concerned .
And all over the world , the urge for producing agro - fuel - at any cost - is raging .
If fields used to grow needed food have to be converted to the growing of agro - fuel crops , so be it .
Obviously all U.S. politicians who subscribe to the supremacy of the Empire are loyal to the idea of an indefinite occupation of Iraq .
They are even blindly willing to go along with expanding our influence in the Great Middle East , attacking and occupying other neighboring sovereign countries , running the risk of causing a complete collapse of the entire region .
And all the while , Israel , the U.S. 51st State , is doing its utmost to aid the American ambition of destabilizing and ultimately conquering the region .
In all of this desperate grabbing of power and resources , the fate of the people is of no importance whatsoever , nor is there any concern for the environment and the possibility of a continuation of life on our planet .
The whole idea of setting the world aflame for the unipolar domination of the most precious resources seems totally senseless since , at the same time , the planet is thoughtlessly being destroyed and made unlivable for future generations in the name of short - term profits .
What is going on in the world at this time is utter self - destruction and it is looking less and less credible that the U.S. Empire , which is leading the destruction , will ever come to its senses and reverse the trend .
There may still be a chance that the world can be ecologically , financially and socially saved .
But where is the Gandhi , where is the Martin Luther King , where are the men and women with hearts and brains who are willing to step up and lead the world back to sanity ?
_______
sivoneall
About author Siv O'Neall was born and raised in Sweden where she graduated from Lund University .
She has lived in Paris , France and New Rochelle , N.Y and traveled extensively throughout the U.S , Europe , and other continents , including multiple trips to India .
Siv retired after many years of teaching French in Westchester , N.Y. and English in the Grandes Ecoles ( Institutes of Technology ) in France .
She has been living in France for 30 years , first in Paris and now Lyon .
In addition to her political activism and writing , her life is filled with friends , family , music , animals , reading , traveling and she also feels that ' A thing of beauty is a joy for ever ' .
To All Innocent Fifth Columnists
Ayn Rand
Note : To All Fifth Columnists is an open letter written by Ayn Rand around the beginning of 1941 , when she was encouraging conservative intellectuals to form a national organization advocating individualism .
She desired for the letter be issued by such an organization .
You who read this represent the greatest danger to America .
No matter what the outcome of the war in Europe may be , Totalitarianism has already won a complete victory in many American minds and conquered all of our intellectual life .
You have helped it to win .
Perhaps it is your right to destroy civilization and bring dictatorship to America , but not unless you understand fully what you are doing .
If that is what you want to do , say so openly , at least to your own conscience , and we who believe in freedom will fight you openly .
But the tragedy of today is that you — who are responsible for the coming Totalitarian dictatorship of America — you do not know your own responsibility .
You would be the first to deny the active part you 're playing and proclaim your belief in freedom , in civilization , in the American way of life .
You are the most dangerous kind of Fifth Columnist — an innocent subconscious Fifth Columnist .
Of such as you is the Kingdom of Hitler and of Stalin .
You do not believe this ?
Check up on yourself .
Take the test we offer you here .
1 . Are you the kind who considers ten minutes of his time too valuable to read this and give it some thought ?
2 . Are you the kind who sits at home and moans over the state of the world — but does nothing about it ?
3 . Are you the kind who says that the future is predestined by something or other , something he can't quite name or explain and is n't very clear about , but the world is doomed to dictatorship and there 's nothing anyone can do about it ?
4 . Are you the kind who says that he wishes he could do something , he'd be so eager to do something — but what can one man do ?
5 . Are you the kind who are so devoted to your own career , your family , your home or your children that you will let the most unspeakable horrors be brought about to destroy your career , your family , your home and your children — because you are too busy now to prevent them ?
Which one of the above are you ?
A little of all ?
But are you really too busy to think ?
Who " determines " the future ?
You 're very muddled on that , are n't you ?
What exactly is " mankind " ?
Is it a mystical entity with a will of its own ?
Or is it you , and I , and the sum of all of us together ?
What force is there to make history — except men , other men just like you ?
If there are enough men who believe in a better future and are willing to work for it , the future will be what they want it to be .
You doubt this ?
Why then , if the world is doomed to dictatorship , do the dictators spend so much money and effort on propaganda ?
If history is predestined in their favor , why do n't Hitler and Stalin just ride the wave into the future without any trouble ?
Does n't it seem more probable that history will be what the minds of men want it to be , and the dictators are smart enough to prepare these minds in the way they want them , while we talk of destiny and do nothing ?
You say , what can one man do ?
When the Communists came to power in Russia , they were a handful of eighteen men .
Just eighteen .
In a country of [ 170,000,000 ] population .
They were laughed at and no one took them seriously .
According to their own prophet , Karl Marx , Russia was the last country in which Communism could be historically possible , because of Russia 's backwardness in industrial development .
Yet they succeeded .
Because they knew what they wanted and went after it — historical destiny or no historical destiny .
Adolf Hitler started the Nazi Party in Germany with seven men .
He was laughed at and considered a harmless crank .
People said that after the Versailles Treaty Germany could not possibly become a world power again , not for centuries .
Yet Hitler succeeded .
Because he knew what he wanted and went after it — history or no history .
Shall we believe in mystical fates or do something about the future ?
If you are one of those who have had a full , busy , successful life and are still hard at work making money — stop for one minute of thought .
What are you working for ?
You have enough to keep you in comfort for the rest of your days .
But you are working to insure your children 's future .
Well , what are you leaving to your children ?
The money , home , or education you plan to leave them will be worthless or taken away from them .
Instead , your legacy will be a Totalitarian America , a world of slavery , of starvation , of concentration camps and of firing squads .
The best part of your life is behind you — and it was lived in freedom .
But your children will have nothing to face save their existence as slaves .
Is that what you want for them ?
If not , it is still up to you .
There is time left to abort it — but not very much time .
You take out insurance to protect your children , do n't you ?
How much money and working effort does that insurance cost you ?
If you put one - tenth of the money and time into insuring against your children 's future slavery — you would save them and save for them everything else which you intend to leave them and which they 'll never get otherwise .
Do n't delude yourself by minimizing the danger .
You see what is going on in Europe and what it 's doing to our own country and to your own private life .
What other proof do you need ?
Do n't say smugly that " it ca n't happen here . "
Stop and look back for a moment .
The first Totalitarian dictatorship happened in Russia .
People said : well , Russia was a dark , backward , primitive nation where anything could happen — but it could not happen in any civilized country .
The next Totalitarian dictatorship happened in Italy — one of the oldest civilized countries of Europe and the mother of European culture .
People said : well , the Italians had n't had much experience in democratic self - government , but it could n't happen anywhere else .
The next Totalitarian dictatorship happened in Germany — the country of philosophers and scientists , with a long record of the highest cultural achievements .
People said : well , Germany was accustomed to autocracy , and besides there 's the Prussian character , and the last war , etc. — but it could not happen in any country with a strong democratic tradition .
Could it happen in France ?
People would have laughed at you had you asked such a question a year ago .
Well , it has happened in France — France , the mother of freedom and of democracy , France , the most independent - minded nation on earth .
Well ?
What price your smug self - confidence ?
In the face of millions of foreign money and foreign agents pouring into our country , in the face of one step after another by which our country is [ moving ] closer to Totalitarianism — you do nothing except say : " It ca n't happen here . "
Do you hear the Totalitarians answering you —
" Oh , yeah ? "
Do n't delude yourself with slogans and meaningless historical generalizations .
It can happen here .
It can happen anywhere .
And a country 's past history has nothing to do with it .
Totalitarianism is not a new product of historical evolution .
It is older than history .
It is the attempt of the worthless and the criminal to seize control of society .
That element is always there , in any country .
But a healthy society gives it no chance .
It is when the majority in a country becomes weak , indifferent and confused that a criminal minority , beautifully organized like all gangs , seizes the power .
And once that power is seized it can not be taken back for generations .
Fantastic as it may seem to think of a dictatorship in the United States , it is much easier to establish such a dictatorship than to overthrow it .
With modern technique and modern weapons at its disposal , a ruthless minority can hold millions in slavery indefinitely .
What can one thousand unorganized , unarmed men do against one man with a machine gun ?
And the tragedy of today is that by remaining unorganized and mentally unarmed we are helping to bring that slavery upon ourselves .
By being indifferent and confused , we are serving as innocent Fifth Columnists of our own destruction .
There is no personal neutrality in the world today .
Repeat that and scream that to yourself .
In all great issues there are only two sides — and no middle .
You are alive or you are dead , but you can't be " neither " or " in between . "
You are honest or you are not — and there is no neutral " half - honest . "
And so , you are against Totalitarianism — or you are for it .
There is no intellectual neutrality .
The Totalitarians do not want your active support .
They do not need it .
They have their small , compact , well - organized minority and it is sufficient to carry out their aims .
And they want from you is your indifference .
The Communists and the Nazis have stated repeatedly that the indifference of the majority is their best ally .
Just sit at home , pursue your private affairs , shrug about world problems — and you are the most effective Fifth Columnist that can be devised .
You 're doing your part as well as if you took orders consciously from Hitler or from Stalin .
And so , you 're in it , whether you want to be or not , you 're helping the world towards destruction , while moaning and wondering what makes the world such as it is today .
You do .
The Totalitarians have said : " Who is not against us , is for us . "
There is no personal neutrality .
And since you are involved , and have to be , what do you prefer ?
To do what you 're doing and help the Totalitarians ?
Or to fight them ?
But in order to fight , you must understand .
You must know exactly what you believe and you must hold to your faith honestly , consistently , and all the time .
A faith assumed occasionally , like Sunday clothes , is of no value .
Communism and Nazism are a faith .
Yours must be as strong and clear as theirs .
They know what they want .
We do n't .
But let us see how , before it is too late , whether we have a faith , what it is and how we can fight for it .
First and above all : what is Totalitarianism ?
We all hear so much about it , but we do n't understand it .
What is the most important point , the base , the whole heart of both Communism and Nazism ?
It is not the " dictatorship of the proletariat , " nor the nationalization of private property , nor the supremacy of the " Aryan " race , nor anti-Semitism .
These things are secondary symptoms , surface details , the effects and not the cause .
What is the primary cause , common to both Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany , and all other dictators , past , present , and future ?
One idea — and one only :
That the State is superior to the individual .
That the Collective holds all rights and the individual has none .
Stop here .
This is the crucial point .
What you think of this will determine whether you are a mental Fifth Columnist or not .
This is the point which allows no compromise .
You must choose one or the other .
There is no middle .
Either you believe that each individual man has value , dignity and certain inalienable rights which cannot be sacrificed for any cause , for any purpose , for any collective , for any number of other men whatsoever .
Or else you believe that a number of men — it does n't matter what you call it : a collective , a class , a race or a State — holds all rights , and any individual man can be sacrificed if some collective good — it does n't matter what you call it : better distribution of wealth , racial purity or the Millennium — demands it .
Do n't fool yourself .
Be honest about this .
Names do n't matter .
Only the basic principle matters , and there is no middle choice .
Either man has individual , inalienable rights — or he has n't .
Your intentions do n't count .
If you are willing to believe that men should be deprived of all rights for a good cause — you are a Totalitarian .
Do n't forget , Stalin and Hitler sincerely believe that their causes are good .
Stalin thinks that he is helping the downtrodden , and Hitler thinks that he is serving his country as a patriot .
They are good causes , both of them , are n't they ?
Then what creates the horrors of Russia and of Germany ?
What is destroying all civilization ?
Just this one idea — that to a good cause everything can be sacrificed ; that individual men have no rights which must be respected ; that what one person believes to be good can be put over on the others by force .
And if you — in the privacy of your own mind — believe so strongly in some particular good of yours that you would be willing to deprive men of all rights for the sake of this good , then you are as guilty of all the horrors of today as Hitler and Stalin .
These horrors are made possible only by men who have lost all respect for single , individual human beings , who accept the idea that classes , races , and nations matter , but single persons do not , that a majority is sacred , but a minority is dirt , that herds count , but Man is nothing .
Where do you stand on this ?
There is no middle ground .
If you accept the Totalitarian idea , if the words " State " or " Collective " are sacred to you , but the word " Individual " is not — stop right here .
You do n't have to read further .
What we have to say is not for you — and you are not for us .
Let 's part here — but be honest , admit that you are a Totalitarian and go join the Communist Party or the German - American Bund , because they are the logical end of the road you have chosen , and you will end up with one or the other , whether you know it now or not .
But if you are a Humanitarian and a Liberal — in the real , not the prostituted sense of these words — you will say with us that Man , each single , solitary , individual Man , has a sacred value which you respect , and sacred inalienable rights which nothing must take away from him .
You believe this ?
You agree with us that this is the heart of true Americanism , the basic principle upon which America was founded and which made it great — the Rights of Man and the Freedom of Man ?
But do you hear many voices saying this today ?
Do you read many books saying this ?
Do you see many prominent men preaching this ?
Do you know a single publication devoted to this belief or a single organization representing it ?
You do not .
Instead , you find a flood of words , of books , of preachers , publications , and organizations which , under very clever " Fronts , " work tirelessly to sell you Totalitarianism .
All of them are camouflaged under very appealing slogans : they scream to you that they are defenders of " Democracy , " of " Americanism , " of " Civil Liberties , " etc .
Everybody and anybody uses these words — and they have no meaning left .
They are empty generalities and boob - catchers .
There is only one real test that you can apply to all these organizations : ask yourself what is the actual result of their work under the glittering bromides ?
What are they really selling you , what are they driving at ?
If you ask this , you will see that they are selling you Collectivism in one form or another .
They preach " Democracy " and then make a little addition — " Economic Democracy " or a " Broader Democracy " or a " True Democracy " , and demand that we turn all property over to the Government ; " all property " means also " all rights " ; let everybody hold all rights together — and nobody have any right of any kind individually .
Is that Democracy or is it Totalitarianism ?
You know of a prominent woman commentator who wants us all to die for Democracy — and then defines " true " Democracy as State Socialism [ probably a reference to Dorothy Thompson ] .
You have heard Secretary [ Harold ]
Ickes define a " true " freedom of the press as the freedom to express the views of the majority .
You have read in a highly respectable national monthly the claim that the Bill of Rights , as taught in our schools , is " selfish " : that a " true " Bill of Rights means not demanding any rights for yourself , but your giving these rights to " others . "
God help us , fellow Americans , are we blind ?
Do you see what this means ?
Do you see the implications ?
And this is the picture wherever you look .
They " oppose " Totalitarianism and they " defend " Democracy — by preaching their own version of Totalitarianism , some form of " collective good , " " collective rights , " " collective will , " etc .
And the one thing which is never said , never preached , never upheld in our public life , the one thing all these " defenders of Democracy " hate , denounce , and tear down subtly , gradually , systematically — is the principle of Individual Rights , Individual Freedom , Individual Value .
That is the principle against which the present great world conspiracy is directed .
That is the heart of the whole world question .
That is the only opposite of Totalitarianism and our only defense against it .
Drop that — and what difference will it make what name you give to the resulting society ?
It will be Totalitarianism — and all Totalitarians are alike , all come to the same methods , the same slavery , the same bloodshed , the same horrors , no matter what noble slogan they start under , as witness Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany .
Principles are much more consistent than men .
A basic principle , once accepted , has a way of working itself out to its logical conclusion — even against the will and to the great surprise of those who accepted it .
Just accept the idea that there are no inalienable individual rights — and firing squads , executions without trial , and a Gestapo or a G. P. U. will follow automatically — no matter who holds the power , no matter how noble and benevolent his intentions .
That is a law of history .
You can find any number of examples .
Can you name one [ counter - example ] ?
Can you name one instance where absolute power — in any hands — did not end in absolute horror ?
And — for God 's sake , fellow Americans , let 's not be utter morons , let 's give our intelligence a small chance to function and let 's recognize the obvious — what is absolute power ?
It 's a power which holds all rights and has to respect none .
Does it matter whether such a power is held by a self - appointed dictator or by an elected representative body ?
The power is the same and its results will be the same .
Look through all of history .
Look at Europe .
Do n't forget — they still hold " elections " in Europe .
Do n't forget , Hitler was elected .
Now , if you see how completely intellectual Totalitarianism is already in control of our country , if you see that there is no action and no organization to defend the only true anti-Totalitarian principle , the principle of individual rights , you will realize that there is only one thing for us to do : to take such action and to form such an organization .
If you are really opposed to Totalitarianism , to all of it , in any shape , form , or color — you will join us .
We propose to unite all men of good will who believe that Freedom is our most precious possession , that it is greater than any other consideration whatsoever , that no good has ever been accomplished by force , that Freedom must not be sacrificed to any other ideal , and that Freedom is an individual , not a collective entity .
We do not know how many of us there are left in the world .
But we think there are many more than the Totalitarians suspect .
We are the majority , but we are scattered , unorganized , silenced and helpless .
The Totalitarians are an efficient , organized , and very noisy minority .
They have seized key positions in our intellectual life and they make it appear as if they are the voice of America .
They can , if left unchecked , highjack America into dictatorship .
Are we going to let them get away with it ?
They are not the voice of America .
We are .
But let us be heard .
To be heard , however , we must be organized .
This is not a paradox .
Individualists have always been reluctant to form any sort of organization .
The best , the most independent , the hardest working , the most productive members of society have always lived and worked alone .
But the incompetent and the unscrupulous have organized .
The world today shows how well they have organized .
And so , we shall attempt what has never been attempted before — an organization against organization .
That is — an organization to defend us all from the coming compulsory organization which will swallow all of society ; an organization to defend our rights , including the right not to belong to any forced organization ; an organization , not to impose our ideology upon anyone , but to prevent anyone from imposing his ideology upon us by physical or social violence .
Are you with us ?
If you realize that the world is moving toward disaster , but see no effective force to avert it —
If you are eager to join in a great cause and accept a great faith , but find no such cause or faith offered to you anywhere today —
If you are not one of those doomed jellyfish to whom the word " Freedom " means nothing —
If you cannot conceive of yourself living in a society without personal freedom , a society in which you will be told what to do , what to think , what to feel , in which your very life will be only a gift from the Collective , to be revoked at its pleasure at any time —
If you cannot conceive of yourself surrendering your freedom for any collective good whatsoever , and do not believe that any such good can ever be accomplished by such a surrender —
If you believe in your own dignity and your own value , and hold that such a belief is not " selfish , " but is instead your greatest virtue , without which you are worthless both to your fellow - men and to yourself —
If you believe that it is vicious to demand that you should exist solely for the sake of your fellow - men and grant them all and any right over you —
If you believe that it is vicious to demand everyone 's sacrifice for everyone else 's sake , and that such a demand creates nothing but mutual victims , without profiting anyone , neither society nor the individual —
If you believe that men can tell you what you must not do to them , but can never assume the arrogance of telling you what you must do , no matter what their number —
If you believe in majority rule only with protection for minority rights , both being limited by inalienable individual rights —
If you believe that the mere mention of " the good of the majority " is not sufficient ground to justify any possible kind of horror , and that those yelling loudest of " majority good " are not necessarily the friends of mankind —
If you are sick of professional " liberals , " " humanitarians , " " uplifters " and " idealists " who would do you good as they see fit , even if it kills you , whose idea of world benevolence is world slavery —
If you are sick , disgusted , disheartened , without faith , without direction , and have lost everything but your courage —
— come and join us .
There is so much at stake — and so little time left .
Let us have an organization as strong , as sure , as enthusiastic as any the Totalitarians could hope to achieve .
Let us follow our faith as consistently as they follow theirs .
Let us offer the world our philosophy of life .
Let us expose all Totalitarian propaganda in any medium and in any form .
Let us answer any argument , every promise , every " Party Line " of the Totalitarians .
Let us drop all compromise , all cooperation or collaboration with those preaching any brand of Totalitarianism in letter or in spirit , in name or in fact .
Let us have nothing to do with " Front " organizations , " Front " agents or " Front " ideas .
We do not have to proscribe them by law .
We can put them out of existence by social boycott .
But this means — no compromise .
There is no compromise between life and death .
You do not make deals with the black plague .
Let us touch nothing tainted with Totalitarianism .
Let us tear down the masks , bring them out into the open and — leave them alone .
Very strictly alone .
No " pro-Soviet " or " pro-Nazi " members of the board in our organization .
No " benevolent " Trojan horses .
Let us stick together as they do .
They silence us , they force us out of public life , they fill key positions with their own men .
Let us stick together — and they will be helpless to continue .
They have millions of foreign money on their side .
We have the truth .
As a first step and a first declaration of what we stand for , we offer you the following principles :
We believe in the value , the dignity and the freedom of Man .
We believe :
— That each man has inalienable rights which cannot be taken from him for any cause whatsoever .
These rights are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
— That the right of life means that man cannot be deprived of his life for the convenience of any number of other men .
— That the right of liberty means freedom of individual decision , individual choice , individual judgment and individual initiative ; it means also the right to disagree with others .
— That the right to the pursuit of happiness means man 's freedom to choose what constitutes his own private , personal happiness and to work for its achievement ; that such a pursuit is neither evil nor reprehensible , but honorable and good ; and that a man 's happiness is not to be prescribed to him by any other man nor by any number of other men .
— That these rights have no meaning unless they are the unconditional , personal , private possession of each man , granted to him by the fact of his birth , held by him independently of all other men , and limited only by the exercise of the same rights by other men .
— That the only just , moral and beneficent form of society is a society based upon the recognition of these inalienable individual rights .
— That the State exists for Man , and no Man for the State .
— That the greatest good for all men can be achieved only through the voluntary cooperation of free individuals for mutual benefit , and not through a compulsory sacrifice of all for all .
— That " voluntary " presupposes an alternative and a choice of opportunities ; and thus even a universal agreement of all men on one course of action is neither free nor voluntary if no other course of action is open to them .
— That each man 's independence of spirit and other men's respect for it have created all civilization , all culture , all human progress and have benefited all mankind .
— That the greatest threat to civilization is the spread of Collectivism , which demands the sacrifice of all individual rights to collective rights and the supremacy of the State over the individual .
— That the general good which such Collectivism professes as its objective can never be achieved at the sacrifice of man 's freedom , and such sacrifice can lead only to general suffering , stagnation , and degeneration .
— That such conception of Collectivism is the greatest possible evil — under any name , in any form , for any professed purpose whatsoever .
Such is our definition of Americanism and the American way of life .
The American way of life has always been based upon the Rights of Man , upon individual freedom and upon respect for each human individual personality .
Through all its history , this has been the source of America 's greatness .
This is the spirit of America which we dedicate ourselves to defend and preserve .
In practical policy we shall be guided by one basic formula : of every law and of every conception we shall demand the maximum freedom for the individual and the minimum power for the government necessary to achieve any given social objective .
If you believe this , join us .
If you do n't — fight us .
Either is your privilege , but the only truly immoral act you can commit is to agree with us , to realize that we are right — and then to forget it and do nothing .
There is some excuse , little as it may be , for an open , honest Fifth Columnist .
There is none for an innocent , passive , subconscious one .
Of all the things we have said here to you , we wish to be wrong on only one — our first sentence .
Prove us wrong on that .
Join us .
The world is a beautiful place and worth fighting for .
But not without Freedom .
@perchik --
I guess your theory is possible , although frankly I do n't remember talking about cake at that party .
We just happened to be seated at the same table with like 6 other people , but we were n't even sitting anywhere near each other .
To answer your question -- the cakes have no writing on them .
No special message on the cards beyond the normal " Enjoy " or " Hope you like it " .
@ Cristi -- got a huge laugh out of your policeman on the cake idea .
I 'll keep that in mind !
@ Modern Classic -- good tip on doing a google search on his name .
I did a quick search just now ... turns out he 's got a rather common name , so I 'm turning up hits from all over the place ( including other countries ) for other people with the same name .
When I have more time , I 'll try wading through the results .
@lilakess -- thanks for sharing your experience .
While you have a point about him probably expecting something because he 's been sending cake for two years , I do n't think he should expect anything from me just because he 's been sending me cake .
I mean -- if he had been sending me jewelry all this time , you can bet that I 'd have called him the first time and rejected it .
But since it 's cake , it seemed kinda petty to return it when the first one arrived .
Also , there 's the added complication that I do n't even know where he lives so I would n't have a way to return the cake without actually calling him -- something I do n't want to do in the first place .
@andrew and @segdeha -- like both of you , my friend is really leaning towards the " fallback " idea also .
But geez ... if that 's really the case , then would n't I come across as someone really pathetic if he one day asks me out and I said yes ?
What guy would want to go out with a girl like that ??
If he was n't ready to get involved with someone , then would n't it have been better to just stay away until he was prepared to make a move ?
With the way things stand now , I 'd really rather that he just move on , even though I know I 've not really given him a fair chance .
@ezraglenn -- the putrid pastry idea has some merit , but I think I would n't be able to stand having a rotten thing in my house for four months just on the off - chance that he might send another cake .
I mean , that would be like giving this guy so much influence over me , to the point that I 'd alter my lifestyle for four months just to make an indirect point .
Calling him and talking to him would be preferable to that , I think .
Radio Cut of A Host That Refuses To Bow To The Muslim Cult .
( Last became corrupt , sorry ' bout that )
In 2000 , the United States Geological Survey issued its World Petroleum Assessment , covering the thirty year period 1995 - 2025 ( Table 1 ) .
The resource estimates from this study are widely quoted to support the argument that oil production can continue to expand . (
Table 1 : USGS ( 2000 ) Resource Assessment
Conventional oil and NGLs
In assessing the world 's total oil endowment to be over 3 trillion barrels , the USGS study defines a huge contribution of 730 billion barrels with the ' potential to be added ' to world reserves over the period 1995 - 2025 as a result of increases in the amount of oil that can be extracted from existing fields .
The complete Reserves Growth report ( Chapter RG ) from the World Petroleum Assessment is available through the USGS website .
It should be noted , that while the USGS total estimate is likely high in each of the three areas assessed , a total endowment of 3.3 trillion barrels is insufficient to enable production to continue growing at historical rates beyond 2020 .
Forecasts for peak oil occurring much beyond 2020 imply even more unlikely resource estimates .
USGS Methodology
In assessing the potential for reserve growth to increase world resource estimates , the USGS studied apparent field size increases over time in the mature oil producing regions of the United States and applied the observed growth to worldwide remaining reserves and cumulative production , resulting in an average increase of 44 % .
A flow chart illustrating the process the USGS used is shown in figure 1 .
Figure 1 : Flow Chart for the USGS Reserves Growth Assessment Methodology .
By using ' proven reserves ' , this method firstly neglects the significant role that the US reporting environment had on perceived increases .
As production and field development proceeds , publicly stated proven reserves are necessarily revised upwards , towards the initial ' proved plus probable ' estimate .
The real average increase in 2P ( or P50 ) reserves is therefore significantly lower than 44 % .
Secondly , the manner in which oil fields are developed now bears no comparison to the early days of the US industry and leaves a lot less to gain .
This difference has arisen largely because North American ( USA and Canada ) mineral rights are vested in the landowner , while almost everywhere else in the world they are vested in the Government .
Since the 1970's , and in contrast to early North American experience , new fields have generally been unitized and fully delineated .
This means that the joint field owners are allocated a percentage share in the field based on how much of the field lies within their acreage .
Costs and subsequent revenue are apportioned between the owners , enabling agreement on upfront capital costs for appropriate development .
The result is that secondary recovery is now generally in place where appropriate from day one .
Figure 2 : The forest of drilling rigs that occurs when owners of small pockets of land have the mineral rights and compete against each other to extract oil from a field as quickly and cheaply as possible .
As a result of this fundamental difference in ownership and approach it is quite inappropriate to apply the reserve growth experience from North America to non-North American reserves .
Development of deep water and smaller fields has only strengthened this trend towards optimized recovery from early in field life .
Consequently , there has been relatively little reserves growth observed in offshore producing areas in the last decade .
A New Reserves Growth Methodology
The USGS used a plot function that defined reserves growth as a function of the age of the field .
However , largely because of the errors described above , the function is much too optimistic when applied to the rest of the world .
Figure 3 : Graphical representation of typical recovery factors ( chart from Industry Technology Facilitator , owned by 18 UK North Sea operators ) .
Rather than applying a growth function simply as a factor of age , we can consider categories of fields according to their current development status .
For each category we can estimate the maturity of the current ' proven plus probable ' reserves estimate and the scope for further gains :
For fields that are not yet developed or that are using primary recovery only , the scope for reserves growth is large .
However , there are relatively few fields in these two categories .
For the large fraction of fields where secondary recovery facilities are in operation , or strong natural aquifer pressure support is present , future reserves increments are the additional contribution that could be achieved by tertiary recovery only .
For fields where tertiary recovery mechanisms are already operating , the recovery gains expected from those facilities will be included in current reserves estimate .
The prospects for further reserve growth in this category are limited .
For fields at or near the end of their producing lives , especially those decommissioned or de-pressurized in a switch to gas production , there is little scope for reserves growth .
While isolated fields may be successfully redeveloped , the average increase in reserves will be low .
For gas / condensate fields , confidence in ultimate liquid production is somewhat higher and possibilities for enhanced recovery are generally limited to lowering wellhead pressures .
Using these categories , a new estimate of potential reserve growth is presented in Table 2 .
Table 2 : Assessment of Reserve Growth
Conventional crude oil , condensate and NGLs ( billion barrels )
Revision : 29th Nov 2007
Click to enlarge
Updated at 11:58 p.m. EST , Jan. 2 , 2008
A female suicide bomber struck Baquba for the second time this week and only a day after a major bombing in Baghdad .
The recent surge in bombings coincides with a message from Osama bin Laden threatening an increase in such attacks against Awakening Councils .
Overall , at least 67 Iraqis were killed and 55 were wounded .
No Coalition deaths were reported .
In Baquba , a female suicide bomber targeted an Awakening Council checkpoint in the Naaquba al - Jadida neighborhood , killing as many as 10 people and wounding 28 others ; women were among the casualties .
The U.S. military said the bomber was male and gave lower casualty figures .
Meanwhile , U.S. forces killed two suspects and detained seven more during security operations .
In Baghdad , police increased the toll from yesterday ’s bombing by six deaths , up from the 30 killed previously reported .
An IED near Shabb Stadium in the Zayouna district left five wounded .
Three suspects were killed and 28 were detained during security operations ; three security personnel were killed and two more were wounded .
Five children and an adult were shot to death in their minivan .
Also , three dumped bodies were found .
U.S. forces in Mosul accidentally killed a woman when a missile meant for a group of people planting a roadside bomb went off - course .
In the al - Baath neighborhood , a roadside bomb wounded a policeman .
A police officer was killed and two were wounded during clashes in the al - Mithaq .
Gunmen killed two brothers , a soldier and a policeman , at their home in al - Hay .
A roadside bomb in Abu Saida killed a civilian last night .
Also , an Iraqi soldier was wounded during a mortar attack .
North of Basra in al - Abla , gunmen wounded two civilians .
Near Jalawla , three suspects were killed and one was wounded during security operations .
A police officer was killed and six were injured during an ambush in Salah ad Din province .
Three police commandos were also injured .
Among the injured was the Al Salam Iraqi Police commander .
During overnight operations , 15 suspects , a policeman and two civilians were killed .
Three gunmen were captured in Hawija .
Gunmen killed six people and wounded three others in Muqdadiyah .
In Hanash , eight suspects were detained .
Across Iraq , 201 detainees were released for lack of evidence against them .
The Basra Security Committee released figures on the number of women killed last year .
Of the 133 women killed in Basra , 79 were murdered for violating Sharia law and the others died in honor killings .
Separately , a mortar attack on the British base at the airport left no casualties .
Meanwhile , the International Federation of Journalists reported that 65 journalists were killed across Iraq during 2007 .
The figure represents nearly a third of deaths worldwide .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
People often ask : I want to get greener , what should I do ?
New light bulbs ?
A hybrid ?
A solar roof ?
Well , all of those things are helpful .
But actually , the greenest thing you can do is this : Choose the right leaders .
It is so much more important to change your leaders than change your light bulbs .
Why ?
Because leaders write the rules , set the standards and offer the tax incentives that drive market behavior across a whole city , state or country .
Whatever any of us does individually matters a tiny bit .
But when leaders change the rules , you get scale change across the whole marketplace .
And the energy - climate challenge we face today is a huge scale problem .
Without scale , all you have is a green hobby .
Have no illusions , everything George Bush would n’t do on energy after 9/11 — his resisting improved mileage for cars and actually trying to weaken air - conditioner standards — swamped any good works you did .
Fortunately , the vacuum in the White House is being filled by leaders from below .
Take the New York City taxi story .
Two years ago , David Yassky , a City Council member , sat down with one of his backers , Jack Hidary , a technology entrepreneur , to brainstorm about how to make New York City greener — at scale .
For starters , they checked with the Taxi and Limousine Commission to see what it would take to replace the old gas - guzzling Crown Victoria yellow cabs , which get around 10 miles a gallon , with better - mileage , low - emission hybrids .
Great idea , only it turned out to be illegal , thanks to some old size regulations designed to favor Crown Vics .
Download Download ( h/t BillW )
You know what the best thing about Republicans debates is for me ?
Frankie " The Hair " Luntz always comes on FOX News to give some more of his patented marketing wisdom .
You know , the kind of wisdom that allows you to spin all your negatives into sounding -- but not really being -- positive ?
There are few in the media who make my job easier .
Watch Frank give his interpretation of his dial polls during the CNN / YouTube GOP debates :
If you want to understand what Republicans are looking for : passion , principles and pithy commentary .
And the candidate that stood out yesterday was Fred Thompson .
Pithy , but not factually - based , right , Frank ?
And as far as passion , I 've seen people without pulses that seem more passionate than Fred Thompson , but maybe you go for that type .
And try as I might , I could n't find a single other person who agreed with your assessment that Freddie of Hollywood won the debate .
Curious , that .
However , my favorite part is when Luntz apologizes to Sean Hannity for being one of those last desperate few who support GWB :
They 're afraid that as they watch -- and these people , Sean , are watching both Republican and Democratic debates ; I 'm not surprised that they 're getting very high ratings -- They look at what the Democrats offer and to them , it does n't sound - and I 'm going to use this word deliberately - it does n't sound American .
To the Republicans .
And they 're nervous that the Democratic candidates will take the country backward .
Point one .
Point two is that they want to see the Republicans with a genuine focus and they find that the Democrats have been more precise in terms of issues than their own candidates have been and third , and I apologize for this , Sean , they 're very disappointed with President Bush .
Republicans who voted for him are disappointed in what has happened over the past two years .
Think how disappointed those of us who never voted for Bush are in them , Frank .
The National Intelligence Estimate report is only one interesting development that seemingly reveals cracks on the American front in the bound - to - be-long history of conflict over Iran 's right to nuclear armament .
I am curious about how such a vague report that does n't rule out any possibility was co-signed by all American intelligence groups and submitted to the White house in the midst of American efforts to isolate Iran internationally .
It is not hard to imagine that once the report was submitted , the White House did not have much choice but to release it given the leak scandals it has faced before .
Looking at this from the Middle East perspective , such a break during a time of struggle seems way too un-American .
That leads me to think that there is something larger at work here .
I do n't buy the arguments that the current American administration has learned from the failures of pre-war Iraq intelligence and that the new report reflects a change of methods for the intelligence community .
In my view , the move towards relaxing intelligence assumptions is not the way Americans chose to go after 9/11 and despite the unpopularity of the Iraq war , American public opinion has not changed on tightening security .
I find it hard to believe that the Bush administration 's post - 9/11 choice of intelligence heads chose this approach naively .
All this makes me think that more than a true break in alliance , this is merely a change in tactics for the Americans .
Perhaps America 's post - Iraq awareness of the unpopularity of pre-emptive strikes has led them to alter their methods and combine different strategies in dealing with Iran .
With the uncertainty of elections looming over American policy , this report will act as the foundation of the narrative for the switch in tactics in case a Democratic president takes office .
Probably , the report intends to send a message across to others involved in the conflict that America is sincere in trying soft - power ; sort of a cease - fire offer .
Experience tells us that declaring a cease - fire during a time of internal change is a clever yet common move .
I certainly do n't think America 's eagerness to stop Iran should be ruled out in the shadow of this report .
Because recent headlines in the American press about Iran usually revolve around her nuclear ambitions , the American public tends to forget the background of the conflict with Iran .
It started roughly in 1953 when a coup d'état backed by America and Britain removed the elected Prime Minister Mosaddeq in favor of America - friendly Shah of Iran .
Back then , the American - British coalition did not have any reasons for ousting him , other than their stakes in Iran ’s nationalized oil companies and the fact that they disagreed with Mosaddeq 's ideology .
Today , much remains the same except the western alliance cannot rally another coup to overthrow the current regime .
It is not just that they are no more capable of it , but they have seen how badly it backfired as well .
But this does not mean that they will not resort to their second favorite tool of coercion : force .
In the current case , there are strong indications that the use of force is still the first option even when soft - power is also combined into the general strategy .
I think Anton Chekhov 's maxim that , " if a gun is hanging on the wall in the first act , it will always go off by the play 's end " explains this situation pretty well .
With public talk and planning of strikes on Iranian targets and with Israel 's actual bombing of Syrian buildings suspected of being nuclear - research related , the gun is hung high and visible on the wall .
I do not doubt it will go off .
On the other hand , it is worth remembering that it was not the Iranians who hung this gun on the wall and who opened the curtain for this play .
After meddling with Iran ’s democratic system , America tried to support secessionism there and also supported Iraq 's assault on Iran .
It cost millions of Iranian lives and an incredible amount of wealth .
Today , United States still helps military groups destabilize Iran and slyly accuses Iran of meddling in Iraq and seeking regional domination – whereas her own aspiration for global domination is no secret to anybody .
Therefore I believe the Iranians should find much wider support from international community to protect themselves from this unending American aggression and the only way to do that is to have a nuclear deterrent .
The greatest danger in the Middle East is American meddling .
Bush 's earlier remarks about assuming the Middle East was a chaotic place before American intervention were a grave distortion of truth .
Without America and with its own commodity wealth , the Middle East can still be a prosperous and peaceful region .
Nanosolar has just announced that , after five years of development , it will be shipping its innovative “ solar film ” product .
Basically , Nanosolar is able to print solar panels on machines that resemble printing presses .
The company , whose backers include Google ’s co-founders , say it is producing the world ’s lowest - cost solar panel , costing as little as 99 cents per watt .
What will Nanosolar be doing with the first three commercial panels ?
Panel # 1 will remain at Nanosolar for exhibit .
Panel # 2 can be purchased by you in an auction on eBay starting today .
Panel # 3 has been donated to the Tech Museum in San Jose .
Nanosolar is a heavily financed Silicon Valley start - up .
The company has raised $ 150 million and built a 200,000 - square - foot factory .
To make solar film , Nanosolar prints CIGS ( copper- indium - gallium - selenium ) onto a thin polymer .
There is no costly silicon involved in the process .
Nanosolar is only a few years old , but it has laid plans to take on multinational corporations , such as BP and Sharp , in the solar industry .
Via : NanoSolar Blog
Flag waving is a metaphor for stirring up the public towards adopting a more nationalistic , generally hard - line stance .
Indeed , " rally ' round the flag " is a venerable expression of this phenomenon .
It comes as some surprise , then , that studies conducted by researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem have shown that exposing people to a subliminal image of the national flag had just the opposite fact -- moderating their political attitudes .
Further , the researchers say that their studies indicate that , in general , subliminal messages -- that is , messages that are processed by our brains but never reach our consciousness -- do indeed influence explicit attitudes and real - life political behavior , a significant extension to what we know about the effects of non-conscious processes .
The studies , led by cognitive scientist Dr. Ran Hassin of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem Psychology Department , show that the subliminal presentation of a national symbol affects not only political attitudes , but also voting intentions and actual voting in general elections .
In an article in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , a team led by Hassin reported on a set of experiments that examined the effects of the subliminal presentation of the national flag .
The experiments involved over 300 participants who were recruited on the Mount Scopus campus of the Hebrew University .
In the first experiment , the Israeli participants , divided into two groups at random , were asked about their attitudes towards core issues in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Prior to answering these questions , half of them were exposed to subliminal images of the Israeli flag projected on a monitor and half of them were not .
The results show that the former group tended to shift to the political center .
In other words , a brief presentation of the Israeli flag -- so brief , that people did n't even notice it -- was sufficient to make people adopt more moderate views .
Another experiment , that was conducted in the weeks that preceded the Israeli pullout from Gaza , replicated these results and reflected centrist views in relation to the withdrawal and Jewish settlers in the West Bank and Gaza .
The third experiment was held just prior to Israel 's last general elections .
The results were identical .
The subliminal presentation of Israel 's flag drew right wing , as well as left wing , Israelis towards the political center .
Crucially , participants who were subliminally exposed to the flag said they intended to vote for more central parties than those who had not been exposed to the subliminal message .
The researchers then called the participants after the elections , and found out that people who were exposed to the flag indeed voted in a more moderate way .
Why this exposure to a national symbol should have what appears to be a surprising moderating effect remains yet to be studied and analyzed .
" I think these results are interesting for two reasons , " says Hassin .
" First , they provide sound empirical evidence for the non-conscious ways in which national ideologies subtly affect our thoughts and behaviors .
We are now extending this research to examine what other ideologies can do so and in what ways this is expressed . "
" Secondly , " he continued , " these results significantly extend the empirical knowledge regarding the nature and influences of unconscious processes .
We are now investigating the mental mechanisms that underlie this phenomenon , and I am confident that this journey will yield new insights to our understanding of the cognitive unconscious -- and hence , of consciousness itself . "
PR
「 USB - KNOPPIX 」 は，KNOPPIX日本語版 を “ 減量 ” させて256MバイトのUSBメモリー内に格納できるようにしたLinux OSである。もちろん，USBメモリーから起動できる。主要開発者自らが実践的な使い方を紹介する。
「 USB - KNOPPIX 」は，産業技術総合研究所が配布している1CD
Linux の「 KNOPPIX日本語版」（関連記事「 KNOPPIX を使いこなそう」を参照）を“ 減量” させて ，USBメモリー内に格納できるようにしたものである。日本電子専門学校のオープンソースシステム科（2006年4月に，コンピュータネットワーク研究科から改名）の教育システムである「プログラミング演習の仮想化」の一環として作成したものだ。現在は独立したプロジェクトとなっている。
USB -KNOPPIXの最大の特徴は，CDからの起動と比較して，システムが立ち上がるまでの時間が格段に短いことである。そのデスクトップ画面を写真1に示す。
さらにUSB-KNOPPIXでは，システム終了時にユーザーのホーム・ディレクトリをUSBメモリー内に保存し，再起動時にそれをまたホーム・ディレクトリして展開する。従ってシステムを停止させた場合でも，ホーム・ディレクトリの内容を維持できる。Webブラウザのブックマークの設定，送受信したメール，作成したファイルなどが保存されるため，出先などで他人のPCを借りて，使い慣れた自分のシステム環境での作業が可能になる。
著者は「 iPod Shuffle」にシステム環境を入れて常時持ち歩いている。OpenOffice.orgも含まれるため，学会などでプレゼンテーションを行う場合に使えると同時に，直前に修正を加えることもできるので重宝して使っている。また，自宅や職場にあるデスクトップとは「rsync」コマンドを利用してファイルの同期を行っているため常に最新の状態で作業が行えることも便利である。
USB -KNOPPIX のダウンロード
には ，X Window Systemが起動し，汎用アプリケーションが組み込んである「256Mバイト・バージョン」と，ネットワーク関連のコマンド等をコンソールで操作できる「64Mバイト・バージョン」が存在する。いずれも，（Webページ）からダウンロードできる。
インストール時に注意したいのが，ダウンロードしたファイルから直接USBメモリーにインストールするのではなく，一度CD-Rなどにイメージを焼き付けて，そのCD-RからKNOPPIXを起動して，USBメモリーにインストールする必要があることだ（＊1）。
ここでは256Mバイト・バージョンを一度CD-Rに焼いてからインストールする方法を紹介する。まず「USB-KNOPPIX-20041001R001.iso」をCD-Rに焼く。Linux上では「cdrecord」や「xcdroast」を使ってCD-Rに焼き付けられる。注意したいのは，上記ファイルをファイルとしてではなく，イメージとして焼き付けることである。
White House to give Leahy , Specter access to wiretap documents Nick Juliano
Published : Friday October 26 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Specifics still being worked out , Senators pushing for full committee access
In a telephone conversation Thursday , White House counsel Fred Fielding agreed to let the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee see documents related to the administration 's warrantless wiretapping program .
" In a brief phone call with Fred Fielding yesterday , ( Committee Chairman Patrick ) Leahy was told that he and ( Ranking Member Arlen ) Specter will have access to ' documents . '
We do n't know yet which documents , and Sen .
Leahy is pushing to ensure that all members of the Judiciary Committee have access , " committee spokeswoman Erica Chabot told RAW STORY via e-mail Friday .
The agreement reached this week represents a major development in the battle between the White House and congress over attempts to update a foreign intelligence surveillance law .
The committee has said it would not consider giving telecommunications companies legal immunity for participating in the warrantless wiretapping scheme until the administration provided these documents .
Leahy and Specter previously said they would not grant administration demands that telecom companies be spared from litigation until the administration laid out its legal justifications for the warrantless wiretapping .
Whether that provision will end up in the Judiciary Committee 's bill remains to be seen .
An Intelligence Committee bill included telecom immunity after members of that panel were allowed to see the requested documents .
Critics have accused the Intelligence Committee and White House of engaging in a quid pro quo to trade access to the documents for an agreement to grant immunity , although the committee and administration have denied that such an explicit agreement existed .
Leahy and Specter said such an arrangement would be " unacceptable " in a letter to Fielding earlier this week , but Judiciary Committee staff are still negotiating precise conditions for turning over the documents with the White House .
" To my knowledge no prerequisite like that was place on this , " Chabot told RAW STORY , but she acknowledged that staff are unaware precisely what was discussed Thursday when Leahy and Fielding spoke by phone .
" I believe this was an A and B conversation and that was it , " she said .
A White House spokesman suggested the documents were being handed over to the Senate committees because they seemed willing to broach the subject of telecom immunity .
Companion committees in the House approved a bill earlier this month that did not include telecom immunity and as a result they have not seen the highly guarded classified documents .
 If the committees say they have no interest in legislating on the issue of liability protection , we have no reason to accommodate them ,  spokesman Tony Fratto told the New York Times .
It remains unclear just what documents will be handed over , whether the full committee will see the documents and how the Bush administration will control access to the legal justifications for its post - 9/11 program to warrantless eavesdrop on untold numbers of Americans .
The Judiciary Committee has a hearing scheduled for next week to consider its update to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Congress is debating a long - term FISA fix that would close loopholes in the law and correct civil liberties abuses critics say were included in a hastily passed measure from this summer .
That temporary update , the Protect America Act , expires in February .
Developing ...
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
With Apple ’s just - released upgrade , the iPhone ( and iPod touch ) software moves from version 1.1.2 to 1.1.3 .
Given the small numerical increment , you ’d be justified in thinking this was only a minor maintenance update .
If so , you ’d be wrong .
In fact , version 1.1.3 introduces a collection of new features that outpace all the changes in the previous updates combined .
Here ’s the lowdown on what ’s up with 1.1.3 .
I ’ll be adding this information to “ Take Control of Your iPhone ” in a future update ; if you find the details in this article useful , you ’ll find nearly 200 pages of equally helpful setup , usage , and troubleshooting information in the full ebook .
Enhanced Maps —
The biggest beneficiary of the 1.1.3 update is Maps .
Maps was already such a great tool for finding locations and getting directions that many people ( myself included ) considered it to be the iPhone ’s killer app .
With 1.1.3 , Maps gets even better .
For the most part , you access the new features in Maps via the redesigned toolbar along the bottom of the screen .
First up , Maps can now find your current location .
To do this , tap the leftmost button on the toolbar .
After a brief wait , a map appears with a circle on it .
The circle surrounds what Maps believes is your “ current location . ”
The size of the circle is an indication of its assumed accuracy ; a smaller circle means a more accurate result .
No , your iPhone has not been magically endowed with GPS hardware .
Rather , the iPhone is triangulating your location from cellular network towers and ( assuming you have Wi - Fi turned on ) from Wi -Fi networks , public and private ( for an explanation of how this works , see “ iPhone and iPod touch Become Self - Aware , ” 2008-01 - 15 ) .
This , of course , means that if you are currently in an area with poor cell coverage and / or no Wi-Fi networks of any kind , the feature wo n’t work well – if at all .
( The company handling Wi-Fi triangulation , Skyhook Wireless , currently covers 70 percent of the population of the United States , Canada , and Australia , with more limited European coverage .
You can see if they cover your area by punching in an address on their site . )
But if you are where it does work , “ current location ” is a spectacular addition to the Maps software .
For example , after finding your current location , if you next tap the Directions button , your current location is automatically selected as the Start location .
This enables you to get directions from your current location to some other destination , even if you are lost and do n’t know where you are at the moment !
A note for iPod touch users : Maps can perform similar magic on your iPod touch , but it triangulates only from Wi -Fi data , not cell towers , and requires an Internet connection to do so .
Dropped Pins —
No , “ dropped pins ” does n’t mean you have to get down on the floor and start searching for small pointy objects .
In Maps , pins are used to show a selected location ( for example , if you searched for a restaurant , a pin would indicate its location ) .
You can now drop a pin on the currently displayed map and drag it around to wherever you want it .
The pin location can be used as the start or end point for directions .
This allows you , for example , to get directions to or from an approximate location without needing to specify a specific address .
To do all this , first tap the new View ( eye ) button on the right side of the toolbar .
This causes the currently displayed map to curl back somewhat , slickly revealing a set of options beneath : Drop Pin , Show Traffic , and a choice of display type ( Map , Satellite , Hybrid , or List ) .
From here , tap Drop Pin ( if there is a dropped pin already in place , the button will instead read Replace Pin ) .
A pin appears on the Map with instructions to “ Drag To Move Pin . ”
After moving the pin to where you want it , tap for Directions and Dropped Pin will be listed as the Start point .
Alternatively , tap the Dropped Pin ’s More Info ( > ) icon and you ’ll see options to add the pin location as a bookmark or remove the pin entirely .
Customized Home ( and Web Clips ) —
With iPhone ( or iPod touch ) software 1.1.3 , you can customize the locations of the icons on your Home screen .
To do so , first press and hold down on any icon .
After a second or so , all the icons begin to jiggle slightly .
You can now rearrange the icons to be in any sequence that you want .
To modify the icons in the row along the bottom , first move one out ; you can then drag a new one in .
When you are done , push the Home button to stop the jiggling .
But wait , there ’s more !
Launch Safari and go to any desired Web page .
Now tap the new + button in the toolbar at the bottom of the Safari display .
This brings up three options : Add Bookmark , Mail Link to this Page , and Add to Home Screen .
It ’s the last one that you want for now .
Tap it , and an icon , referred to as a Web Clip , is added to your Home screen .
Tap the Web Clip icon and you are taken directly to that Web page .
This provides a quick and convenient way to return to any frequently accessed Web page .
If you create more Web Clips than fit on the initial Home screen , a second screen is automatically added to handle the overflow .
You can have a maximum of nine screens .
You can navigate back and forth among screens by swiping right or left .
A row of dots near the bottom of the screen indicates the total number of screens ; the dot representing the current screen is brighter than the others .
When you have the icons jiggling , you can move an icon to a different screen by dragging it to the right ( or left ) edge of the current screen .
You can also delete any Web Clip by tapping the X icon in the upper left corner of the Web Clip .
To return to the default Home settings at any time , go to Settings > General >
Reset and tap “ Reset Home Screen Layout . ”
Multiple recipients for Text ( SMS ) messages —
From the Text application , you can now simultaneously send a single message to more than one person .
To do so , click the + button that appears in the To field and create your list of recipients .
After updating to 1.1.3 , you also do n’t need to be as concerned about getting “ SMS Mailbox is full ” messages .
The storage limit for SMS messages has been increased from 1,000 to 75,000 .
Movies —
After updating the iPhone software ( as well as updating iTunes to version 7.6 or later ) , you can watch rented movies on your iPhone .
To do so , rent the movie in iTunes and add it to your iPhone ’s sync list ( via the new Rented Movies section of the iPhone ’s Video tab ) .
The movie is transferred to the iPhone during your next sync .
A rented movie can be stored in only one location at a time ; this means that , once a movie has been transferred to your iPhone , it is removed from your iTunes Library .
Most downloaded movies support a new chapter feature that enables you to navigate quickly forward or backward through a movie , via a chapters list , in a manner similar to the “ scene selection ” navigation available with most movie DVDs .
To access the chapter list , if available , tap the list icon , found in the playback controls .
The latest software also lets you choose among alternate languages and whether or not to display subtitles , assuming the selected movie includes such data .
Gmail IMAP Accounts —
In iPhone Software 1.1.2 and earlier , if you used the automatic setup for creating a Gmail account , you would wind up with a POP account .
As such , messages sent from your iPhone would not appear in an email client on your Mac or PC , and folders ( Gmail tags ) other than your Inbox were inaccessible on the iPhone .
To compensate for this , Gmail on your iPhone automatically sent a copy of all your sent mail to yourself .
You could disable this Cc feature , if you wished , by going to Settings > Mail > { your Gmail account name} >
Advanced and turning off “ Use Recent Mode . ”
In iPhone Software Update 1.1.3 , the Recent Mode option is gone .
This is because Gmail is now configured as an IMAP account by default , which means that all received and sent messages remain accessible from the IMAP server , making the Recent Mode option unnecessary .
This shift to IMAP also means that Gmail messages older than 30 days remain viewable on your iPhone .
Previously , such older messages could be viewed only if you disabled Recent Mode ( and possibly not even then ) .
Further , if you delete a message from your iPhone when using an IMAP Gmail account , it will be moved to the Trash on the Gmail server .
With a POP Gmail account , deleting a message on your iPhone had no effect on the mail stored on the server .
If you go to your IMAP Gmail account in the Mail application , you will find a few additional enhancements .
In particular , there are now separate folders for All Mail , Spam , and Starred – as well as listings for gDisk content .
Also , although I have not personally confirmed this , Google Maps embedded in messages received to your Gmail account should now appear correctly on your iPhone .
There is one glitch in all this .
If you created a Gmail account prior to upgrading to 1.1.3 , it remains a POP account even after the upgrade .
To shift to IMAP , you ’ll need to select Settings > Mail > Add Account … >
Other and use the IMAP settings to create a new Gmail account .
Then delete the older Gmail account .
The Minor New Features —
An assortment of other minor improvements and bug fixes were included with iPhone Software 1.1.3 and iTunes 7.6 :
Use gift codes :
You can now redeem iTunes gift codes directly from the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on your iPhone .
See song lyrics :
If you have entered lyrics for a song , the iPhone can display them as the song is playing .
Apple , however , has not made the method for doing this particularly obvious .
Check out this Macworld article for assistance .
Use two - fingered typing :
On a standard keyboard , if you hold down the Shift key while typing other keys , the typed keys appear in all caps .
Prior to the 1.1.3 update , you could not do this with the iPhone ’s virtual keyboard .
Mingling data bug fixed :
If you ever got a “ mingling data ” error on your iPhone , do n’t worry about seeing it again .
Apple squashed this bug in the 1.1.3 update .
Manually manage music : Starting in iTunes 7.6 , there is a new listing in the Options section of the iPhone ’s Summary tab : “ Manually manage music and videos . ”
This feature , which has long been available on iPods , is now an iPhone option as well .
With this option enabled , you can add individual songs to your iPhone by directly dragging a song from your iTunes Library to the iPhone listing in Devices .
Conversely , you can delete individual songs from your iPhone .
Previously , the only way to modify the media content on your iPhone was via the iPhone ’s Music , Podcast , and Video tabs .
Tip :
Go to the contextual menu for the iPhone ( accessed from the Devices listing in iTunes ) .
If you have enabled the “ Manually manage … ” option , you ’ll find a New Playlist item in the menu .
If you select this item , you create a new “ untitled ” playlist directly on the iPhone .
You can manually drag songs to and from this playlist .
A Tale of Two Updates —
While this article has focused on the iPhone , most of the described changes apply to the iPod touch as well .
In addition , there are a couple of iPod touch - specific aspects to the update .
The iPod touch Software Update 1.1.3 is free .
Installing this update gives you features such as the ability to customize your home screen and to rent movies .
However , it does not give you the five iPhone applications now included with the iPod touch .
These applications , previously available only on the iPhone , are : Maps , Mail , Stocks , Weather and Notes .
Obtaining these applications requires a separate $ 20 purchase .
You make the purchase via the iTunes Store on your Mac ( you should be prompted to do this after connecting your iPod touch to iTunes ) .
After completing the purchase , you should see the following screen , which includes instructions on how to install the just - purchased software :
When you are all done , check the iPod touch ’s Summary tab in iTunes .
The Software Version listing should read : “ 1.1.3 ( with Software Upgrade ) . ”
If all you see is “ 1.1.3 , ” the installation failed .
If this happens , first confirm that you successfully purchased the update .
To do so , go to your account in the iTunes Store and click the Purchase History button .
It should list a purchase for “ iPod touch January Software Upgrade . ”
If not , restart the entire process and attempt to purchase the upgrade again .
I had this problem and it all worked fine on my second try .
If the purchase is listed , and if you have enabled the “ Manually manage … ” option in iTunes : disable the option , resync your iPod touch and ( if desired ) turn the option back on again .
This will likely modify the media content on your iPod touch ( you can deal with that later ) , but it should get the new applications to appear .
If even that fails , you will need to restore your iPod touch .
See this Apple article for more assistance .
Speaking of restoring your iPod touch , another Apple article suggests that it is now okay to restore an iPhone backup to your iPod touch .
Previously , Apple recommended against doing this .
But Apple now states that potential problems with a cross - device restore are “ prevented ” by updating to iPod touch Software 1.1.3 .
Hacking iPhone ( and iPod touch ) 1.1.3 — Many iPhone and iPod touch users have discovered the joy of hacking ( “ jailbreaking ” ) their devices .
Doing so opens the door to installing a wide variety of third - party stand - alone applications , from games to utilities to productivity software .
Apple has never supported doing this and has , in fact , actively attempted to thwart such hacking .
However , Apple is releasing a software development kit ( SDK ) in February 2008 that will , for the first time , permit the Apple - supported installation of third - party applications on iPhones and iPod touches .
For those who can’t wait , or who worry that Apple ’s method will restrict what can be installed , there remains an interest in hacking the iPhone and iPod touch .
Hackers have already figured out how to jailbreak the 1.1.3 update .
However , at least as of today , a successful jailbreak : ( 1 ) requires downgrading the 1.1.3 firmware ; ( 2 ) will likely not work on new iPhones that ship with 1.1.3 ; and ( 3 ) involves a fairly complicated procedure that is not guaranteed to work and may even disable some iPhone features along the way .
At this point , given all these risks and hassles , the general advice is to wait for Apple ’s SDK to come out and reassess whether or not a separate hacking method is even needed .
For those who are currently using a hacked iPhone with an older version of the software , and wish to continue to do so , my advice is to not update to 1.1.3 .
Under the Hood — Prior to the 1.1.3 update , iPhone applications ran via the root user ( located in the / var / root directory ) .
While this can be considered a security risk , it is a minimal one as long as Apple maintains total control over what applications are available on an iPhone ( as it currently does for non-hacked iPhones ) .
In preparation for the coming SDK , which allows the installation of third - party software , applications on iPhones and iPod touches with 1.1.3 installed are now run as a less - privileged “ mobile ” user ( with preferences stored in the / var / mobile directory ) .
Some additional minor under - the - hood changes , all similarly designed in preparation for the SDK , have also been implemented in the 1.1.3 upgrade .
As to how third - party applications will actually be installed on forthcoming iPhones and iPod touches , I suspect Apple will use iTunes , similar to the way the iPhone applications are added to an iPod touch .
It remains to be seen if Apple will also permit the current method of using the AppTapp Installer utility , which does not give Apple control over what can or cannot be installed .
[ Thanks to books like “ Sad Macs , Bombs & Other Disasters , ” innumerable magazine articles , and the founding of MacFixIt , Ted Landau has become the undisputed guru of Macintosh troubleshooting .
He is also a professor emeritus of psychology and in 1984 was the U.S. National Othello Champion .
His most recent book is “ Take Control of Your iPhone . ” ]
China and Australia ( TGW ) – Both China and Australia have announced bans on plastic bags this week , in some form or another .
China has banned ultra thin plastic bags and all free plastic bags starting in June , while Australian Environment Minister Peter Garrett said the government there wants to phase out free plastic bags by the end of 2008 .
" There are some 4 billion of these plastic bags floating around the place , getting into landfills , ending up affecting our wildlife , and showing up on our beaches while we are on holidays , " Garret said .
" Our country consumes huge amounts of plastic bags every year .
While providing convenience to consumers , they have also caused serious pollution , and waste of energy and resources , because of excessive use and inadequate recycling , " the Chinese government said .
Chinese people use up to 3 billion plastic bags a day and the country has to refine 37 million barrels every year to make the bags .
Via :: Reuters :: BBC
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Almost 1.5 million BBC
Micro machines were eventually sold
Steve Furber , of the University of Manchester , was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) .
He was honoured for services to computer science , which included work as a designer at the UK computer firm Acorn , the makers of the BBC machine .
The scientist also helped design the ARM processor , a type of chip that dominates mobile electronics .
" I 've been fortunate to be in the right place at the right time to do something interesting and have also been surrounded by very good people , " he told BBC News .
" [ The CBE ] came completely out of the blue , but obviously I 'm delighted . "
' Unexpected success '
Professor Furber originally trained as a mathematician and went on to complete a PhD in aerodynamics at the University of Cambridge .
It strikes me that computer science is still a very exciting place to be
Steve Furber
Whilst studying in the late 70s he became involved with the Cambridge University Processor Group , a club for computer hobbyists .
" There was a gang of us who used to order integrated circuits and microprocessors from the very small number of shops that sold them , " he said .
" We got these bits and started building machines . "
During this time he was approached by Herman Hauser , co-founder of Acorn .
One of his first major projects was designing the unexpectedly successful BBC Micro , a machine designed to accompany a computer literacy programme set up by the Corporation .
" When the BBC first came talking about the contract their estimate was that maybe 12,000 would be sold , " explained Professor Furber .
Ultimately , 1.5 million of the beige machines were sold .
Mobile power
But the success of the BBC Micro pales alongside the success of another product co-designed by Professor Furber .
ARM chips are inside mobile gadgets such as the iPhone
" The success story of the ARM is one that has built slowly but steadily , " he said .
The first ARM chips came off the production line on the 26 April 1985 .
" It was 10 years before it really started to emerge as a global success story and probably 15 years before it was recognised as such , " he said .
ARM processors have become popular for portable electronics because of their efficient use of power .
Today , they are found in everything from MP3 players to calculators and mobile phones .
About 10 million of the chips are sold every day .
' Brain box '
Professor Furber is currently building a new type of computer using the popular processors .
The Spinnaker project aims to mimic the complex interactions in the human brain .
The machine , nicknamed the " brain box " , is designed to eventually contain one million ARM processors .
" We are using ARMs like we were using transistors 20 years ago , " he said .
Although the finished machine will pack a huge amount of processing power , it will still only model around 1 % of the human brain , or around one billion neurons .
However , Professor Furber has high hopes for the machine .
" A significant breakthrough in understanding the brain would be a result , but a significant breakthrough in finding a new computational model for more conventional computing would also be a good result , " he said .
In addition , he hopes that projects such as Spinnaker will inspire the next generation of computer science graduates .
" People think that the computing story is all played out , " he said .
" But the changes that we have seen over the last 30 years are small compared to what we will see in the next 30 - it strikes me that computer science is still a very exciting place to be . "
The Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve
Beginning with the South Carolina debate , and continuing as an applause line in many stump speeches thereafter , Hillary Clinton has accused Barack Obama of representing an inner-city slum lord while practicing law in Chicago .
Of all people , Sen. Clinton should know better .
During the Whitewater investigation , Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr investigated the legal work performed by Mrs. Clinton , then a partner in the Rose law firm , on behalf of Jim McDougal and his bank , Madison Guaranty .
Mr. Starr believed that Mrs. Clinton ...
The XO laptops are being trialled worldwide
It has not committed to offering XP on the XO laptop but hopes to release the operating system in the first half of 2008 if the trials succeed .
The work , undertaken as part of the firm 's plans to widen access to technology , forms part of a project to run Windows on flash - based machines .
The XO does not have a hard drive , and uses a lightweight flash drive instead .
Microsoft's James Utzschneider , writing on his blog , said : " We are hard at work on the project here .
" Between Microsoft employees and third party contractors that we have brought into the effort , we have over 40 engineers working full - time on the port . "
The XO is the work of the One Laptop Per Child project to boost access to technology in the developing world by building a low - cost laptop designed for educational uses .
It has been pioneered by a not - for - profit group led by Nicholas Negroponte , the founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Media Lab .
The group has taken its first orders , with 10,000 bought by Uruguay and 40,000 by Peru , with an option for a further 210,000 .
The availability of Windows on the XO could boost take - up of the machine .
There have been reports that some countries have been cautious about signing - up to the project because it does not run Windows , the world 's most popular operating system .
The XO laptop runs Linux , an open source operating system which costs nothing for schools around the world to use .
If schools and governments wanted to use XP on an XO machine , they would have to buy a license .
For Microsoft the challenge in porting XP to the XO machine has been in re-writing many drivers for the operating system that control functions like the laptop 's webcam and wireless connections .
The engineers have also had to work to fit the operating system into a much smaller amount of storage .
Microsoft asked the XO project to add a slot for an internal SD memory card to boost the storage to 2GB in order to run XP .
The complication for Microsoft is that the XO has a custom SD interface , rather than a standard one used by most computers .
" The potential payoff for students and schools from this work , of course , is that the tens of thousands of existing educational applications written for Windows can potentially run on the XO , " said Mr Utzschneider .
Microsoft is currently looking into the process of installing XP onto the machines at the point they are manufactured in the factory and remotely , if needed .
Mr Utzschneider added : " Microsoft plans to publish some formal design guidelines early next year that will help Flash PC manufacturers benefit from our early work so they can design machines that enable a great Windows experience at as low a cost as possible . "
The Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) has selected 10 of the most unusual and threatened amphibians , like this Malagasy rainbow frog , to launch its EDGE programme .
This highly decorated frog inflates itself when under threat , and can climb vertical rock surfaces .
I ’m sure that most of us in our programming careers have seen something like this …
public static int GetNextSize ( int i ) { // multiply it by four and make sure it is positive return i > 0 ? i << 2 : ~( i << 2 ) + 1 ; }
Was n’t it nice that they at least commented the line ?
Ha .
Well , maybe you have not seen something exactly like that , but I ’m sure that you have seen something equally as asinine .
And I ’m also sure that when you saw this the first thing that went through your head was " why would anyone ever write something like this ? "
And surprisingly , the answer is that they did it because they are a programmer .
Well , a programmer who is not in control of their urges . 🙂
Most programmers love to be clever .
In fact , we probably got into programming because we loved being clever .
We loved writing small , streamlined code that ran faster than anyone thought it could and at the same time confounded all those who read it .
The problem is that the programming world is quickly changing and one of my favorite quotes of all time no longer applies :
" Real programmers do n’t write comments – it was hard to write , it should be hard to understand . "
Now , obviously that never applied and I hope you realized that , but a fundamental shift started happening years ago that has really solidified now .
The shift is that the complexity in software has moved from the smaller parts of the applications to the design of the application as a whole , and so the top priority for almost all code should be in how easy it is to read and write , because the systems that they are involved in have become so much more complex .
As applications get larger and more complex , we rarely have to worry about how fast we can read a file in , but we think long and hard about how to make the format of that file easy to parse and flexible .
In fact , I remember when XML first came out and there were a good number of people that were predicting its downfall because it was so verbose , but that was actually its strongest selling point .
There have been several " Binary " XML specs , but not surprisingly none of them have caught on because they take away the one thing that made XML so attractive , its readability and parseability .
The thing that most of those people did n’t understand was that bandwidth would get cheaper , computers would get cheaper and faster , but people ’s time will always get more expensive .
The more simple and easier to work with ( while still being flexible ) a standard is , the more likely that it will be adopted .
This has held true for HTML , XML , and sometime in the future it may even hold true for REST web services .
But as programmers these same rules apply , no longer do we get any credit for writing a routine that parses a file 5 percent faster , especially not if it makes the code harder to read , longer to write , longer to debug , or harder to test .
No longer does a programmer get respect for using pointer arithmetic and bit - shifting in order to speed up math operations .
These kind of optimizations ( for the most part ) are just pointless exercises that are often written for nothing more than the programmer ’s ego .
( And before you guys start ranting about graphics programming or physics modeling , yes , I do realize that there are places in the world for code like this )
But that does remind me of one of my favorite quotes from " Code Complete " by Steve McConnell :
" Programming is not like being in the CIA , you do n’t get credit for being sneaky . "
( It took me a little bit to find that , my copy of " Code Complete " has more highlights than Paris Hilton ’s hair )
So , if we do n’t get credit for writing clever code anymore , then what do we get credit for ?
Well , we get credit for making our code simple and easy to understand .
We get credit for loose coupling , for testability , for shallow hierarchies , for good exception handling , for fluid interfaces , for not giving our co-workers headaches , essentially for all around good design .
We get credit for being good software engineers , not being winners of the International Obfuscated C Code Contest ( although you will get a certain kind of credit for that , but you get my point ) .
Now hopefully anyone in their right mind would have written the method at the beginning of this post like this …
public static int GetNextSize ( int i ) { return Math .
Abs ( i * 4 ) ; }
Without caring one bit about performance ( of which I honestly do n’t know or care what the implications are at this point ) I can say with 100 % confidence that this code is better .
And why ?
Because I can immediately look at it and tell what it is doing .
Even without the comment it is more readable than the code at the top that has the comment , and that is what we want , self - documenting code .
Because as the Pragmatic Programmers pointed out , you do n’t want to have to comment on what the code is actually doing , you only want to comment on the assumptions that were made in order to write the code .
Information that cannot be derived just by reading the code itself .
The only problem is that the more complex our code gets , the more and more we need comments just to explain what the code is doing .
And do n’t think that I am saying that there is no place for optimization , that is not true , there is just less room for optimization in the source itself , but there is lots of room for optimizations in terms of overall system performance and in terms of developer productivity .
It is more important to focus on the big picture and solve performance problems that are system wide , or refactor code so that changes can be made much faster , than it is to solve a performance problem in a single line of code…unless of course that line of code is being called 8 million times by 50 parts of the system .
So next time you go to write a super clever line of code , think to yourself " Will the benefits of this super cleverness be outweighed by the future issues in maintaining and understanding the code ? "
And if there is any hesitation at all , then you better not be clever , because 3 months from now you will come across that code and say " What the hell was I thinking ? "
Then you ’ll end up rewriting it anyway .
And one final note , if you are the kind of person who just has to write super clever looking code that no one can make sense out of , then they have a language for you , it is called Perl . 🙂 ( let the flames begin )
