Howard Dean reiterates what he said in an earlier interview today -- Howard Dean : " Kill the Senate Bill " :
In a blow to the bill grinding through the Senate , Howard Dean bluntly called for the bill to be killed in a pre-recorded interview set to air later this afternoon , denouncing it as “ the collapse of health care reform in the United States Senate , ” the reporter who conducted the interview tells me .
Dean said the removal of the Medicare buy - in made the bill not worth supporting , and urged Dem leaders to start over with the process of reconciliation in the interview , which is set to air at 5:50 PM today on Vermont Public Radio , political reporter Bob Kinzel confirms to me .
The gauntlet from Dean — whose voice on health care is well respsected among liberals — will energize those on the left who are mobilizing against the bill , and make it tougher for liberals to embrace the emerging proposal .
In an excerpt Kinzel gave me , Dean says :
Kamui Kobayashi will race on in Formula 1 next year after signing a deal with the Sauber team for 2010 .
The Japanese made a strong impression during two outings for Toyota in the Brazilian and Abu Dhabi Grands Prix this year - earning respect for the way he battled with Jenson Button in both events .
His performances had appeared to have been enough to secure him a ride with the Toyota team for 2010 , but those plans were scuppered when the Japanese manufacturer pulled out of F1 .
However , following weeks of talks , Kobayashi has concluded a deal with Sauber to join the team that is taking over from BMW 's operations .
Speaking about the move , Kobayashi said : " Ever since the start of my career I have dreamed of racing in Formula 1 .
Now this dream has come true .
" I am very happy that my two races in 2009 have earned me a cockpit place .
I will do my very best for Peter Sauber 's team and I am proud to be able to carry on flying the Japanese flag in Formula 1 . "
Sauber boss Peter Sauber said his decision had been fuelled by the fact that Kobayashi made such a strong showing in the last two races of the year - despite not having sat in an F1 car for several months before that .
" I 'm very much looking forward to working together with Kamui , " said Sauber .
" In the final two Grand Prix of last season he was granted an unexpected chance to show his skills , and he made impressive use of it .
" Particularly in the Abu Dhabi race he demonstrated not only that he can drive fast and aggressively , but also his ability to successfully implement a strategy .
I am convinced he has a great deal of potential and will be able to make the most of it in our team . "
Kobayashi revealed after Abu Dhabi that if he did not land a race seat in F1 for next year his lack of funding would probably mean he would have to return home to Japan to work in his father 's sushi restaurant .
Flying in a plane is one of the easiest ways for you to reach your destination however , flying in one of those can become a real hassle at times .
All those things , layovers , waiting with other passengers and dealing with the crew can become too much for one person .
If this is the case , there are other options for you to do like getting charter jet services Newport .
Chartering a jet service is like owning your own plane and paying for a small amount of its full price .
The control will be on your terms when it comes to the jet amenities .
Most of the things that will happen for you will be on your terms .
So , that is a lot more fun to do than dealing with a lot of other people around .
However , if you ca n’t afford to charter your jet now , do not worry you can always , book a ticket to your favored airline for now until you can find a great deal for chartering jets .
Just keep on searching you will get there soon .
1. CHOOSE YOUR SEAT
If you can get the best seat possible in the plane , it would be nice if you could pick it out .
You could pick out the best seat possible for you and just have fun with it too .
Know your preferences and do what is right for you this way you are able to do the greatest thing for you at all times .
Aisle seats are the best especially for a long flight since you can go for a walk when you need it quite easily .
2. BRING SOMETHING TO DO
You should prepare the things that you needed if you need to make a long flight .
This could come in a form of a book , a good playlist , or anything that you can pass your time with .
This is an important thing that you have to do since this will help you in the long run .
3. MAKE A SCHEDULE
You should know how long you would be flying and what you should do to go at it .
What you should do to make sure that you are not bored and that you are well rested when you land .
This is a great way for you to create your own time and make sure that you get the most out of your trips .
4. WEAR COMFORTABLE CLOTHING
You should remember that you are going to be on the plane for a long while and if you do n’t have any layovers you should make sure to wear comfortable clothing .
There is nothing more tiring than putting yourself in clothes that will not make you happy at all .
You do n’t want to suffer through while you ’re in flight .
When you are flying off to somewhere you should consider a lot of things since this will help you in the long run .
It is something that you should do so that you get the most out of the things that you have to go through .
Entering it 's fifth year in 2012 , our Christmas shows are becoming an institution .
Curator Robin
Ince explains the origins of our yuletide rationalist romp , and past performers Ricky Gervais , Simon Singh , Richard Herring , Natalie Haynes and Ben Goldacre with some seasonally inappropriate winterval witterings
This article ran as a preview to the original shows in 2008 .
In 2012 the show 's had their 5 - year anniversary .
Follow us on Twitter ( or read our blog ) to stay up with plans for 2013
ROBIN INCE
Comedian and organiser of the Nine Lessons shows
None of this would have been possible but for Stephen Green of Christian Voice .
Because I ’m a non-believer , I get asked on to radio or TV shows to be the angry , snaggle - toothed atheist .
Last year I was invited on a show to talk about whether Britain was becoming more secular , but by the time I arrived it had changed to “ Who ’s taking the Christ out of Christmas ? ” I got increasingly furious as Nick Ferrari and Vanessa Feltz passed off half - truths – and full - blown lies – about the way councils up and down the country were abandoning Christmas .
I said , “ Actually I think Christmas is good , it ’s nice to have some time for reflection , ” and Stephen Green , who was in the audience , sat there saying , “ I do n’t think he does like Christmas , I do n’t think he is happy with there being Christmas . ”
So that was why I decided I would get together a 20 - piece orchestra and a choir , and assorted atheist and agnostic comedians like Ricky Gervais and Phill Jupitus , and some scientists like Ben Goldacre , Simon Singh and Richard Dawkins .
Already people are annoyed , saying , “ Oh , typical , you ’re just having a go at Christians . ”
Well we ’re not .
When we say we ’re having a Godless celebration , that means no god at all , from any religion .
Not one .
It ’s not about having a go at religion – it ’s going to be a proper celebration ; of the Big Bang , of evolution theory and of comedy .
We will be visited by spirits , of course , through the help of a medium .
The spirit will be the late great science broadcaster Carl Sagan , and the medium will be a DVD player .
RICKY GERVAIS
Comedian , actor and writer
Fact is stranger than fiction .
Well , it ’s more interesting .
Because it ’s true .
Nothing is stranger than the belief that an omnipotent , all - powerful being created the universe 5,000 years ago , and keeps an eye on everything but only gets involved in “ mysterious ways ” .
That ’s strange , granted .
Unfortunately it ’s not interesting because it ’s bollocks .
It ’s fucking mental , to be honest .
What ’s strange and true is that there is a parasite that changes its stickleback host ’s behaviour so the fish no longer flees a heron ’s shadow , gets eaten and the parasite can complete its life cycle in a warm - blooded animal .
Or that if you were to count , at a rate of one thing per second , everything that happened in your brain in just one second , it would take you 32 million years .
That ’s strange .
And amazing .
And beautiful .
And true .
And it all happened by accident .
Or in mysterious ways , if you like .
PHILL JUPITUS
Comedian , DJ and performance poet
“ Science night , Non-holy night … ”
If only this was what we sang at the end of each calendar year .
The fact that knowledge has evolved bit by bit over the years is somehow reassuring .
The nature of the human mind is to question .
And that is why I think we should be reminded of humanity ’s great questions once a year in a festival that should be called “ Quizmas ” , or “ ? mas ” as we ’d write on our cards .
SIMON SINGH
Science broadcaster and writer
It is worth contemplating that the atoms in our body were not forged in the furnace of the Big Bang , but were created within collapsing stars .
The temperatures and pressures within dying stars triggered the nuclear reactions that cooked the simple hydrogen and helium into more complex atoms .
In the final explosion , as the nuclear fusion reached its climax , these atoms were thrown across the universe and eventually became the iron in our blood and the calcium in our bones .
In other words , we are literally stardust .
Or , for the less romantically inclined , we are merely nuclear waste .
MARTIN WHITE
Musician , member of The Mystery Fax Machine Orchestra
Christmas is , as we all know , named after Father Christmas and is thus founded on a childish falsehood .
I celebrate the far more rational Xmas instead .
But I will spend Xmas furious , as usual , at Hollywood ’s disrespectful treatment of its historical figurehead : Father X .
What could be more damningly anti-Xmas than Patrick Stewart ’s portrayal of a helpless bald paraplegic in the reprehensibly ill - researched film X - men ?
Lazily capitalising on the success of his role as the leprosy - riddled Professor Christ in the Christ - Men movie franchise .
RICHARD HERRING
Comedian and writer
This Christmas I shall be celebrating the achievements of scientists .
Because while religious books tell us of the miraculous things superbeings supposedly did hundreds of years ago , the miracles of science are all around us to see with our own eyes .
Science has wiped out the diseases that Jesus cured in the occasional individual ; science has made it possible for me to fly around the world , which not even the most arduous of praying could achieve ; science has discovered DNA , enabling us to understand the complexities of evolution .
I think I ’d rather put my faith in scientists than in a man who died 2,000 years ago coming back to life and sorting it all out through magic .
PHIL JEAYS
Singer - songwriter
I shall be celebrating Thomas Edison , for his discovery of how to record sound , so that now , 30 years after his death , I can still enjoy the genius of Jacques Brel .
Even though it now turns out that maybe the first person to record sound was in fact Edouard - Leon Scott de Martinville , but everyone forgot him because his name is harder to remember .
NATALIE HAYNES
Comedian and writer
This Christmas , I shall be thinking about girls , because the current generation of teenagers will be the first women not to face the prospect of cervical cancer .
Unless their parents are such vicious bigots that they would choose to see their daughters die young as a twisted punishment for adolescent promiscuity , they ’ll be inoculated against HPV , the virus that causes 70 per cent of cervical cancers .
So hooray for them – I ’ll be raising my glass to their healthy futures , and hoping that other cancer vaccinations follow quickly .
CHRISTINA MARTIN
Comedian and writer
Someone recently asked me if being an atheist was a joyless experience .
As though one cannot hope to enjoy the universe and all its myriad contents , colours , shapes and possibilities without believing it was thrown together in a week by a magic superbeing .
Anyway , is it not far more joyless to slavishly attend church to avoid Hell , or cover yourself head to foot in a burkha ?
I like the idea that I live in a world that has been millions of years in the making , and that will exist millions of years after I ’m gone .
I only get to be a momentary part of it but this does n’t make me feel so small and insignificant that I reach for a made - up meaning .
It makes me grateful for the short window of life I ’ve been granted and pushes me to make the most of every moment .
DARREN HAYMAN
Singer and songwriter
This Christmas I will enjoy thinking about “ chance ” or , perhaps more accurately , probability .
I was in a random restaurant with friends the other week and as we mentioned another mutual friend , he walked through the door .
Everybody gasped at the wondrous coincidence , but chance is a deceptive beast .
What about all the other times I mentioned my friend and he did n’t walk through the door ?
For 24 hours a day , seven days a week , nothing particularly coincidental or spooky happens at all .
Life is n’t stranger than fiction , it ’s much , much duller .
This comforts me because it means it ’s up to me to make life interesting and I can do far better than a chance meeting in a curry house .
GAVIN OSBORN
Musician
I never liked science class at all .
But , then , you never got to play with a bunsen burner in RE .
I ’ve never wanted to know how magic tricks are done , so part of me probably always yearned to believe in something more than our puny selves .
But on a practical level , I do enjoy the way bicarbonate of soda makes pigeons explode .
And the way a Mentos mint expedites the release of carbon dioxide when dropped into a bottle of Fanta .
So I ’m unsure .
So what ?
Galileo was a devout Roman Catholic .
BEN GOLDACRE
Doctor and science writer
This Christmas I ’m going to be thinking about what a magical and amazing place the world can be without any recourse to nonsense ; that people can get pain relief simply from taking a sugar pill , or a salt - water injection ; that we can have an almost psychic sense that a friend is in trouble , from barely perceptible unconscious social cues ; that improbable things really do happen ; and people really can meet , and fall in love , with a depth so great that it feels as if it was always meant to be .
These are all things to be celebrated , because even if there is no destiny and no magic , the effects are still the same .
When President Barack Obama laid out his plan for winning the war in Afghanistan , behind him stood an army of ghosts : Greeks , Mongols , Buddhists , British , and Russians , all whom had almost the same illusions as the current resident of the Oval Office about Central Asia .
The first four armies are dust .
But there are Russian survivors of the 1979 - 89 war that ended up killing 15,000 Soviets and hundreds of thousands of Afghans as well as virtually wrecking Moscow ’s economy .
One is retired Gen. Igor Rodionov , commander of the Soviet ’s 120,000 - man 40th Army that fought for 10 years to defeat the Afghan insurgents .
In a recent interview with Charles Clover of the Financial Times , he made an observation that exactly sums up the president ’s deeply flawed strategy : “ Everything has already been tried . ”
Three Flawed Goals
The president laid out three “ goals ” for his escalation :
One , to militarily defeat al - Qaeda and neutralize the Taliban ; two , to train the Afghan Army to take over the task of the war ; and three , to partner with Pakistan against a “ common enemy . ”
The purpose of surging 30,000 troops into Afghanistan , the president said , is to protect the “ vital national interests ” of the United States .
But each goal bears no resemblance to the reality on the ground in either Afghanistan or Pakistan .
Rather than protecting U.S. interests , the escalation will almost certainly undermine them .
The military aspect of the surge simply makes no sense .
According to U.S. National Security Adviser James Jones , al - Qaeda has fewer than 100 operatives in Afghanistan , so “ defeating ” it means trying to find a few needles in a 250,000 square - mile haystack .
As for the Taliban , Gen . Rodionov has a good deal of experience with how fighting them is likely to turn out : “ The war , all 10 years of it , went in circles .
We would come and they [ the insurgents ] would leave .
Then we would leave , and they would return . ”
The McClatchy newspapers reported this past July that the Taliban had successfully evaded last summer ’s surge of U.S. Marines into Helmand province by moving to attack German and Italian troops in the northern part of the country .
Does the White House think that the insurgents will forget the lessons they learned over the last 30 years ?
Growing the Afghan Army ?
Another major goal of the escalation is to increase the size of the Afghan army from around 90,000 to 240,000 .
The illusions behind this task are myriad , but one of the major obstacles is that the Afghan army is currently controlled by the Tajik minority , who make up about 25 percent of the population but constitute 41 percent of the trained troops .
More than that , according to the Italian scholar Antonio Giustozzi , Tajiks command 70 percent of the Army ’s battalions .
Pashtuns , who make up 42 percent of Afghanistan , have been frozen out of the Army ’s top leadership and , in provinces like Zabul where they make up the majority , there are virtually no Pashtuns in the army .
The Tajiks speak Dari , the Pashtuns , Pashto .
Yet Tajik troops have been widely deployed in Pashtun areas .
According to Chris Mason , a member of the Afghanistan inter-agency Operations Group from 2003 to 2005 , Tajik control of the army makes ethnic strife almost inevitable .
“ I believe the elements of a civil war are in play , ” says Mason .
Matthew Hoh , who recently resigned as the chief U.S. civil officer in Zabul province , warns that tension between Pashtuns and the Tajik - led alliance that dominates the Karzai government , is “ already bad now , ” and unless the Obama administration figures out how to solve it , “ we could see a return to the civil war of the 1990s . ”
It was the bitter civil war between the Tajik - based Northern Alliance and the Pashtun - based Taliban that savaged Kabul and led to the eventual triumph of the Taliban .
Obama ’s escalation will target the Pashtun provinces of Helmand and Kandahar .
The Soviets followed a similar strategy and ended up stirring up a hornet ’s nest that led to the creation of the Taliban .
U.S. troops will soon discover the meaning of the old Pashtun axiom : “ Me against my brothers ; me and my brothers against our cousins ; me , my brothers , and my cousins against everyone . ”
Pashtun Pushback
Afghanistan has never had a centralized government or a large standing army , two of the Obama administration ’s major goals .
Instead it has been ruled by localized extended families , clans , and tribes , what Hoh calls a government of “ valleyism . ”
Attempts to impose the rule of Kabul on the rest of the country have always failed .
“ History has demonstrated that Afghans will resist outside interference , and political authority is most often driven bottom - up by collective local consent rather than top - down through oppressive central control , ” says Lawrence Sellin , a U.S. Army Reserve colonel and veteran of the Afghan and Iraq wars .
“ It is absolutely clear that the path to peace in Afghanistan is through balance of power , not hegemony . ”
Yet a powerful Tajik - controlled army at the beck and call of one of the most corrupt – and isolated – governments in the world has been doing exactly the opposite in the Pashtun areas .
A Pashtun pushback is inevitable .
According to Hoh and Mason , it has already begun .
Partnering With Pakistan
The goal of a U.S. “ partnership ” with Pakistan is predicated on the assumption that both countries have a common “ terrorist ” enemy , but that is based on either willful ignorance or stunningly bad intelligence .
It is true that the Pakistan army is currently fighting the Taliban .
But there are four Talibans in Pakistan , and their policies toward the Islamabad government range from hostile to neutral to friendly .
Pakistan ’s army has locked horns in South Waziristan with the Mehsud Taliban , the Taliban group that was recently driven out of the Swat Valley and that has launched a bombing campaign throughout the Punjab .
But the wing of the North Waziristan Taliban led by Hafiz Gul Bahadur has no quarrel with Islamabad and has kept clear of the fighting .
Another South Waziristan Taliban , based in Wana and led by Mullah Nazir , is not involved in the fighting and considers itself an ally of the Pakistani government .
Washington wants Pakistan to go after the Afghan Taliban , led by Mullah Omar and based in Pakistan .
But Omar has refused to lend any support to the Mehsud Taliban .
“ We are fighting the occupation forces in Afghanistan .
We do not have any policy whatsoever to interfere in the matters of any other country , ” says Taliban spokesperson Qari Yousaf Ahmedi .
“ U.S. and other forces have attacked our land and our war is only against them .
What is happening in Pakistan is none of our business . ”
The charge that the Taliban would allow al - Qaeda to operate from Afghanistan once again is unsupported by anything the followers of Mullah Omar have said .
Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a former U.S. ally against the Soviets and the current leader of the Taliban - allied Hizb - I - Islam insurgent group , told al - Jazeera , “ The Taliban government came to an end in Afghanistan due to the wrong strategy of al - Qaeda , ” reflecting the distance Mullah Omar has tried to put between the Afghan Taliban and Osama bin Laden ’s organization .
The “ other ” forces Ahmed refers to include members of the Indo - Tibetan Border Patrol , an Indian paramilitary group defending New Delhi ’s road - building efforts in southern Afghanistan .
The Pakistanis , who have fought three wars with India – including the 1999 Kargil incident that came very close to a nuclear exchange – are deeply uneasy about growing Indian involvement in Afghanistan and consider the Karzai government too close to New Delhi .
In short , Obama ’s “ partnership ” would have the Pakistanis pick a fight with all four wings of the Taliban , including one that pledges to remove India ’s troops .
President Obama did not explain why the Pakistanis should destabilize their own country , drain their financial reserves , and act contrary to their strategic interests vis -à - vis India .
Escalation ’s Negative Consequences
Will the escalation have an impact on “ vital American interests ? ”
Certainly , but most of the consequences will be negative .
Instead of demonstrating to the international community that the United States is stepping away from the Bush administration ’s use of force , the escalation will do the opposite .
Instead of bringing our allies closer together , the escalation will sharpen tensions between Pakistan and India – the latter strongly supports the surge of U.S. troops – and pressure the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to scrape together yet more troops for a war that is deeply unpopular in Europe .
Instead of controlling “ terrorism , ” the escalation will be the recruiting sergeant for such organizations , particularly in the Middle East , where the administration ’s show of “ resolve ” on Afghanistan is contrasted with its abandonment of any “ resolve ” to resist Israeli settlements in the occupied territories .
And finally , the deployment will cost at least $ 30 billion a year on top of the $ 70 billion the United States is shelling out to support its current force of 81,000 troops .
In the meantime , the administration is too starved for cash to launch a badly needed jobs program at home .
And keep in mind that the president said such a July 2011 withdrawal would be based on “ conditions on the ground , ” a caveat big enough to drive a tank through .
“ More soldiers is simply going to mean more deaths , ” says Gennady Zaitsev , a former commander of an elite Soviet commando unit in Afghanistan .
“ U.S. and British citizens are going to ask , quite rightly , ‘ Why are our sons dying ? ’
And the answer will be ‘ To keep Hamid Karzai in power . ’
I do n’t think that will satisfy them . ”
Looking back at years of blood and defeat , Gen .
Rodionov put his finger on the fundamental flaw in Obama ’s escalation : “ They [ the U.S. and its allies ] have to understand that there is no way for them to succeed militarily . …
It is a political problem which we utterly failed to grasp with our military mindset . ”
That misunderstanding could become the epitaph for a presidency .
Reprinted courtesy of Foreign Policy in Focus .
For those who did n't see it , Sting got Paxman 'd last night while discussing his campaign to stop a dam being built in the Brazilian rainforest .
" You 're not being blamed for the global crisis , you 're just being called a hypocrite , " was the general vibe as the Police man squirmed in his seat .
The interview comes in around the 21 - minute mark …
Topics
From TLP
Boukman ( also Boukmann , Dutty Boukman or Zamba Boukman ) was a leader of the rebellion in its initial stages , he is reputed to have led a vodou ceremony together with the mambo Cecile Fatiman at Bois Caïman on August 22 , 1791 which signaled the start of the rebellion .
1
He had come to Saint - Domingue by way of Jamaica , then to become a maroon in the forest of Morne Rouge .
Giant , powerful , " grotesque - looking man ... with a ' terrible countenance ' , a face like an exaggerated African carving . "
( Parkinson , p. 39 ) Fierce and fearsome , he was an inspiring leader .
While Boukman was not the first to lead a slave rebellion in Saint - Domingue , as he was preceded by others such as Padrejean in 1676 and François Mackandal in 1757 , he delivered the spark that helped to ignite the Haitian Revolution .
" He had been a commandeur ( slave driver ) and later a coachman on the Clément plantation , among the first to go up in flames once the revolt began .
While his experience as commandeur provided him with certain organizational and leadership qualities , the post as coachman no doubt enabled him to follow the ongoing political developments in the colony , as well as to facilitate communication links and establish contacts among the slaves of different plantations .
Reputedly , Boukman was also a Vodou priest and , as such , exercised an undisputed influence and command over his followers , who knew him as " Zamba " Boukman .
His authority was only enhanced by the overpowering impression projected by his gigantic size . "
( Flick p.92 )
" Boukman Dutty ( said to have been called " Book Man " in Jamaica because he could read ) was sold by his British master to a Frenchman ( and his name became " Boukman " in Haiti ) .
A giant with imposing stature , with courage to match , he was a Vodou priest , exercising an undisputed influence and command over his followers , who knew him as " Zamba " Boukman . " ( Espeut )
Note that Geggus doubts Boukman was a houngan , as no reference to this exists before accounts of the Bois Caïman ceremony appear .
( Geggus , p. 89 )
The French publicly displayed Boukman 's head after his execution .
Boukman 's prayer
This prayer , from the ceremony at Bwa Kayiman , has been traditionally been ascribed to Boukman : " The god who created the earth ; who created the sun that gives us light .
The god who holds up the ocean ; who makes the thunder roar .
Our God who has ears to hear .
You who are hidden in the clouds ; who watch us from where you are .
You see all that the white has made us suffer .
The white man 's god asks him to commit crimes .
But the god within us wants to do good .
Our god , who is so good , so just , He orders us to revenge our wrongs .
It 's
He who will direct our arms and bring us the victory .
It 's He who will assist us .
We all should throw away the image of the white men's god who is so pitiless .
Listen to the voice for liberty that sings in all our hearts . "
Boukman 's prayer in Kréyol
Bon Dje ki fè la tè .
Ki fè soley ki klere nou enro .
Bon Dje ki soulve lanmè .
Ki fè gronde loray .
Bon Dje nou ki gen zorey pou tande .
Ou ki kache nan niaj .
Kap gade nou kote ou ye la .
Ou we tout sa blan fè nou sibi .
Dje blan yo mande krim .
Bon Dje ki nan nou an vle byen fè .
Bon Dje nou an ki si bon , ki si jis , li ordone vanjans .
Se li kap kondui branou pou nou ranpote la viktwa .
Se li kap ba nou asistans .
Nou tout fet pou nou jete potre dje Blan yo ki swaf dlo lan zye .
Koute vwa la libète kap chante lan kè nou .
Note 1 : Other participants at the Bois Caïman ceremony were Georges Biassou , Jeannot Bullet and Jean François Papillon , all of which were leaders of the early Haitian Revolution .
See also
References
Geggus , David Patrick ( 2002 ) .
Haitian Revolutionary Studies ( Blacks in the Diaspora ) .
Bloomington , IN : Indiana University Press .
ISBN 0-253-34104-3 .
Bloomington , IN : Indiana University Press .
ISBN 0-253-34104-3. Parkinson , Wenda ( 1978 ) .
This Gilded African .
London : Quartet Books .
ISBN 0-7043-2187-4
. London : Quartet Books .
ISBN 0-7043-2187 - 4 Espeut , Peter ( Dec. 31 , 2003 ) .
Two hundred years later .
Jamaica Gleaner .
. . Fick , Carolyn E. ( 1990 ) .
The Making of Haiti : The Saint Domingue Revolution from Below .
Knoxville : The University of Tennessee Press .
ISBN 0-87049-667-0 .
External link
Jesse Ventura is back .
The former pro wrestler , who served as Minnesota governor from 1999 to 2003 , is the host of “ Conspiracy Theory , ” an investigative series that premieres tonight on truTV .
Q On “ Conspiracy Theory , ” you investigate secret societies and alleged government cover-ups .
Such theories are everywhere , but really , what big conspiracy has ever been proven ?
A How can you prove it ?
That ’s the point .
The better part would be to ask , “ How many of the government ’s points have ever been proven ? ” I find what ’s most interesting about doing this show is how the government will not participate or allow you in or answer any questions .
We ’re not allowed to question our government .
Q But you ’re allowed to have this program , which is more than could be said about many countries .
A We ’re not on the air yet , are we ?
I never believe anything in the world of entertainment until it actually happens and the check clears the bank .
I ’ve had a gentleman ’s bet with my crew that these shows would never air .
Originally , the show was going to show both sides of the conspiracy .
But the show then evolved while we were doing it , because it ’s very difficult to show both sides when one side wo n’t cooperate at all .
Q Then how can you be sure the side that does cooperate is n’t just a bunch of crackpots ?
A I ’m not sure .
But how can I be sure the government ’s not ?
Q One of the alleged cover-ups you investigate involves 9/11 .
Do you believe the terrorist attacks were an inside job ?
A I believe that the government has not been truthful with us about it .
Yes , absolutely .
That there ’s massive holes in the story they ’ve told .
That none of these questions have ever been adequately addressed .
Q Saying you have doubts is different than saying you think it was an inside job .
A You ca n’t prove anything .
All evidence has been destroyed , pretty much .
Q Why would the government want to do such things ?
A Well , what changed after 9/11 ?
We ’re in two wars , passage of Patriot Act and all that .
Our entire society changed that day .
We ’ve become paranoid .
We think there ’s a terrorist behind every tree .
I live in Mexico half the year .
And when I ’m down there , for six months , I never hear the word “ terrorism . ”
When I ’m up here , I ca n’t go a day without hearing it .
Q On another episode , you investigate the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program ( HAARP ) , an Alaska facility that bombards the ionosphere with high - frequency signals .
Conspiracy theorists say HAARP is used for nefarious purposes , like weather control .
You go to HAARP and ca n’t get in , yet the facility offers open houses to the public .
How secretive could they be ?
A Every other year , they invite people in for coffee and doughnuts .
If that ’s all it is , an unclassified research project , then why would n’t I be allowed in ?
It gets its funding from DARPA ( Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) , the most secret part of the Pentagon .
That does n’t raise concern with you ?
Q It does n’t seem like in that episode you really got to the bottom of anything .
A How can you get to the bottom with a one - hour TV show and the limited resources I have ?
Hey , I ’m doing a lot better than you guys are !
How ’s that for you ?
Q You do n’t think journalists investigate anything ?
A Not much .
They investigate the death of Anna Nicole Smith , which I wo n’t be covering .
Q This is not your first venture into TV hosting since leaving the governorship .
What happened to “ Jesse Ventura ’s America , ” which ran briefly on MSNBC in 2003 ?
A It was awful .
I was basically silenced .
When I came out of office , I was the hottest commodity out there .
There was a bidding war between CNN , Fox and MSNBC to get my services .
MSNBC ultimately won .
I was being groomed for a five - day - a - week TV show by them .
Then , all of a sudden , weird phone calls started happening : “ Is it true Jesse does n’t support the war in Iraq ? ”
My contract said I could n’t do any other cable TV or any news shows , and they honored and paid it for the duration of it .
So , in essence , I had my silence purchased .
Why do you think you did n’t hear from me for three years ?
I was under contract .
They would n’t even use me as a consultant !
When you live in Mexico , your houses all have names .
I almost named my house Casa MSNBC because they bought it .
I was paid like a professional athlete , and I got very wealthy .
For doing nothing .
Q Speaking of Mexico , what ’s a patriotic guy like you doing living there ?
A The weather ’s nicer .
You ever live in Minnesota in the winter ?
Come on up and do it for 30 years in a row and see how you enjoy it .
Q When you were governor , you disliked journalists , whom you dubbed “ media jackals . ”
But being a TV host means a lot more media jackals in your life .
A I do n’t mind it .
I ’m not accountable now for my state , only for myself .
I can live with that a whole lot better .
I do n’t have to muzzle myself when I ’m a civilian .
When you ’re a governor , you kind of have to do it , because you represent the whole state .
You have to leave your personal opinions to yourself a lot .
I learned that .
What : “ Conspiracy Theory ” with Jesse Ventura When : 9 tonight Where : truTV
Did You Know ?
Trivia :
After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow , she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says " Sarah , I do care . " with a body double in the character of Draven , but did not appear in another film until 2009 .
Hi all ,
I monitored the communication between eZ430 - Chronos and Control Center Software ( CC ) and found some information about the protocol .
Firstly CC opens the port corresponding to " TI CC1111 Low - Power RF to USB CDC Serial Port " using the settings 115200,1, N,8 .
I think CC firstly search for COM ports matching some criteria and opens it .
After that it continuously send ping requests in the background even when he reads any acc data in order to know that AP is working and not disconnected .
When you push the button " Start Access Point " it sends a request to let AP know that .
After that it begins polling the AP for valid acc data .
While we are waiting for TI to release some documentation or source code it may be useful for impatient guys .
Packet format :
PC - to - Ap : 2 byte command + 1 byte packet length + n byte packet load
AP - to - PC : 2 byte command + 1 byte packet length + n byte packet load
Some commands :
Background polling
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PC to AP : ff 20 07 00 00 00 00
Response : ff 06 07 xx xx xx xx
xx xx xx xx : 4 byte watch address
Start Access Point :
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PC to AP : ff 07 03
Response : ff 06 03
Command before each Request Acc. data ( functionality not known ) :
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PC to AP : ff 00 04 00
Response : ff 06 04 03
It may be returning the state of the watch or AP
Request Acc. data :
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PC to AP : ff 08 07 00 00 00 00
Response : ff 06 07 tt xx yy zz
tt : data type ( ff : no data , 01 : valid acc data )
xx , yy , zz : acc data
Acc Reading sequence :
1 . Open the port using the settings 115200,1, N,8 .
2. Send background ping requests ( Optional )
packet : ff 20 07 00 00 00 00
3. Send " Start Access Point " command
packet : ff 07 03
4 . Send the acc data request command
packet : ff 08 07 00 00 00 00
5. if you want to get new acc data go to step 4
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans currently tilt against Congress ' passing healthcare legislation , with 49 % saying they would advise their member to vote against a bill ( or they lean that way ) and 44 % saying they would advocate a vote in favor of the bill ( or lean toward advising a yes vote ) .
These results are based on a Nov. 20 - 22 USA Today / Gallup poll , and are essentially unchanged from a poll conducted earlier this month .
Within the last month , the House has passed a version of healthcare legislation , and the Senate voted on Nov. 21 to allow debate on its healthcare bill .
That debate is scheduled to begin Monday .
" Support among all three party groups has declined since the early October high -- falling by 6 points among Democrats , 8 among independents , and 12 among Republicans . "
Since Gallup began tracking Americans ' preferences for healthcare legislation earlier this year , there has never been a strong public mandate in favor of passing a law this year .
The high point in support was 51 % in early October .
But since that time , opinion has shifted from a slightly positive position to a slightly negative one .
However , opinion on the issue is far from settled .
When initially asked about their preferred course of action on healthcare legislation , 22 % of Americans say they do not yet have an opinion on the matter ( although 15 % subsequently provide an opinion when asked if they lean one way or the other ) .
The percentage with no opinion on the initial question has fluctuated since August , but has never been lower than the current 22 % figure .
Because those who initially express no opinion divide fairly evenly between support and opposition when probed for their leaning , the trend on the initial question has been similar to the trend shown at the beginning of the article that combines initial preferences and leanings .
Support for Healthcare Legislation by Political Party
Republicans are overwhelmingly opposed to new healthcare legislation -- 86 % would advise their member of Congress to vote against it , while 12 % would want their member to support it .
Democrats , on the other hand , favor it by a 76 % to 17 % margin .
Independents oppose passage of a bill by 53 % to 37 % .
Support among all three party groups has declined since the early October high -- falling by 6 points among Democrats , 8 among independents , and 12 among Republicans .
However , Democratic support recovered somewhat from early November ( 71 % ) to late November ( 76 % ) .
Obama Gets Poor Marks on Healthcare
The poll also finds 40 % of Americans approving of President Obama 's handling of healthcare policy , while 53 % disapprove .
This is slightly more negative than what Gallup found from July through September , and represents his worst review to date on this issue .
Seventy - four percent of Democrats approve of Obama 's handling of the issue , but this is below the better - than 80 % of Democrats who approve of the job Obama is doing as president overall .
Republicans are nearly unanimous in their views of Obama 's work on healthcare , with 89 % disapproving and 6 % approving .
Independents are nearly twice as likely to disapprove ( 58 % ) as to approve ( 33 % ) .
Bottom Line
Despite the considerable efforts of Congress and the president to pass health insurance reform , the public remains reluctant to endorse that goal .
Over the past month , Gallup has found more Americans opposed to than in favor of healthcare legislation , though at least one in five say they have not made up their minds .
Proportionately more independents ( 27 % ) and Democrats ( 24 % ) than Republicans ( 14 % ) are undecided , which at least improves the odds that legislation could wind up getting majority public backing .
But the recent trend has been in the opposite direction , with opposition growing .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,017 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Nov. 20 - 22 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
by Carey Roberts – show me more like this
What do you get when you mix equal parts of gender myth , a casual disregard of Constitutional protections , and old fashioned political pork ?
VAWA – the Violence Against Women Act — that ’s what .
For the past decade , Americans have been subjected to the relentless message , There ’s no excuse for domestic violence against a woman .
OK , but what about Piper Rountree who was convicted six weeks ago for the ambush - slaying of her former husband , University of Richmond professor Frederic Jablin ?
Are cases of female - on - male violence so rare as to be an amusing oddity in the newspaper obituary columns ?
Here ’s the shocker : Women are just as likely as men to commit domestic violence against their intimate partners .
Chances are you ’ve been heard the Urban Legend that follows the predictable line , male = abuser , female = victim .
So I ’m going to repeat my statement , this time with emphasis : Research shows that women are equally likely to commit partner aggression against their boyfriends , husbands , and ex-husbands .
We ’re not talking about a handful of studies .
Over 100 research reports have shown this to be true — you can see for yourself by visiting this website : www.csulb.edu/~mfiebert/assault.htm
Here ’s how attorney Linda Kelly recently put it : “ men and women commit violence at similar rates . ” [ www.law.fsu.edu/journals/lawreview/downloads/304/kelly.pdf]
Psychologist John Archer reached an even stronger conclusion in his article in the Psychological Bulletin : “ Women were slightly more likely than men to use one or more acts of physical aggression . ” [ www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=10989615&dopt=Abstract]
It ’s not a casual toss of a pillow or a playful jab at the chops .
According to Dr. Archer , 38 % of all persons who suffer domestic violence injuries are male .
So why do n’t we read about these cases of female - on - male violence more often in the newspapers ?
Because men are far less likely to report the incident to the police – nine times less likely , according to one landmark study .
[ www.ejfi.org/DV/dv-22.htm#pgfId-1378765]
To understand the DV urban legend , we need to go back to 1991 , when senator Joe Biden of Delaware introduced VAWA for the first time .
[ ww.vawnet.org/SexualViolence/PublicPolicy/VAWA-SVPubPol.pdf ]
But many in Congress were opposed to Biden ’s bill because it ignored key provisions of the United States Constitution .
First , the proposed law flaunted the intent of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteen Amendment .
Knowing that men are equally likely to be victims of domestic violence , how could anyone in good conscience propose a law that would confer greater protections and services , but only for women ?
Second , Biden ’s proposed bill violated the principle of federalism enshrined in the Tenth Amendment , and thus infringed on state sovereignty .
Not surprisingly , Biden ’s bill was soon relegated to the legislative deep - freeze .
That did n’t please the rad -fems .
So someone came up with the idea of a publicity stunt .
In January 1993 , a daring group of women called a press conference in Pasadena , California .
Sheila Kuhn of the California Women ’s Law Center made the statement that would provide the boost the feminists were desperately looking for : Super Bowl Sunday was the “ biggest day of the year for violence against women . ”
That stunning claim quickly appeared on Good Morning America , in the Boston Globe , and elsewhere .
The Oakland Tribune would report the Super Bowl causes men to “ explode like mad linemen , leaving girlfriends , wives , and children beaten . ”
How ’s that for dispassionate news reporting ?
Some remained unconvinced , however , including reporter Ken Ringle of the Washington Post .
In his article “ Debunking the ‘ Day of Dread ’ for Women , ” Ringle showed the feminist claim was a preposterous fraud .
[ www.snopes.com/crime/statistics/superbowl.asp]
But Ringle ’s expose ’ came too late — the genie was out of the bottle .
The Super Bowl Hoax , as it was later dubbed , no doubt will become a classic in the propaganda textbooks .
And it clearly did succeed in triggering a surge of letters and phone calls to Congress .
The following year the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law by President Clinton .
Less than five months from now on September 30 , VAWA is set to expire .
That means the Sisterhood ’s billion - dollar - a - year gravy - train will dry up .
Renewal legislation has not yet been introduced , apparently because the Republican majority has n’t warmed up to the idea of dishing out mega - bucks to the GOP ’s avowed political foes .
As the clock ticks down to September 30 , the rad - fems are beginning to panic .
Armageddon - Day strategy memos are circulating on the Internet .
Decisive action soon will be needed to galvanize public support .
Get ready for a reprise of the Super Bowl Hoax .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Health care reform moved a major step closer to reality Monday when the Senate voted before dawn to overcome a Republican filibuster against a sweeping $ 871 billion health care bill .
The procedural vote virtually ensures the bill 's final approval by the chamber later this week .
It would then be merged with the $ 1 trillion House version in what would be tough negotiations on President Obama 's top domestic priority for 2009 .
A final bill requiring approval from both chambers would not be completed until after Congress returns in January from its holiday break .
Obama hailed the Senate 's overnight vote as an important victory for the American people .
" By standing up to the special interests who prevented reform for decades and who are furiously lobbying against it now , the Senate has moved us closer to reform that makes a tremendous difference for families , for seniors , for businesses , and for the country as a whole , " Obama told reporters at the White House .
iReport.com : Give your thoughts on the Senate health care bill
The influential American Medical Association , a traditional opponent of health care reform , announced Monday it supports the Senate bill .
AMA President - elect Dr. Cecil Wilson joined Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other top Democrats to call for changes that Reid said would help provide health care for " all people , not just those who can afford it . "
The 60 - 40 party line vote -- cast shortly after 1 a.m. -- kept Senate Democrats on track to pass the bill on Christmas Eve .
They needed every vote in their 60 - member caucus for the supermajority in the 100 - member chamber needed to overcome the filibuster , and some senators extracted beneficial provisions for their states before agreeing to support the bill .
Republicans have mounted a fierce campaign against the bill , using procedural tricks to slow debate and casting the measure as an unnecessary government intrusion into health care that will raise costs .
Obama rejected Republican claims that the bill would add to the federal deficit , noting the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reported the Senate plan would reduce the deficit by $ 132 billion over the first 10 years .
If a combined House - Senate health care bill eventually wins final approval from Congress and is signed by Obama , it would be the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid over four decades ago .
Republicans ripped the Democratic majority for passing the measure in the middle of the night and accused Democrats of ramming the bill through despite growing public opposition .
" Make no mistake :
If the people who wrote this bill were proud of it , they would n't be forcing this vote in the dead of night , " argued Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Kentucky .
" Mark my words : this legislation will reshape our nation , " he said .
" And Americans have already issued their verdict .
They do n't want it .
They do n't like this bill , and they do n't like lawmakers playing games with their health care to secure the votes they need to pass it . "
Read Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's take on the health care bill
The unusual timing of the vote was a consequence of Senate rules , the determination of Democrats to pass the bill before adjourning for the holidays , and the GOP 's willingness to use every possible legislative tactic to slow the bill 's progress .
Two more procedural votes this week also will require Democrats to win the backing of 60 members to break a GOP filibuster .
Final passage of the measure , by contrast , will require a simple majority of 51 votes .
To Democrats , Monday 's vote signaled eventual victory on the Senate bill .
" The die is cast .
It 's done , " New York Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer proclaimed .
But compromises made to win the backing of moderate Democrats , such as Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , enraged many liberal Democrats and threatened to undermine support for the bill .
Liberal Democrats are particularly upset with Reid 's decision to abandon a government - run public health insurance option and an expansion of Medicare to Americans as young as age 55 -- ideas strongly opposed by Lieberman and other centrists .
Top Democrats , however , argue that the Senate bill as currently written would still constitute a positive change of historic proportions .
The legislation , according to the Congressional Budget Office , would extend health insurance to more than 30 million Americans currently lacking coverage while reducing the federal deficit .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report
Are the kids demanding the latest murder - and - mayhem video game ?
Do your loved ones have all the neckties / bottles of perfume / sweaters that can be used in a lifetime ?
Tired of celebrating spiritual holidays with crass commercialism ?
If so , then perhaps it ’s time to try a different kind of gift .
After all , nothing says “ happy holidays ” like donating in Aunt Tilda ’s name to build a composting toilet in Haiti or to deworm kids in Kenya .
And a deworming pill will never be regifted !
This time of year I ’m always barraged with inquiries about well - run charitable groups doing effective work .
So let me tell you about some of the organizations that I ’ve encountered that tackle global poverty in innovative ways .
In this column , I ’m putting aside the larger , well - known aid organizations like CARE , Save the Children , Mercy Corps and Heifer International .
They all do fabulous work , but today I want to bring to show - and - tell some organizations laboring in obscurity .
These groups are also a reminder that the gap in savvy , creativity and effectiveness between the business world and the nonprofit sector is narrowing  in some cases vanishing .
A ECOUTER
C'est cette semaine que la juge Xavière Siméoni doit décider si l'ancien Président sera renvoyé devant le tribunal correctional pour des affaires d'emplois fictifs à la Mairie de Paris .
C'est le duel du jour entre Laurent Joffrin ( Libé ) et Sylvie Pierrre - Brossolette ( Le Point ) .
Avec France Info .
After guns and the Iraq war , Michael Moore is now taking on an entire political and economic system in his latest documentary , Capitalism : A Love Story .
So what message does the man who once planned to become a priest have ?
Michael Moore has been accused of many things .
Mendacity .
Manipulation .
Rampant egotism .
Bullying a frail old man with Alzheimer's .
And that is by people who generally agree with his views .
His latest film Capitalism : A Love Story is already out in the US when we meet .
He comes storming down the hotel corridor , predictably unkempt in ragged jeans that have the unusual quality of appearing both too large and too small at the same time .
I was n't sure what to expect .
Arrogance , perhaps .
Cynicism .
But he begins to schmooze while he 's still some distance away , shouting he feels he knows me .
A few months ago one of Moore 's producers interviewed me for the film .
I was cut from the finished version but Moore says he watched my every word .
Settled on a couch I ask why he has n't managed to persuade the downtrodden , uninsured , exploited masses to revolt .
" My films do n't have instant impact because they 're dense with ideas that people have not thought about , " he says .
" It takes a while for the American public to wrap its head around some of the things I 'm saying .
Twenty years ago I told them that General Motors was going to collapse and take a lot of towns down with them .
I was ridiculed , and GM sent around this packet of information about me , my past writings – pinko !
With Bowling for Columbine , I told people that these shootings are going to continue , we 've got too many guns , too easy access to the guns .
[ In Fahrenheit 9/11 ]
I 'm telling people that we 're not going to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , we 've been lied to . "
Capitalism : A Love Story seems the natural culmination of all his others , an overarching look at the insidious control of Wall Street and corporate interests over politics and lives .
Its timing is exquisite , coming in the wake of the biggest financial collapse in living memory .
And once again Moore is bracing himself : as the film drew to a close at its premiere in Los Angeles , he posted a message on Twitter : " The packed house gets up to grab their torches and pitchforks … "
The film is certainly shocking .
Early on , Moore sets out the meaning of " Dead Peasants " insurance .
It turns out that Wal - Mart , a company with a revenue larger than any other in the world , bets on its workers dying , taking out life insurance policies on its 350,000 shop - floor workers without their knowledge or approval .
When one of them dies , Wal - Mart claims on the policy .
Not a cent of the payout , which sometimes runs to a $ 1 m ( £ 620,000 ) or more , goes to the family of the dead worker , often struggling with expensive funeral bills .
Wal - Mart keeps the lot .
If a worker dies , the company profits .
Wal - Mart is not alone .
Moore talks to a woman whose husband died of brain cancer in 2008 .
He worked at a bank until it fired him because he was sick .
But the bank retained a life insurance policy on the unfortunate man and cashed it in for $ 4.7 m ( £ 2.9 m ) when he died .
There were gasps from the audience in a Washington cinema at that .
They came again as Moore focused on the eviction of the foreclosed .
The Hacker family of Peoria filmed themselves being chucked out of their home because of skyrocketing mortgage payments .
Randy
Hacker , gun owner , observes that he can understand why someone might want to shoot up a bank .
In a final twist , the eviction squad offers the Hackers cash to clear out their yard .
The Hackers are Republicans .
So was the widow of the bank worker .
It is the gap , between the ordinary American – Democrat or Republican , middle - class or dirt - poor – and predatory banks and mammoth corporations that Moore has made his target ever since Roger and Me , his first film , set out to expose the damage wreaked by General Motors on his hometown of Flint , Michigan .
" One movie maybe can't make a difference , " Moore says .
" I 'll say , what 's the point of this ?
What do I want [ my audiences ] to do ?
Obviously I want them to be engaged in their democracy .
I want them to get off the bench and become active . "
Last summer something happened that renewed Moore 's conviction that his film - making was politically worthwhile .
" I'm in the edit room and there 's Bill Moyers on the TV interviewing the vice - president of Cigna health insurance .
Massive , billion - dollar company .
He 's sitting there , telling the country that he 's quit his job and he wants to come clean .
That he and the other health insurance companies got together and pooled their resources to smear me and the film Sicko to try and stop people from going to see it because , as he said , everything Michael Moore said in Sicko was true , and we were afraid this film would be a tipping point .
" I came away from that , with ' Wow , they 're afraid of this movie , they believe it can actually create a revolution . '
The idea that cinema can be dangerous is a great idea . "
Moore 's critics would argue this is his ego speaking .
The idea that his film about the failings of the US healthcare system was on the brink of prompting a revolution of any kind looks all the more far - fetched given how the political fight over the issue has panned out .
But if Moore 's primary intention is to send up a warning flare , to alert Americans to what is going on in their country but not usually reported , he 's been pretty successful .
At the end of Capitalism : A Love Story , Moore makes a pronouncement : " Capitalism is an evil , and you can not regulate evil .
You have to eliminate it and replace it with something that is good for all people and that something is democracy . "
Michael Moore once planned to be a priest .
In his youth he was drawn to the Berrigan brothers , a pair of radical priests who pulled anti-Vietnam war stunts such as pouring blood on military service records .
In an instructive moment for Moore , the brothers made clear they were n't just protesting against the war , but against religious organisations that kept silent about it .
These days he disagrees with Catholic orthodoxy exactly where you would expect him to – he supports abortion rights and gay marriage – but he credits his Catholic upbringing with instilling in him a sense of social justice , and an activism tinged with theatre that lives on his films .
But what does it mean , to replace capitalism with democracy ?
He sighs and tries to explain .
In the old Soviet bloc , he says , communism was the political system and socialism the economic .
But with capitalism , he complains , you get political and economic rolled in to one .
Big business buys votes in Congress .
Lobbyists write laws .
The result is that the US political system is awash in capitalist money that has stripped the system of much of its democratic accountability .
" What I 'm asking for is a new economic order , " he says .
" I do n't know how to construct that .
I 'm not an economist .
All I ask is that it have two organising principles .
Number one , that the economy is run democratically .
In other words , the people have a say in how its run , not just the 1 % .
And number two , that it has an ethical and moral core to it .
That nothing is done without considering the ethical nature , no business decision is made without first asking the question , is this for the common good ? "
These days Moore , the son of a Flint car worker , lives in the smalltown surrounds of Traverse City with his wife Kathleen Glynn and stepdaughter Natalie , a four - hour drive and a world away from where he came from .
But Traverse City , which is on Lake Michigan , has endured its own decline .
Walking along the restored foreshore , a sign says that the city was once a major lumber exporter .
Now it is known as the " Cherry Capital " of America .
" When I first got here the theatre was boarded up , " says Moore .
" It was a mess .
I said , look , let me reopen this theatre , I 'll create a non-profit .
It has brought , like , half a million people downtown in the first two years .
If they 're downtown they go out to dinner , they go to the bookstore .
It livens everything up .
Stores open .
Now there 's no plywood on any windows . "
This , says Moore , has made him something of a local hero even in a town that votes Republican .
" The county voted for McCain and for Bush twice .
But not a day goes by when a Republican here does n't stop me on the street and shake my hand and thank me .
Me , the pariah ! "
There are conservatives who get Moore 's message , particularly families such as the Hackers who have been betrayed by the system they thought was working for them .
But identifying their suffering , and even the cause of their problems , is very different from persuading them that capitalism is evil , although they might just buy in to what Moore says is the core message of his latest film – " that Wall Street and the banks are truly the enemy , and we need to tie that beast down and quick " .
His enemies in the rightwing media will be doing everything they can to ensure this does n't happen , portraying him as a propagandist .
And even some of his supporters say he is too willing to leave out inconvenient facts .
But there 's no denying some very powerful truths in Capitalism , one of which is that it did n't need to be this way in America .
Moore has dug out of a South Carolina archive a piece of film buried away 66 years ago because it threatened to rock the foundations of the capitalist system as Americans now know it .
President Franklin D Roosevelt was ailing .
Too ill to make his 1944 state of the nation address to Congress , he instead broadcast it by radio .
But at one point he called in the cameras , and set out his vision of a new America he knew he would not live to see .
Roosevelt proposed a second bill of rights to guarantee every American a job with a living wage , a decent home , medical care , protection from the economic fears of old age , sickness and unemployment , and , perhaps most dangerously for big business , freedom from unfair monopolies .
He said that " true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence " .
The film was quickly locked away .
" The next week on the newsreels – and we 've gone back and researched this – they did n't run that , " said Moore .
" They talked about other parts of his speech , the war .
Nothing about this .
The footage became lost .
When we called the Roosevelt presidential library and asked them about it they said it was n't filmed .
His own family told us it was n't filmed . "
Moore 's team scoured the country without luck until they were given a tip about a collector connected to the university of South Carolina .
The university did n't have anything archived under FDR 's speeches that fitted , but there were a couple of boxes from that week in 1944 .
" We pop it in .
It was all there .
We had tears in our eyes watching it .
For 65 years not a single American saw that speech , not one .
I decided right then that we 're going to fulfil Roosevelt 's wishes that the American people see him saying this .
Of all the things in the film , probably I feel most privileged that I get to share this .
I get to give him his stage . "
It 's a powerful moment not only because it offers an alternative view of American values rarely spoken of today – almost all of which would be condemned as rampant socialism – but also an interesting reference point with which to compare the more restrained ambitions of the Obama administration .
It is hard to imagine any circumstances in which Obama could put forward such an agenda , I suggest .
Moore disagrees .
" He could make that speech . "
And survive politically ?
" He has told people he 's going to operate these four years not with an eye on getting re-elected but on getting things done .
I have been very happy for the last year .
We came out of eight dark years and his election was – what 's the word ?
– the relief I felt that night , I 've been filled with hope since then .
Now my patience is running a bit thin .
He has n't taken the reins and said : I 'm in charge here , this is what we 're doing .
Do it .
I can understand he 's afraid but he 's gotta do it . "
Dude , where 's my country ?
Michael Moore's America
" A thief - in - chief … a drunk , a possible felon , an unconvicted deserter and a crybaby "
On George Bush , 2001
" I say stupid white men are always the problem .
That 's never going to change "
After 9/11 , in response to his publisher 's pleas that he go easy on Bush
" It was pretty much like any other morning in America .
The farmer did his chores .
The milkman made his deliveries .
The president bombed another country whose name we could n't pronounce "
In Bowling for Columbine , 2002
" Back home we call it fuck - you money , OK ?
What that means is , the distributor of the film can't ever say to me , ' Do n't you dare say this in the interview ' or ' You better change that in the movie because if you do n't , you 're not going to get another movie deal . '
Because I already have my home and my family taken care of , and enough money from this film and book to make the next film , I 'm able to say , ' Fuck you . '
No one in authority can hold money over me to get me to conform . "
2002
" There is a country I would like to tell you about .
It is a country like no other on the planet .
Many of you , I am certain , would love to live there .
It is a very , very liberal , liberated , and free - thinking country .
Its people hate the thought of going to war .
The vast majority of its men have never served in any kind of military and they are n't rushing to sign up now …
The majority of its residents strongly believe in equal rights for women and oppose any attempt by the government or religious groups who would seek to control their reproductive organs ... "
2003
" There 's a gullible side to the American people .
Religion is the best device used to mislead them … and we have disastrous media . "
2003
" I would like to apologise for referring to George W Bush as a ' deserter ' .
What I meant to say is that George W Bush is a deserter , an election thief , a drunk - driver , a WMD liar and a functional illiterate .
And he poops his pants . "
2004
" Halliburton is not a ' company ' doing business in Iraq .
It is a war profiteer , bilking millions from the pockets of average Americans .
In past wars they would have been arrested – or worse . "
2004
Research by Isabelle Chevallot
• This article was amended on 1 February 2010 .
The original referred to a TV interview with a former executive of Sigma health insurance .
This has been corrected to Cigna .
Capitalism : A Love Story is released on 26 February
A POLICE officer is facing termination after having noisy sex in a church tower above a packed congregation attending New Year 's Day morning mass .
Father Nikalaus Maier was preaching to early morning churchgoers when noises from the belltower interrupted him .
He telephoned the police when the lovers came down looking sheepish and scurried swiftly out the door , buttoning their clothes as they left .
A church official said : " My wife sat in the back near the vestry and called me to tell me about the grunts and groans that disturbed the sermon .
It was scandalous . "
The police officer faces almost certain dismissal .
“ Holes ” in the genomes of severely overweight children have revealed a new type of genetic variant that drives obesity and also increases the risk of learning difficulties .
More gene variants that increase the risk of obesity have long been sought .
Although obesity , particularly in children , is often blamed on bad parenting , previous studies in identical twins that were raised apart revealed that genes play a major role in who becomes obese .
Pinpointing the culprits has been hard , however : the single - letter genetic variations found to be more common in obese people can only account for a small measure of obesity ’s heritability .
So geneticists Stephen O’Rahilly and Sadaf Farooqi at the University of Cambridge , and colleagues , turned to a different kind of genetic variation , known as a deletion , in which entire genes are absent .
Advertisement
They compared the genes of people of normal weight with 300 children who had all become obese by age 10 or younger .
Learning difficulties
They found that these children were far more likely to have large , rare deletions .
One of these featured the absence of a gene on chromosome 16 involved in sensing the hormones leptin and insulin , which play critical roles in both metabolism and appetite .
Some of the children had been taken out of their parents ’ custody because their weight problems were blamed on bad parenting , but O’Rahilly says “ it was pretty clear that this deletion was causing obesity ” .
Deletions are part of a larger group of gene variants called copy number variants ( CNVs ) , which also include additional copies of genes , known as insertions .
Previously , CNVs have mainly been linked to psychiatric problems including autism , learning difficulties and schizophrenia .
O’Rahilly ’s team also found that the obese children he studied were more likely than the general population to have learning difficulties .
Further evidence for a connection between brain development and obesity is also being claimed by a team led by Philippe Froguel of Imperial College London .
Drug targets
His team has n’t yet published the results , but Froguel says they scanned the genomes of 16,000 adults and children , some obese and some not , for a different deletion on chromosome 16 which had previously been linked to learning difficulties .
Every single adult over 30 and half the children with this mutation – 19 in total – were obese , he says .
Although in both studies , the deletions discovered are rare , and so cannot account for all cases of obesity , they are still important , Froguel says .
At the very least , the mutations will point to genes and biological pathways that tend to go awry in obesity , offering potential targets for drug therapies .
“ Just because something is not common does not mean that the discovery you make from it wo n’t be applicable to lots of people , ” says Andrew Hattersley , a geneticist at Peninsula Medical School in Exeter , UK , who was not involved in either study .
Froguel ’s team is already probing larger populations to find out which other rare deletions may cause obesity .
Journal reference : Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature08689
Are we in danger of knowing too much ?
( Caozhizheng / Rex Features )
NO ONE ever tells you how dangerous this stuff can be : they just go on pumping it out , hour after hour , day after day .
You ’re consuming it right now , without a clue about the possible consequences .
The worst thing is , evolution has predisposed your brain to crave it as much as your body craves fat and sugar .
And these days – as with fat and sugar – you can get it everywhere .
That ’s because we live in the information age – and the stuff that risks doing the damage is information itself .
As certain scientists and philosophers see it , the discovery and dissemination of knowledge is far from being an unqualified boon .
We might be in danger of knowing too much .
“ Information can potentially be extremely dangerous , ” says philosopher Nick Bostrom , director of the Future of Humanity Institute at the University of Oxford .
“ The effects arising from knowledge can be momentous . ”
Humans are uniquely at risk because we have always craved information .
Anthropologist Robin Dunbar and his colleagues at the University of Oxford suggest that this trait has almost certainly been bred into us during our evolutionary history .
Evidence for this idea comes from the observation that in birds and primates , brain size is correlated with the ability to reason , to develop new feeding strategies and to survive extinction .
“ Clearly , the capacity to discover novel facts about the environment has a very ancient basis , ” Dunbar says .
For humans , new information has in the past brought a clear evolutionary advantage .
The invention of spiked clubs , triremes , longbows , gunpowder and all the other military technologies …
For the last 6 weeks or so , a bunch of us have been working on a really serious issue in SSL .
In short , a man - in - the - middle can use SSL renegotiation to inject an arbitrary prefix into any SSL session , undetected by either end .
To make matters even worse , through a piece of ( in retrospect ) incredibly bad design , HTTP servers will , under some circumstances , replay that arbitrary prefix in a new authentication context .
For example , this is what happens if you configure Apache to require client certificates for one directory but not another .
Once it emerges that your request is for a protected directory , a renegotiation will occur to obtain the appropriate client certificate , and then the original request ( i.e. the stuff from the bad guy ) gets replayed as if it had been authenticated by the client certificate .
But it has n’t .
Not that the picture is all rosy even when client certificates are not involved .
Consider the attacker sending an HTTP request of his choosing , ending with the unterminated line “ X - Swallow - This : “ .
That header will then swallow the real request sent by the real user , and will cause any headers from the real user ( including , say , authentication cookies ) to be appended to the evil request .
It ’s obviously going to take a little while for the world to patch this – and since the news is spreading like wildfire I ’ve put up a patch to OpenSSL that bans all renegotiation .
I ’m sure an official release will follow very shortly .
Note that the patch is against the head of the OpenSSL 0.9.8 development tree ( that is , it is against 0.9.8l - dev ) .
You may have to do a little work to patch against other versions .
And if you intend to deploy this patch permanently , please change at least the textual version of the version number , which you can find in crypto / opensslv.h .
Also note that if you need renegotiation for your site to work , I have no solution for you , other than you redesign your site .
Sorry .
New Year in America : A portrait of social misery
By Tom Eley
5 January 2010
The new decade finds the US working class suffering a level of social misery not seen since the Great Depression .
Unemployment , poverty , hunger , utility cutoffs , homelessness , foreclosures and bankruptcies have become common experiences for millions .
But unlike in the Great Depression , when limited reforms were put in place in response to the crisis , the Obama administration , Congress , and state and local governments are taking no serious measures to provide relief .
On the contrary , the two parties of big business are exacerbating the crisis through budget cuts at the state and local level and the federal government is preparing new austerity measures .
Unemployment :
At over 10 percent , the official US jobless rate reached in October and November was the highest since June of 1983 .
A broader measure of unemployment , taking into account those who have fallen out of the official workforce , reveals that something approaching one in five workers is unemployed or underemployed .
The economy has not added jobs since December 2007 , and in that same time span has lost 7.2 million jobs overall .
Coupling these losses with population growth — the economy must add about 150,000 jobs per month to break even — the net jobs deficit in the period is well over 10.5 million .
It is widely acknowledged that most of the jobs lost will not return for years , if ever .
Even by the optimistic forecast of the Federal Reserve Board , the jobless rate will remain above 7 percent through 2011 .
Those without jobs face long periods of unemployment , the most recent figures showing that 38.3 percent of the unemployed have been without work for 27 weeks or longer .
Data for November show that all 50 states have witnessed an increase in unemployment since the end of 2008 .
Michigan continued to have the highest official jobless rate at 14.7 percent .
Detroit , its principal city and the longtime hub of US auto production , had an official unemployment rate of 27 percent .
The real rate approaches 50 percent , a number in line with the worst levels of big city unemployment during the Great Depression .
In California , 12.3 percent of the official workforce was unemployed in November .
The most populous US state had by itself shed 617,000 jobs over the previous year .
What remains of the US social safety net is woefully unprepared to meet this crisis , with jobless benefits reaching well under half of unemployed workers .
In December nearly ten million workers in the US were receiving jobless benefits , not quite half of these in the form of extended or emergency relief .
There were some 5.6 million workers who had both exhausted their unemployment benefits and given up looking up for work .
Those fortunate enough to keep their jobs in 2009 saw their hours , wages and benefits cut , even as employers drove up their productivity .
In real terms , average weekly wages fell by 1 percent last year , while worker productivity was ratcheted up by 8.1 percent in the third quarter and 6.4 percent in the second .
Foreclosures and bankruptcies : Increasing numbers of unemployed and financially stressed workers have been unable to meet their mortgage payments .
During the third quarter , the number of US homes in foreclosure surpassed one million .
In October , a survey by the Mortgage Bankers Association found that about one in ten mortgages was at least one payment behind , while 4.47 percent were in the process of foreclosure .
Most of the recent increase in foreclosures has occurred outside of the subprime loan market , among households that had previously qualified for loans based on stable employment and income .
The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that filings for personal bankruptcy rose to 1.41 million in 2009 , up by almost one third .
The newspaper called the increase “ a surge largely driven by foreclosures and job losses . ”
Poverty and hunger : Poverty and hunger , already on the rise in 2008 before the brunt of the economic crisis hit , have intensified .
Analysis of the 2008 US census using criteria favored by the National Academy of Sciences shows that 47.4 million Americans , 15.8 percent of the population , were living below the official poverty line .
The official government tally recorded 39.8 million people in poverty in 2008 , or 13.2 percent of the population .
One in five US children was living in poverty in 2008 , according to the official data .
The real poverty rate is far higher , since the income threshold set by the government — $ 22,000 for a family of four — is absurdly low .
Judy Putnam , a spokesperson for the Michigan League for Human Services , discussed with the World Socialist Web Site her organization ’s new study “ Michigan by the Numbers : Hard Times Continue . ”
According to Putnam , 22 percent of the state ’s children under five are growing up in poverty .
For African American children , the figure is 45 percent , with half the children in Detroit growing up poor .
“ Many of those who would have received cash assistance in past recessions are not getting it now , ” Putnam said .
“ Only a third are getting cash assistance compared with two - thirds before ‘ welfare reform ’ in 1996 .
All of these folks who need assistance have been squeezed off the safety net .
People in Michigan are heavily dependent on food stamps and , if they qualify , for unemployment benefits .
But unlike previous recessions only the very , very poor qualify for cash assistance . ”
The evidence of widespread hunger in the US is unmistakable .
In December , the National Conference of Mayors released a study of 27 major cities conducted between October 2008 and September 2009 .
The report revealed the largest increase in those seeking food assistance since 1991 .
In November , the United States Department of Agriculture reported that a record 49.1 million Americans , one sixth of the population , lacked dependable access to adequate food in 2008 .
Also in November , Feeding America , a national food assistance organization , released details of an economic impact survey of some of its 63,000 member food charities .
It found that between summer 2008 and summer 2009 , demand for food charity rose by over 30 percent nationally .
Many of those reliant on food assistance have no other source of income , a new analysis of state data by the New York Times reveals .
Six million Americans , or 1 in 50 , report no income beyond what they receive in food stamps through the joint federal - state Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) .
According to a recent study published in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , about half of US children will rely on food stamps at some point during their childhood .
The figure is 90 percent for black children .
Homelessness and utility cutoffs :
With a bitter cold snap settling over much of the nation last week , those suffering homelessness and utility cutoffs found themselves in dangerous conditions .
The caseload of the government ’s Low - Income Home Energy Assistance Program ( LIHEAP ) increased by 25 percent in 2009 , and is projected to increase by another 20 percent in 2010 .
Among the 27 major cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors report , 19 reported an increase in family homelessness between the autumns of 2008 and 2009 .
The largest increases were in Dallas ( 20 percent ) , Boston and Kansas City ( 22 percent each ) , and Charleston ( 41 percent ) .
Across the US , shantytowns reminiscent of the “ Hoovervilles ” of the 1930s have emerged .
People in these encampments live in tents or shacks built of old wood , scrap metal , cardboard and other waste , with no running water , electricity , plumbing , or garbage removal .
An indelible scene took place in Detroit on October 5 , when an estimated 50,000 city residents formed a long line stretching around the Cobo Hall convention center after hearing rumors that the city was dispensing assistance for utility bills and housing payments .
City officials said only a tiny fraction of those seeking assistance would receive help .
Conditions of the youth :
The economic crisis has exacted perhaps its greatest toll on the youth .
All of the data related to hunger , homelessness and unemployment show that young people are disproportionately affected .
A study by the Pew Research Center published in November shows that one in ten adults under the age of 35 has moved back to his parents ’ home as a result of the recession .
Overall , half of those aged 18 to 24 now live with their parents .
Only about half of young people have jobs , the lowest figure on record dating back to 1948 .
A recent study showed that less than half of students graduate on schedule after signing up for a two - or four - year college program , and that most who quit or delay their studies do so on account of economic hardship .
Those who do graduate enter the worst market for degree holders in 30 years , and with record levels of student debt .
The average college graduate in 2008 carried a burden of $ 23,000 in student loan debt , while the unemployment rate for college graduates aged 20 to 24 reached 10.6 percent in the third quarter .
Meanwhile , one in ten male high school dropouts , ages 16 to 24 , is currently either in prison or juvenile detention .
Among black male high school dropouts , more than a fifth are incarcerated , a study by researchers at Northeastern University shows .
For the population as a whole , the Justice Department recently reported that 1 in 31 US adults is behind bars or on probation or parole .
The response of the government :
The response of state and local governments to this social catastrophe is drastic reductions in social services and job cuts , under conditions where the Obama administration refuses to provide emergency aid to help cover budget deficits .
The total deficit of the states from 2009 to 2012 is now estimated at $ 460 billion , a figure that is likely to grow as more state capitals adjust estimates for rapidly declining tax revenue .
” Anything and everything ’s on the table , ” said Todd Haggerty , a policy associate with the National Conference of State Legislators .
States have “ cut the fat , cut the muscle and are now cutting bone .
The easy decisions have already been made . ”
The fiscal situation confronting the states is expected to deteriorate sharply next year when funds from the federal economic stimulus package , the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , are exhausted .
Like the states , the federal government faces a fiscal catastrophe , with cumulative US budget deficits expected to top $ 10 trillion by the end of the new decade , according to the Obama administration ’s rather optimistic forecast .
Cuts in spending must be put in place , in part , to convince creditors , especially China , that the US “ can get its finances back in order , ” the Wall Street Journal wrote Monday in a feature on the annual gathering of the American Economic Association .
The response of the Obama administration is to call for an unprecedented program of fiscal austerity and sharp cuts in social spending , to be announced in his State of the Union address early next month and outlined in the new federal budget proposal shortly thereafter .
Obama ’s repeated insistence on the need for Americans to reduce their consumption — even as trillions more are allocated for the banks and for ever - expanding wars in Central Asia and the Middle East — is code language for a deepening of the assault on the working class .
The discussion of possible deficit reduction measures includes regressive taxes such as a national sales tax and sweeping cuts in entitlement programs on which millions of people rely , such as Medicare and Social Security .
Such measures are on top of the administration ’s health care overhaul , which will reduce costs for corporations and the government while slashing benefits and increasing out - of - pocket expenses for millions of working people .
Overstock.com CEO
Patrick Byrne has said that hedge fund Copper River Partners paid his company $ 5 m this afternoon to settle claims it colluded to denigrate Overstock and then profit from short positions in the etailer 's shares .
Byrne - who has waged a very public battle over Wall Street short selling - tells
The Reg that the $ 5 m payment from Copper River ( formerly Rocker Partners ) arrived at about 2:30 pm Pacific time on Tuesday .
According to Byrne , it settles a 2005 lawsuit Overstock filed against the hedge fund .
We reached Copper River partner Marc Cohodes on his cell phone , but before we could ask for comment , he hung up .
Copper River was liquidated last year in the wake of the Wall Street meltdown .
According to Overstock and Byrne , the defendants in the case - including fund founder David Rocker , Marc Cohodes , and other outfits controlled and advised by the hedge fund - have agreed to dismiss a 2007 counter - suit as well .
Overstock 's original suit also included research firm Gradient Partners .
Gradient settled with the etailer last year , and though terms of the settlement were not disclosed , a source close to the matter says the research firm paid Overstock between $ 1.5 m and $ 2 m .
Overstock 's remaining dispute with Copper River was set for trial in February .
In 2005 , Patrick Byrne announced Overstock 's lawsuit against Rocker with a now famous conference call he insisted on calling " The Miscreants ’ Ball . "
He was widely abused in the press - including by The Reg - for telling the world that a cabal led by a " Sith Lord " was out to destroy his company .
His methods are , shall we say , unorthodox .
But in the wake of last fall 's economic meltdown , Byrne has received more than a little vindication from a financial press that once branded him a madman .
The Overstock.com CEO spent years warning that abusive naked short selling was threatening the health of America 's financial markets , and in the wake of the Wall Street meltdown , many other voices - including Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld - have acknowledged that the practice at least played a part .
Last fall , the US Securities and Exchange Commission issued temporary rules meant to curb naked shorting .
In late July , the Commission made these rules permanent .
With a traditional short sale , traders borrow shares and sell them in the hope that prices will drop .
A naked short works much the same way - except the shares are n't actually borrowed .
They 're sold but not delivered .
The practice essentially floods the market with non-existent stock .
In their suit , Byrne and Overstock contended that hedge funds such as Copper River colluded with research firms and journalists - and each other - to drive down the stock prices of certain companies and profit from short positions .
For years , news outlets ignored Byrne 's warnings over naked shorting , with some journalists - most notably a former BusinessWeek reporter named Gary Weiss - painting the Overstock boss as a complete nutcase .
According to Byrne , many of these journos were part of the alleged cabal trying to bring his company down .
Byrne also said that additional abuse was fueled at least in part by the unfavorable way that Wikipedia discussed him and his stance on naked shorting .
According to Byrne , for years the relevant articles on the " free encyclopedia anyone can edit " were controlled by none other than Gary Weiss , hiding behind various anonymous accounts .
Weiss - who now writes for the business news site Portfolio.com - has always denied this .
But Byrne and his employees eventually turned up emails indicating otherwise .
Still outstanding is an additional $ 3.48 bn lawsuit from Byrne and Overstock against 12 New York brokerage firms , alleging a " massive , illegal stock market manipulation scheme . "
" That 's the big one , " Byrne says .
" That 's the OJ trial of the financial world . "
The trial is expected in late 2010 . ®
Update :
This story has been updated to point out that Copper River liquidated last year and to clarify the headline .
Overstock 's suit against Copper River was not over naked short selling per se .
The suit alleged that Copper River colluded to denigrate Overstock and then profit from short positions in the etailer 's shares .
Construction of the building started in in January 2003 and in December 2003 it was finished .
House architecture is based on Jan Marcin Szancer ( famous Polish drawer and child books illustrator ) and Per Dahlberg ( Swedish painter living in Sopot ) pictures and painting .
The Hundertwasser house “ Waldspirale ” ( ” Forest Spiral ” ) was built in Darmstadt between 1998 and 2000 .
Friedensreich Hundertwasser , the famous Austrian architect and painter , is widely renowned for his revolutionary , colourful architectural designs which incorporate irregular , organic forms , e.g. onion - shaped domes .
The structure with 105 apartments wraps around a landscaped courtyard with a running stream .
Up in the turret at the southeast corner , there is a restaurant , including a cocktail bar .
The Longaberger Basket Company building in Newark , Ohio might just be a strangest office building in the world .
The 180,000 - square - foot building , a replica of the company ’s famous market basket , cost $ 30 million and took two years to complete .
Many experts tried to persuade Dave Longaberger to alter his plans , but he wanted an exact replica of the real thing .
This project , located in the heart of Kansas City , represents one of the pioneer projects behind the revitalization of downtown .
The people of Kansas City were asked to help pick highly influential books that represent Kansas City .
Those titles were included as ‘ bookbindings ’ in the innovative design of the parking garage exterior , to inspire people to utilize the downtown Central Library .
7. Wonderworks ( Pigeon Forge , TN , United States )
8. Habitat 67 ( Montreal , Canada )
Expo 67 , one of the world ’s largest universal expositions was held in Montreal .
Housing was one of the main themes of Expo 67 .
The cube is the base , the mean and the finality of Habitat 67 .
In its material sense , the cube is a symbol of stability .
As for its mystic meaning , the cube is symbol of wisdom , truth , moral perfection , at the origin itself of our civilization .354 cubes of a magnificent grey - beige build up one on the other to form 146 residences nestled between sky and earth , between city and river , between greenery and light .
The original idea of these cubic houses came about in the 1970s .
Piet Blom has developed a couple of these cubic houses that were built in Helmond .
The city of Rotterdam asked him to design housing on top of a pedestrian bridge and he decided to use the cubic houses idea .
The concept behind these houses is that he tries to create a forest by each cube representing an abstract tree ; therefore the whole village becomes a forest .
The house is owned by the daughter of the ex-president of Vietnam , who studied architecture in Moscow .
It does not comply with any convention about house building , has unexpected twists and turns , roofs and rooms .
It looks like a fairy tale castle , it has enormous “ animals ” like a giraffe and a spider , no window is rectangular or round , and it can be visited like a museum .
11 . Dancing Building ( Prague , Czech Republic )
13 . Calakmul building a.k.a La Lavadora a.k.a
The Washing Mashine ( Mexico , Mexico )
14 . Manchester Civil Justice Centre ( Manchester , UK )
15 . Nakagin Capsule Tower ( Tokyo )
16 . Mind House ( Barcelona , Spain )
17 . Stone House ( Guimarães , Portugal )
18 . The Ufo House ( Sanjhih , Taiwan )
19 . The National Library ( Minsk , Belarus )
20 . Grand Lisboa ( Macao )
21 . Wall House ( Groningen , Netherlands )
22 . Guggenheim Museum ( Bilbao , Spain )
23 . Bahá ’í House of Worship a.k.a Lotus Temple ( Delhi , India )
22 . Erwin Wurm : House Attack ( Viena , Austria )
In America ’s federal system , some states , such as California , offer residents a “ package deal ” that bundles numerous and ambitious public benefits with the high taxes needed to pay for them .
Other states , such as Texas , offer packages combining modest benefits and low taxes .
These alternatives , of course , define the basic argument between liberals and conservatives over what it means to get the size and scope of government right .
It ’s not surprising , then , that there ’s an intense debate over which model is more admirable and sustainable .
What is surprising is the growing evidence that the low - benefit / low - tax package not only succeeds on its own terms but also according to the criteria used to defend its opposite .
In other words , the superior public goods that supposedly justify the high taxes just are n’t being delivered .
California and Texas are not perfect representatives of the alternative deals , but they come close .
Overall , the Census Bureau ’s latest data show that state and local government expenditures for all purposes in 2005 - 06 were 46.8 % higher in California than in Texas : $ 10,070 per person compared with $ 6,858 .
Only three states and the District of Columbia saw higher per capita government outlays than California , while those expenditures in Texas were lower than in all but seven states .
California ranked 10th in overall taxes levied by state and local governments , on a per capita basis , while Texas , one of only seven states with no individual income tax , was 38th .
One way to assess how Americans feel about the different tax and benefit packages the states offer is by examining internal U.S. migration patterns .
Between April 1 , 2000 , and June 30 , 2007 , an average of 3,247 more people moved out of California than into it every week , according to the Census Bureau .
Over the same period , Texas had a net weekly population increase of 1,544 as a result of people moving in from other states .
During these years , more generally , 16 of the 17 states with the lowest tax levels had positive “ net internal migration , ” in the Census Bureau ’s language , while 14 of the 17 states with the highest taxes had negative net internal migration .
Advertisement
These folks pulling up stakes and driving U - Haul trucks across state lines understand a reality the defenders of the high - benefit / high - tax model must confront :
All things being equal , everyone would rather pay low taxes than high ones .
The high - benefit / high - tax model can work only if things are demonstrably not equal -- if the public goods purchased by the high taxes far surpass the quality , quantity and impact of those available to people who live in states with low taxes .
Today ’s public benefits fail that test , as urban scholar Joel Kotkin of NewGeography.com and Chapman University told the Los Angeles Times in March : “ Twenty years ago , you could go to Texas , where they had very low taxes , and you would see the difference between there and California .
Today , you go to Texas , the roads are no worse , the public schools are not great but are better than or equal to ours , and their universities are good .
The bargain between California ’s government and the middle class is constantly being renegotiated to the disadvantage of the middle class . ”
These judgments are not based on drive - by sociology .
According to a report issued earlier this year by the consulting firm McKinsey & Co. , Texas students “ are , on average , one to two years of learning ahead of California students of the same age , ” even though per-pupil expenditures on public school students are 12 % higher in California .
The details of the Census Bureau data show that Texas not only spends its citizens ’ dollars more effectively than California but emphasizes priorities that are more broadly beneficial .
Per capita spending on transportation was 5.9 % lower in California , and highway expenditures in particular were 9.5 % lower , a discovery both plausible and infuriating to any Los Angeles commuter losing the will to live while sitting in yet another freeway traffic jam .
In what respects , then , does California “ excel ” ?
California ’s state and local government employees were the best compensated in America , according to the Census Bureau data for 2006 .
And the latest posting on the website of the California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility shows 9,223 former civil servants and educators receiving pensions worth more than $ 100,000 a year from California ’s public retirement funds .
The “ dues ” paid by taxpayers in order to belong to Club California purchase benefits that , increasingly , are enjoyed by the staff instead of the members .
Advertisement
None of this happens by accident .
California ’s interlocking directorate of government employee unions , issue activists , careerists and campaign contributors has become increasingly aggressive and adept at using rhetoric extolling public benefits for all to deliver targeted advantages to itself .
As a result , the political reality of the high - benefit / high - tax model is that its public goods are , increasingly , neither public nor good .
Instead , the beneficiaries are the providers of the public services , and certain favored or connected constituencies , rather than the general population .
The recession will eventually end , and California ’s finances will get better .
Given its powerful systemic bias against efficient and effective public services , however , the question is whether the state will ever get well .
California ’s public sector has pinned its hopes for avoiding fundamental reform on increased federal aid to replace dollars the state ’s fed - up taxpayers refuse to surrender .
In other words , residents in the other 49 states -- the new 49ers ? -- would enjoy the privilege of paying California ’s taxes .
Their one consolation will be not having to endure its lousy public services .
If , on the other hand , America ’s taxpayers ( and China ’s bond buyers ) succumb to bailout fatigue , California may reach the point at which , after every alternative has been exhausted , it is forced to try governing itself competently .
You would n’t know it from putting up with California ’s transportation and educational systems , but there actually is a principled , plausible argument to be made for the high - benefit / high - tax model .
For the sake of both California and their own political ideals , its advocates ought to be leading the charge against every excess and inefficiency that deprives taxpayers of good value for their dollars .
That wo n’t happen until they stand up to their coalition partners by breaking their Faustian political bargain with California ’s self - serving governmental - industrial complex .
As the fighting between Yemeni forces and Houthi rebels escalates in the country ’s remote northern region , the international community has focused largely on the potential for the war to further weaken the central government – leaving it vulnerable to threats from both separatists and militant Islamists .
But largely unseen by the outside world , the humanitarian consequences are mounting in refugee camps rarely accessed by Western journalists .
Displaced families – some with their goats , sheep , donkeys , and cows in tow – are steadily filing into the UNHCR - run camps in Mazrak , forcing the agency to open a third one at the end of last week .
With the dull thud of artillery fire in the distance , Hussein Abdullah describes how his family was forced to first flee their village into nearby Saudi Arabia and was then forced to leave Saudi Arabia after the Houthis attacked a Saudi border post .
“ After the Saudis started fighting the Houthis , ” he says , “ they told us we could not stay in Saudi Arabia .
We left with nothing more than we could carry .
My cattle are still in Saudi Arabia .
How am I supposed to get them back ? ”
Hussein is one of the many Yemenis who first fled to Saudi Arabia and were then forced to return to Yemen , eventually making their way to the UNHCR - run Internal Displaced Person ( IDP ) camps at Mazrak .
According to the UNHCR office in the nearby town of Harad , the population of the largest of the three camps has doubled in the last month to 16,675 .
However , this number is only a fraction of the estimated 150,000 who have been forced to flee the on- again , off - again fighting that has plagued the north for five years .
“ My house was bombed and , by God , I do n’t even know who bombed it .
We lost everything , ” says Fatima Ghais , as she stood in a tent and pointed to a plastic bag that held some clothes and plastic cups .
Ghais , like many in the camp , is completely dependent on the UNHCR and other relief services which are providing food , water , and shelter .
The day before the third camp opened on Dec. 17 , another 64 families arrived , estimated Nabil Ahmad , an assistant manager with Islamic Relief .
Outside the camps , dozens of civilians have reportedly been wounded and killed in the northern Saada governorate , according to an update published today by the International Committee of the Red Cross .
High praise for UNHCR
In the town of Mazrak , Yemeni soldiers crowd the town ’s qat market – the mild narcotic leaf is a key staple of society here – before heading back to the front , only 19 miles away in Minzalah .
Despite five years of fighting , Yemen ’s army has been unable to quell the Houthi rebellion , which has escalated in recent months due to a renewed offensive by the Yemeni army .
The Yemeni government claims that the Houthis – adherents to a radical form of Zaidism , a conservative off - shoot of Shiite Islam – want to overthrow Yemen ’s government and reestablish the imamate .
However , the Houthis , who have never clearly articulated their political agenda , deny this and say they are fighting to defend their land , beliefs , and culture against a government that discriminates against them .
In November , the conflict took on a regional dimension when Saudi Arabia , responding to attacks by Houthi rebels , began what Saudi officials describe as a border security operation .
The Saudis are attempting to create a cordon sanitaire seven miles deep along part of their border .
The fallout from this operation has been an escalation in fighting and a surge in displaced persons .
In the already stifling mid-morning heat , people crowd around , anxious to tell their stories .
“ I did n’t even know the name Mazrak and now I am here .
God knows when I will leave , ” says Dhaifah Jarah , who describes how her entire village was destroyed by jets dropping bombs .
“ I do n’t know who did it .
Some of the men said they were Saudi planes but only God knows who it was . ”
Jarah , whose husband is dead , lives by herself in one of the tents .
Her only possessions are a mattress and the clothes she is wearing .
A man from the town of Bini Sad , who gives his name only as Abdul Kareem , says he was also bombed out of his home .
“ First the Houthis stole my sheep and then all this bombing started .
When will it end ? ” he asks , as the heavy rattle of machine gun fire sounds off again in the distance .
Most of the people gathered around had high praise for the efforts of the UNHCR and other relief services .
“ Yes , we have food , thank God , ” says Mohammed Ali , another resident of the camp .
“ There are some problems but we are surviving . ”
Malnourished children and 14,000 head of livestock
The UNHCR and other agencies working in the camps face a daunting task .
In addition to providing shelter , food , and water for thousands of people in a hot and largely arid region , the agencies must also cope with an estimated 14,000 head of livestock that people have brought with them .
The French NGO
Triangle provides food and vaccinations for the assortment of goats , sheep , donkeys , and cows .
“ They are bringing us food for our animals , ” says Jibran Ali , as he points to some goats chewing on dried maize stalks .
Mr. Ali is one of the fortunate few :
He was able to flee with his animals .
Most of the residents of the camps had to leave their livestock behind , some with neighbors , while others were forced to abandon their animals in Saudi Arabia after they were deported .
“ How will the people recover from this – all these animals lost here and there ?
These animals are our wealth .
They are all we have . ”
In front of one of the camp ’s water tanks , a malnourished boy named Mohammed stands in the mud with his older sister .
According to UNICEF , the agency and its partner Medecins Sans Frontieres are dealing with more than 600 severely malnourished children .
Adnan Abdul Fattah , director of the UNICEF program in Mazrak , said that in addition to those cases , UNICEF must also cope with widespread moderate malnourishment among children in the camps .
An estimated 45 percent of children in Yemen suffer from malnutrition .
UN appeals for $ 177 million in aid
With no sign that the war will end soon , the UNHCR is proceeding with its long - term plan to bring water and electricity to the camps .
The UN recently launched a $ 177 million appeal for aid to help fund its Yemen Humanitarian Response Plan .
Both the Yemeni and Saudi governments say that they are defeating the Houthi rebels .
However , the Yemeni government has repeatedly claimed victories against the Houthis in the past , only to have the fighting flare up again .
Sheltered in her tent from the hot afternoon sun , Jarah wonders , “ Will I ever see my home again ?
Look at me .
I am an old woman .
How long will I be here ? ”
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 1 , 2009
In an article published in the February , 2010 , issue of Guns & Weapons for Law Enforcement ( a print magazine not available online ) , Donald J. Mihalek argues that suspected criminals in the United States should be treated the same way “ insurgents ” are in Iraq .
A scan of the article .
Click the above image to download the article in PDF format .
“ With violent crime increasing in many American cities , ” writes Mihalek , “ it is easy to think of criminals as an ‘ insurgency ’… .
This growing insurgent behavior includes shootings of civilians , a growing trend of gang violence and an increase in narcotics related kidnapping .
The trends point to a need for a renewed strategy to fight violent crime . ”
Mihalek suggests cops borrow from General David Petraeus , who formulated an eight point counterinsurgency plan to deal with elements in Iraq opposed to the occupation of their country .
Petraeus ’ FM 3 - 24 is a final draft on counterinsurgency and spans nearly 250 pages .
Petraeus ’ COIN ( the popular acronym for counterinsurgency ) doctrine is an extension on the Pentagon ’s “ full spectrum dominance ” as devised by the neocons prior to and during George W. Bush ’s tenure in the White House .
Full - spectrum dominance is a military concept whereby a joint military structure achieves control over all elements of the “ battlespace ” using land , air , maritime and space based assets .
“ It ’s important to recognize the most important overarching doctrinal concept that our Army , in particular , has adopted — the concept of ‘ full spectrum operations . ’
This concept holds that all military operations are some mix of offensive , defensive , and stability and support operations .
In other words , you ’ve always got to be thinking not just about the conventional forms of combat — offensive and defensive operations — but also about the stability and support component , ” Petraeus told Foreign Policy , a a bimonthly magazine founded by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and subsequently purchased by The Washington Post Company .
In FM 3 - 24 ’s overview , Petraeus and his coauthor write that the Iraq COIN doctrine contains both new and old elements .
Traditional COIN tactics used in the Philippines , Vietnam , Malaya , Northern Ireland , Algeria , and much of the third world include population control ( relocation of the population ) , “ oil spot ” ( concentration of counter - insurgent forces into an expanding , secured zone ) , population monitoring ( checkpoints and national identity cards ) , and cordon and search .
The U.S. COIN doctrine includes psychological warfare ( planned use of propaganda and other psychological actions ) and information warfare ( spreading of propaganda or disinformation to demoralize the enemy and the public ) .
Psychological and information warfare are currently used against the American public ( for instance , the US Army 4th Psychological Operations Group was active at both NPR and CNN , while the CIA ’s Operation Mockingbird compromised a large segment of the corporate media beginning in the early 1950s ) .
[ efoods ]
For COIN to work domestically , the United States will need to be turned into a police state under military occupation .
Think Fallujah and the so - called “ Strategic Hamlets ” of Vietnam .
Think Gestapo , Stasi and secret police .
In Instruments of Statecraft : U.S. Guerilla Warfare , Counterinsurgency , and Counterterrorism , 1940 - 1990 , Michael McClintock writes about the change in COIN after World War II , particularly during the Kennedy administration .
“ As terror was seen as integral to guerrilla tactics , the counterguerrilla would apply counterterror ; guerilla organization ( e.g. , recruitment surveillance ) would be mimicked by counterorganization .
Counterorganization , taken to its entail , could ( and often did ) entail placing hundreds of thousands of people under virtual totalitarian control .
Which combined with the psychological warfare technique of ideological indoctrination , totalitarian potential could become reality . ”
For COIN to work as Mihalek suggests the United States will necessarily become a totalitarian military dictatorship ( a process already well underway , as evidenced by the the passage of the Patriot Act — now used against suspected criminals in lieu of actual terrorists — violations of Posse Comitatus , the increasing presence of military troops on the streets in collaboration with law enforcement , and the ever - encroaching high - tech surveillance grid intruding on many aspects of public and private life ) .
It should be noted that terrorism is part of the COIN doctrine and it was advocated by so - called terrorism experts and the defense establishment in the 1980s .
Pentagon legal consultant William V. O’Brien , for instance , writing on special operations , has justified wholesale terrorism as a way to win “ low - intensity ” conflicts .
O’Brien has advocated “ exceptions to the normal moral and legal constraints ” on military action .
Murder and terrorism “ may be presumed to be justified by a high and urgent necessity that may require sacrifice of other values such as some of the normal moral — legal constraints . ”
“ The suggestion that war crimes are acceptable in small doses , the selective ideal of special warfare , recalls the 1967 army manual ’s warning that only selective counterterror is legitimate ( ‘ i.e. genocide is not an alternative ’ ) , ” writes McClintock .
“ O’ Brien ’s warning not to go too far bears the same double message — that war crimes are to be expected but should not be excessive in number . ”
Donald J. Mihalek argues that these horrendous and illegal techniques ( although he does not mention them specifically ) should be brought to the United States and practiced by police against “ civilians ” who may or may not be guilty of a crime .
That this disturbing article was published in a trade journal tailored for law enforcement is another indication that police around the country — increasingly federalized and militarized — are being indoctrinated to believe police work is related to the activities of the military .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Det internasjonale medieselskapet Google har betalt studenten Kevin Unhammer ved Universitetet i Bergen og språkforsker Trond Trosterud ved Universitetet i Tromsø for å skape et dataprogram som forstår norsk .
Programmet oversetter mellom bokmål og nynorsk , og er det første i sitt slag som er til fri bruk .
Prøv maskinoversetteren selv Prøv maskinoversetteren selv
– Slike programmer vil for eksempel gjøre det enklere for kommuner og offentlige organer å skrive tekster og skjema på ulike språk og målformer .
Så kan oversetterne konsentrere seg om helheten i teksten , i stedet for å bruke tid på å slå opp i ordbøker , sier Trosterud .
Imponert over studentens arbeid
Det første de to har begynt å bruke programmet til , er å oversette artikler på Wikipedia fra bokmål til nynorsk .
Se de oversatte artiklene selv .
Trosterud er svært fornøyd med kvaliteten på oversetteren , og også på Unhammers sommerjobb .
– Det Kevin gjorde i løpet av tre måneder har ingen gjort før .
Dette er usannsynlig bra .
Norsk språkteknologis historie er strødd med prosjekter som har feilet .
Derfor er dette prosjektet usannsynlig bra .
Språkforsker Trond Trosterud
Google som arbeidsgiver
Google Summer of Code Ekspandér faktaboks Sommerjobb som betales av Google .
Flere hundre studenter fra hele verden deltar .
Man kan velge mellom ulike programmeringsoppgaver .
Prosjektet må være åpen kildekode .
Lønn for tre måneder : 4 500 USD ( 2009 ) .
Mer : Google
Kevin sier det var en annerledes sommerjobb , og er svært godt fornøyd med å få betalt for å gjøre noe han liker .
– Betalinga var 4500 USD ( vel 26 000 kroner , red.anm ) for sommerjobben , jeg pleier å tjene mindre på sommerjobber vanligvis .
Og han synes ikke det er mindre flott at Google står i arbeidsgiverfeltet på lønnsslippen .
– Det er vel litt stas .
Det tar seg nok godt ut på CV - en .
Og folk synes det høres litt imponerende ut når de hører at det er Google som har betalt sommerjobben , sier han og ler .
Den flerspråklige staten
Google Ekspandér faktaboks Verbet " to google " kom inn i Oxford English dictionary i 2007
Firmanavnet Google kommer fra ordet googol som viser til nummeret 1 fulgt av ett hundre nuller
Trosterud nevner at man frigjøres fra å slå opp ethvert ord i ordboka , når han blir bedt om å forklare hva dette kan brukes tid .
Et annet eksempel er fra fylkesmannen i Aust - Agder .
– Det som nå vokser frem er den firespråklige staten .
Fylkesmannen der har nettsider på bokmål , nynorsk , engelsk og nord - samisk .
Det er et stort maskiner å administrere , og en av nøkkelkomponentene i den flerspråklige staten vil vil være programvare som dette .
Enkel måte å skrive nynorskstil ?
Studenten Kevin Unhammer har hatt sommerjobb betalt av Google - og gir bort resultatet .
Foto : Paul Sakuma / AP
Det er ikke bare i Wikipedia dette vil bli brukt .
Kevin ser for seg at det også kan brukes til andre ting .
– Jeg frykter jo at mange etter hvert vil bruke det i skolen , når de skal skrive nynorsk - stiler .
På grunn av dette har han møtt motstand fra uventet hold .
– Moren min er lærer , og hun er ikke særlig begeistret for dette , sier Unhammer , og forklarer lett leende at hun frykter for elevenes nynorskkunnskaper .
Frykter ikke for nynorskforståelse
Trosterud er imidlertid ganske trygg på at dette ikke vil torpedere for norske elevers nynorskforståelse .
Tvert i mot .
– Programmer som dette vil alltid gjøre noen feil , og det er ikke feil som mennesker vil gjøre .
Så hvis noen leverer inn maskinoversatt tekst uten å kunne nynorsk , vil det raskt vise seg .
Dette programmet gjør det lettere fordi man slipper å slå opp hvert eneste ord , men man måfortsatt tenke selv , sier språkforskeren .
En stor utfordring
Unhammer forklarer hvorfor dette er så vanskelig å oversette , selv om målformene på norsk er svært like .
– Det er jo ikke slik at man kan oversette ord for ord .
Ofte må man flytte om på ordene , og før det må man avklare tvetydigheter .
Ganske mange ord i ordboka har flere meninger :
Det samme ordet kan være et verb i én sammenheng og et substantiv i en annen , og så videre .
– Hvordan gjør du det da ?
– Vi modifiserte et annet program som er laget for å avklare tvetydigheter , og tilpasset den til vårt prosjekt .
Det handler om å se på ordene som står rundt , og bruke konteksten til å finne ut betydningen .
Fri programvare
Programvaren er under stadig utvikling , og alt gjøres fritt tilgjengelig på nettet som åpen kildekode .
Det innebærer at alle kan bruke og jobbe videre på programmet , også dersom man ønsker å gjøre det kommersielt .
Kevin sier det er helt naturlig for ham å jobbe med åpen kildekode .
– For det første hadde jeg ikke kunnet lage dette programmet om ikke andre hadde frigitt sine programmer .
Og så liker jeg at andre kan jobbe videre med det jeg har gjort , og at de kan bygge videre på det .
Et evig prosjekt
Snart ferdigsstilles en versjon av programmet , men det betyr ikke at jobben er fullført .
Tvert i mot .
– Maskinoversettelse er en av de store , uløste oppgavene i IT .
Det går an å flikke på dette i evig tid , sier Unhammer .
Unhammers program er en del av prosjektet Apertium , som er et rammeverk for oversetting mellom en rekke ulike språk .
Innholdet som skulle vises her støttes dessverre ikke lenger .
The contraction of M3 money in the US and Europe over the last six months will slowly puncture economic recovery as 2010 unfolds , with the time - honoured lag of a year or so .
Ben Bernanke will be caught off guard , just as he was in mid-2008 when the Fed drove straight through a red warning light with talk of imminent rate rises – the final error that triggered the implosion of Lehman , AIG , and the Western banking system .
As the great bear rally of 2009 runs into the greater Chinese Wall of excess global capacity , it will become clear that we are in the grip of a 21st Century Depression – more akin to Japan 's Lost Decade than the 1840s or 1930s , but nothing like the normal cycles of the post - War era .
The surplus regions ( China , Japan , Germania , Gulf ) have not increased demand enough to compensate for belt - tightening in the deficit bloc ( Anglo - sphere , Club Med , East Europe ) , and fiscal adrenalin is already fading in Europe .
The vast East - West imbalances that caused the credit crisis are no better a year later , and perhaps worse .
Household debt as a share of GDP sits near record levels in two - fifths of the world economy .
Our long purge has barely begun .
That is the elephant in the global tent .
Read the whole story at The Telegraph -- >
The propaganda campaign to create hysteria about global warming required altering the public memory about both science and history .
Both have been successful , disturbingly so .
For the former , putting the well - developed science about the Little Ice Age down the memory hole .
The public must have a false image of the world ’s climate as stable , so the two century warming could be attributed to late 20th century industrialization .
The latter required erasing from public memory the global cooling scare of the 1970’s .
That required amnesia about well - documented history .
For example see this typical strawman argument ( refutation of an exaggerated version ) : “ The Myth of the 1970s Global Cooling Scientific Consensus “ , Thomas C. Peterson , William M. Connolley , and John Flect , American Meteorological Society , September 2008 .
The success of this project should disturb us , perhaps foreshadowing even more ambitious manipulations in the future ( as the global warming hysteria built upon the “ nuclear winter ” propaganda ) .
This website has retrieved some of this lost history from the memory hole .
The latest expose from the 1970 ’s is the re-discovery of this report about global cooling : “ A study of climatological research as it pertains to intelligence problems ” , CIA , August 1974 — Posted at Climate Monitory .
It ’s a discussion of the effect if our global climate returns to the conditions of the last 400 years ( the little ice age ) .
The success of these efforts to manipulate history should disturb us .
It was easy .
After all , sheep have poor memories .
For more information
If you liked this post , like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
See these Reference Pages for other posts about climate on the FM sites :
The keys to understanding climate change and My posts about climate change .
I 've read plenty of London guidebooks since I moved here in 2003 , but none have inspired me to go out and see my new hometown more than Secret London – an Unusual Guide , written by Rachel Howard and Bill Nash .
This handsomely illustrated book has peeled back the covers on London for me , showing off this city 's many oddments and wonders , curiosities that had been literally lurking right there on my daily walk to work , all unsuspected .
Some examples :
The cellars beneath the Viaduct Tavern in Newgate Street contain the last remaining cells from the notorious Newgate Prison , now used as beer - cellars ( the staff will let you in if you ask nicely ) ;
Somerset House 's " Dead House , " in the Strand is a grim and ancient tomb , practically next door to the post - office box where I 've been getting my mail for seven years ;
A rare surviving " sewer venting lamp " outside Charing Cross station , which lit up the streets of London with " firedamp " rising from the foetid Victorian cloaca ;
Dennis Severs House , in Brick Lane ( around the corner from our regular Sunday breakfast ) , a huge , mouldering row house formerly owned by a Canadian artist who filled it with junk antiques and curiosities , now open to the public ;
The Mummy of Jimmy Garlick , in St James Garlickhythe Church in Garlick Hill — a body that lay in state during the Great Fire was mummified by a trick of the great heat , which rested for centuries behind the church organ ( exhibited to curiousity seekers for a few pennies ) , then moved to the hymnal cupboard , and finally located in dusty bell - tower , where he can be seen by appointment only ;
A hidden pet cemetery in Hyde Park , where " hundreds of mildewed miniature headstones " mark the final resting places of dogs , cats , birds and a monkey ;
The Crossbones Graveyard , a plague pit filled with 15,000 dead ( including the local whores , who were called " punchable nuns " in the parlance of the day ) that is now used as a bus-parking yard by Transport for London to the outrage of some Londoners , who stage a monthly memorial at the site at 7 PM on the 23d of each month .
There are literally hundreds of incredible sights to see enumerated in Secret London , and my New Year 's resolution is to get to as many of them as I can !
I picked up Secret London by the register at Clerkenwell Tales in London 's Exmouth Market , near my office , where they have done an absolutely brilliant job of curating a display of quirky , interesting and beautiful books .
Secret London – an Unusual Guide
On Jan. 19 , 2009 , the Islanders had just lost in OT at home to the Capitals , 2 - 1 , giving them their 29th point of the season after 46 games ( 12 - 29 - 5 ) .
That put them in dead last , 8 points behind Ottawa and Atlanta , 11 points behind Tampa Bay .
Today , in the compressed schedule before the 2010 Olympic break , they have played 46 games and kept the pace of NHL - style quasi-.500 ( 19 - 19 - 8 ) .
They 're in 10th place , two points out of the playoff seed .
Um , what a difference a year makes ?
WebBard pointed out that with the shootout " win " in Phoenix , the Islanders have now equaled the number of [ edit : ROAD wins .
Sorry for the typo earlier . ] road wins ( nine ) they amassed all of last season .
Several of you have mentioned that the balance of scoring is n't all that different than last year .
Many know the goaltending has been superb ( well , this guy 's has in particular ) and the blueline -- flawed as it is -- has been far less injury - ravaged .
Instead of Thomas Pock as our go - to fill in , we 've had the refreshing Andrew MacDonald .
Here 's a quick glance at last year at this stage , compared to this year :
After the 46th game of 2008 - 09 , with Joey MacDonald on IR :
And today :
Fun stuff .
Any surprises ?
How much is just " goaltending , period " ?
For the first half of the season , I 've told people " goaltending plus John Tavares , " but JT has been quiet lately , while the other youngsters have picked up the slack .
Meanwhile , for dicussion 's sake , do n't forget SBN sites have reader contributions via FanPosts and FanShots .
In the last day , Fitz has added his version of " enough is enough " regarding making other teams pay for cheapshots against Tavares .
BC has added his " state of the Isles " reflection about the choices facing Garth Snow , as well as a priceless quote from a Calgary Flames defenseman complaining about another team 's player running around hitting people but not fighting .
Pot , meet kettle .
And if you 've got a theory / essay ( FanPosts ) or a link / photo / video ( FanShot ) to share , have at it .
In this episode of the free LiveLeak How - To Series we examine how to conduct oneself when being stopped by the police .
First , remain calm ...
There have been a number of discussions about “ Enterprise Linked Data ” recently , and I took part on a panel on precisely that topic at ESTC 2009 .
Unfortunately the panel was cut short due to time pressures so I did n’t get chance to say everything I ’d hoped .
In lieu of that debate here ’s a blog post containing a few thoughts on the subject .
When we refer to enterprise use of Linked Data , there are a number of different facets to that discussion which are worth highlighting .
In my opinion the issues and justifications relating to each of them are quite different .
So different in fact that we ’re in danger of having a confused debate unless we tease out this different aspects .
Aspects of the Debate
In my view there are three facets to the discussion :
Publishing Linked Data , the key question here being :
What does an Enterprise have to benefit by publishing Linked Data ?
Consuming Linked Data :
What does an Enterprise have to benefit from consuming Linked Data ?
Adopting Linked Data :
What benefits can an Enterprise gain by deploying Linked Data technologies internally ?
I think these facets whilst obviously closely related are largely orthogonal .
For example I could see a scenario in which an organization consumed Linked Data but did n’t store or use it as RDF , but just fed it into existing applications .
Similarly businesses could clearly adopt Linked Data as a technology without publishing or using any data to the web at all .
These issues are also largely orthogonal to the Open Data discussion : an enterprise might use , consume and publish Linked Data but this might not be completely open for others to reuse .
The data may only be available behind the firewall , amongst authorised business partners , or only available to licensed third - parties .
So , while the issue as to whether to publish open data is a very important aspect of the discussion , its not a defining one .
Here ’s a few thoughts on each of these different facets .
Publishing Linked Data
So why might an enterprise publish Linked Data ?
And if that is a worthwhile goal , then is it clear how to achieve it ?
Lets tackle the second question first as its the simplest .
There is an increasingly large amount of good advice available online , as well as tools and applications , to support the publishing of Linked Data .
We ’re making good strides towards making the important transition from moving Linked Data out of the research area and into the hands of actual practitioners .
The How to Publish Linked Data on the Web tutorial is an great resource but to my mind Jeni Tennison ’s recent series on publishing Linked Data is an excellent end - to - end guide full of great practical advice .
We can declare victory when someone writes the O’Reilly book on the subject and do for Linked Data what RESTful Web Services did for REST .
( And the two would make great companion pieces ) .
But technology issues aside , what are the benefits to an organization in publishing Linked Data ?
There are several ways to approach answering that question but I think in most discussions Linked Data tends to get compared with Web APIs .
The value of creating an API is now reasonably well understood , and many of the benefits that come from opening data through an API also apply to Linked Data .
However the argument that Linked Data married with a SPARQL endpoint is as easy for developers to use as a Web API is still a little weak at this stage .
SPARQL can be off - putting for developers used to simpler more tightly defined APIs .
As a community we ought to consider it as a power tool and look for ways to make it easier to get started with .
It ’s also worth recognising that a search API is also a useful addition to a SPARQL endpoint as part of Linked Data deployment .
But publishing Linked Data ca n’t be directly compared to just creating an API , because its also largely a pattern for web publishing in general .
Its increasingly easier to instrument existing content management systems to expose RDF ( a ) and Linked Data .
So rather than create a custom API , which will involve expensive development costs , particularly if its going to scale , its possible to simply expose Linked Data as part of an existing website .
By following the Linked Data pattern for web publishing , in particular the use of strong identifiers , an enterprise can end up with a single point of presence on the web for publishing all of its human and machine - readable data , resulting in a website that is strongly Search Engine Optimised .
Search engines can better crawl and index well structured websites and are increasingly ingesting embedded RDFa to improve search results and rankings .
That ’s a strong incentive to publish Linked Data by itself .
Adopting Linked Data , particularly as part of a reorganization of an existing web presence , could deliver improved search engine rankings and exposure of content whilst saving on the costs of developing and running a custom API .
The longer term benefits of being part of the growing web of data can be the icing on the cake .
Consuming Linked Data
Next we can consider why an enterprise might want to consume Linked Data .
To my knowledge organizations are currently only publishing Linked Open Data ( albeit with some wide variations in licensing terms ) , so we ’ll skip for the present whether enterprises have an option of consuming non-open Linked Data , e.g. as part of a privately licensed dataset .
The LOD Cloud is still growing and provides a great resource of highly interlinked data .
The main issues that face an organization consuming this data are ones of quantity ( there ’s still a lot more data that could be available ) ; quality ( how good is the data , and how well is it modelled ) ; and trust ( picking and choosing reliable sources ) .
To some extent these issues face any organization that begins relying on a third - party API or dataset .
However at present a lot of the data in the LOD cloud is still from secondary sources .
The same ca n’t be said for the majority of web APIs , which tend to be published by the original curators of the data .
These issues should resolve themselves over time as more primary sources join the LOD cloud .
Because Linked Data is all based on the same data model bulk loading and merging data from external sources is very simple .
This gives enterprises the option of creating their own mirrors of LOD data sources which will provide some additional reassurances around stability and longevity .
Linked Data , with its reliance on strong identifiers , is much easier to navigate and process than other sources , even if you ’re not storing the results of that processing as RDF .
There ’s also a much greater chance of serendipity , resulting in the discovery of new data sources and new data items .
Whereas there is virtually no serendipity in a Web API as each API needs to be explicitly integrated .
But this benefit is only going to become evident if we continue to put effort into helping ( enterprise ) developers understand how to consume Linked Data .
E.g. as part of existing frameworks or using new data integration patterns is another area that needs more attention .
The Consuming Linked Data tutorial at ISWC 2009 was a good step in that direction , although the message needs to be circulated wider , outside of the core semantic web community .
In my opinion it will be easier for enterprises to consume Linked Data if they first begin to publish it .
By publishing data they are putting their identifiers out into the wild .
These identifiers become points for annotation and reuse by the community , creating liminal zones from which the enterprise can harvest and filter useful data .
This is a benefit that I think is unique to Linked Data as with an Web API the end results are typically mashups or widgets displaying in a third - party application ; these are just new silos one step removed from the data publisher .
Adopting Linked Data
Finally , what value could be gained if an organization adopts Linked Data internally as a means to manage and integrate data behind the firewall ?
The issues and potential benefits here are largely a mixture of the above , except that there are little or no issues with trust as all of the data comes from known sources .
In a typical enterprise environment Linked Data as an integration technology will be compared to a wider range of systems ranging from integrated developer tools through to middleware systems .
There ’s a reason why SOAP based systems are still well used in enterprise IT as most organizations are n’t ( yet ? ) internally organized as if they were true microcosms of the web .
Its interesting to see that Linked Data can potentially provide a means for solving many of the issues that Master Data Management is trying to address .
Linked Data encourages strong identifiers ; clean modelling ; and linking to , rather than replicating data .
These are core issues for data consolidation within the enterprise .
Coupled with the ability to link out to data that is part of the LOD Cloud , or published by business partners , Linked Data has the potential to provide a unifying infrastructure for managing both internal and external data sources .
Its worth noting however that semantic technologies in general , e.g. document analysis , entity extraction , reasoning and ontologies seem to be much more widely deployed in enterprise systems than Linked Data .
This is no doubt in large part because the advantages of those technologies may currently be much more easily articulated as they ’re more easily packaged into a product .
Summary
In this post I wanted to tease out some of the questions that underpin the discussions about enterprise adoption of Linked Data .
I ’ve presented a few thoughts on those questions and I ’d love to hear your opinions .
Along the way I ’ve attempted to highlight some areas where we need to focus to help transition from a researcher - led to a practioner - led community .
More data , more documentation , and more tools are the key themes .
It is not in praise of the Creator that R. Crumb portrays him — in the splash page that begins his much - anticipated adaptation of Genesis in comic - book form — as Crumb sees his own father .
He grew up in helpless terror of Charles Crumb Sr. , a former Marine Corps master sergeant who lorded over his family with icy severity .
Early in his progress on “ The Book of Genesis , ” Crumb was asked by Robert Hughes of Time magazine if he was drawing God to look like Mr. Natural ( the burlesque cartoon shaman whom he has long employed to poke fun at pop spirituality ) .
Crumb replied : “ He has a white beard , but he actually ended up looking more like my father .
He has a very masculine face . ”
Both paternity and masculinity are matters of dubious value to Crumb , a wonderfully unlikely candidate to breathe new life into the founding narrative of masculine privilege and paternal authority in the Judeo - Christian world .
Crumb ’s
God appears , alongside the opening words of Genesis , spinning substance from a void that resembles a cosmic basketball in his enormous , hairy , veiny hands .
He is a profoundly — almost grotesquely — human - looking deity , very much the sort of being in whose image vulgar humankind could realistically come forth .
His nose has the elongation of age ( and an implied proto - Jewishness ) , and it is dotted with deep pores .
His brow is furrowed in a permanent scowl , unchanged throughout the book .
( In one of the chapters about Noah , Crumb has God scowling even as he pets a goat . )
He wears a long white robe and , over it , a longer white robe of billowing , gentle tresses that flow from his scalp and his face to what would presumably be his feet .
However much Crumb may think of his God as a retired ex-Marine , this man-God , in his haggard grandeur , brings to mind the work of two other artists relevant both to Genesis and to Crumb : the self - portrait sketches of Leonardo , who also depicted the Creation ; and the early illustrations of St. Nicholas , the God-man of the modern era , as he was conceived by the 19th - century cartoonist Thomas Nast , whose hatch - work drawing style and piercing insolence have been major influences on Crumb .
Working almost exclusively on this mammoth project for five years , Crumb has rendered the entirety of Genesis in comics panels .
“ The first book of the Bible graphically depicted !
Nothing left out ! ” brags a banner on the cover .
This is scarcely the first time the Bible has been adapted to comics pages , of course .
In the first decade of the comic - book business , the man who claimed to have invented the medium , M. C. Gaines , founded a whole company on a line of “ Picture Stories From the Bible . ”
( When he died suddenly , his young son , William M. Gaines , inherited the company , and in a 20th - century case study in the enduring vagaries of primogeniture , the son discontinued the Bible strips and started publishing lurid , spicy crime and horror comics . )
The Catholic Church , which once opposed comics vigorously and , for a time in the 1940s , sponsored public burnings of comics at parochial schools , recognized the form ’s appeal to young people and took to publishing its own comics adapted mostly from the New Testament .
For the most part , the idea of Bible comics was to simplify and clean up the text for children , reducing the cryptic , sometimes dark poetry of the Scripture to juvenilia .
Image Credit ... From “ The Book of Genesis ”
Crumb ’s is a Genesis for adults — indeed , for adults only , as one might and should expect from an artist whose importance is rooted in his ability to give vivid form to taboos of the imagination with unapologetic bluntness and extravagant explicitness .
The prospect of Crumb ’s doing the Bible might seem at first a stunt , an all - too - obvious mash - up of the most sacred and the most profane .
When I heard about it , I thought immediately of Norman Mailer ’s “ Gospel According to the Son , ” a fictive memoir by Jesus — and an agent ’s pitch passing for a novel .
Crumb ’s book is serious and , for Crumb , restrained .
He resists the temptation to go all - out Crumb on us and exaggerate the sordidness , the primitivism and the outright strangeness ( by contemporary standards ) of parts of the text .
What is Genesis about , after all , but resisting temptation ?
The controversial action by Comcast escalated a fight with consumer groups , which want the government to draw up rules prohibiting such an action .
The net neutrality regulations now under consideration by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) are favored by Democrats in Congress .
But Comcast fiercely opposes them , and Roberts on Wednesday said they would create a “ bad cloud . ”
“ Wall Street will pull capital spending ” for Comcast , he said , echoing Republicans ’ fears that FCC intervention will get in the way of investments for bigger , faster broadband networks .
“ You ’re regulated before you ’ve even invented . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Comcast action with BitTorrent also led the FCC to order the company to stop interfering with Internet traffic .
Comcast challenged the FCC in court , and judges earlier this month questioned the FCC 's authority to sanction Comcast .
“ We do n’t block websites and we do n’t do anything to not have an open and free Internet , ” Roberts said , adding that broadband service is the fastest - growing area of the company ’s business .
“ In this space , there ’s nothing prohibiting Apple or Google from doing whatever they want , ” he said .
“ The Internet is still growing at 50 to 60 percent a year .
It ’s an explosion and none of us want to get in the way of that innovation . ”
It ’s not about “ sorry ” anymore .
Even before the Wall Street titans were sworn in last week , it appeared as if the goal of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission ’s chair , Californian Phil Angelides , was to wring an apology from the men whose companies led the nation into an economic abyss .
Whereas most Americans , let me venture , would like to wring their necks .
About twenty - five years ago , I wrote about “ inseki jishoku , ” the Japanese tradition of accepting responsibility for one ’s actions and resigning one ’s position as penitence .
“ These social balancing mechanisms are powerfully ingrained within the Japanese culture .
In business activity , they create by necessity a ‘ state of intimacy ’ among management and employees , ” William Ouchi , a management expert , told me at the time .
I suggested that there would be less corporate crime in this country if American CEOs embraced a similar approach .
That never happened .
So what would be the point of a symbolic apology from the titans of the Money Industry – assuming they would be willing to offer one ( they tried hard not to , in the event ) ?
No amount of apology is going to salve the grievous wound in the American psyche as the banks ’ profits and bonuses break records .
Like most Americans , I am having a hard time getting my head around how these companies can claim to be earning a “ profit ” and their executives billions of dollars in extra compensation after American taxpayers were forced to pitch in trillions of dollars to keep the companies afloat .
The truth is that they were able to get away with it because no one in Washington ever imposed any kind of quid pro quo for the bailout .
No cap on the exorbitant interest rates we now pay to borrow our own money from the credit card companies , for example .
No relief for people trying to keep up with their mortgages and pay the rest of the bills .
If symbolism is what this is all about , I say we ’ve moved beyond the “ apology ” stage .
How about sending some of these people to jail for twenty years ?
Or is it “ legal ” to destroy an economy and cost Americans their life savings and jobs ?
I had hoped the Angelides investigation would be the beginning of an intensive investigation that , like the Watergate hearings , would lead to holding people criminally accountable for their actions .
Not so far , at least .
As I watched the politicians and the leaders of Goldman Sachs , Chase and Bank of America sashay around an apology at the witness table , it reminded me of a scene from the Empire Strikes Back .
Han Solo and the Millenium Falcon have just managed to elude Darth Vader ’s entire fleet of starships .
Informed that Vader wants an update on the search , Captain Needa replies , “ I shall assume full responsibility for losing them , and apologize to Lord Vader . ”
Vader , using the Force , strangles him .
“ Apology accepted , Captain Needa . ”
Email filtering company Red Condor has been intercepting an email phishing attack that ’s spreading faked Outlook alerts at a phenomenal rate .
More on that below .
But first let ’s take this to the 30,000 foot level .
This Outlook ruse is most likelyÃ‚Â beingÃ‚Â conducted by attackers using a Do - It - Yourself malware kit that has amazing functionality , which anybody can buy right now for less than a grand .
Over the course of 2009 , DIY malware kits proliferated to the point where anyone with $ 400 to $ 700 to spend can todayÃ‚Â buy amazingly powerful , versatile technology .
A typical kit comesÃ‚Â complete with everything you need to instantly launch a sophisticated phishing campaign and / or create a starter botnet of your very own .
“ If you know how to download music or a movie online you have the necessary experience to download and begin using one of these DIY malware kits , ” says Gunter Ollman , senior researcher at Damballa .
“ These tools have been dumbed down and made more useable , so anyone can set up and get going . ”
These tool kits are truly turnkey .
They come with phishing templates , banking Trojan and botnet management interfaces .
And you can easily customize and upgrade with a wide array of plug-ins .
You can choose to keep it simple : spread banking Trojans via phishing campaigns and Web site drive - by downloads .
Or you can create your own botnet and rent it out for the spreading of spam and scareware .
The most popular kits at the moment are built around the ZeuS botnet management and banking Trojan tool created by hacker A - Z , who I wrote about in this investigative report .
A - Z for all intents and purposes has lost control of the core intellectual property he created ; his brainchild has been pirated many times over .
With ZeuS - based kits , like the one shown above , you typically get “ all the components you need to remotely infect , control , manage and propogate ” cyber infections and cyber attack campaigns , says Ollman .
Perfectly legal to develop malware kits
Part of the reason DIY kits have taken off in popularity is that developers are taking the stance that creating and selling DIY malware kits is perfectly legal .
Kit development activity is taking off in Spain , Romania and North America , says Ollman .
It is illegal is if youÃ‚Â use aÃ‚Â DIY kit to hack into computers you do n’t own .
The wider availability of tools has driven up the wider use of tools .
Meanwhile , since there ’s money to be made into spreading pharm spam and scareware promos , as well asÃ‚Â breaking into online accounts , demand for DIY kits is robust .
One measure of the escalation of use of DIY malware kits comes from App River .
The email security firm says it blocked emails carrying links to malware at the rate of 25 million per month early in 2009 , but by November the rate had spike to over 200 million per month .
Early in the year , DIY kit - generated emails flowed in a predicable pattern coming from predictable groups and geographies , says Fred Touchette , App River senior researcher .
By November , tainted emails were coming from hundreds of sources all over the globe , and the sophistication of the attack began to vary : from crude text messages to somewhat sophisticated ruses with nice graphics .
“ With the wider availability of these customizable malware kits that anyone can get a hold of and use , we ’re seeing virus numbers really spike , coming from all different directions , ” says Touchette .
The faked Outlook alert Red Condor began intercepting on Thursday is unique as to the frequency with which it is being blasted out across the Internet — and the efficiency with which it automatically customizes each message to improve the odds of fooling the recipient .
The end game : trick the target into clicking on a link that will implant the banking Trojan .
“ The attack has hit thousands of Red Condor ’s customer domains , ” says Red Condor researcher Brien Voorhees .
“ There does n’t appear to be any discrimination .
My personal domain was targeted and it looks like most of our other employees ’ personal domains were hit as well . ”
By noon Pacific time on Friday Red Condor had blocked well over a million of these messages , an indicator of a massive spam campaign , originating from a large botnet under control of the attackers .
“ Certainly if you look at the volume of the attacks , it would be fair to attribute the spike to the readily available malware kits , ” says Voorhees .
“ If you look at the types of attacks during the past year , it is clear that many are focused on taking advantage of the casual way that people use email and the Internet today , particularly when it comes to social media . ”
Thus this latest Outlook attack is the most recent iteration of a distinctive type of phishing attack that took shape over the course of 2009 .
Earlier attacks used ruses referencing UPS shipping documents , IRS notices , Vonage account updates , H1N1 alerts and Facebook account updates to get recipients to click on a tainted Web link .
Most often , the malicious link also turns the infected machine into a bot under control of the attacker .
“ The fact that average Joes are now armed with automated malware distribution systems certainly raises an eyebrow , but probably should not surprise anyone , ” says Voorhees .
Marc Rossi , Symantec ’s manager of research and development , says established cyber gangs are probably also benefiting from heated competition to refine and market DIY malware kits .
Ã‚Â “ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s possible that the people creating and selling these kits may be the same groups already profiting from cybercrime , and they could see this as yet another revenue stream , ” says Rossi .
“ The popularity of the kits likely comes from people seeing how much money someone like Albert Gonzales made through online crime . ”
Observes Rossi : Newer cyber criminals using powerful DIY kits ” may think that by only doing it on a smaller scale that theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re less likely to get caught .
Ã‚Â But it ’sÃ‚Â difficult to ascribe motivation . ”
January 8th , 2010 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
Have you ever walked in to a shop , taken one look at the gorgeous assistant wearing the clothes you were about to try on and quickly decided to leave ?
Apparently if you 're a woman you 're not alone .
Research from the University of South Australia may give retailers cause to rethink their strategy of hiring good - looking young women as sales staff .
PhD researcher Bianca Price decided to investigate , after being intimidated while she was out shopping .
Her findings were published in the Journal of International Business and Economics .
This interview was first broadcast on 13/8/2009 .
Barefoot Running Sandals give you the fun of running , the freedom of bare feet , and the protection you may need .
mushroom image by Pali A from Fotolia.com
Growing and caring for mushrooms can be a time - consuming task , but very rewarding .
The lion 's mane mushroom , also known as hericium americanum , is an edible mushroom that is commonly sought after by chefs because of its strong flavor resemblance to lobster meat .
Easily identified by their snowy - white pom-pom like growth , these mushrooms can be found hanging from logs and rock faces in very damp locations .
By following these simple steps , you can grow lion 's mane mushrooms in your backyard with a few simple materials .
Cut a log using your chain saw , which measures between 12 and 16 inches in diameter .
You can cut more than one log , depending on the amount of mushrooms that you intend to grow .
Drill holes into your log(s ) using your power drill and 5/16 - inch drill bit .
The holes should be drilled 2 and 4 inches in depth and 3 to 5 inches apart .
Drill the holes in an oval or diamond shaped pattern .
Repeat this process as many times as possible on the upward face and sides of the log(s ) , but not on the bottom .
Growing and caring for mushrooms can be a time - consuming task , but very rewarding .
Cut a log using your chain saw , which measures between 12 and 16 inches in diameter .
Place the mushroom spawn plug(s ) into each drilled hole by use of the rubber mallet .
Do not use a regular heavyweight hammer .
The metal hammer could damage the mushroom spawn plugs .
You can purchase these mushroom spawn plugs from a garden specialty store or an online mushroom supplier .
Heat the beeswax until it has melted into a liquid state .
Brush the melted beeswax over each inserted mushroom spawn plug using your foam craft brush .
The beeswax coating will protect the mushroom spawn plug(s ) from weather , insects parasites .
Place the mushroom spawn plug(s ) into each drilled hole by use of the rubber mallet .
Place the logs you have prepared with the wax coating and mushroom spawn plugs in a damp , shady area .
These conditions will allow the mushrooms to sprout and grow in their natural environment .
During the first month of launching a website , you can make use of 2018 HostGator coupons .
The coupon ensures that you get a great discount that will reduce your expenditure .
You can get the Baby plan option for the first month for a cost of one cent .
You should definitely not waste this offer .
There is also the coupon that gets twenty - five percent off the total cost of the purchases you make .
All these coupons are there to ensure that you use the services of the website hosting Company .
The coupons are easy to use and are available every month .
The coupon discount covers all the packages that the HostGator Company provides .
The company has the Hatchling plan , Baby plan , and Business plan .
There are discounted coupons that can be used with any plan purchased .
All you have to do is to get the coupon and present it when you check out .
This will guarantee that you get good discounts that help you to save money .
The HostGator coupon covers all the packages that the company is selling .
The price range of the packages varies between the three packages .
The packages have had some recent price cuts .
This , including the discounts that come with the packages , makes sure that you get a sweet deal .
The packages are as competitively priced as possible .
You are free to choose the plan that suits all your needs .
You will get a coupon that will discount the price of the plan chosen .
The hosting company offers billing option that is tailor - made to accommodate your needs .
You do not have to worry about getting a coupon that covers your plan .
This is because the HostGator Company has coupons for all the plans that they sell .
The company does this to ensure that you are satisfied with their services .
The market of internet hosting is very competitive .
This is one of the reasons that the company has these discount coupons for you to use .
The HostGator Company has various promotions and discounts for you to take advantage of including HostGator coupon .
If you are just starting out , then you need to research about the coupons .
The reduction in price that the coupons have created has brought a lot of buzz in the hosting industry .
The coupon codes that you will get can be used when checking out .
The coupon discount that you will get ranges from package to package .
The one thing that is undisputable is that you will get to save money .
The purchase you make will be discounted thanks to the coupons .
Making full use of the coupons is a wise decision on your part .
The web hosting company is trying to make life on the World Wide Web as painless as possible .
For those who are looking for a hosting company with top class service , and rock - bottom prices , then they should look at the discounted coupons of the HostGator Company .
Auf Wikileaks sind jetzt Prozessunterlagen zu den Sperr - Verträgen veröffentlicht worden .
Jetzt wurden das Protokoll der Verhandlung in Wiesbaden , der Beschluss und weitere Prozessunterlagen veröffentlicht – das Wichtigste in Kürze :
Danke an Sebastian Raible für die Zusammenfassung und diesen Gastbeitrag
* Die Sperrinfrastruktur steht sowohl bei den Providern als auch
beim BKA : „ » Die Fachabteilung kann jederzeit loslegen « “ .
* Um Inhalte zu löschen , will das BKA per Fax Kontakt zum technischen Ansprechpartner aufnehmen , der für die Domain bei der Registrierung angegeben wurde .
Dann muss die Löschung aber auch erfolgen , sonst müsse man „ » davon ausgehen , dass hier strafbares Handeln gewollt ist« “ .
* Das BKA ist dabei , durch Hinweise , eigene Recherchen und andere Quellen eine Sammlung von Adressen für die künftige Sperrliste aufzubauen .
* Die Adressen auf den Sperrlisten will das BKA nach eigenem Bekunden „ » täglich neu evaluieren « „ .
Lange Fassung : Sperrinfrastruktur steht
Dass die Sperrinfrastruktur bei den Providern schon seit längerem steht , war gerüchteweise bekannt .
Auch konnte man davon ausgehen , dass zumindest Arcor entsprechende Techniken bereits aufgebaut hatte .
Arcor hatte im September 2007 Porno - Seiten gesperrt .
Später fiel dann auf , dass bei der Sperrung auf IP - Adress - Ebene etwa 3 Millionen Domains unbeteiligter Dritter gesperrt wurden .
Durch das Protokoll ist jetzt bekannt , dass die Umsetzung der Sperren innerhalb kurzer Zeit erfolgen kann – laut Anwältin Eva Dworschak , die den Webhoster Julian Kornberger vertrat , „ » innerhalb von zwei Minuten « “ .
Eine Liste der Kunden ?!
Für das nächste Jahr verweist das Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) auf die Vereinbarungen im Koalitionsvereinbarung .
Deutsche Server - Betreiber will das BKA über den technischen Ansprechpartner , der im Whois der Domain vermerkt ist , per Fax auf beanstandete Inhalte hinweisen .
Sollte der aber „ » nicht zeitnah [ reagieren ] , würden wir erneut versuchen , mit [ diesem ] in Kontakt zu treten .
Für den Fall , dass keine entsprechende Reaktion erfolgt [… ] , müssten wir als BKA davon ausgehen , dass hier strafbares Handeln gewollt ist mit der Folge , dass über die örtlichen Dienststellen ein entsprechendes Verfahren eingeleitet wird . « “
Befindet sich der Server im Ausland , schaut das BKA aber ebenfalls im Whois nach , ob Bezug zu einem deutschen Betreiber zu erkennen ist .
Dann wird dieser ebenfalls kontaktiert .
Für den Fall , dass ein deutscher Betreiber Server im Ausland betreibe , im Domain - Whois aber nicht als technischer Kontakt aufgeführt ist , schlägt das BKA vor : „ » dass ein entsprechender Hostbetreiber [ … ] dann kontaktiert werden könnte , wenn dieser sich beim BKA mit den entsprechenden Daten im Vorfeld gemeldet hat . « “
Mit anderen Worten :
Um zu vermeiden , in den Fokus der Ermittlungen zu geraten , muss Herr Kornberger lediglich all seine Kunden beim BKA registrieren .
Der eklatante Eingriff in Kornbergers Grundrechte und die seiner Kunden muss dem Herrn vom BKA entgangen sein .
Verfahren ruht , Sperr - Verträge weiter geheim
Den Ausgang hatte das Verfahren darin , dass Arcor im Juli telefonisch versichert hatte , die Internet - Sperren bereits umgesetzt zu haben .
Zu Anfang der Verhandlung hatte das BKA ein Schriftstück des Innenministeriums ( BMI ) vorgelegt :
„ im Bezug auf die vorgesehene Zugangserschwerung zu kinderpornographischen Inhalten im Internet auf vertraglicher Grundlage bitte ich nochmals darum , * den Wirkbetrieb nicht aufzunehmen und
* keine Sperrlisten an Internet Provider zu übersenden . “
Diese Anweisung gab für das Gericht den Ausschlag , das Feststellungsinteresse für das Hauptsacheverfahren als nicht gegeben anzusehen – obwohl sie lediglich als Bitte formuliert ist .
Außerdem hatte das BKA mündlich versichert , beim Aufbau der Sperr - Infrastruktur mit Testdaten gearbeitet zu haben , die im Intranet getestet worden seien .
Nur im Hauptsacheverfahren hätte die Herausgabe der Sperr - Verträge erwirkt und deren Annulierung erwirkt werden können .
Jederzeit loslegen
Da die Sperr - Verträge somit weiterhin in Kraft sind , hängt es nur von den Anweisungen der Bundesregierung ab , ob sie doch noch zum Einsatz kommen werden .
Was die Ausführungen des BKA angeht , es würde zunächst mehrfach die Serverbetreiber anschreiben , um eine Löschung der Inhalte zu erwirken , ist doch zumindest fraglich , ob diese Aussage in der Realität der Strafverfolgung haltbar ist :
In einem laufenden Ermittlungsverfahren käme dies einer Aufforderung gleich , doch bitte sämtliche Beweise zu vernichten .
Mehr Infos dazu hat auch der AK - Zensur .
Zur Einordnung passt auch unser Artikel vom 16 .
Oktober : Zensursula : Post vom BKA , Vodafone und Kabel Deutschland .
Mitmachen : Spende gegen die Internet - Zensur
Der CCC Bremen unterstützt finanziell die Verfahren gegen die Netz - Sperr - Verträge , sowie gegen das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz .
Für Zweckgebundene Spenden nennen
Sie bitte als Verwendungszweck der Überweisung : Verwendungszweck : ZENSURSULA .
Spenden sind von der Steuer absetzbar .
Mehr Infos finden sich beim CCC Bremen .
No two snowflakes alike ?
Scientists say no two snowflakes are alike .
Apparently , designers have their own opinion .
From holiday storefronts to ski chalet logos , it seems this six - sided shape can be seen everywhere this time of year .
Even spotted on the back of my cancelled airline ticket ( thanks the weekend snowstorm in New York ) , this flake sure gets around .
But why ?
If Wilson Alwyn Bentley was able to capture over 5,000 unique “ tiny miracles of beauty ” at the turn of the 20th century — is there any reason designers favor this particular snowflake ?
The most popular snowflake in the world
The simplified snowflake can be traced back to German typographer Hermann Zapf .
Working with the International Typeface Corporation ( ITC ) in 1977 , Zapf designed a collection of useful symbols , ornaments , and typographic elements , well known today as ITC Zapf Dingbats .
Spreading like frost in a blizzard , Zapf Dingbats became the de facto dingbat typeface over the following decades , giving typesetters access to commonly used symbols like arrows , pointing fingers , telephone icons , and ( of course ) snowflakes .
Zapf ’s snowflake along with the lesson known ‘ tight trifoliate snowflake ’ and ‘ heavy chevron snowflake , ’ released 1978 .
It has been noted over one thousand sketches were originally created for Zapf Dingbats , although only 360 made ITC ’s final cut .
Three snowflakes made the cut , and it ’s clear which one became the favorite .
Recently , Linotype released an expanded and updated collection based on Zapf ’s work called Zapf Essentials .
The Arial of snowflakes
In 1990 the snowflake was born again in Microsoft ’s Wingdings typeface , with a nearly identical glyph to the one made popular in Zapf Dingbats .
Windings ( 1990 ) shown in red and Zapf Dingbats ( 1978 ) overlaid in blue .
Included with Windows since version 3.1 , Wingdings was pieced together using three symbol typefaces originally designed by Charles Bigelow and Kris Holmes for the Lucida family : Lucida Icons , Arrows , and Stars .
The three Lucida fonts were purchased by Microsoft who did little more than remap the keyboard layouts ( with controversy ) and change its name .
Microsoft ’s Wingdings symbol font is not a part of the Lucida family , though it was designed by Bigelow & Holmes to harmonize with the Lucida alphabetic fonts .
From the traditional pen and pencil to computer mice ( including the Microsoft Mouse and Ballpoint ) , and from pointing hands to computer disks and tapes , Wingdings offers a large set of icons , pictograms , and symbols for a wide range of functional and decorative uses …
— Bigelow & Holmes , Lucida Family Overview
Due to its inclusion on Windows ( and even Mac OS X since 10.5 ) , Wingdings remains one of the most popular modern dingbat fonts .
Snowflakes in Unicode
A selection of classic Zapf Dingbats have also been immortalized in Unicode , an international character set which makes it possible to use glyphs from any language .
As the world moves to Unicode , snowflakes ( ❄ ) can now be found in several Unicode fonts .
Although many type designers replicate Zapf ’s iconic snowflake , it ’s a nice to surprise to see some occasional variation .
Arial Unicode MS , 1998 .
It ’s snowing everywhere
Variations of Zapf ’s icon can be seen everywhere .
Sometimes bold or rounded , it always stands out :
Above : Snow Patrol ’s Up to Now , Miracle on 34th Street DVD menu , Snowdays logo , Alice in Wonderland storefront display , Deepfreeze logo for The European Van Company , Mickey Mouse Christmas ornament , holiday display at Saks Fifth Avenue , Smith Ski logo , Snow Route sign in Ohio .
By now , the icon has become so recognizable , it feels more like The Helvetica Man than a graphical element — making it perfectly suitable for a ‘ Snow Route ’ sign but rather strange on Saks Fifth Avenue storefront .
Sure , it ’s easy to use Zapf ’s icon for everything … but with infinite possibilities , is it always the best choice ?
When you are defending former Blackwater security contractors accused of shooting unarmed Iraqi civilians , naturally it takes a lot of words to explain your side of things .
But in an apparent attempt to submit a longer filing than would be allowed , the attorneys single - spaced their document .
U.S. District Judge Richard Urbina was not pleased .
He issued a notice saying that any future failure to meet the court 's filing requirments would result in sanctions .
The judge could have stricken the pleading , but did not do so , he said , due to the " nature " of the case and the " proximity to trial . "
So , come to think of it , they got away with it .
You never want to anger a judge , but maybe the lesson is risking over - submission JUST ONE TIME could be without consequence .
On the other hand , if your filing gets kicked back , you 've got no one to blame but yourself .
Or , more likely , your associate .
The Washington Post Crime Scene blog covered it here .
The ABA Journal noted it here .
The court heard Donovan was wearing a ninja mask and armed with a sword A man who attacked two community wardens in Glasgow with a samurai sword has been jailed for four years .
Darryl Donovan , 20 , admitted assaulting Ray Young and Brian Innes as they sat in their van outside a derelict school in Castlemilk .
The court heard Donovan jumped out of bushes wearing a ninja mask and wielding the sword .
Sentencing him Judge Sean Murphy QC said he had carried out " terrifying assaults in the dark " .
At an earlier hearing the High Court in Glasgow was told that Mr Young , 55 , and Mr Innes , 59 , had been in their work 's van outside the former St Fillan 's primary school around midnight on 28 June while waiting for a joiner to repair broken windows .
Donovan stormed towards them and hit the front windscreen of the van .
He then broke the passenger window and struck Mr Innes on the left side of his body seven or eight times .
He remembers little of the incident and can offer no sensible reason
Jim Wallace
Defence counsel Mr Innes managed to scramble into the back of the van before Donovan turned on his colleague .
He smashed the driver 's window and struck Mr Young three times on the hands .
Mr Young managed to reverse the vehicle away from the scene .
Both men were later treated at hospital with Mr Young requiring surgery to both hands .
The court heard how he was left scarred for life while Mr Innes was only saved from more serious injury due to his thick jacket .
Donovan was arrested in a raid on his home on 1 August , and the sword and mask were seized .
The court was told that he had previous convictions for assault and carrying an offensive weapon .
Jim Wallace , defending , said he had rarely seen such an expression of remorse from an accused .
Mr Wallace added : " He remembers little of the incident and can offer no sensible reason . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ready to get started ?
Have a question ?
I would love to hear from you - E-mail Me !
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
I have recently become very annoyed by criticism of my post on dorms vs. the CPI .
All sorts of people point out that I did not do justice to David Johnston ’s work on inequality .
Of course that is correct , as my post had nothing to do with David Johnston ’s work on inequality .
It was about the CPI , nothing more or less .
I do n’t recall even mentioning the word ‘ inequality ’ in the post .
For those new to the blogosphere , let me explain how things work here .
When I or any other blogger excerpts a paragraph from a book or article , we are under no obligation to give a fair and balanced review to the entire work .
Rather , we are free to simply discuss whatever issue catches our fancy .
I do n’t know how many times I have read people argue that real incomes have n’t risen since 1973 , maybe 100 times .
While reading Thoma ’s blog I saw another example , and thought it would be a good opportunity to discuss this topic .
I had no interest in anything else Johnston said , and I could have picked a similar quotation from a 100 other authors .
My blog post did not criticize any aspect of Johnston ’s research outside the specific factual claim in that paragraph .
Will someone please explain how I treated him unfairly ?
Here is a comment left by Johnston in my comment section :
As the author of the words that set off the post above , may I suggest that it pays to read in context and to not take a snippet out of context when drawing conclusions .
How curious to read some of the words here when my book PERFECTLY LEGAL says near the start that while wages have been flat many prices have gone down , citing color televisions among other examples .
But the Tax Notes column from which this one paragraph was lifted was not about that issue .
The column was about the relative changes in incomes and taxes 1961 to 2006 .
It was about whether our tax system is creating wealth or concentrating it , whether it is undermining our society or building stability .
The end point was this : the net worth of the middle third of households whose head is under 50 is a smaller net worth today than in 1983 .
Since I have more comments today than I have ever had , I do n’t have time to read his Tax Notes paper , nor am I an expert on the issue of income inequality .
But since he asked , I decided to at least take another look at the long excerpt provided in Thoma ’s blog .
And look what I found :
America grew and grew during this era [ 1961 -2006 ] .
GDP , adjusted for inflation and increased population , was up 227 percent .
But wages and fringe benefits did not grow with the economy .
For most workers , they fell .
Wages peaked way back in 1972 - 1973 , were on a mostly flat trajectory for more than two decades , rose briefly in the late 1990s , and then fell sharply in the new century .
…
Millions are out of work , and the jobs they once held are … not coming back .
And even if the Great Recession is coming to an end , we face years of jobs growing more slowly than the working - age population , which could radically transform America ’s culture , work ethic , and sense of progress .
Notice the sleight of hand here .
I do not specialize in this area , but almost any economist would immediately recognize the attempt to confuse the reader by comparing real GDP and real wages .
You are supposed to think “ Wow , the size of the pie rose 227 % , but the average worker is no better off .
All the gains must have gone to the fat cats , or to more people having to work . ”
But comparing these two series is comparing apples and oranges .
Again , I do n’t know precisely how Johnston constructed his data , but since he seems to have used IRS tax data , it appears that the wages may exclude fringe benefits .
One reason why wage growth has been so slow is that fringe benefits have become an increasingly large share of total compensation .
Furthermore , there is the question of the proper deflator .
That paragraph would only be valid if both nominal series were deflated by the same deflator .
But let ’s suppose nominal wages were deflated by the CPI , and NGDP was deflated by the GDP deflator .
In that case real wage growth would appear lower than real GDP growth , even if they were actually the same .
Again , I do n’t know exactly which techniques he used , but I am certain the gap would not have been that large if comparing apples with apples .
Here ’s one reason I do n’t like using tax data .
Suppose in 2009 a worker reports wage income of $ 46,000 .
Also suppose an investor sold stocks that had been bought in 1976 for $ 1 billion dollars and are now worth $ 3 billion .
For simplicity , assume the price level also tripled during that period .
In that case the government statistics would show that the worker earned $ 46,000 and the investor earned $ 2 billion .
But the worker actually made more in real terms ; $ 46,000 vs. zero for the investor ( in constant 2009 dollars . )
I ’d say that creates a slight bias in government income distribution data .
Let ’s continue :
In 2006 families worked on average about 900 more hours than families did in the 1960s and early 1970s .
That is a roughly 45 percent increase in hours worked …
For many , the reality is that two jobs produce the same or a smaller after - tax income than just one job did three and four decades ago . …
Again , I am not an expert here , but I am pretty sure that people like Fogel would contest this conclusion .
Modern jobs are often different from jobs of yesteryear .
You ca n’t compare working 40 hours in a coal mine to 40 hours in an office job were you can occasionally surf the web or take a coffee break .
And I recall my mother doing a lot of chores back in the 1960s ( like washing diapers and hanging clothes out on the clothes line ) that are not done today .
So part of that 900 hours is offset by fewer hours worked as homemaker .
I really do n’t think men work even as hard as they did when I was young .
Women probably work a bit harder , but nowhere near as much as those number suggest .
And remember that the numbers are skewed as people shift non-market activities into the market .
Growth in child care is obviously a huge bias , but also I recall that men did all the outside work when I was young .
Now people often hire others to paint houses , move furniture , cut grass , rake leaves , etc .
When I was a teenager I did all of these jobs for money :
Newspaper route ( 3 years )
Helped people move
Painted houses
Raked leaves
Shoveled snow
Cut grass
But none of that labor was reported to the government .
Now it ’s hard to get teenagers to do this work for you .
I am told they are too affluent now , off at summer camp or visiting Europe .
Again , I think Fogel has some data on how people actually spend their time .
Vacations , TV , internet , softball , etc .
And I seem to recall leisure is actually rising .
Maybe someone can dig up the study .
Johnston continues . . .
During the 45 years starting in 1961 , payroll taxes have gone from a minor levy to almost a sixth of wages for the bottom 90 percent of American households .
This $ 760 in income tax savings that the average taxpayer enjoyed in 2006 was taken back , and more , by the increased tax rates for Social Security and Medicare .
Those rates rose from 3 percent withheld from pay in 1961 to 7.65 percent in 2006 .
Not all income is from wages , of course , but those higher payroll taxes wiped out the seeming reduction in the income tax and more . …
And at the top ?
Now , that ’s a different story .
The average income for the top 400 taxpayers rose over the 45 years from $ 13.7 million to $ 263.3 million .
That is 19.3 times more .
Hmmm . . .
The data is from the IRS .
In 1961 the top rate was around 90 % .
So are we supposed to be surprised that in 1961 not a lot of billionaires came up to Uncle Sam and said “ Look , I just earned $ 200 million , please take 90 % of it . ”
When the top rate fell sharply in 1986 , the reported income of the rich mysteriously soared the next year .
I wonder why ?
And it is n’t just people on the left ; the right also distorts the numbers .
One of my favorite examples involves deception on both sides ( here I am no longer discussing Johnston . )
The left likes to point to the huge gap in income between the top 20 % and the bottom 20 % .
The right likes to point out that a significant share of people in the bottom 20 % at one point in time , make it all the way to the top 20 % a couple decades later .
No s**t !
That happened to me and I think I am a pretty typical upper middle class professional .
Between age 18 - 25 I was in the bottom 20 % and in recent years I have rising to the top 20 % .
It ’s called a life cycle .
So when someone like Krugman compares incomes in the different quintiles he is often just comparing the same basic type of person at different stages of their life .
And when a right - winger talks about all the Horatio Algiers stories of rags to riches , he is often talking about an investment banker who picked up a few bucks in college with a part time job .
The bottom line ?
Do n’t look to government data for answers to complex social issues like inequality .
There are no secrets to be revealed .
Open your eyes and look around you to see how people live .
I dated a girl in college whose dad made $ 7,000 as a small town janitor , and was raising a family of 6 on only that income .
At the same time you might have had a recent college grad working at a Border ’s bookstore as a clerk for a year , also making $ 7,000 .
What do those people have in common ?
Nothing .
I have traveled around a lot over my life , and met people from all income classes .
I have observed how people live .
And it seems obvious to me that the rich are much better off than in 1973 .
And it also seems obvious that the middle class are singnificantly better off than in 1973 .
And it seems obvious that the poor are significantly better off than in 1973 .
Are there people worse off ?
Sure .
Are there job classes that are worse off ?
Again the answer is yes .
If a meatpacking plant broke the union and replaced $ 20 / hour American - born workers with $ 10 / hour recent immigrants from Mexico , then the workers at that plant have a lower living standard than the old workers did .
But also remember that the children of those Iowa meatpacking workers often went to college and raised their living standards , and the Mexican workers often have a higher living standard than they did in Mexico .
So things are getting better .
Sorry for rambling on so long .
PS , I agree with Johnston that low net wealth figures are a problem .
Can the left and right come together and support a Singapore - style forced saving plan , perhaps with subsidies for the poor ?
PPS .
One other point about the dorms .
Many people missed my point .
When I was at the UW the dorms were full of people from all sorts of backgrounds ; my girlfriend might have shared a room with the daughter of a doctor or lawyer .
Dorms are the only neighborhoods in America where all classes live together .
It ’s not perfect , college attendance is slightly skewed to the rich , but with a high percentage of Americans now going to college it is the best indicator we have of what people view as a “ normal ” lifestyle .
I was n’t joking at all in that post .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags : income inequality
This entry was posted on January 05th , 2010 and is filed under Misc . .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
HEART specialists have saved the life of an Israeli man who refused to visit a doctor for 64 years - and learnt the terrible secret of his mistrust of the medical profession .
When Yitzchak Ganon , 85 , awoke from the anaesthetic at a hospital near Tel Aviv , he was informed he had only one kidney .
' ' I know , '' he said .
'' The last time I saw the other one , it was pulsating in the hand of a man called Josef Mengele .
He was a doctor too . ''
Mr Ganon revealed to his family why he had never visited a doctor since he was freed from the Auschwitz death camp in January 1945 .
A Greek Jew , he was deported along with his mother , father and five brothers and sisters to Auschwitz in 1944 .
His father died en route , and his mother and siblings were gassed within hours of their arrival .
But he was chosen by Mengele , the infamous Nazi doctor who met every transport that arrived in search of human guinea pigs .
Mengele , known to his victims as the Angel of Death , had him strapped to an operating table .
Two people are dead after a pornographic text message sparked tribal violence in Papua New Guinea 's southern highlands .
The violence flared on Saturday when a young man from the Tapo clan in Tari sent a pornographic text message to a woman in the Pipi clan .
The girl was offended and showed the image to her brother , who gathered his clansmen and attacked the Tapos with home - made guns , bush knives and bows and arrows .
One man was killed in the clash and Superintendent Jimmy Onopia says another man was pulled from a bus and killed with an axe yesterday .
" Two people have died , several have been wounded , several houses have been burnt down , " he said .
Superintendent Onopia says the situation is now calm and police are helping to negotiate a peaceful resolution .
SUNDAY AM WRITETHRU :
It ’s official : 20th Century Fox ’s week - old Avatar fell behind Friday , but was back on top Saturday , and easily beat Warner Bros ’ newcomer Sherlock Holmes for No. 1 this 3 - day Christmas weekend in North American theaters .
As usual , the Hollywood box office experts ( who had predicted this to me last week but I doubted them ) were right on the money .
Avatar ‘s take was $ 23.5 M Friday and $ 28.5M Saturday for the $ 75 M weekend with Sunday ’s estimate .
As for Sherlock Holmes ‘ numbers , the Guy Ritchie directed mystery thriller with Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law made $ 24.8 M Friday and $ 22.5M
Saturday for a slightly less than expected $ 66 M weekend – though Sherlock is playing in 170 more theaters than Avatar , 3,626 vs 3,456 .
The 3D technopic ’s higher ticket prices made up the difference and more .
The contest was n’t even close after Friday looked like a nailbiter , especially after Sherlock consistently was tracking big because of the good word - of - mouth buzz .
Sherlock had the best Christmas Day debut ever ( beating Marley And Me from last year and its Christmas Day single - day debut of $ 14.675M ) .
It ’s also a badly needed hit for producer Joel Silver after studio boss Jeff Robinov took a big chance putting him on the project after all of Joel ’s recent bombs .
Warner Bros domestic grosses crossed $ 2 billion Saturday , breaking the industry record of $ 1.789B set by the studio last year .
And there ’s still more days of holiday play time left to fatten the record .
Updated numbers from overseas for Avatar show James Cameron ’s big budget epic has made at least $ 212.2 M domestic , $ 405 M foreign ( after taking in $ 145 M from 14,844 screens in 108 countries this weekend ) , for a new cume of $ 617 M worldwide .
IMAX broke all its records as the giant format earned $ 12.1 million globally this weekend alone .
Avatar ‘s weekend result comes despite theater closures in many markets on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day .
The film is # 1 in 107 of 108 markets ( # 2 in India , behind a local title ) .
Avatar is already the biggest
Fox title off all - time in Korea , Malaysia , Indonesia , and Vietnam .
Meanwhile , with 2009 total box office already over $ 10.3 billion , Hollywood just keeps breaking records at the box office .
( Though none are adjusted for inflation , ticket prices , etc. )
This was the top grossing weekend of all time as Friday - Saturday - Sunday ( estimated ) looks to make $ 278 M , which easily smashes the previous record of $ 260.8 M held by July 18th - 20th , 2008 when pics like The Dark Knight , Hancock , Mamma Mia , Hellboy 2 , and Journey To The Center Of The Earth , were playing .
The fact that Christmas Day landed on a Friday this year certainly boosted the entire industry since Friday is the second biggest movie - going day of the week .
The total single - day gross for all films on Friday is estimated at a record - breaking $ 91 M , easily besting last year ’s $ 75 M Christmas day single - day Thursday gross .
Asw for other films , Fox ’s Alvin And The Chipmunks : The Squeakquel opened big Wednesday then showed a huge Saturday matinee bounce .
It debuted with a $ 50.2 M weekend and a $ 77 M five - day holiday .
Overseas , Alvin 2 made $ 36.5 M from 6,482 screens in 22 markets .
( That ’s 261 % of the Alvin 1 opening in the same markets . )
Universal ’s battle of the ( s ) exes It ’s Complicated from Nancy Meyers opened Christmas Day with a respectable amount for an adult comedy .
Based on the pattern of her previous films and the weekend ’s heated competition , the studio thought a debut in the high teens was only possible but it managed $ 22.1 M .
The pic received a CinemaScore of “ A - “ .
Exit polling showed the audience was 72 % female , and 75 % over the age of 30 .
Problem is this movie was greenlit for a ridiculous $ 80 M budget by Uni ’s previous management ( Marc Shmuger and David Linde were fired this fall ) so do n’t expect the people in charge now to do handstands , especially after what ’s been a lousy year for the studio .
There was a race for No. 5 between George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
But Paramount ’s expanded release of Up In The Air finished with $ 11.75 M while Warner Bros ’ six - week holdover The Blind Side ended with $ 11.73 M .
The Weinstein Co’s Nine was the miss of this weekend : only $ 5.5 M after expanding into 1,412 theaters when Hollywood was expecting at least $ 9 M .
Seriously , who did Harvey think would see this very sexy ( therefore very heterosexual ) musical ?
Though it grabbed Golden Globe nominations , it ca n’t grab an audience which may hurt it come Oscars .
What a miscalculation , especially when many other TWC films were put on hold to focus on it .
Here ’s the Top 10 :
1. Avatar ( Fox ) Week 2 – Cume $ 212.2M
Wed $ 16.4 M [ 3,456 runs ] , Thurs $ 11.3 M , Fri $ 23.5 M , Sat $ 28.5 M , Wkd $ 75 M
2. Sherlock Holmes ( Warner Bros ) NEW
Fri $ 24.8 M [ 3,626 ] , Sat $ 22.5 M , Wkd $ 65.3 M
3. Alvin & Chipmunks : The Squeakquel ( Fox ) NEW – Cume $ 77 M
Wed $ 19 M [ 3,700 ] , Thurs $ 8 M ( - 57 % ) , Fri $ 14.5 M , Sat $ 20.4 M , Wkd $ 50.2 M
4 . It ’s Complicated ( Universal ) NEW
Fri $ 7.5 M [ 2,886 ] , Sat $ 8.4 M , Wkd $ 22.1M
5. Up In The Air ( Paramount ) Week 4 – Cume $ 24.5 M
Wed $ 1.7M [ 1,895 ] , Thurs $ 1.7 M , Fri $ 3.6 M , Sat $ 4.3 M , Wkd $ 11.75 M
6. Blind Side ( Alcon / Warner Bros ) Week 6 – Cume $ 184.3M
Wed $ 2.2 M [ 2,766 runs ] , Thurs $ 1.5 M , Fri $ 3.3 M , Sat $ 4.3 M , Wkd $ 11.73 M
7. Princess And The Frog ( Disney ) Week 5 – Cume $ 63.3 M
Wed $ 2.4M [ 3,475 runs ] , Thurs $ 1.4 M , Fri $ 2.02 M , Sat $ 3.9 M , Wkd $ 8.6 M
8. Nine ( The Weinstein Co ) Week 2 – Cume $ 5.9 M
Fri $ 2.05 M [ 1,412 ] , Sat $ 1.8 M , Wkd $ 5.5 M
9. Did You Hear About The Morgans ?
( Sony ) Week 2 – Cume $ 15.5 M
Wed $ 1.0 M [ 2,718 ] , Thurs $ 665 K , Fri $ 1.5 M , Sat $ 1.9 M , Wkd $ 5 M
10 . Invictus ( Warner Bros ) Week 3 – Cume $ 23.3 M
Wed $ 800 K [ 2,160 ] , Thurs $ 705 K , Fri $ 1.3 M , Sat $ 1.6 M , Wkd $ 4.3 M
Limited Runs
3 Idiots ( Big Pictures ) NEW – Cume $ 2.1M
Fri $ 655 M [ 120 ] , Sat $ 525 K , Wkd $ 1.6 M
Brothers ( Relativity / Lionsgate ) Week 3 – Cume $ 25.3 M
Fri $ 400 K [ 858 ] , Sat $ 460 K , Wkd $ 1.2M
Precious ( Lionsgate ) Week 8 – Cume $ 41.7M
Fri $ 217 K [ 629 ] , Sat $ 220 K , Wkd $ 830 K
The Young Victoria ( Apparition ) Week 2 – Cume $ 886 K
Fri $ 174 K [ 163 ] , Wkd $ 603 K
The Road ( The Weinstein Co ) Week 5 – Cume $ 5.8 M
Fri $ 120 K [ 311 ] , Sat $ 178 K , Wkd $ 429 K
Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ( Sony Classics ) NEW
Fri $ 117 K [ 43 ] , Wkd $ 129 M
Fantastic Mr. Fox ( Fox ) Week 7 – Cume $ 18.3 M
Fri $ 106 K [ 197 ] , Sat $ 147 K , Wkd $ 365 K
A Single Man ( The Weinstein Co ) Week 3 – Cume $ 891K
Fri $ 96 K [ 46 ] , Sat $ 130 K , Wkd $ 323 K
Crazy Heart ( Fox Searchlight ) Week 2 – Cume $ 320 K
Fri $ 54 K [ 12 ] , Sat $ 55.1 K , Wkd $ 156 K
Lovely Bones ( Paramount ) Week 3 – Cume $ 273 K
Fri $ 13 K [ 3 ] , Sat $ 14 K , Wkd $ 38 K
A very large , 30 - year study of just about everyone in Scandinavia shows no link between mobile phone use and brain tumours , researchers reported on Thursday .
Even though mobile telephone use soared in the 1990s and afterward , brain tumours did not become any more common during this time , the researchers reported in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
Some activist groups and a few researchers have raised concerns about a link between mobile phones and several kinds of cancer , including brain tumours , although years of research have failed to establish a connection .
" We did not detect any clear change in the long - term time trends in the incidence of brain tumours from 1998 to 2003 in any subgroup , " Isabelle Deltour of the Danish Cancer Society and colleagues wrote .
Deltour 's team analysed annual incidence rates of two types of brain tumour -- glioma and meningioma -- among adults aged 20 to 79 from Denmark , Finland , Norway , and Sweden from 1974 to 2003 .
These countries all have good cancer registries that keep a tally of known cancer cases .
Opinion
Op-Ed
Bin Laden to U.S. : " Drop Israel , Let's Talk "
U.S. soldiers stand to attention during a ceremony at Camp Eggers in Kabul on Sept. 11 in remembrance of the victims of the 9/11 terror attacks in New York and Washington in 2001 .
( Photo : Shah Marai / AFP - Getty Images )
In a 12 - minute address on audiotape , al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden spoke to the American people on the 8th anniversary of 9/11 .
The tape was produced by the as - Sahab propaganda arm of the terror group and posted on various jihadist forums last night .
His address ( assuming it is his voice on the tape ) , directed " to the American people , " asserted that the main reason for the al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 , was U.S. support for Israel as well as " some other injustices . "
Interestingly , bin Laden claimed the war between the two " nations " ( i.e the American nation and the Islamic " Umma " ) can stop if the White House eliminates what he called the " Israel lobby . "
He accused Israel of pushing for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Note that in this speech he did not mention the battlefields of Afghanistan , Iraq , Somalia or Chechnya ; he targeted only U.S. - Israeli relations .
He began by insisting that Americans need to know the real causes for this war " which is costing you dearly in blood and wealth .
The White House convinced you that this War [ on Terror ] is necessary for your security . "
Bin Laden was referring mainly to Bush 's War on Terror , but could also have been referring to what the Obama administration has recently called the " war of necessity . "
Bin Laden asked Americans to hear " both sides " ( a concept taken from American political discourse and rarely referred to in jihadist literature ) .
While over - emphasizing the Israel factor — something unusual for him — bin Laden told his audience that for two decades he had claimed that the main cause for his attacks was " America 's support to its allies the Israelis . "
He added that there were also other injustices caused by the U.S. but refrained from citing them .
Such an over - assertion is new in the al Qaeda narrative , for in most of bin Laden 's previous speeches , including his declarations of war of 1996 and 1998 , Israel was listed as only one and not the main root cause of the terror he unleashed .
His speeches during the fall of 2001 focused on the " evil nature " of American policies rather than on the country 's support for Israel .
Bin Laden went on to say that " our two Umma , " meaning America and the Muslim world , " are both victims " of one aggressor : those " who control the White House , particularly the Israel lobby and the multinational corporations . "
He endorsed two books for Americans to understand how these lobbies control the White House — " a book by a former C.I.A. agent who apologized for his crimes as a hit man , " which most likely is John Perkins 's " Confessions of an Economic Hit Man , " and another book called " The Israel Lobby " by professors John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt .
He claimed that these two books " will give you the truth . "
Bin Laden also praised President Obama for having " admitted at last in his speech in Cairo the existence of our people 's miseries . "
He also praised " former President Carter 's statements about the Palestinians during his last visit in Gaza , and particularly his statements on Israel 's racism .
" Those who are stating from the White House that the war in Afghanistan is one of necessity are like Bush ; they represent the interests of the corporations . "
He declared that the authors of such statements are the ones responsible for the war , not the Mujahideen .
" The White House is occupied by pressure groups , " he said .
" You Americans should liberate the White House from these groups instead of liberating Iraq . "
Pushing the drama , bin Laden added that " any leader of the White House is set on tracks he can't leave .
This president has become like a train set to move in a particular direction .
He must accept these pressures otherwise his fate could be like President Kennedy 's or his brother . "
He called on Americans " to free themselves from the intellectual terror of the neo-cons and the Israel lobby . "
He asked them to review their alliance with Israel .
" Is your security and well - being worth sacrificing for Israel 's security ? "
He added that polls show that Americans are opposed to wars and thus they must act against those " who threaten our security , " meaning Israel .
Then he made an offer .
" We are ready to accept talking about ending this war . "
However , he believes that President Obama wo n't be able to meet that challenge .
" Obama is a mustad ' aaf . "
In some of the media analysis in English the term was translated automatically as " Obama is weak . "
But that translation is not accurate .
" Mustdaa'f " here means " victimized " or forced to act against his original intentions .
" He maintained the men of Bush and Cheney in power : Secretary Gates , Admiral Mullen and General Petraeus , " bin Laden said .
" Obama ca n't stop the war with these men in charge .
He should have appointed generals who were against the war like General Sanchez and Admiral Fallon . "
He told Americans that if they can stop the war , " that is fine ; if not , the jihadists will continue this war of attrition as they did with the U.S.S.R. for ten years leading to its collapse . "
This war you are waging " is already lost . "
Bin Laden claimed that his war against the United States led to a major economic crisis and debts , which in turn led to a financial meltdown .
He thus claimed the economic collapse of the U.S. as an act of war set in motion by the jihadists .
At first read , the speech aims to creating confusion among Americans by announcing that the war can really come to an end by accepting al Qaeda 's conditions .
But among the many messages bin Laden is sending , there is also an attempt to create a division within the Obama administration by inciting those he believes are anti-Israel to pressure the American president to curtail the influence of the so - called " Israel lobby " inside the White House .
There is , without a doubt , a shift in al Qaeda 's strategic communications .
Bin Laden 's advisers , some of whom appear to be operating from within the U.S. political culture , have convinced him that it would be strategically preferable to single out one issue , the U.S. - Israel relationship , in order to put the American public and the administration under pressure .
The offer from al Qaeda is that the entire War on Terror , as waged from al Qaeda 's side , would come to an end if Washington would just let go of its alliance with Israel .
This tape takes a non-traditional approach , one that could even suggest that a re-alignment has been taking place between various forces of jihadism in the greater Middle East .
This tape deserves more attention than the previous ones .
Dr. Walid Phares is the director of the Future Terrorism Project at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies and a visiting scholar at the European Foundation for Democracy .
He is the author of " The Confrontation : Winning the War against Future Jihad . "
He teaches global strategies in Washington , D.C .
‘ Power struggle ’ inside Blackwater over Prince ’s successor
Blackwater ’s Erik Prince was recruited as a CIA agent in the years after the 9/11 attacks , says an exclusive report at Vanity Fair that also reveals the billionaire ex-Navy SEAL plans to step down from Blackwater to teach high school .
For the past six years , Prince “ appears to have led an astonishing double life , ” writes Adam Ciralsky .
“ Publicly , he has served as Blackwater ’s CEO and chairman .
Privately , and secretly , he has been doing the CIA ’s bidding , helping to craft , fund , and execute operations ranging from inserting personnel into ‘ denied areas ’— places US intelligence has trouble penetrating — to assembling hit teams targeting al - Qaeda members and their allies . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ciralsky reports that Prince became a CIA “ asset , ” or spy , who became a “ Mr. Fix - It ” in the war on terror .
“ Prince was n’t merely a contractor ; he was , insiders say , a full - blown asset , ” Ciralsky reports .
“ Three sources with direct knowledge of the relationship say that the CIA ’s National Resources Division recruited Prince in 2004 to join a secret network of American citizens with special skills or unusual access to targets of interest .
As assets go , Prince would have been quite a catch .
He had more cash , transport , matériel , and personnel at his disposal than almost anyone Langley would have run in its 62 - year history . ”
Prince also told Vanity Fair he believes that people inside the US government sold him out when news of Blackwater ’s involvement in the CIA ’s secret assassination program went public .
Last summer , CIA director Leon Panetta informed congressional intelligence committees that the CIA had kept secret an on - and - off assassination program that many people believe was run during the Bush administration by Vice President Dick Cheney .
Later , news reports emerged alleging that Blackwater , which recently renamed itself Xe Services , was involved in the program which sought to assassinate high - value terrorist targets .
Prince “ confesses to feeling betrayed , ” Vanity Fair reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t understand how a program this sensitive leaks , ” he says .
“ And to ‘ out ’ me on top of it ? ”
Ciralsky reports :
Prince blames Democrats in Congress for the leaks and maintains that there is a double standard at play .
“ The left complained about how [ CIA operative ] Valerie Plame ’s identity was compromised for political reasons .
A special prosecutor [ was even ] appointed .
Well , what happened to me was worse .
People acting for political reasons disclosed not only the existence of a very sensitive program but my name along with it . ”
As in the Plame case , though , the leaks prompted CIA attorneys to send a referral to the Justice Department , requesting that a criminal investigation be undertaken to identify those responsible for providing highly classified information to the media .
Prince told Ciralsky that he was engaged in work for the CIA “ up until two months ago — when Prince says the Obama administration pulled the plug . ”
That would seem to confirm recent news reports that the Obama administration was using Blackwater for assassinations in Pakistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Prince also told Ciralsky he plans to step down as chairman and CEO of Blackwater — a move Ciralsky reports has started a “ power struggle ” within the company over who will succeed its founder .
“ I ’m through , ” Prince told Vanity Fair .
“ I ’m going to teach high school .
… History and economics .
I may even coach wrestling .
Hey , Indiana Jones taught school , too . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Read the full Vanity Fair report here .
Stop NATO
September 22 , 2009
West Using Its Military Might To Control World Energy Resources :
Pentagon ’s Global Mission To Secure Oil And Gas Supplies
Rick Rozoff
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ’s 2009 Year Book documented that international military expenditures for 2008 reached $ 1.464 trillion .
The denomination in dollars is germane as the United States accounted for 41.5 percent of the world total .
Earlier this month the Congressional Research Service in the U.S. reported that American weapons sales abroad reached $ 37.8 billion , or 68.4 percent of all global arms transactions .
The next largest weapons supplier was Italy at $ 3.7 billion , less than one - tenth the U.S. amount .
Russia was third at $ 3.5 billion .
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , however , asserted that Germany had superseded Britain and France and become the world ’s third largest weapons exporter .
Western nations in general and the U.S. overwhelmingly among them dominate the global arms market .
21st century weaponry is daily more technologically advanced , more linked with computer networks and satellite communications , and progressively approaching a blurring of conventional and strategic , terrestrial and space - based capabilities .
And in the U.S. and allied nations the notion of so - called preemptive warfare has advanced precariously to include cyber and satellite attacks that can cripple a targeted nation ’s communications , control and air defense centers , thus rendering it both helpless and toothless :
Not able to fend off attacks and unable to retaliate against or even forestall them with a secure deterrent force .
The vast preponderance of American and other NATO states ’ arms are sold to nations neither in North America and Europe nor on their peripheries .
They are sold to nations like Saudi Arabia , India , Israel , the United Arab Emirates , Australia , Egypt , Taiwan , South Korea , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Colombia , Kuwait , the Philippines , Morocco and other Western client states and military outposts far removed from the much - vaunted Euro - Atlantic space .
The weapons along with the military technicians , trainers and advisers that inevitably accompany them are spread throughout nations in geostrategically vital areas of the world , near large oil and natural gas reserves and astride key shipping lanes and choke points .
In many instances Western - fueled arms buildups are accelerating in nations bordering Russia , China , Iran and Venezuela .
Geopolitics in its most transparent , cynical and brutal manifestation .
The growing sales of Western arms in the Persian Gulf , the South Caucasus , South America ( Chile and Colombia most pronouncedly ) , Africa , Far East Asia and the South Pacific ( Australia in the first instance ) are an integral element of American and general Western plans to gain access to and domination over world energy resources .
The campaign is not limited to efforts to muscle into nations and regions rich in oil and natural gas ( and uranium ) , nor to employing fair means or foul , peaceful or otherwise , to seize the commanding heights of the international energy market .
The overarching objective is to control the ownership , transport and consumption of energy worldwide .
To determine who receives oil and natural gas , through which routes and at which prices .
And to dictate what the political and military quid pro quo will be for being invited to join a U.S. - dominated international energy transportation and accessibility network .
Those who are allowed to exploit , sell and transit hydrocarbons to the Western and ultimately world market are levied for a handsome share of their energy - derived revenues for unprecedented acquisition of arms and for the stationing of U.S. and other NATO states ’ military forces on their soil .
Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates , Azerbaijan and Georgia are salient examples .
The last two - named nations have increased their military budgets by well over 1,000 percent in the first case and by over 3,000 percent in the second in the span of a few years .
A United Press International report of August 25 , 2009 estimated that Middle Eastern nations would purchase $ 100 billion worth of arms over the next five years , with the lion ’s share going to the oil - rich Western client states of Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Iraq .
There are six major areas in the world that the United States and its allies have targeted in history ’s largest scramble for hydrocarbons and , it ’s important to remember , against a recent backdrop of diminishing energy consumption , plunging prices and both the discovery and presumption of oil and natural gas reserves hitherto unexploited .
They are the Persian Gulf , the southern rim of the Caribbean Basin , the Gulf of Guinea off the coast of Western Africa , the Caspian Sea , the Arctic Circle , and the Antarctic Ocean and adjoining parts of the South Atlantic Ocean .
The first two were the private preserves of Washington and Western Europe until the Iranian revolution of 1979 in the first example and in the second the election of Hugo Chavez as president of Venezuela in 1998 and subsequent developments in that country and in nearby Ecuador , Bolivia , Nicaragua and El Salvador .
South American oil and gas are no longer available to Washington on its own terms .
Though Venezuelan and Ecuadoran officials have voiced the suspicion that the U.S. has recently acquired the use of seven new military bases in neighboring Colombia in part to seize the region ’s energy resources .
The U.S. belatedly compensated for the loss of Iran after the overthrow of its proxy , Shah Reza Pahlavi , thirty years ago by invading neighboring Iraq in 2003 .
The announcement of the Carter Doctrine in January of 1980 , which bluntly affirmed that the U.S. would wage war for control of Persian Gulf energy resources and by extension those in other parts of the world , codified then Secretary of State Henry Kissinger ’s threat five years earlier to go to war over oil after the Arab petroleum boycott of 1973 - 1974 .
President Carter ’s State of the Union address in 1980 included the following comments :
“ This situation demands careful thought , steady nerves , and resolute action , not only for this year but for many years to come .
It demands collective efforts to meet this new threat to security in the Persian Gulf and in Southwest Asia .
It demands the participation of all those who rely on oil from the Middle East … .
Let our position be absolutely clear :
An attempt by any outside force to gain control of the Persian Gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States of America , and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary , including military force . ”
The reference to an outside force at the time was the Soviet Union , much nearer the Persian Gulf than the United States .
It was later used against a nation in the Gulf , Iraq in 1991 , and now is aimed at Iran , another Persian Gulf country .
With the breakup of the Soviet Union in the same year that the U.S. and its NATO and Gulf allies first applied the Carter Doctrine , 1991 , areas that for several decades had been off - limits to the West now became open frontiers for a new oil rush .
The Black Sea and Caspian Sea regions most immediately .
The Gulf of Guinea , where America is planning to soon import 25 percent of all its oil – high - grade crude shipped straight across the Atlantic Ocean on tankers – is the center of plans going back to the beginning of this century for what is now Africa Command ( AFRICOM ) , the U.S. ’s first new regional command since Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , which itself was set up in 1983 as an upgrade of the Carter administration ’s Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force in the Middle East , and the NATO Response Force .
In addition to securing West African oil , U.S. and NATO military expansion in the region also aims at denying it to nations like China and Russia .
The practice of acquiring oil wells abroad and of denying them to competitors played no small role in triggering the two world wars of the last century .
The Arctic oil and natural gas bonanza is arguably among the main world developments of the new millennium and an analogous situation obtains in the Antarctic and South Atlantic Oceans .
Three news reports of the past week , one American and two Russian , provide an idea of the magnitude of what is at stake .
On September 17 United Press International ran a feature called “ Amid Africa ’s oil boom , U.S. binds ties ” which included these observations :
“ Potentially major oil strikes announced by an American - led consortium and a British company in West Africa have bolstered the region ’s reputation as the world ’s hottest energy zone .
“ It has also become the focus of the U.S. military ’s global mission to protect America ’s energy supplies …. ”
The “ U.S. military ’s global mission to protect America ’s energy supplies ” is a phrase that warrants being pondered deliberately and within historical perspective .
Even the bellicose brusqueness of Kissinger ’s war - for - oil advocacy and the Carter Doctrine pale in comparison to the strategic scope of what is now underway .
The same article added these details , pertaining to both ends of the African continent :
“ The Texas - based Anadarko Petroleum Corp. said Wednesday its deepwater Venus 1B well off the coast of Sierra Leone had hit paydirt and formed one of two ‘ bookends ’ 700 miles apart across two prospective basins that extend into waters controlled by Liberia , Cote d’Ivoire and Ghana .
“ These could each contain 150 million to 1 billion barrels of oil , according to Anadarko ’s CEO Al Walker .
“ One of Anadarko ’s consortium partners , Tullow Oil of Britain , which has a vast array of licenses in Africa , recently announced a new potentially important discovery in its Ngassa field in Uganda . ”
The United Press International report sums up the situation in a single effective sentence : “ In the scramble for new oil reserves as the planet ’s older fields become depleted , the U.S. military has become a predominant force in U.S. - African relations . ”
A billion barrels of oil is not an insignificant figure , yet far more is being fought over in an area where there is a serious rival with one of the world ’s two major nuclear arsenals and strategic nuclear triads .
The Voice of Russia on September 15 revealed that “ British Petroleum , Europe ’s second largest oil company , estimates that the Arctic Ocean may hold around 200 billion barrels of oil resources , about a half of the world ’s prospective hydrocarbons .
This is the main reason behind a sharp surge of interest in the Arctic ‘ oil pie . ' ”
According to a recent estimate by the Oil and Gas Journal , the world ’s largest petroleum exporter , Saudi Arabia , possesses approximately 267 billion barrels of proven oil reserves .
The Arctic Ocean , whose reserves have yet to be explored in any thorough manner , may be home to even more .
In May the U.S. Geological Survey released the results of a study on the Arctic which estimated that 30 percent of the world ’s undiscovered natural gas reserves and 13 percent of its oil may be in the Arctic Circle .
If the British Petroleum figure cited above is closer to the truth , the U.S. Geological Survey estimate is woefully conservative .
With the melting of the Arctic polar ice cap and the navigability of the Northwest Passage for the first time in recorded history opening up the area for energy exploitation , the U.S. released National Security Presidential Directive 66 on January 12 , 2009 , which contained these claims :
“ The United States has broad and fundamental national security interests in the Arctic region and is prepared to operate either independently or in conjunction with other states to safeguard these interests .
These interests include such matters as missile defense and early warning ; deployment of sea and air systems for strategic sealift , strategic deterrence , maritime presence , and maritime security operations ; and ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight . ”
Sixteen days later NATO abruptly convened a two - day Seminar on Security Prospects in the High North in Iceland and then Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer ’s comments included :
“ [ T ] he High North is going to require even more of the Alliance ’s attention in the coming years .
“ As the ice - cap decreases , the possibility increases of extracting the High North ’s mineral wealth and energy deposits .
“ At our Summit in Bucharest last year , we agreed a number of guiding principles for NATO ’s role in energy security … . ”
Alluding to the fact that of the five formal claimants to Arctic territory – Russia , the United States , Canada , Denmark and Norway – only the first is not a member of the bloc , Scheffer said , “ NATO provides a forum where four of the Arctic coastal states can inform , discuss , and share , any concerns that they may have .
And this leads me directly onto the next issue , which is military activity in the region .
“ Clearly , the High North is a region that is of strategic interest to the Alliance . ”
On September 16 the Voice of Russia featured an article on Antarctica which reported that “ British geologists have discovered a wide array of oil and gas fields in the Falkland Islands … .
Edinburgh - based British Geological Survey Agency …experts insisted that as much as 60 billion barrels may be recoverable on the shelf .
If these estimates prove right that may well rival the world ’s oil - rich nations , not least Libya and Nigeria .
“ The late 1970s saw breaking news about a spate of lucrative oil and gas fields in the Falkland Islands – deposits that experts insisted were 13 times as much as those in the North Sea at the time .
“ Many believe that the 1982 war between Britain and Argentina with almost 1,000 servicemen killed in the hostilities was all about oil and gas fields in the South Atlantic . ”
On May 11 of this year Britain submitted a claim to the United Nations Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf for one million square kilometers in the South Atlantic reaching into the Antarctic Ocean .
As early as October 23 , 2007 The Scotsman reported that “ the value of the oil under the sea in the region is understood to be immense .
Seismic tests suggest there could be about 60 billion barrels of oil under the ocean floor . ”
Britain is two hemispheres , the west and south , away from the Falklands / Malvinas Islands , which lie off the southeastern coast of Argentina .
The Russia source quoted earlier warned :
“ Given London ’s unwillingness to try to arrive at a political accommodation with Buenos Aires , a UN special commission will surely have tougher times ahead as far as its final decision on the continental shelf goes .
And it is only to be hoped that Britain will be wise enough not to turn the Falkland Islands into another regional hot spot . ”
In April of last year the UN Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf , through some combination of select compliance and procedural negligence if not complicity , granted Australia – Britain ’s , the U.S. ’s and increasingly NATO ’s main outpost in the South Pacific – 2.5 million more square kilometers in the Antarctic Ocean so that the nation ’s territory , in the words of Resources Minister Martin Ferguson as quoted by Agence France - Presse on April 21 , 2008 , “ expanded by an area five times the size of France , ” which could “ potentially provide a ‘ bonanza ’ in underwater oil and gas reserves . ”
The expansion of Australia ’s seabed borders included the Kerguelen Plateau around the Heard and McDonald Islands , which extend southwards into Antarctica .
As such Australia became the first nation to be granted exclusive property rights in the ocean .
In the Caspian Sea Basin and its neighborhood , which takes in the Afghanistan - Pakistan war theater and the turbulent and explosive Caucasus , Azerbaijan last week marked the fifteenth anniversary of what was called the Contract of the Century in 1994 , engineered by the United States and Britain to open up the Caspian region to Western energy companies .
In the interim several oil and natural gas transit projects – the Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan oil and the Baku - Tbilisi - Erzurum and Nabucco natural gas pipelines – have been launched .
The intent of all of them is to prevent Iran from exporting hydrocarbons to Europe and to expel Russia entirely from its previous contracts to provide Europe with natural gas and Caspian oil .
Russia currently supplies the European Union with 30 percent of its gas , but the West – the U.S. and its EU allies – is well on its way to replacing Russian oil and gas with supplies from Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan via Azerbaijan and from Iraq and North Africa through Turkey where all of the three pipelines mentioned above end .
Plans for what has accurately been called a Peace Pipeline from Iran through Pakistan and to India and China were heavy - handedly quashed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and her successor .
Caspian energy supplies are only to flow west to Europe and east to Asia by routes under Western control if the U.S. and its partners have their way .
The Trend News Agency of Azerbaijan on September 16 reproduced parts of a letter from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , whose husband had begun the process with the Contract of the Century , to President Ilham Aliyev from which the following is excerpted :
“ The development of the Azeri - Chiraq - Gunashli offshore oilfields , and the
subsequent formation of the Azerbaijan International Operating Company ( AIOC ) , was a landmark event in international oil and gas development , as well as a great success for international energy diplomacy .
“ Promotion of international energy security remains critical for the Eurasia region .
In this regard , the July 13 signing of the Nabucco inter- governmental agreement was a major milestone in our joint efforts to open the Southern Corridor , which will bring Caspian gas to Europe .
“ We hope that Azerbaijan , Turkey , and other interested countries will be able to build on this momentum and agree on those remaining issues needed to make the southern corridor [ Nabucco ] a reality .
“ Azerbaijan is on the threshold of a new and even more promising phase of energy development , and we look forward to continuing to work with you and other leaders in the region to develop new oil and gas resources and new routes to bring those resources to market . ”
New routes mean any other than Russian ones .
The Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan oil pipeline is to branch out through Ukraine – where the reverse flow of Russian oil has been cut off – and from there to Poland and the Baltic Sea city of Gdansk .
The Russian South Stream project to transport natural gas from Russia to Greece and the Balkans and then to Central Europe is being undermined by the Nabucco pipeline .
The Nord Stream pipeline planned to deliver Russian gas to Germany through the Baltic Sea is also under assault , with pro-Western figures in Poland , the Baltic States and Finland accusing it of being a security and even a military threat .
Never before in history have all parts of the world been so intensely fought over simultaneously as they are currently .
Nothing less than uncontested , irreversible global domination is what is being sought by the West – the United States and its NATO , Asia -Pacific and Middle Eastern allies and clients .
Possession of energy supplies and control of their destinations and transit routes are an essential part of that strategy and will be enforced through a military machine that has penetrated most of the world and is still expanding .
*****
Related articles
Global Energy War : Washington ’s New Kissinger ’s African Plans
NATO ’s , Pentagon ’s New Strategic Battleground : The Arctic
NATO In Persian Gulf : From Third World War To Istanbul
Eurasian Crossroads : The Caucasus In U.S. - NATO War Plans
Cold War Origins Of The Somalia Crisis And Control Of The Indian Ocean
Scramble For World Resources : Battle For Antarctica
NATO Of The South : Chile , South Africa , Australia , Antarctica
West ’s Afghan War And Drive Into Caspian Sea Basin
AFRICOM : Pentagon Prepares Direct Military Intervention In Africa
The opening shots in the awards campaigns are now being fired , with The Hurt Locker taking the New York Film Critics Circle and LA Film Critics Association awards , and Up in the Air being named the National Board of Review 's best film of 2009 .
Both also feature prominently in the Golden Globes nominations , announced today , which is where the race starts to get serious .
Some contend that Up in the Air , Nine and Inglourious Basterds wo n't last the pace , that the Globes have been suckered by superficial flashiness .
I can't say I actively want certain films to lose , but the Globes have made two appalling misses , that I can't believe wo n't be there come Oscar time .
To wit : where are the two " Man " films – the Coen brothers '
A Serious Man and Tom Ford 's A Single Man ?
They are far and away the two best American films I saw this year .
The only explanation I can think of is that the Coens are victims of awards fatigue , with No Country for Old Men cleaning up two years ago , and Burn
After Reading close but no cigar last time out .
Given that the Globes are bracketing A Serious Man in the " musical or comedy " sector – its lead actor , Michael Stuhlbarg , gets a nom there – it's frankly inexplicable that their voters can put it behind Julie & Julia , Nine and – gah !
–
It 's Complicated .
A Single Man , the film debut by fashion designer Tom Ford , is a slightly more complex case .
Colin Firth rightly gets a nod for his lead performance , and we can see that the film is competing ( unsurprisingly ) for the " drama " categories .
That means much tougher opposition , but Ford 's film is so confident , measured and beautifully crafted that surely – surely – it ought to have bested the shrill raucousness of Inglourious Basterds , or the effects - laden bombast of Avatar .
I 'm trying hard not to conclude that the openly gay theme of the story counted against it .
If so , the Globe people should hang their heads in shame .
Whatever the case , a bit of bravery was required – the Globes , I 'm afraid , blew it .
30 : Indifferent Cat
Her now - legendary disdain for French bulldog puppies has earned her a permanent place in the annals of cats who do n't really give a damn about anyone else .
Watch her in action .
29 : Fan Kitten Neither his youth nor his inexperience could prevent him from the Herculean struggle of taking up arms against the very wind in his quest for justice .
Fan Kitten is one of the most inspiring cats of 2009 .
28 : Average Cats
After a year dominated by cats who are hovercrafts , or monorails , or demigods , the Average Cats arrived with grace and dignity ( if not fanfare ) to remind us that we are no less beautiful for being underachievers .
Some might say that they are the quiet heroes of 2009 .
27 : Pillow Cat Some we admire for their triumph over adversity ; others for their resolve in the face of an overwhelming opponent .
Pillow cat kind of just got owned .
26 : Zombie Cat
In a difficult year where many have felt powerless , Zombie Cat represented the singleminded focus on survival that has allowed us to struggle on .
In a way , we are all Zombie Cat .
25 : Awkward Roommate Cat Awkward Roommate
Cat showed us some of the downsides of sharing our lives with these unfathomable creatures , though it may have been better if she had n't .
24 : SOS Cat Unlike many of these ( let 's be honest ) entirely useless animals , SOS Cat actually tried to do something during this difficult year .
Get help , SOS Cat. Get. Help .
23 : Matrix : Reloaded Cat
In a sea of Agent Smith puppies , Matrix : Reloaded Cat was defiant , and so captivating that you could almost forget , for a moment , how shatteringly awful that movie was .
22 : Asshole Cat A poignant reminder that the best laid plans ( etc. ) ?
Or just a jerk ?
Either way , Asshole Cat did strong work this year , and takes pride of place here as a representative of all the countless housecats who are governed by malice rather than affection .
21 : Vase Cat
It takes courage that you and I cannot understand to live your life divorced from earthly comforts and shut off from the polluting influence of the outside world .
Vase Cat was a reminder , this year , that it 's not about where you live , but how .
20 : Boozecats Better than an intervention , Boozecats found their way into any photo where booze might have been .
They did n't make you any less drunk , but they showed you what life could have been like if you had made better decisions .
19 : Om Nom Nom Cat
This guy actually said Om Nom Nom while eating , at once exploding and reappropriating a stereotype that had threatened to overshadow the tender realities of feline dining habits .
18 : Have You Seen This Cat ?
Thousands of people saw this cat in 2009 , and those who were not refreshed and encouraged by the experience have only themselves to blame .
17 : Chilling Cat
Not many of us can make our mark on the world simply by sitting there , but this armchair philosopher taught us that inaction can sometimes speak louder than words .
16 : Ignored Cat A stark reminder of the impassable solitude of our existence , even when we are in company .
15 : Crazy Dance Cat
If a cat does a crazy dance when no one is there to see it , does only God LOL ?
14 : Jupiter Jupiter burst onto the scene this year with a startling insight into the feline mind .
We may not be much the better for it , but thanks to Jupiter , we finally know what cats are really thinking .
13 : Weather Cat Early in 2009 , Weather Cat forecast that we could expect a veritable onslaught of cats over the next 11 months .
His prescience was never rewarded .
12 : Couch Kitten
Some of us are blessed with the courage to stand up and face our destiny ; others are imbued with the wisdom to hide in the couch until it 's all over .
Couch Kitten proved to be one of the latter sort .
11 : ROLCats
The 2009 ROLCats Revolution took Internet cats from the avaricious grasp of the Bourgeoisie and gave them back to the Proletariat , where they could be put to real use for the good of the State .
And Now For The Big Guns ...
10 : Chopstick Cat
What words are there to describe the majesty and grace that this animal brought to the hitherto mundane task of eating tuna with chopsticks ?
Watch and marvel .
9 : Kitten Mittens
The greatest innovation in cat technology since the flea collar , and the brave animal who pioneered it ...
8 : Nora , The Concerto Cat 2009 also saw the first ever feline performance of a piano concerto .
Talk about shattering the glass ceiling .
7 : Turntable Kitten Somewhere , in that magical place where our aspirations meet our better selves , Turntable Kitten still spins , and every rotation is kinetic energy for our dreams .
6 : Shower Cat Shower
Cat taught us that utility is the enemy of creativity , and that the physical world is but a tool to enrich our lives while we still can .
5. Gyoza Cat Gyoza
Cat brought us one simple message this year that will resonate for many years to come :
Be patient , and eat dumplings .
4. Surprise Kitten Surprise Kitten surprised us all this month with his normal postural play response mechanism , and I for one , will never be the same .
3. Kittens , Inspired By Kittens Kittens , Inspired By Kittens , inspired by the countless unheralded kittens who have inspired us all , and who will continue to inspire us as we cast our thoughts towards an uncertain but fiercely hopeful future .
2. Maru Maru , you unfettered genius .
Have I ever mentioned that you are my everything ?
This was your finest performance in 2009 .
The Turkey / Palin video might be the video of the year in 2009 .
Is she pals of the Cohen Brothers ?
It finally happened .
The wedding that has been long awaited .
Sarah Palin , the former of Alaska has signed on as a contributor to the Fox News Channel .
The network confirmed that Ms. Palin will appear on the network ’s programming on a regular basis as part of a multi - year deal .
Financial terms were not disclosed .
Ms. Palin will not have her own regular program , one person familiar with the deal said , though she will host an occasional series that will run on the network from time to time .
This person would not elaborate , but the network does have a precedent for such a series .
Oliver L. North is the host of an occasionally running documentary series on the military called “ War Stories . ”
She 's in good company , with many other Fox Newsers having similarly checkered pasts .
All is forgiven if you 're a conservative .
Oliver North sold weapons to Iran , Dick Morris has an affinity towards hookers and toe - sucking and other bizarre notions .
Mark Furhman destroyed the first O.J. case and was hired on .
Karl Rove , with subpoenas and investigations into his role in the U.S. Attorneys scandal lingering , gets a fat contract .
The list goes on and on .
Palin , who quit her job as Governor of Alaska , fits right in to the right wing stable of wingnuts Roger Ailes has assembled .
I wonder why it took so long .
Public attitudes to file sharing will be crucial ( Image : Olivier Morin / AFP / Getty )
“ THIS is the kind of snooping you ’d expect in China , not a modern western democracy .
It raises huge questions over privacy invasion and freedom of expression . ”
So says Andrew Heaney – who is not , as you might imagine , a civil liberties campaigner , but a senior executive at TalkTalk , one of the UK ’s largest internet service providers .
Along with other ISPs , his company faces the prospect of being forced to spy on its customers ’ downloads for signs of potential copyright infringement .
Heaney ’s disquiet is shared by web campaigners worldwide , as the measures contained in a …
Marilee Jones is a sought after speaker , consultant and author .
She has been a national spokesperson on the changes in today ’s college admissions climate , speaking out against the pressures it induces in both students and parents .
She is uniquely qualified to offer advice on effective admissions to both colleges / universities and to parents .
Marilee is one of the nation ’s most experienced College Admissions Deans and is a thought leader in the college admissions process .
The MIT Dean of Admissions from 1998 to 2007 , she ’s been an admissions professional for nearly 30 years .
She has been featured on CBS , National Public Radio , and profiled in USA Today , the Associated Press and the New York Times .
She is the co-author of the book , “ Less Stress , More Success : A New Approach to Guiding Your Teen Through College Admissions and Beyond . ”
And , as a parent , Marilee has recently gone through the college admissions process with her daughter .
In addition to her admissions expertise , Marilee has been an effective manager , coach and mentor to hosts of higher educational professionals and currently consults to organizations on a range of leadership issues including leading a multi-generational workforce .
Marilee has served on many professional boards including the National Association of College Admissions Counselors , the College Board , and the Women in Engineering Programs Advisory Network .
She has been a faculty member of the Harvard Summer Institute for College Admissions instructing admissions and guidance professionals , and has given hundreds of presentations and keynote speeches across the country and in Europe .
Marilee is the recipient of MIT ’s highest award for administrators , the ‘ MIT Excellence Award for Leading Change , ’ as well as the ‘ Gordon Y. Billard Award ’ and the ‘ Infinite Mile Award for Leadership ’ .
She is a standing member of the College Admissions Committee for the Independent Educational Consultants Association ( IECA ) .
In addition to her consulting practice , Marilee has volunteered as the college / education expert for the Center for Survivor Wellness through the pediatric oncology department of Columbia Presbyterian Hospital , helping teenage cancer survivors move on to college .
She currently is a member of the Newtown Stress and Trauma Project , bringing the most effective trauma healing modalities to the people of Newtown , CT .
She is a Certified Intuitive Counselor , is certified in Theta Healing and Reiki , and is an EFT practitioner .
She lives in New York City .
The Minnesota North Stars were taking on the California Seals at the Met Center .
It was a typical game between the expansion teams of the era , with an odd combination of brilliance and sloppiness on display .
That abrupt doubling and , soon , trebling of the league 's size had rescued major - league calibre players from unjust obscurity , allowed older veterans to eke out a few successful years in an era of no pensions and working - class salaries , and thrust the mediocrities of the minor leagues into a spotlight they never deserved .
It seems unfair to say so in light of events , but Bill Masterton was one of the latter category .
A centre from Winnipeg , a minor league lifer , alumnus of the University of Denver , point - per - game man with the Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League in 1962 - 63 , and former United States national team member , but never good enough for the NHL in the most competitive years of its history , not even good enough for the Montreal Canadiens to retain him as a useful farmhand they way they did so much of their talent in the 1960s .
But expansion saved him .
The North Stars ' leading scorer was former Boston fourth liner Wayne Connelly , who scored thirty - five goals and still somehow finished - 36 , their star a somewhat eccentric goaltender from Trail by the name of Cesare Maniago who after two years as the New York Rangers ' backup surged to a 22 - 16 - 9 campaign with a 2.77 goals - against average and who would star for the North Stars for almost a decade .
In this group Masterton stood out as a solid role player who came as close to outscoring as any Minnesota forward that year would .
This was , we are so often told , a different age of the game , an age with a diluted talent pool , an age before mandatory helmets , an age of truculence and the old - time hockey that Slap Shot would later iconify .
But what we saw January 15 , 1968 was not a vicious act .
Not even by today 's standards , when Dion Phaneuf elbows a guy in the chops and the crowd roars while the reporters tut sternly .
Masterton had his head down and Seals defenseman Ron Harris caught Masterton with shoulder check that hit the North Stars centre absolutely flush .
As he stumbled , Harris 's defensive partner Larry Cahan hit Masterton almost simultaneously and probably accidentally , knocking the winded Masterton off balance .
He fell , and his bare head hit the ice , and he died , forty - two years ago today .
It was a clean hit , we are told .
Nor has it been hockey 's only tragedy .
Fellow AJHL fans will remember Trevor Elton , late captain of the Sherwood Park Crusaders , killed on a clean hit by the St. Albert Saints .
You certainly know the name Don Sanderson , striking the ice after a fight just over a year ago , or Aleksei Cherepanov and his accidental hit to the chest turned cardiac arrest , or those innumerable others from across the minor and junior leagues who time has forgotten .
Hockey is not alone in its ability to make tragedy out of joy , but it may be alone in the reverence accorded to those it has taken .
Perhaps it is meaningful that , while most sports treat an award for perseverance and sportsmanship as a second - rate prize , the Bill Masterton Trophy is accorded the respect and even the debate worthy of the Hart or the Vezina .
The only thing more constant than memory is the same understandable , unforgettable rallying cry : never again .
Masterton is remembered not only by the trophy that bears his name , or the number nineteen hanging from the American Airlines Center , or even the $ 2,500 scholarship handed out in his honour every year , but by the helmet worn by every major league hockey player since Craig MacTavish 's retirement .
It was not science or medicine but the fate of Masterton , and the other forgotten tragedies , and even the near brushes like that suffered by Ted Green from Wayne Maki .
Here we are not alone .
Other sports have had similar experiences ; when Ray Mancini killed Duk Koo Kim in the boxing ring , the once - iconic fifteen championship rounds had been reduced to twelve by 1989 in response .
But it 's interesting , the way these things go .
Duk Koo Kim died after a fourteen - round fight , but his death was caused by his being an overmatched and overweight but determined fighter with a lethargic corner man who decided his first ever fight outside of South Korea should be in Las Vegas against the lightweight champion of the world with power so feared he was nicknamed " Boom - Boom " .
A helmet might have saved Bill Masterton , but Trevor Elton was wearing one the night he died .
So was Don Sanderson , until it slipped off .
This , too , other sports are familiar with : just ask the family of Mexican featherweight Daniel Aguillón , killed by an Alejandro Sanabria uppercut in the twelfth round on October 20 , 2008 .
Yet even in boxing , we hear the tut -tuts of the experts : twelve round fights are inherently dangerous .
Reduce them to ten .
Or eight , or six , or however many it takes until the boxers of the world can sit at home in their bathrobes , safe in the knowledge that they need never face danger again .
Contact sports have an inevitable and even desirable element of risk .
Hockey is popular not least because of its crunching bodychecks , its thundering slapshots , and even its fights , each of which can and has killed somebody who was in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Add this to the simple risks of athletic activity , the strain it places on the heart and the rest of the body , and you have an activity that will claim lives from time to time no matter how much we grieve .
Don Sanderson of the Whitby Dragons died January 2 , 2009 , because he was in a fight , and his helmet was n't done up properly , and he lost his grip at precisely the wrong moment , and the one - in - a - million chance came through .
He was not a child , and he was not a millionaire .
He was a senior hockey player in Ontario .
When you play for the Whitby Dragons or a team like them , you 're well beyond doing it for a living and into doing it for love .
The same with Bill Masterton , who plugged away for years in the minors , training when he could get time away from his real job , toiling with the knowledge that in the six - team NHL he could never possibly make the show , because hockey was important .
The same with Trevor Elton , twenty years old , playing tier II junior as an overager , his professional career over before it had begun but taking the ice anyway because it was what he wanted .
So why must every tragedy in sport be met by changing that sport , by turning what these men loved into something different , by honouring their memories with knee - jerk hysteria , by turning " never again " into a cry for desperate , ineffective , and even counter - productive action rather than a chance to advertise the risks in this sport of ours , so that whatever the inevitable next tragedy may be , at least we cannot say they were n't fully aware of the possibility ?
Witness claims to have seen Andal Ampatuan Jr ordering killings and personally firing at convoy of journalists and political rivals
A senior member of a clan that has ruled a southern Philippine province for years was directly involved in the massacre of 57 people , including the wife and sisters of a political rival and dozens of journalists , the country 's justice secretary said today .
Andal Ampatuan
Jr , mayor of a town in the hill region where the killings occurred , and son of the governor of Maguindanao , whose family has close links to the country 's president , Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo , has been charged with mass murder for allegedly organising the killings .
Speaking in Manila , the federal justice minister , Agnes Devanadera , said a witness had testified that Ampatuan was at the scene and ordered the killings .
" He saw the carnage , " she said .
Asked whether the witness saw Ampatuan firing a weapon , she added : " Yes . "
The man was among the militia members and local security forces who took part in the massacre , she added .
Devanadera said the bodies of many of the 20 - plus female victims had been sexually mutilated , although it was not known if the women had been raped .
In a crime that has shocked the region , a convoy of vehicles carrying supporters of a political rival and reporters was ambushed on Monday .
The passengers were shot at close range and dumped in mass graves .
Investigators believe 15 of those killed were bystanders shot to eliminate witnesses .
Up to 30 were journalists or media workers .
Among the dead were the wife and two sisters of Ismael Mangudadatu , who plans to run against the younger Ampatuan for the governorship in elections next year .
Following threats , Mangudadatu decided not to travel with the convoy to an electoral office to file candidacy papers .
He believed that his relatives , as women , would be spared violence .
Separately , Mangudadatu said witnesses who escaped the massacre saw Ampatuan personally flag down the caravan and slap his wife .
Ampatuan handed himself in yesterday , following threats that his family compound faced military assault , and is in jail in Manila .
He has insisted on his innocence , saying that at the time he was in his office at the town where he serves as mayor .
Mangudadatu registered his candidacy today , leading another convoy , guarded by soldiers and hundreds of supporters , along the same route .
" Only death can stop me from running , " he said as he submitted the papers .
Following the massacre , Arroyo expelled Ampatuan family members from her party and pledged justice for the victims .
Ampatuan
Sr had seemingly been grooming his son to take over as provincial governor .
Maguindanao is a province on the southern island of Mindanao , an often lawless region where a decades - long insurgency by Muslim groups seeking independence within the mainly Catholic country has killed tens of thousands of people .
Several of these organisations have previously kidnapped and murdered foreign nationals , as well as many more local people .
Ampatuan has blamed the massacre on one of the Muslim groups , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front .
It has denied this , and the government says there is no evidence of rebel involvement .
Guardian Australia brings together all the latest on active and daily new Covid - 19 cases , as well as maps , stats , live data and state by state graphs from NSW , Victoria , Queensland , SA , WA , Tasmania , ACT and NT to get a broad picture of the Australian outbreak and track the impact of government response
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
THE earliest computers were used to crack codes and simulate nuclear explosions .
The internet grew out of a military research project .
In - car navigation systems rely on satellites that were put into orbit to guide ships , troops and missiles .
The Boeing 747 , with its raised cockpit , was designed as a military transporter .
In each case a technology created for military use has gone on to become widely used by civilians .
That this happens so often is not surprising : the military is , after all , a deep - pocketed customer prepared to fund the development of expensive new technologies .
As gizmos become smaller and cheaper — and they invariably do — they are then able to percolate from the soldier on the battlefield to the man in the street .
But lately some kinds of technology have been moving in the other direction , too .
The United States Air Force has just placed an order for 2,200 Sony PlayStation 3 video - game consoles , which will be the building - blocks of a supercomputer ( see article ) .
Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan are using Apple iPods and iPhones to run translation software and calculate bullet trajectories .
Xbox video - game controllers have been modified to control reconnaissance robots and drone aircraft .
Graphics chips that power PC video - cards are being used by defence firms to run simulations .
What has caused this shift ?
Global defence spending , at about $ 1.5 trillion a year , far exceeds sales of consumer - electronics , at around $ 700 billion a year .
But only a small fraction of defence spending is devoted to developing electronics .
The consumer - electronics industry can therefore outspend the military in research and development , and spread out those costs over a far larger market : more than a billion mobile phones are sold every year , for example .
Electronics firms also move much faster than the slow , multi - year grind of military procurement programmes , with few products remaining on the market for more than a year before being replaced by something better or cheaper .
And the emergence of open standards and open - source software makes it easier to repurpose off - the - shelf technologies or combine them in novel ways .
( All those PlayStation 3s will have a customised version of Linux , an open - source operating system , installed on them and will be wired up using Gigabit Ethernet , the networking technology commonly used in offices . )
So much for the $ 1,000 screwdriver
All this is to be applauded .
Where consumer technology can be used , it is much cheaper and quicker to do so .
The air force 's new supercomputer will cost around one - tenth as much as a conventional supercomputer of equivalent power .
Using an iPod to run translation software in Iraq makes much more sense than designing and building a dedicated device .
America 's armed forces are also using commercially available green technologies to reduce their demand for fuel ( see Technology Quarterly ) .
Of course , there are limits to this off - the - shelf approach : it is no way to procure tanks , helicopters or missile systems .
But the selective use of existing technology allows military planners to focus their spending on the development of new technologies , rather than reinventing the wheel .
The consumer - electronics industry has been taking advantage of military innovations for years .
It seems only fitting that it should now return the favour .
The Medical Defence Union is concerned about sites such as Facebook Doctors are being warned not to respond to flirtatious approaches on social networking sites .
The Medical Defence Union , a legal body for doctors , said communicating via sites such as Facebook may be a breach of ethical responsibilities .
It issued the warning after a number of cases in which patients propositioned doctors after searching for their details on the internet .
Regulators agreed that medics should be careful .
The MDU also said doctors should refrain from making comments that could identify patients , amid concerns some may " let off steam " to colleagues via Facebook believing it was a private forum when security settings meant anybody could see what was being said .
FACEBOOK FLIRTS
A female GP sought advice from the Medical Defence Union recently after being asked out by a 30 - year - old man she treated for whiplash after a car accident Following the consultation , he sent her her favourite flowers , lillies
He then turned up with a travel book he thought she would like
It became apparent that he was finding this information from her Facebook site
She was advised to improve her security settings and told to let other GPs at the practice treat the patient in the future
The group said new guidance from the General Medical Council explicitly mentioned " internet chat forums " in its rules on confidentiality .
Last year , a group of dental nurses were reprimanded by bosses for establishing a social networking group called " I 'm a dental nurse and I hate patients because ... "
The MDU also highlighted cases where patients had attempted to pursue inappropriate relationships with doctors who had treated them .
Earlier this year Birmingham University trainee medics were told to block their Facebook profiles after they were pestered by patients they had treated during hospital placements .
' Professional footing ' Dr Emma Cuzner , a medico - legal adviser at the MDU , said : " Some doctors have told the MDU they feel it would be rude not to reply , if only to politely refuse , but given that this is not a professional route of communication any correspondence of this sort would clearly stray outside the doctor - patient relationship .
" We are advising members about the importance of keeping relationships with patients on a professional footing .
" This is in line with doctors ' ethical duties not to pursue improper relationships with patients . "
A spokeswoman for the British Medical Association said it was right to be cautious .
" Social networking sites are part of everyday life and are extremely popular .
" However , the BMA believes doctors must maintain their professional relationship with their patients and not do anything that puts this in jeopardy . "
A GMC spokeswoman added : " Doctors must understand that when using these sites , their conduct must remain within the boundaries of the doctor - patient partnership . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Couple flee to save their unborn baby from social workers after girl , 17 , is told she is not clever enough to look after her child
A heavily pregnant woman and her fiance have gone on the run after social workers threatened to take away their baby at birth .
Kerry Robertson , 17 , and Mark McDougall , 25 , had been told that she was not bright enough to raise their child and that they would have to give him up .
It was another blow for the couple , whose wedding this year was halted just 48 hours before the ceremony in a row over whether Miss Robertson was intelligent enough to marry .
Despair : Kerry Robertson is 29 weeks pregnant by Mark McDougall and the couple have already named the unborn child Ben .
She ' out of her mind with worry '
Miss Robertson , who is 29 weeks pregnant , has since been told the couple will be allowed only a few hours with their baby - a boy they have already named Ben - before he is taken into care and placed with foster parents .
Desperate to keep their family together , the pair fled their home yesterday for a secret safe house .
Last night , Miss Robertson , who has mild learning difficulties , said : ' I have been out of my mind with worry about my unborn baby being taken away .
' Although Ben is n't born yet , I already love my baby and know I will be a good mum .
Mark and I talk to him inside me every day and tell him we love him .
' We 've already bought him clothes and my cousin , who recently had a baby , has handed down a beautiful crib for him .
' But social workers are n't even giving me a chance to be a mum .
It 's as if social workers are trying to rule my life and I just could n't take the pressure from them any more . '
Mr McDougall , an artist , said they had made their decision after seeing minutes of a meeting this week where social workers claimed their baby could suffer ' emotional harm ' if left with Miss Robertson - an allegation they say is ' ridiculous ' .
He said : ' It was clear to Kerry and I that although social workers recently appeared to backtrack , telling us they would not make any decision about our baby until he is born , the truth is they intend to take him away .
Kerry was in pieces .
' She is pregnant with her first baby so we do n't see how , before he is even here , social workers can say she wo n't be a good parent .
The pressure that social workers have been putting both of us under is huge .
' When Kerry found out she was pregnant , a care worker mentioned she might not be able to keep the baby but we never believed they would do something as cruel as to take him away .
' We are constantly lying awake at night worrying what the next day will bring .
' Not only am I extremely angry and upset about the way we 've been treated , I have become worried for Kerry 's and our unborn baby 's health .
I defy anyone to put up with what we 've had to put up with . '
The couple , who left their home in Fife , Scotland , after a leaving party for friends and family , say they do not know how long it will be before they can return .
A family law expert said : ' If Miss Robertson gave birth in Fife and then fled with the baby , after the local authority had got a care order , she would be liable for child abduction .
' But by fleeing while pregnant , Miss Robertson has not broken any law , as far as I 'm aware .
' If she has her baby outside the jurisdiction of Fife council , they no longer have any power to take the child into care .
' Rather , they would have to locate her and alert the relevant council who would have to apply for a removal order themselves . '
Miss Robertson has been in the care of her grandmother since she was nine months old after her parents were unable to care for her , with her welfare overseen by social workers at Fife Council .
She and Mr McDougall decided to marry after she became pregnant .
But in a highly unusual step , Dunfermline Register Office refused to sanction the marriage after Fife Council wrote a letter of objection .
Under British law , a registrar can refuse to marry a couple if he believes one or both parties lack the mental capacity to understand what marriage is about .
Their case has been referred to the European Human Rights Commission , which is investigating whether Fife has broken human rights laws .
Mr McDougall said : ' Kerry and I always wanted our baby to be born to married parents and we are still hoping to get married .
' We have also offered to go to parenting classes and have a lot of support from family and friends .
We feel if Fife really wanted to help us they would allow us to get married . '
A billboard and two cops More drug war successes » Do n't judges have to take a class or something ?
Via LEAP … Man Says Judge Arrested Him ‘ On a Hunch ’ NASHVILLE ( CN ) – A judge in Dickson County , Tenn. , had officers pull a spectator out of his courtroom “ on a hunch , ” held him in custody and made him submit to a urinalysis for drugs , the man claims in Federal Court .
Benjamin Marchant claims that General Sessions Judge Durwood Moore admitted that he “ routinely drug - screens ‘ spectators ’ in his courtroom if he ‘ thinks ’ they may be under the influence of drugs or alcohol . ”
Moore allegedly called it the “ routine policy of the court . ”
Routine policy ?
Fortunately , someone else had read the Constitution .
Moore acknowledged he had violated Marchant ’s rights and was censured by the Tennessee Supreme Court ’s Judiciary Court on May 1 , 2009 , the highest form of punishment short of seeking a judge ’s removal from the bench , according to the complaint .
The court ordered Moore to “ never violate a person ’s constitutional rights as he did to the Plaintiff , ” the complaint states .
Really .
How does this guy get to be a judge ?
You have to be better informed to get a cosmetology license .
This new peer - reviewed paper in The Professional Geographer is worth reading , especially if you ’re new to crisis mapping .
Authors Marguerite Madden and Amy Ross combine qualitative data of personal narratives with GIS technologies to “ explore the potential for critical cartography in the study of mass atrocity . ”
The authors use Northern Uganda , where millions have been affected by physical violence , as a case study .
Their research yields the following conclusions :
Satellite images confirm the disruptive impact of forced relocation on economic activity , which resulted in greater levels of mortality than overt violence of LRA attacks .
Points , lines , and polygons delineated in Google Earth can be uploaded in ArcGIS to analyze the spatial patterns of huts and changes in IDP camps over time .
GIS data appear to have potential in documenting crimes that fall within the category of crimes against humanity .
Qualitative data may fail to demonstrate the extent and systematic nature of violence .
GIS techniques may be able to provide the widespread and systematic criteria necessary for a conviction on crimes against humanity when individual life experiences are too difficult to document in sufficient numbers .
GIScience technologies appear to have less value in determining the crime of genocide .
To reach a legal finding of genocide , the intent of the perpetrators must be established .
GIS technologies alone , it seems , fail to provide solutions to this difficulty .
Marguerite and Amy cite the following research , which may be of interest to those looking for further reading in this area :
Kwan , M. , and G. Ding. 2008 .
Geo-narrative : Extending geographic information systems for narrative
analysis in qualitative and mixed - method research .
The Professional Geographer 60 ( 4 ) : 443–65 .
I wonder whether Marguerite and Amy have thought about exploring a collaboration with the EC ’s Joint Research Center ( JRC ) .
The latter has developed automated change - detection methods for refugee / IDP camps , and if I remember correctly , they are looking for ways to validate their analysis using ground truthing .
Many thanks to my colleague Andrew Linke of Colorado University for sharing this paper with me .
Patrick Philippe Meier
Whenever I hear some guy say that feminists do n’t have a sense of humor , I want to punch that guy in the neck .
What I mean is , I want to take a bunch of tiny razors and glue ’em to a glove , kind of around the knuckle area , and put on this glove and then punch him pretty hard about six times and turn his Adam ’s apple into pâté .
I would probably dip the razors in curare first , if there was some lying around and nobody else was using it .
Because here on Savage Death Island , that shit is comedy gold .
What got me thinking about comedy gold was an item in the Canadian National Post headlined “ B.C. police seek serial groin - kicker after series of attacks . ”
The item was emailed to me like 6 weeks ago by blamer Holly Campbell .
Fast and friendly service , Holly , that ’s what you get here at I Blame the Patriarchy .
Anyway .
According to the article , a psychotic young woman is on the loose in British Columbia .
[ T ]he young woman inexplicably kicked [ some dude ] in the groin hard enough to send one of his testicles into his abdomen .
Having read the headline , you will not be surprised to learn that she is suspected of having kicked 3 or 4 other random dudes in the cubes , apparently without provocation .
If the outraged dude message boards are to be believed , she is apparently the perfect radical feminist , since she ’s actively living the violent anti-testicle fantasies the rest of us only dream about .
Anyway .
Do n’t tell me I do n’t have a sense of humor , because this shit is funny as hell .
Because the dude ’s nut ruptured — ow !
I bet that hurt ! — and “ will be replaced by a prosthetic before Christmas . ”
Just in the time for the annual B.C. Holiday Parade of Testicles !
What a gasser !
Let me just say a few words about humor .
Everyone loves humor , but the fact is that jokes are attacks .
That ’s why dudes on the Internet are always telling women to lighten up already and join them ( the dudes ) in busting a gut at their ( women ’s ) own expense .
Dudes like attacking women — it ’s how they express affection — but since punching them in the neck with curare - dipped razor gloves — at least in public — is somewhat frowned upon by those with gentle upbringings , jokes are all they ’ve got left .
So fuck you if you do n’t like being their joke - butt .
Ha ha !
Ergo :
According to the long - established elements of comedy we ’ve all assimilated from oppression culture — e.g. surprise , irony , incongruity , impropriety , et al. – that hapless dude who got biffed in the giblets is a fucking Platonic ideal of a joke - butt .
What a savory little fillip of unexpected delight is the whole ball - bonker tableau .
A little white chick , who runs around socking it to unsuspecting dudes who are strolling down the street minding their own beeswax , has got it all , comedy - wise .
Should I explicate further ?
Dudes usually have nothing to fear from little white chicks , see , since they ( dudes ) are , by universal agreement , the class who typically mete out the sex - based violence .
Conversely , everyone recognizes that women typically do n’t enjoy the dudes - only luxury of gaily sauntering through the town square without the expectation of sudden , unprovoked harassment .
But here ’s B.C. Girl , challenging the Global Accords Governing the Fair Use of Women with a surprising , ironic , incongruous , improprietous turnabout !
The underdog puts one over on the overlord !
Hi-fuckin - larious !
A parable of the state of the “ hot dot - com ” workplace in 2009 :
The story goes , according to our anonymous submitter in California :
Some executive - level person decided to put a pinball machine into our break area .
After several months , someone must have complained about the noise , because a note went up telling us it was not to be played .
When some employees decided to play the machine at 7 AM ( assuming nobody in the building was in ) , the note was replaced by a new ( more specific ) note .
After that , “ the machine was unplugged and left to gather dust , ” our submitter says … and to silently taunt all of the office ’s embittered would - be pinball wizards .
Until , one day … multiball !
related : “ Popcorn Thursday ”
" Purple Blanket " by Jonathon Earl Bowser This Adult site is a free , user - supported web - site .
There are no banners , AVS , blind - links , pop-ups , or other gimicks designed to pick your pocket .
By continuing past this screen you indicate you have read and agreed to ALL of the following :
This site contains and / or links to sites that contain visual , audio , and / or textual depictions of nudity and heterosexual , bi-sexual , homosexual , and transsexual sexual situations .
Persons under twenty - one years of age and persons who may be offended by such depictions may not directly or indirectly download , acquire , view , read , listen to , or possess any photograph , video file , sound file , textual material , advertisement , or other communication , message or other content at , in , or through Alt.
Sex.
Stories Text Repository ( hereby referred to as ASSTR ) , nor place any order for any goods or services at , in , or through connection to or from , ASSTR .
If you are under the age of twenty - one years or are offended by such materials , you are not authorized to download any materials from ASSTR and any and all such downloading shall constitute intentional infringement of the copyright owner 's rights in such materials .
All materials , messages , and other communications contained at ASSTR are intended for distribution exclusively to consenting adults in locations where such materials , messages and other communications do not violate any community standards or any federal , state or local law or regulation of the United States or any other country .
All materials , messages , and other communications available at ASSTR are for the private use and enjoyment of its authorized visitors only ; any resale or other use of any kind is strictly forbidden except where explicitly permitted .
You agree that the files obtained from ASSTR are for your own personal use and that you will not redistribute them to persons including , but not limited to , minors .
By proceeding any further you accept all the terms and conditions set forth in the ASSTR terms and conditions agreement .
Modern Computer Arithmetic
To cite this document , please use the following :
Modern Computer Arithmetic , Richard Brent and Paul Zimmermann , Cambridge University Press , 2010 .
Preliminary versions of the book are available here :
Version 0.5.9 ( October 2010 ) , xvi+223 pages ; this version corresponds quite closely to the version published by Cambridge University Press ( the only differences being that pages i-viii slightly differ , and the three typos reported by Torbjörn Granlund on version 0.5.7 are fixed in 0.5.9 ) .
Previous versions : Version 0.5.7 ( September 2010 ) , xvi+223 pages , Version 0.5.5 ( September 2010 ) , xvi+223 pages , Version 0.5.3 ( August 2010 ) , xvi+223 pages , Version 0.5.1 ( March 2010 ) , xvi+227 pages , Version 0.5 ( February 2010 ) , xvi+245 pages , Version 0.4 ( November 2009 ) , 239 pages , Version 0.3 ( June 2009 ) , 221 pages , Version 0.2.1 ( March 2009 ) , 215 pages , Version 0.2 ( June 2008 ) , 190 pages , Version 0.1.1 ( November 2006 ) , 94 pages , Version 0.1 ( October 2006 ) , 91 pages .
For the electronic versions , copying this work is allowed for non-commercial use ( see the license on page iii of the pdf file ) .
Abstract
for all operations ( not just multiplication as many text books ) ,
for all size ranges ( not just schoolbook methods or FFT - based methods ) ,
and including all details ( for example how to properly deal with carries for integer algorithms , or a rigorous analysis of roundoff errors for floating - point algorithms ) .
Summary
Exercises
Errata
Errata for earlier versions of the book are here .
Software
fastfunlib is a C library for fast multiprecision evaluation of transcendental functions , using fixed - point arithmetic directly on top of GMP / MPIR .
The goal is to provide optimized base implementations of transcendental functions , with minimal overhead at low precision as well as asymptotic speed .
Zen , from Reynald Lercier and Florent Chabaud , which provides fast arithmetic in polynomial finite rings over Z/nZ , with application to integer factorization and primality testing .
hgcd.c is an implementation of the binary ( or 2 - adic or LSB or right - to - left ) subquadratic gcd from Stehlé and Zimmermann .
It is quite efficient compared to the code in GMP 4.3.1 ( which implements the classical MSB or left - to - right reduction ) .
For example on a Core 2 at 2.83
Ghz we can compute the GCD of two numbers of 107 limbs , i.e , about 193 million decimal digits , in 738.5s with mpz_gcd and 725.1s with mpz_bgcd .
For 108 limbs , i.e. , about 1.9 billion decimal digits , mpz_gcd takes 11776s and mpz_bgcd takes 11031s , thus a 6.3 % speedup .
Books on Related Topics
Modern Computer Algebra , Joachim von zur Gathen and Jürgen Gerhard , Cambridge University Press , 2nd edition , 2003 .
The Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms , A. V. Aho , J. E. Hopcroft and J. D. Ullman , Addison - Wesley , 1974 [ chapters 7 and 8 ] .
The Computational Complexity of Algebraic and Numeric Problems , A. Borodin and I. Munro , Elsevier Computer Science Library , 1975 .
Handbook of Applied Cryptography , Alfred J. Menezes , Paul C. van Oorschot and Scott A. Vanstone , CRC Press , 1997 [ chapter 14 ] .
Prime Numbers : A Computational Perspective , Richard E. Crandall and Carl Pomerance , Springer Verlag , 2001 [ chapter 9 ] .
Fast Algorithms , A Multitape Turing Machine Implementation , Arnold Schönhage and A. F. W. Grotefeld and E. Vetter , BI - Wissenschaftsverlag , 1994 [ out of print ] .
Handbook of Elliptic and Hyperelliptic Curve Cryptography , Henri Cohen , Gerhard Frey , Roberto Avanzi , Christophe Doche , Tanja Lange , Kim Nguyen , Frederik Vercauteren , Chapman & Hall / CRC , series Discrete Mathematics and its Applications , 2005 [ chapters 9 - 12 ] .
Handbook of Floating - Point Arithmetic , Nicolas Brisebarre , Florent de Dinechin , Claude - Pierre Jeannerod , Vincent Lefèvre , Guillaume Melquiond , Jean - Michel Muller , Nathalie Revol , Damien Stehlé and Serge Torres , Birkhäuser , 2009 .
Matters Computational , Jörg Arndt , Springer , 2010 , also freely available online .
See also the ``Algorithms '' chapter from the GMP reference manual .
Reviews
Citations
31 December 2009 : Fabrice Bellard set a new record for computing digits of Pi , with 2700 billion digits , and used our book for this record .
See also his slides [ in french ] .
His TPI executable code is freely available here .
1st August 2011 : Richard Brent and David Harvey wrote a preprint Fast computation of Bernoulli , Tangent and Secant numbers which answers Exercises 4.35 to 4.41 .
The FEE method of E. A. Karatsuba
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Is feminism dead ?
Leslie Sanchez hopes so , and her new book has more than a few feminists up in arms .
Debates about female politicians , or the backlash to women 's liberation , are n't new , but the New Yorker 's Ariel Levy is wondering how feminism got to be so divisive .
She addresses some of the book 's pressing questions :
What is feminism now ?
Has Sarah Palin broken the mold for politically ambitious women ?
What does the feminist movement , after the victories of past decades , still have anything to offer ?
As liberal advocates of female empowerment engage in some soul - searching , here are their answers :
Bra Burning Never Happened Ariel Levy clears up a few myths , touching on women 's liberation as well as Sarah Palin .
She takes issue with Sanchez 's assertion that Palin " so very clearly reflected the lifestyle choices , hard work ethic , and traditional values that so many women admire . "
There is nothing traditional about a female governor , Levy says , even if she is also a mother .
" Feminists have long been criticized for telling women that they could have it all .
But conservatives have done us one better : apparently , you can have it all and be traditional , too . "
Furthermore , both sides seem interested in " evading " a fundamental truth : " if the father works and the mother works , nobody is left to watch the kids . "
Childcare , Levy seems to be arguing , is feminism 's final frontier , not the " identity politics " of the Palin crowd which aim for " feminism without feminists " :
We live in a country that has been reshaped by the women ’s movement , in which the traditional family is increasingly obsolete .
As of September , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , more than sixty per cent of American women aged twenty and over were working or seeking work , and , according to the Shriver Report , women are either the primary or the co-breadwinner in two - thirds of American families .
For many of them , this is n’t an exercise in empowerment ; it ’s about making a living and , for working mothers in particular , often a hard living ...
President Nixon vetoed the Comprehensive Child Development
Act , declaring that it " would commit the vast moral authority of the National Government to the side of communal approaches to child rearing " and undermine " the family - centered approach . "
He meant " the traditional - family - centered approach , " which requires women to forsake every ambition apart from motherhood .
So close .
And now so far .
The amazing journey of American women is easier to take pride in if you banish thoughts about the roads not taken .
When you consider all those women struggling to earn a paycheck while rearing their children , and start to imagine what might have been , it ’s enough to make you want to burn something .
Breadwinning Females in Need of Help The American Prospect 's Shani Hilton seconds Levy 's call for help for working women .
" And to go further , it 's important to remember that 22 percent of black families are headed by women , as are 14 percent of Latino families , " she adds .
" Too often , the lives of poor women and women of color are ignored in the battle over feminism 's relevance ... these women need the support of feminism and feminists more than any group , even if Sanchez thinks feminists are obsolete .
And maybe especially because of that . "
X Chromosome Should n't Be the Deciding Factor Jezebel 's Anna North latches on to Levy 's remarks on " identity politics , " writing that " the message of Sarah Palin 's entire vice presidential bid was that women were supposed to care not about issues , or even about competence , but simply that one of ' their own ' appeared on the ticket . "
Mere representation , North argues , echoing Levy 's point , is not enough :
There are many other issues from reproductive rights to equal pay that wo n't be resolved by electing George W. Bush clones with two X chromosomes .
In order to resolve them , women need to claim not just representation , but another right that men have always taken for granted : the right to stand up for what we believe in , even if it means disagreeing with one another .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
British soldiers ' tortured and murdered Iraqi grandmother '
Probe : The Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment is under investigation
British soldiers are being investigated over allegations they tortured and murdered a 62 - year - old Iraqi grandmother .
The body of Sabiha Khudur Talib was found dumped by the roadside three years ago after her family home was raided by troops .
The Royal Military Police are now investigating claims from her relatives that she was led away by soldiers from the Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment before being brutally tortured and shot .
It is one of the most serious charges levied against the British Army during its six - year occupation in southern Iraq .
Ministers are to be handed crime reports filed by Basra police that conclude Mrs Talib 's body was dumped by a roadside in a British bodybag in November 2006 .
Injuries to her face were consistent with torture and she had been shot in the abdomen .
Lawyers for Mrs Talib 's family say their are preparing legal action in the High Court against the MOD .
Statements from relatives who were at home during the raid claim that they saw her being led away by British soldiers shortly before she died .
The MOD confirmed that Mrs Talib was shot by British soldiers from the Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment in 2006 but deny she was murdered or tortured .
But an investigation led by Lieutenant Haidar Yashaa Salman from Al - Qibla police station of the Al - Hussein Police Directorate in Iraq concluded : ' At 11 o'clock , we were informed by the police operation room of the finding of a dumped body , so went to the site and found out that the body belonged to the victim Sabiha Khudur Talib , who was arrested by the British forces on 14 - 15 November 2006 .
' I saw the body in a brown dish - dash [ one - piece tunic ] , bare feet and hands with marks of handcuffs . '
Phil Shiner , of Public Interest Lawyers , who is representing the family told The Independent : ' The possibility that British forces in 2006 could have tortured and executed an innocent elderly woman should shock the nation .
' Such an allegation must be immediately independently investigated as a possible murder . '
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . 
On Wednesday , for first time since 1981 , a rocket that was not a space shuttle took off from a launching pad at the Kennedy Space Center here .
With a clearing in a partly cloudy sky , the Ares I - X rocket , a prototype of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ’s next - generation Ares I rocket , zipped off at 11:30 a.m. , heading east over the Atlantic Ocean .
After rising through blue sky for two minutes , the first stage expended its fuel at an altitude of more than 25 miles , separated and parachuted into the ocean .
After separation , the dummy second stage spun around before plunging into the ocean .
The final Ares I rocket is to have a second - stage engine and a crew capsule to carry four astronauts into orbit to the International Space Station .
As tall as a 32 - story building but with a first stage only 12 feet wide , the Ares I - X looked skinny and top - heavy .
Yet it flew as envisioned .
For the NASA team working on the Constellation program to send astronauts to the Moon and beyond , the flight was a moment of smiles and joy , if not quite vindication .
Critics have described the Ares I , which would be the first Constellation rocket to fly , as too expensive and technically flawed .
The United Nations says that female circumcision is now widely recognized as a violation of human rights .
And so , the UN has declared February 6th as the “ International Day Against FEMALE Genital Mutilation . ”
Instead , it should be declaring an “ International Day Against HUMAN Genital Mutilation . ”
We say the UN is sexist and misandrist .
The UN is also hypocritical .
In 1989 the UN issued its Convention on the Rights of the Child , which “ proclaimed and agreed that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth therein , without distinction of any kind , such as… sex … ”
Ironically , by declaring an International Day Against Female Genital Mutilation , the UN has also circumcised their Convention on the Rights of the Child .
The World Health Organization says female circumcision can cause severe bleeding , urinary and reproductive tract infections , and even death .
All of these are also true for male circumcision .
On my blog , a woman named Mona pointed to Haitian corruption and declared : “ I wo n’t send money because I know what will happen to it . ”
Another reader attributed Haiti ’s poverty to “ the low I.Q. of the 9 million people there , ” and added : “ It is all very sad and can not be fixed . ”
“ Giving money to Haiti and other third - world countries is like throwing money in the toilet , ” another commenter said .
A fourth asserted : “ Haiti is a money pit .
Dumping billions of dollars into it has proven futile .
... America is deeply in debt , and we ca n’t afford it . ”
Not everyone is so frank , but the subtext of much of the discussion of Haiti is despair about both Haiti and foreign aid .
Pat Robertson , the religious broadcaster , went furthest by suggesting that Haiti ’s earthquake flowed from a pact with the devil more than two centuries ago .
While it ’s not for a journalist to nitpick a minister ’s theological credentials , that implication of belated seismic revenge on Haitian children seems defamatory of God .
Americans have also responded with a huge outpouring of assistance , including more than $ 22 million raised by the Red Cross from text messages alone .
But for those with doubts , let ’s have a frank discussion of Haiti ’s problems :
Why is Haiti so poor ?
Is it because Haitians are dimwitted or incapable of getting their act together ?
To fly over the northern forest is to experience ancient , nearly - unbroken vastness .
Swamp - like - it has been described as a kind of giant Everglades of the North - tiny aboriginal communities , logging roads , and clear - cuts stand out in its southern expanse .
In the more frozen north , only icy lakes and rivers interrupt the thousands of miles of tree cover .
Caribou and wolves roam underneath the evergreens , and every summer , millions of birds arrive to breed , including the white - throated sparrow and many species of ducks that winter in New England .
Many point to Indonesia - one of the few tropical forests with underlying peat - as a cautionary tale : Deforestation and draining is causing the peat to burn and pump enormous amounts of carbon dioxide into the air .
Mining and similar operations can cause the release of carbon from peat because the land is often drained , exposing the material to oxygen , which is essential for decomposition .
Poor logging practices , road building , and other development can alter water flows and expose peat as well , drying it out and making it vulnerable to fire .
Dried peat burns so well it is used as a cheap fuel in parts of the world .
The pace of boreal deforestation from mining , dams , oil and gas drilling , and road building is glacial compared with the destruction of tropical forests .
Still , scientists say development is beginning to accelerate and it needs protection before warming temperatures lure even more industries north .
While a critical deal is being brokered at the Copenhagen climate talks this week to protect threatened tropical forests , a growing number of scientists and environmentalists say the world ’s boreal forests need to be conserved too .
A group of international scientists are planning to deliver a letter to Northern heads of state tomorrow urging them to formally recognize the importance of the boreal forest and find ways to finance its protection .
And they say Canada , with 1.4 billion acres of intact forest and a majority of the world ’s peat lands , is the place to start .
“ It ’s like a great big stew of carbon percolating away for centuries , ’’ said Janet Sumner , executive director of the Wildlands League in Ontario , a conservation group pushing to preserve the northern , or boreal , forests from development .
“ If we do n’t protect the boreal , it will mean more emissions and climate change . ’’
Carbon that those forests absorbed from the air over thousands of years is stored in the peat and suspended in waterlogged bogs or permafrost .
When it is disturbed or drained - as is happening in some areas - the peat can start to decompose and dry out , unleashing greenhouse gases .
In North America alone , the peat and the trees growing in it hold as much carbon as would be emitted worldwide by 26 years of burning fossil fuels at current rates .
A thick layer of the black spongy soil , the remnants of ancient forests , wraps the globe ’s northern tier .
Deeper than 15 feet in places , the peat layer extends over more than 6 million square miles across Russia , Scandinavia , China , Canada , and the United States .
The boreal forest - with its hues of muted green , gray , and brown - once blanketed New England as well , but warming temperatures since the last Ice Age have transformed the forest , although some peat lands and boreal tree and wildlife species remain in northern Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont .
Unlike most of the tropics , where decaying plant matter decomposes quickly , the boreal forest accumulates dead sedges , mosses , grasses , shrubs , and trees in bogs or in permafrost , permanently frozen soil that can store it for thousands of years .
About 30 percent of the carbon is stored in the trees - the rest is in the peat .
“ For a long time , we failed to see the soil for the trees , ’’ said Larry Innes , director of the Canadian Boreal Initiative and adviser to the Pew Environment Group , a funding and advocacy group .
Innes talked as he piloted his small plane over hundreds of tiny peat islands capped with spruce trees in lightly iced lakes about 150 miles north of Ottawa .
Fluctuating water levels in a reservoir for a hydroelectric dam had eroded peat from the shorelines , allowing some of its carbon to be released and leaving sand behind .
Enormous clear - cuts - miles across - opened the landscape nearby .
While the northern forest ’s beauty is undeniable , it is tropical forests , with their towering tree canopies and enormous number of colorful and charismatic species that have riveted the world .
And , scientists say , there is good reason for that : Agriculture and development are causing massive deforestation , totaling more than 20 million acres a year by some estimates , and the forests are being further degraded by illegal and shoddy logging practices and fire .
Because it is more valuable to cut trees than to preserve them in these areas , Copenhagen negotiators are trying to make it financially attractive to conserve trees in developing countries .
The Kyoto Protocol , the climate treaty that expires in 2012 , largely ignored forests as critical tools in fighting global warming , though deforestation - and the resulting loss of carbon - absorbing capacity - accounts for about 15 percent of the world ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
But the boreal forest - holding twice as much carbon per acre as tropical forests - also needs a place at the table , scientists say .
In Canada , deforestation - defined as permanently cleared land - is estimated at about 126,000 acres a year , although scientists say development and industrial uses alter far more of the forest .
That figure also excludes logging .
In Alberta , with its enormous mining effort to squeeze oil from tarry sands , only about 40 percent of its once vast forest is still considered intact , according to Global Forest Watch Canada , a research group .
In 2007 , an international group of 1,500 scientists , some on the leading scientific advisory group , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , recommended that at least half of Canadas forest be protected from further disturbances , both for its carbon storage and wildlife habitats .
While the Canadian government is facing deep criticism for backtracking on pledges to reduce greenhouse gases , the provinces of Ontario , Quebec , and Manitoba have promised to protect enormous swaths of forest from future mining and development - roughly half of Quebec ’s and Ontario ’s forest , which is largely publicly owned but can be leased to industry .
But paying for it will be challenging and there is no clear mechanism to do so .
In Copenhagen , negotiators from developing countries and the United Nations are trying to win financial commitments from rich countries to protect tropical forests , or create a system where polluting industries pay to protect a swath of trees that would absorb the equivalent amount of heat - trapping gases they emit .
“ It is only fair that developed countries pay ’’ to protect both tropical and boreal forests “ because they have created the climate change problem , ’’ said Chris Henschel , senior conservation manager of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society , but he said they should protect the boreal forests “ without any payment from a Copenhagen mechanism . ’’
Yet the advocates for the boreal forest say it is vulnerable because northern regions are heating up faster than more temperate areas , which could cause the peat to thaw and release its carbon .
No one knows how quickly emissions will occur if that happens .
“ It is under threat . . . .
It is the last great intact place on earth for natural resources , ’’ said Jeff Wells , director of science and policy for the Boreal Songbird Initiative , a conservation organization .
“ We need to ensure it can withstand the impact as best it can . ’’
Beth Daley can be reached at bdaley@globe.com .
Correction : Because of a reporting error , a previous version of this story incorrectly described a group that recommended the protection of Canada 's boreal forest .
It was a group of 1,500 international scientists , some on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , who signed a 2007 statement to urge protection , not the IPCC itself .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The method spots imitations of works by Pieter Bruegel the Elder A simple method to distinguish artistic fakes and imitations has been demonstrated by researchers .
The approach , known as " sparse coding " , builds a virtual library of an artist 's works and breaks them down into the simplest possible visual elements .
Verifiable works by that artist can be rebuilt using varying proportions of those simple elements , while imitators ' works cannot .
The work is reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The mathematical analysis of artworks is a relatively new discipline , which gained worldwide attention when it emerged in 1999 that Jackson Pollock 's " drip paintings " could be cast in the mathematics of fractals - patterns that repeat at ever - smaller scales .
However , the claim that a fractal analysis could be used to identify Pollock - like paintings of unknown provenance remains a subject of some controversy .
Sparse richness
Since that time , a number of approaches to identify the origins of artworks have been attempted , yielding varying degrees of certainty in the results .
Now , Daniel Rockmore of Dartmouth College in the US and his colleagues have shown a straightforward method known as sparse coding that , so far , appears to be significantly more accurate than previous attempts .
SPARSE CODING ANALYSIS
Each of an artist 's works is cut into 144 pieces ( 12 rows and 12 columns )
A set of 144 random elements the size of each piece is generated Each element is altered by a computer until some combination of them can recreate each piece from the original artwork
The elements ( shown above ) are refined until the fewest are required to recreate each piece
Those refined pieces will be unable to reproduce the work of an imitator or a fake
The method works by dividing digital versions of all of an artist 's confirmed works into 144 squares - 12 columns of 12 rows each .
Then a set of " basis functions " is constructed - initially a set of random shapes and forms in black and white .
A computer then modifies them until , for any given cut - down piece of the artist 's work , some subset of the basis functions can be combined in some proportion to recreate the piece .
The basis functions are refined further to ensure that the smallest possible number of them is required to generate any given piece - they are the " sparsest " set of functions that reproduces the artist 's work .
The team tried the approach on the works of Pieter Bruegel the Elder , a 16th century Flemish painter whose original works are well - known and who had a number of imitators .
Upon using the sparse coding approach on the artist 's known works , the Dartmouth team showed that the optimised basis functions were unable to reproduce the imitations .
However , Professor Rockmore said that although authentication of works was an application that would appeal to many people , sparse coding could lend its analysis to a number of problems in the study of art .
" Our hope is that it becomes more of what people call technical art history , " he told BBC News .
" Instead of asking ' was this painting done 40 years after these drawings ? ' , one might instead ask 'how are these statistics evolving over time and what does that say about the working style ? '.
" For many people those are more central questions , and probably more substantial questions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Paris ) -
The killing and rape of hundreds of opposition supporters on September 28 , 2009 , by Guinean security forces are likely to amount to crimes against humanity , Human Rights Watch said in a comprehensive report issued today .
Accountability for the attacks is key to addressing Guinea 's ongoing political crisis , which deepened following a December 3 shootout involving the country 's coup leader and his aide de camp , both implicated in the September violence .
The 108 - page report , " Bloody Monday : The September 28 Massacre and Rapes by Security Forces , " describes in detail the killings , sexual assaults , and other abuses at an opposition rally in a stadium in Conakry , the capital , committed largely by members of Guinea 's elite Presidential Guard , and the evidence suggesting that the attacks must have been planned in advance .
The report further details how the military government 's security forces engaged in an organized cover - up , removing scores of bodies from both the stadium and hospital morgues and burying them in mass graves .
" The serious abuses carried out in Guinea on September 28 were clearly not the actions of a group of rogue , undisciplined soldiers , as the Guinean government contends , " said Peter Bouckaert , Emergencies director at Human Rights Watch .
" They were premeditated , and top - level leaders must at the very least have been aware of what was being planned , our investigation shows . "
In the course of its investigation , Human Rights Watch interviewed some 240 victims , witnesses , military personnel , medical staff , humanitarian officials , diplomats , and journalists .
The report concludes that the majority of killings , sexual assaults , and other abuses were committed by members of the elite Presidential Guard commanded by the coup president Moussa Dadis Camara 's aide de camp at the time , Lieutenant Abubakar " Toumba " Diakité .
Others found responsible for serious abuses included elite gendarmes under the command of Captain Moussa Tiégboro Camara , the minister of state in charge of the fight against drug trafficking and serious crime , as well as police officers and men in civilian clothes armed with machetes and knives .
Since the events of September 28 , both Dadis Camara and Tiégboro have left Guinea to receive medical treatment in Morocco after being wounded in two separate incidents of infighting within the military on December 3 .
Diakité , allegedly implicated in the shooting of Dadis Camara , has gone into hiding .
The report includes chilling witness accounts describing how members of Guinea 's security forces burst into the stadium and opened fire on tens of thousands of opposition supporters who had gathered to demand a return to civilian rule .
As soldiers advanced , firing down the stadium 's playing field , they left a trail of wounded and dead .
Witnesses described how bodies were strewn across the field , crushed against half - opened gates , and draped over walls .
Others told how the panicked demonstrators were gunned down as they tried to scale the stadium walls ; shot point blank after being caught hiding in tunnels , bathrooms , and under seats ; and mowed down after being drawn out by soldiers who were pretending to offer safe passage .
Dozens of women described being subjected to individual and gang rape and sexual assault with objects such as sticks , rifle butts , and bayonets , while other witnesses described seeing at least four women murdered during or immediately after being raped ; one shot with a rifle through her vagina while laying face up on the stadium 's field begging for her life .
Human Rights
Watch researchers interviewed 28 victims of sexual violence , of whom 18 had been raped by more than one person .
The victims described being kicked , pummelled with fists , and beaten before , during , and after the sexual assaults .
Many victims showed Human Rights
Watch their bruises ; knife wounds on their back , buttocks , and extremities ; and fingernail marks on their thighs , wrists , and abdomen .
Victims also described how many women were taken by members of the Presidential Guard from the stadium and , in one case , from a medical clinic where a group of women were awaiting treatment , to private residences where they endured days of gang rape .
The investigation found strong evidence , including accounts from confidential military sources and medical personnel , that the military engaged in a systematic effort to hide the evidence of their crimes and misrepresent the number killed during the events of September 28 .
The government 's official death toll is 57 .
Human Rights
Watch 's investigation found that the actual death toll is likely to have been between 150 and 200 .
Beginning immediately after the massacre , members of the Presidential Guard closed off the stadium , took control of the city 's morgues , and removed bodies for burial in both known and unknown locations .
One source saw 65 bodies removed from a military camp in the middle of the night , allegedly to be buried in a mass grave .
Another source described seeing Presidential Guard troops removing bodies from a hospital morgue in the early morning hours of September 29 and burying them in two mass graves .
Human Rights
Watch spoke with the families of more than 50 people who were known to have died during the massacre .
In more than half of the cases , the families had not recovered the body .
The Human Rights Watch report also details scores of abuses by soldiers and civilian militiamen in the hours and days after the stadium violence - including murder , rape , and pillage - in neighborhoods where most rally participants lived .
The security forces also arbitrarily detained scores of men as they fled the stadium and during the neighborhood attacks that followed .
The 13 men among them interviewed by Human Rights Watch described being subjected to frequent beatings , whipping , forced nudity , stress positions , and mock executions .
The scale of these crimes and the dearth of any apparent threat or provocation on the part of the demonstrators , in combination with the organized manner in which the security forces carried out the stadium attack , suggest that the crimes were premeditated and organized , Human Rights Watch said .
The report cites as evidence the simultaneous arrival of security units at the stadium , the coordinated deployment to strategic positions in apparent anticipation of the fleeing demonstrators , the failure to use non-lethal means of crowd dispersal , and the presence of officers , including a minister tasked with security responsibilities .
Under international customary law and the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , crimes against humanity are certain acts , including murder , rape , and any other form of sexual violence of comparable gravity , committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack against a civilian population .
Human Rights
Watch found no evidence that any member of the security forces was wounded or killed inside the stadium or sports complex , demonstrating the one - sided nature of the violence .
All evidence collected by Human Rights Watch , including video footage , suggests that the opposition supporters were peaceful and unarmed .
The Guinean military government has failed to investigate , much less hold accountable , any member of the security forces for their role in the killings , rapes , and other abuses .
The report recommends that the Guinean government promptly investigate , prosecute , and punish in accordance with international standards the security officials believed to be most responsible for the abuses committed during the September violence , and ensure the safety and security of any witnesses .
Should the Guinean government fail to act on accountability , Guinea 's international partners should support international options to secure justice .
The UN has , speedily , set up an international commission of inquiry , which has already visited Guinea .
Human Rights
Watch called on the UN secretary - general to promptly make public the commission 's report and ensure that its findings are discussed and implemented .
" Guinea 's security situation and the whereabouts of several of those most implicated in the September abuses are uncertain , " Bouckaert said .
" Nevertheless , Guinean authorities and the international community need to insist on a full investigation of these horrific crimes and prosecutions of those implicated . "
The former head of the New South Wales Rural Fire Service ( RFS ) , Phil Koperberg , has hit out at the new ' catastrophic ' fire danger rating , saying he thinks it is inappropriate .
The category was introduced last year in the wake of Victoria 's Black Saturday bushfires .
Large areas of Victoria and South Australia were under a catastrophic warning yesterday but no major fires broke out .
Today the catastrophic conditions have shifted to north - east Victoria and parts of southern New South Wales .
Mr Koperberg told ABC Local Radio that ' extreme ' used to be the highest level of warning for fire danger , and that was strong enough .
" The Oxford English Dictionary defines extreme as ' to the highest degree possible , ' " he said .
" Catastrophe ... signals a disastrous end , an event causing much damage or suffering .
" To use that as a predictor is , in my view , inappropriate . "
Mr Koperberg says he acknowledges that New South Wales is following national guidelines and that the RFS uses the term very judiciously .
But he says he would not be surprised if the ' catastrophic ' category is scrapped in the future .
" It may well be that in the fullness of time , once these issues have been fully analysed and dissected , that there will be a re-configuration of the fire danger index , " he said .
" It may well be that the uppermost of that scale will be ' extreme ' and the terminology is like ' if a fire occurs in these extreme conditions the consequence could well be catastrophic ' . "
However , the current New South Wales Fire Commissioner , Shane Fitzsimmons , says the ' catastrophic ' threat level is both necessary and effective .
The Commissioner says ' catastrophic ' is only used when the fire danger is off the scale and that it is different to ' extreme ' .
" The research and the history has shown that there is a demonstrable difference and effect in fire behaviour , " he said .
The Commissioner says the feedback from the public on the issue has been positive .
Largely ignored
There are reports that the code red catastrophic warnings have been largely ignored by visitors to affected regions this week .
David Kennedy , who runs a tourist park in Victoria 's north - east , says the warning system is ineffective .
He says most guests did not know what a code red was , or chose to ignore it .
" We 've warned all the guests that were in the park at the time and we 've been telling guests that are arriving that there is a code red , " he said .
" But generally speaking ... the reaction from our guests has been , well , we 'll wait and see .
No one has actually left and no - one has decided not to arrive .
" There 's a feeling that code red may mean that , but it might not happen . "
There is also concern from some tourism operators , who say the new warning system will have a devastating effect on business .
While the dire warning has had little impact on some tourists who have already set up camp , Mr Kennedy says the industry is worried about the deterrent effect .
" We 've had a fire every three years here in Bright , but we could have a code red every three or four weeks , " he said .
" We do n't know just what impact that 's going to have on the tourism industry , and we think probably it could end up having a significant impact on the tourism industry . "
Mr Kennedy says the government has dropped the ball when it comes to alerting tourists to possible dangers .
" We feel in a way that the government has passed the responsibility of warning people on to the industry , and we 're going to suffer for it , " he said .
As splendid and theatrical as the museum is , however , it has suffered over the years .
Immediately after Gardner ’s death the main entry was shifted so that it now lines up with a vaulted side gallery , which meant that visitors lost the impact of stepping from the dark , brick entry corridor directly into the light - filled courtyard .
A small bookstore and cafe were stuffed into the back of the first floor in the 1970s .
Conservation offices and a temporary gallery are in a small 1930s addition plugged into the back of the museum , an area staff members refer to ( not , it seems , with affection ) as the doghouse .
Meanwhile the number of visitors has grown from a few thousand a year to nearly 200,000 .
The addition will clear up some of that mess .
The bookstore and cafe will be moved to addition ’s ground floor , and the space at the back of the old museum will eventually return to its original function as a meditative space with Buddhas and Chinese screens .
The new music hall means that the second - floor Tapestry Room , which is often used for recitals , can now be returned to its original state .
The collections will be freer to breathe .
But Mr. Piano has done more , striking an ideal balance between new and old without compromising the identity of either .
The addition , whose copper cladding will give it a muscular feel , is set discreetly behind the existing building .
A narrow garden , 50 feet wide , separates the two , creating a palpable tension , as between two magnets held slightly apart .
That sense of tension is also apparent in the addition , in a constant play between darkness and light , gravity and weightlessness .
The ground - floor lobby and commercial spaces will be wrapped entirely in glass , with the copper - clad gallery , music hall and offices resting above .
These three spaces will be divided by vertical bands of glass , so that from certain angles they will seem to be breaking apart .
( The gorgeousness of these forms may very well be diminished by the treatment of the copper surface ; Mr. Piano plans to treat the copper with acid , which will give it a uniformly green finish , rather than letting it age naturally , which would convey a passing of time . )
Image
The addition keeps its distance from the museum ’s Venetian palazzo .
Credit ... Renzo Piano Building Workshop
The sense of discrete spaces is enhanced by the treatment of the individual interiors , which feel less uniform in character than those in some of Mr. Piano ’s earlier museums .
The Justice Department needs to act swiftly and decisively to protect young people who are being battered and raped in juvenile corrections facilities all across the country .
A shocking new study by the Justice Department ’s Bureau of Justice Statistics surveyed more than 9,000 young people in custody and found that 12 percent reported being sexually abused one or more times , mainly by staff members .
Particularly alarming , the study found several juvenile facilities where 30 percent or more of the young people reported being raped .
Some of the institutions with high rates of victimization were in Indiana , Maryland , North Carolina , Pennsylvania and Texas .
These latest findings are consistent with those reported in June by a federal commission created by Congress under the 2003 Prison Rape Elimination Act .
The commission , which examined the problem for five years , also outlined a list of sensible policy changes , which the Justice Department has the power to make mandatory for all corrections institutions that accept federal money .
The commission said that corrections facilities must make it easier for victims to report abuse without fear of reprisal and promptly and thoroughly investigate all rape claims .
It said that prison employees must be better screened before they are hired , and they must be better trained in how to deal with vulnerable young people .
You can explore the different locations listed on the site by genre , country , interest or date of exploration .
This passion being by nature quite ephemaral , you will find that many locations are already gone .
You can also browse the latest website updates , find out more about urban exploration , about the author or his books !
Happy virtual exploring .
Showing all 86 urban explorations
Sort locations by : Name Type Rating Status Country Exploration Date Publication Date
CdK's Blast Furnace : brainstormed , calculated , dreamed of , and then ... accomplished !
A short story of a long ascent which took us to the 7th industrial heaven !
Factory *****
Active
Germany 2009-08-08 2010-09-30
Hospital X : one of the biggest State Hospital of the american East Coast , slowly abandoned due to the deinstitutionalization .
Hospital *****
Abandoned
USA 2007-03-25 2007-05-21
Saint sulpice secrets : spiral staircase , towers , furtive passages ...
Come to explore the most secret parts of St Sulpice Church
Rooftops *****
Active
France 2006-05-19 2006-05-19
Westport power plant : this industrial cathedral keeps its secrets behind sealed windows and high walls ...
Filming location of the movie 12 Monkeys .
Factory *****
Demolished
USA 2006-04-02 2006-04-02
1936 Berlin's Olympic Village : like the 29 other Olympic villages , the 1936 edition has only had a short moment of glory .
But unlike the others , the 1936 Olympics is possible the most significant games in our history
Public building **** Abandoned
Germany 2008-08-17 2012-08-03
Antwerp 's Forensic Institute : between death and oblivion the body must undergo - tests - .
Before being laid to rest .
In the tranquility of legality .
Thanatos comes to the aid of logic .
Hospital **** Demolished
Belgium 2006-07-23 2012-03-28
Beelitz - Heilstätten Sanatorium : this grand building has stood the test of time in history .
It cured Adolph Hitler , treated thousands of tuberculosis patients , and was a Soviet military hospital .
Join me as we explore the mighty Beelitz Sanatorium that is now lost and forgotten in the surrounding environment of Berlin ...
Hospital **** Endangered
Germany 2008-08-15 2008-08-23
Canfranc railway station : located in the Pyrenees , between France and Spain , this abandoned railway station was the largest station in Europe .
If you like king size derelict buildings , this is the place to explore !
Train **** Reconverted
Spain 2005-07-01 2005-07-01
Château Bijou : exploration of a real little operetta castle , with its stucco bas -reliefs and cornices and its Italian coloured frescoes ...
Private building **** Endangered
France 2006-12-27 2007-04-03
Eight Of Brussels ’ Churches : climb to cloud nine with us ...
A promenade on the sacred rooftops of Brussel - a short summary of 6 years of night explorations !
Rooftops ****
Active
Belgium 2004-03-02 2010-02-20
Fort Portalet : lost in the middle of the Pyrénées mountains , this abandoned fort dug into the steep cliff protected the border between France and Spain .
Military domain **** Reconverted
France 2005-12-30 2005-12-30
Hasard collieries , Cheratte : Coal mine of Cheratte : explore an old abandoned yet very rich and well - preserved coal mine .
Factory **** Abandoned
Belgium 2005-02-02 2009-05-07
Internationale Film - Union GmbH : Little copy and synchronization studio lost in the woods .
Don Camillo , Laurel & Hardy among many others have been germanized here ...
Private building **** Demolished
Germany 2009-05-17 2012-10-17
Joseph Lemaire 's Sanatorium : a scary art déco hospital lost in the middle of a forest .
Hospital **** Reconverted
Belgium 2005-09-06 2009-01-14
Maastricht casemates : come down and explore the 10km of military underground galleries , left intact and abandoned since 1868 ...
Underground **** Abandoned
Netherlands 2006-03-25 2006-07-18
Sabinosa 's Sanatorium : Visit a 1920s sanatorium in an idyllic location between the sea and the cliffs .
The TB patients were removed , replaced by orphaned victims of the Francoist regime .
Hospital **** Endangered
Spain 2009-08-30 2010-05-05
The abandoned crypt : explore the inside of this small cemetery to discover the forgotten underground galleries and the abandoned graves .
Underground **** Abandoned
Belgium 2006-08-05 2006-08-29
The mysterious steelworks : Night time .
A huge blast furnace .
Skip -cars .
Cowpers .
Rusted giants made of steel !
More than 100 m high .
Shall we include this exploration in rooftops section ?
Factory **** Reconverted
Belgium 2006-08-04 2006-08-05
Uckange Blast Furnace : photographed between 2004 and 2009 during the conversion from abandonment to museum .
This site will likely provide the only preserved insight into the steel industry of France .
Factory **** Reconverted
France 2006-03-12 2009-08-21
Val Benoît 's University : the engineers have left the former university campus of Val Benoît !
Explore these huge modernist buildings from the 30s .
Public building **** Reconverted
Belgium 2006-11-06 2010-12-25
Vilvoorde Prison : as many as 12,000 tramps , drunks , and prostitutes , all those that the society of the time considered a nuisance , were crammed in on four floors .
The vaulted cells had narrow slits as the only source of light .
A perpetual gloom reigned along the corridors that led to the many workshops ...
Military domain **** Reconverted
Belgium 2009-05-15 2013-02-02
Abandoned holiday camp : located in the Landes ( Southern West France ) , this abandoned camp is built in the forest , around an old pretty villa .
Public building *** Demolished
France 2005-05-01 2005-05-01
Anderlues coking plant : exploration of a tiny coking plant .
One of the last hardly standing in Belgium , most of them have been already destroyed .
Factory *** Demolished
Belgium 2005-04-01 2005-04-01
Australian rooftops : another way of urban exploration .
During the night , everything can be opened , climbed and explored ...
Rooftops *** Active
Australia 2005-10-01 2005-10-01
Cranes climbing : unusual night sights of the city
Rooftops *** Active
Belgium 2005-09-01 2005-09-01
Diamond 's opera : this page was just made to explain what infiltration means : - going into places you are not supposed to - :-)
Public building *** Active
Belgium 2006-07-23 2007-01-15
Highway bridges : underground and aerial promenades at the same time .
Very atmospheric
Underground *** Active
Belgium 2007-02-10 2007-02-13
Inside a roadbridge : instead of filling them up with concrete , most of the bridges have large artificial cavities .
Often aesthetical , they are so many places to explore ...
Underground *** Active
Belgium 2005-12-11 2005-12-11
La Goutte d'eau ( the ' Water Drop ' ) : the Lescun and Cette - Eygun train station is not used since the closure of the line Oloron - Canfranc .
But it was still used by an anarchist - environmentalist movement until October 2005 .
It is abandoned since this date .
Train *** Abandoned
France 2005-12-27 2005-12-27
Oostende military hospital : a huge complex of buildings including a nice chapel in the middle of sand dunes .
Hospital *** Reconverted
Belgium 2005-06-01 2005-06-01
RTT home : a nice and colorful vacation residence built in 1950 by an Art - Deco Belgian architect .
Public building *** Demolished
Belgium 2005-05-01 2005-05-01
SAFEA La Louvière : probabaly the largest abandoned factory in Belgium .
A beautiful colored chemical plant abandoned for years .
Factory *** Demolished
Belgium 2005-03-01 2005-03-01
The unknown shipyard : construction sites are boring to explore .
But ship construction sites are , well ... more interesting ...
Factory *** Active
Belgium 2007-02-11 2007-02-12
Verlipack Jumet : exploration of an abandoned glass bottles factory
Factory *** Demolished
Belgium 2005-11-11 2005-11-11
Charleroi civilean hospital : a huge and modern hospital , that is , in the seventies .
Demolition is in progress , but exploring the morgue is still worth a visit ...
Hospital ** Demolished
Belgium 2005-07-01 2005-07-01
Collignon 's brewery , Lécluse : yet another brewery from early XXth century .
Limited interest except for beer labels collectors .
Factory ** Abandoned
France 2007-01-27 2007-01-31
Interprochim S.A. : a strange exploration of a plaster sculptures factory .
Factory ** Demolished
Belgium 2005-04-01 2005-04-01
Le Valdor hospital : an XIXth century abandoned hospital located in Liège , Belgium .
A local classic urban exploration place .
Oppressive atmosphere ...
Hospital ** Reconverted
Belgium 2005-05-01 2005-05-01
Otzenrath ghost town : the Garzweiler min won .
Its continuous growth lead to the expropriation of this small German village .
Private building ** Demolished
Germany 2005-07-01 2005-07-01
Paris catacombs : visit the famous underground quarries and catacombs below Paris , with the ossuaries , ancient rooms and caves , blockhaus ...
Underground ** Abandoned
France 1999-01-01 1999-01-01
Stella - Artois malthouse : exploration of an empty and not well - known factory .
The ancient Stella malthouse is indeed worth a visit .
Factory ** Demolished
Belgium 2005-12-18 2005-12-18
Caestert underground quarries : explore these huge limestone quarries below the Belgian and Netherlands borders .
Underground * Abandoned
Netherlands 2005-01-02 2005-01-02
Charbrit Establishments : in a small village of the walloon region , one can discover the silos of the Charbrit factory .
A tiny aesthetical exploration ...
Factory * Demolished
Belgium 2005-09-03 2005-09-03
Nokia ’s infringement suit against Apple illustrates need to scrap US patent system
From a post on Jurist :
Nokia ’s infringement suit against Apple illustrates need to scrap US patent system
Stephan Kinsella [ General Counsel for Applied Optoelectronics and Editor of Libertarian Papers ] : “ A recent lawsuit filed by Nokia against Apple alleges that the iPhone infringes 10 of Nokia ’s patents .
Nokia is probably “ seeking between $ 200 and $ 400 million in damages from Apple , ” which JURIST characterizes as “ a relatively low amount to seek from a company that expects revenues …of over $ 11 billion this year . ”
It does n’t seem trivial to me , given that $ 400 million is a good chunk – say , 5 to 10 % or so – of Apple ’s profits .
And Nokia ’s is not the only lawsuit Apple faces .
Half a billion here , half a billion there , and pretty soon you ’re talking real money .
For other examples , see here .
This case is a good example of the waste caused by the patent system .
The common justification for IP is that it increases innovation and overal societal wealth ( see my article “ There ’s No Such Thing as a Free Patent “ ) .
But study after study concludes otherwise ( see my article “ The Case Against IP : A Concise Guide , ” and my post “ Yet Another Study Finds Patents Do Not Encourage Innovation “ ) .
Is this surprising ?
After all , the patent system undeniably imposes enormous costs on society – companies spend millions of dollars on patent attorneys ’ fees and salaries , patent filing fees , licensing fees , litigation fees , and so on .
Is the value of the extra innovation that patent law stimulates greater than all these costs ?
Nobody knows for sure , but the various studies almost universally conclude no .
Some studies even conclude that the patent system decreases overall innovation , meaning that that we are paying a huge cost just to have innovation impeded .
Thus , as noted by Mike Masnick , “ if you build anything even remotely innovative these days , you ’re going to get sued for patent infringement , probably multiple times .
It ’s become a massive tax on innovation , rather than a lever for innovation . ”
Many patent lawyers and IP advocates begrudgingly admit that the system is broken , or at least needs significant improvement .
As a senior partner in the patent department of a major national law firm wrote me :
Stephan ,
Your letter responding to Joe Hosteny ’s comments on Patent Trolls nicely states what I came to realize several years ago , namely , it is unclear that the US Patent System , as currently implemented , necessarily benefits society as a whole .
Certainly , it has benefited [ Hosteny ] and his [ partners ] and several of their prominent clients , and has put Marshall , Texas on the map ; but you really have to wonder if the “ tax ” placed on industry by the System ( and its use of juries or lay judges to make the call on often highly complex technical issues that the parties ’ technical experts cannot agree on ) is really worth it .
Of course , anyone can point to a few start - up companies that , arguably , owe their successes to their patent portfolios ; but over the last 35 years , I have observed what would appear to be an ever increasing number of meritless patents , issued by an understaffed and talent - challenged PTO examining group , being used to extract tribute from whole industries .
I have had this discussion with a number of clients , including Asian clients , who have been forced to accept our Patent System and the “ taxes ” it imposes on them as the cost of doing business in the USA .
But I disagree that the patent system is broken , or malfunctioning at all .
It benefits certain people and companies , as all taxes and regulations do .
The beneficiaries of this government program defend it with various forms of propaganda .
For example , they say that is a major cause of innovation and wealth – indeed , that it is necessary for innovation .
But as noted above , there is no proof that patent systems generate net wealth .
Another tactic is to call patent a property right – in particular an “ intellectual property right . ”
But calling it a property right does not make it so .
In fact , as I have argued extensively – from the perspective of someone who is both as a practicing patent attorney familiar with the system and a libertarian who is a strong advocate of private property rights – patent rights are not genuine property rights .
Patents are artificial privileges granted by the state that actually undermine private property rights .
A patent is a government grant that gives the patent holder the right to tell others how they can use their own property , by vetoing certain uses .
They can use this veto right to extort ransom payments , politely called licensing royalties today .
IP advocates often say that infringers “ steal ” ideas from the originators , to bolster their characterization of ideas and patterns as property .
In fact , in the dispute at hand , as reported here , “ Nokia said Apple has refused to pay for use of intellectual property developed by Nokia that lets handsets connect to third - generation , or 3G , wireless networks , as well as to wireless local area networks .
‘ Apple is attempting to get a free ride on the back of Nokia ’s innovation , ’ Ilkka Rahnasto , Nokia vice - president for legal and intellectual property , said in the statement . ”
In other words , Nokia is trying to make it look like Apple copied Nokia ’s patented inventions , so that it looks more like a thief .
But in a patent infringement lawsuit , the patentee does not need to prove copying .
In fact , the infringer could have independently invented the technology , totally unaware of the patentee ’s invention , and still be liable .
While Nokia here implies Apple is getting a “ free ride ” by using IP “ developed by Nokia , ” you can bet that they will happily accept a win in court over Apple even if Apple is shown to have independently invented the technology .
And what is wrong with copying , anyway ?
This is how society and technolgy advances : by emulation , by learning .
The free market thrives on competition and cooperation , and also on emulation and imitation .
Every stage of technology is built on the body of knowledge developed over the centuries .
Emulation and the acquisition of knowledge play a key role – are essential to – society and economy .
Nokia ’s own technology was not developed in vacuo .
There is nothing wrong with imitation .
It is part of the market .
It is essential to progress .
It is no more theft than learning is .
In fact , IP can be a barrier to learning , and even lead to censorship .
So , no , the patent system should not be reformed .
It should be abolished , for the sake of freedom , private property rights and prosperity .
For further elaboration of the ideas expressed in this post , see my monograph Against Intellectual Property , my article “ The Case Against IP : A Concise Guide , ” and other material on my website . ”
Update : see Intel Will Pay $ 1.25 Billion to Settle Disputes With Rival , reporting : “ Ending the computer industry ’s most bitter legal war , the chip maker Intel agreed on Thursday to pay a rival , Advanced Micro Devices , $ 1.25 billion to settle antitrust and patent disputes . ”
$ 1.25 billion in wealth transferred , and untold hundreds of millions spent on litigation , patent acquisition , losses due to strategic adjustments in response to antitrust and patent law …
Yet another example of how the central state ’s artificial legislative patent and antitrust schemes do nothing but destroy and waste wealth .
Well , not only that –they also enrich certain classes who parasitically benefit from the system , e.g. patent lawyers , litigators , and large companies .
Like this : Like Loading ...
DETROIT -- The Red Wings recalled forward Mattias Ritola from Grand Rapids ( AHL ) .
He likely will replace struggling Ville Leino in the lineup for Monday 's game in Columbus , though coach Mike Babcock said after Sunday 's practice that he had n't decided .
" I do n't have any idea what I 'm going to do yet , '' Babcock said .
" After the game last night we just went through our lineup and thought ( Ritola ) can help our team , so we called him up . ''
Leino has just three goals and three assists in 35 games , but it is his lack of competitiveness that disappoints Babcock .
" Everything here is about competition level for every guy , '' Babcock said .
" The way you make sure you play and get as much as you want is you compete every day in practice and compete every time you get a chance .
If you do that with your skill set , normally everything looks after itself . ''
Ritola practiced on a line with Valtteri Filppula and Drew Miller , while Leino was the odd -man out .
" Anytime someone comes in and moves into the spot you were in and now you do n't have a line , I 'd say that 's a message , '' Babcock said .
" But it 's not about sending a message anymore .
We got to be better .
You get so much opportunity and if you do n't take advantage of your opportunity , somebody else gets the opportunity . ''
Ritola was sent back to the Griffins after playing last Wednesday against Chicago .
" It 's a great opportunity for me to play with Fil , '' he said .
Howard starts again
Jimmy Howard will start on Monday , as Babcock will continue to ride the hot hand .
Chris Osgood has played in only six of the last 23 games , three of which he missed due to the flu .
" The way I look at it is real simple : I got a Stanley Cup because of Chris Osgood , so Ozzie 's been very good , '' Babcock said .
" I do n't think anyone likes watching the other guy playing .
It 's about being the best you can be .
He knows all this .
He 'll get his opportunity and run with it . ''
Zetterberg eyes road trip
Zetterberg , who suffered a separated shoulder on Dec. 17 , has been skating the last few days and hopes to be cleared to practice with the team this week .
He expects to return during the four - game road trip that begins in Phoenix on Saturday .
" It 's been getting a little better every day .
I 've been skating the last few days just to get the conditioning back , '' Zetterberg said .
" As soon as I can make a decent pass and shoot the puck a little bit I will probably be skating with the guys . ''
PF Bloggers Share Their Top Financial Resolutions for 2010
December is usually a reflective time of year , would n’t you agree ?
The end of the year is a chance to look back at our successes and failures throughout the year and also gives an opportunity to look at what we ’d like to change .
I like to make New Year ’s resolutions as well .
Although I do n’t keep them all , it ’s fun to look back and see which ones I did keep .
I think it ’s important to set goals and make plans – it ’s what helps us get and stay on track .
Did you ever wonder what a Personal Finance Blogger might have as their financial resolution ?
I have – so I hit the Twitter Streets again to ask this question :
What is your top financial resolution for 2010 ?
Here ’s the responses I received :
As you read through these , click on the Twitter handles and give these folks a follow !
Enemy of Debt ( @ EnemyofDebt )
We are really wanting to complete our Fully Funded Emergency Fund of $ 15,000 .
Nothing provides financial security like having an emergency fund in place .
This fund is very important to us because having this it will mean that we can move on to two other very important financial goals we have — which will be to fund our retirement with gazelle intensity and fund our children ’s college funds .
One goal leads to another .
Here ’s to a prosperous 2010 for us all !
Out of Your Rut ( @ OutofYourRut )
Reducing expenses , building savings and paying off debt .
We do n’t have much in the way of debt , but even a little is irritating ( or worse ! )
Bible Money Matters ( @ MoneyMatters )
My financial resolution for 2010 is to get my financial life a bit more organized , and to practice what I preach on my blog .
Within the past couple months my wife and I found out that we are expecting our first child , and that has really made me realize that I need to practice what I ’ve been writing about when it comes to getting life insurance , setting up investment accounts now that we ’ve fully funded our 8 month emergency fund , and putting together a set of instructions for my wife in case I were to die or become incapacitated .
Now that we are no longer going to be a dual income with no kids family , it ’s time to get organized and motivated !
Consumerism Commentary ( @ Flexo )
Continue doing things I enjoy and enrich my life .
Green Panda Treehouse ( @ Green_Panda )
My goal for 2010 is invest at least $ 3 k into my Roth IRA
Debt Free Adventure ( @ MattJabs )
My top New Year ’s Resolution is to pay off all high interest debt and build my Emergency Fund up to $ 20,000 .
While doing this I also hope to accomplish my move to full - time PF blogger before
12/31/2010 .
Miranda Marquit – Freelance PF Writer ( @ MMarquit )
Refinance the house .
Rates are low and we could [ get ] a 15 year mortgage for a little more than we are paying now , saving us big $ $ $ !
Get Rich Slowly ( @jdroth )
To be honest , I do n’t have a PF resolution for 2010 .
I ’m explicitly NOT setting a financial goal this year .
Everyday Finance ( @ EverydayFinance )
My 2010 res is to continue to derive savings from 2010 fixed costs in our family and increase top line via blogging .
Wealth Pilgrim ( @ NealFrankle )
Honestly , get my blog to earn a certain income ( wo n’t disclose ) so I can justify my time .
Money Funk ( @ MoneyFunk )
To surpass snowball plan by $ 5000 because I am eager to get out of debt and travel the world !
Good Financial Cents ( @ JeffRoseCFP )
We ’re in the middle of completion of our new home and we ’ve seen our emergency fund dip below the 12 month of monthly expenses mark that we like to have .
Our goal will be able to get it back to our comfort zone , in addition I ’ll be hoping to sock away as much as we can into my SEP IRA .
I like the idea of having a nice portion in cash and another working for us towards retirement .
Deliver Away Debt ( @ DeliverAwayDebt )
Pay off my 2nd mortgage which totals $ 24,000 .
I want to pay it off next in my Snowball because I ’m paying 12.75 % on the dang thing .
That is the highest interest rate of all my debts .
I ’m going to follow the 75/25 rule ( by Matt Jabs ) .
The 75/25 rule says that 75 % of all available debt snowball funds will be put toward the debt snowball .
The extra 25 % will be used to fund ( with CASH ) other savings goals .
I want to double my Emergency Fund to $ 2,000 , Fund a $ 1,000 vacation fund , and begin my Wife ’s new used car fund .
One Money Design ( @ OneMoneyDesign )
This coming year is an exciting one for us .
We will become debt free except our mortgage by paying off our final car loan .
We are already living out how paying off debt can free up additional money to meet financial goals such as snowballing debt and growing an emergency fund .
It has also provided extra resources to allow us to give more when we feel called to do so .
The emergency fund has been a difficult area for our family over the past few years .
It seems each year something comes up that uses up much of it .
We are grateful this system works as without our emergency savings we ’d be facing credit card debt .
So in general , the next goal will be building the emergency fund more to the point of further protection .
Change Jar Saving ( @ ChangeJarSaving )
Pay off the credit cards !
And have no more bills hanging over my head .
Upper Valley Mom ( @ UpperValleyMom )
Move to a envelope system and budget that husband and I can both work with , in order to get some traction .
Being Frugal ( @ Lynnae )
Pay off my student loan , because that ’s the last of my debt , besides the house .
Ducks and Dollars ( @skduck2003 )
Pay off 4 loans ( 1 auto , 3 student ) & increase savings in an effort to reach financial freedom !
Financial Highway ( @ MoneyHighway )
We are just changing priorities from saving to paying off Student loan so main goal is to reduce student debt ( only debt we have ) by 40 - 45 % .
Linsey Knerl from Wise Bread ( @ WiseBread )
My top resolution ( Linsey Knerl ) is to give more in 2010 .
I feel so blessed , and I would love to see my blessings help others .
SF Personal Finance Examiner ( @ UpsideofMoney )
To take my own advice .
For example , I handle my son ’s Roth IRA account and I ’ve built it the right way from the start ; I ’ve used textbook - classic investing and he ’s up 56 % this year .
My own Roth account is only up 23 % , has a hodgepodge of mutual funds , and needs a good dusting .
And of course my son is only 17 with a time horizon of 45 years , and I am looking at retiring in the next ten . 😉
Thrifty App ( @ ThriftyApp )
Try something frugal each month that I have n’t been able to bring myself to do .
January =handkerchiefs .
We ’ll see …
Fiscal Fizzle ( @ FiscalFizzle )
At the top for 2010 is getting serious about retirement .
It ’s been on the backburner for too long and I ’m losing time .
Credit Goddess ( @ CreditGoddess )
Start a home improvement fund .
Bought a house in 2009 & want to make some changes .
Foreigners Finance ( @ ForeignerFinan )
3 quality posts a week for 52 weeks to prove to myself and my readers I can continue to create solid content .
Steadfast Finances ( @ Matt_SF )
I ’m hoping to beat the @LendingClub ROI of 9.6 % .
If I can , I ’ll scale up my pilot portfolio .
Centsible Life ( @ CentsibleLife )
My top resolution is to continue to increase our earnings every month .
More money=out of debt faster !
Small Steps For Big Change ( @ SS4BC )
To be debt free ?
Why ?
Well should n’t that be evident ? =)
Rainy Day Saver ( @ RainyDaySaver )
To finish paying off our credit card debt and add extra principal payments to the mortgage
My personal finance resolution is to make 6 figures in 2010 selling my products from my blog !
I ’ll use that money to save for a house .
Personal Finance Notebook ( @patreniaspears )
A goal for 2010 is to fully fund our emergency fund .
Free From Broke ( @ FreeFromBroke )
My resolution is to keep looking at my life and see what I can do to improve it everyday .
Arohan ’s Investing Life ( @ Arohan )
I want to start and grow a new business in 2010 to a level that allows my wife to quit her job and raise our kids .
So I am looking to generate new income stream and improve family time .
This way she can also work part time if she wants .
I also plan to payoff the only non-mortgage debt we have ( personal loan , about 20K ) .
Kingdom First Mom ( @ KingdomFirstMom )
To practice what I preach ( use coupons effectively , pay off debt , build savings )
My Money Power ( @myMoneyPower )
My PF Res is to Be Happy .
A positive outlook can make a big impact in your finances .
There are studies showing depression leads to spending .
Financial Samurai ( @ FinancialSamura )
1 ) Earn $ 1 million bucks , 2 ) Win a minor tournament like the SF Tennis Open , and 3 ) Meet 36 new people , or 3 a month !
Money Help For Christians ( @ MH4C )
This year are goal to save enough extra money each month so we can pay off our mortgage 12 years early .
What About You ?
What is Your Top Financial Resolution for 2010 ?
I think one of your top resolutions for 2010 should be to Restore Your Money & Renew Your Mind by subscribing FOR FREE to more posts from Redeeming Riches !
Google + Comments
I have n’t paid for music in years and probably wo n’t for years to come .
This may have something to do with my employment situation and other assorted problems , but really my non-contribution to the music industry has come about through of the ease of access to data in all its forms , which the internet provides .
I ’ve been on the internet for over fifteen years now .
I remember the first time my Amiga32 computer played a sound file ( WAV ) .
Years later I remember playing Doom on my shiny new 486 .
Most of all I remember the realisation that I could play any game I wanted to – I just needed to log on to a BBS or use IRC and the world ’s digital entertainment output was available to me , free of charge .
Since then it has only become easier to access material online .
My tastes have changed from dodgy video games and softcore lesbian porn to psychedelic trance and hardcore lesbian porn , but the principle remains the same .
I do n’t have to tell you how easy it is to download music and movies , because you ’ve done it before and will do it again .
I know loads of musos , most of them are hardworking , sincere types .
Some of them even make good music which deserves to be recognised and rewarded .
How can I justify my illegal downloads to my friends ?
Well , like this .
I can barely afford to feed and clothe myself , so music purchases are simply off the table .
Given this fact , would you rather that I illegally download and appreciate your music , or that I never hear your music at all ?
If my right to enjoy art is predicated on my ability to afford it , I will never enjoy art .
Most musicians would prefer people hear and appreciate their music .
Those who would n’t are basically not worth mentioning – anyone who thinks that their right to money overrides the substance of their art is not an artist .
Taking a wider view , those living in the future will have unmitigated access to all of the media available in our day .
To them , bands playing now will simply be a part of our cultural history .
Is it our fate to be deprived of our culture , simply because we live in the period in which it is being created ?
Kids growing up today do not even know a world where they can’t access music , movies and TV for free .
These little humans have a total expectation with little or no compulsion to contribute .
You can moan and whinge about it all you like , it does n’t change the fact .
What are you going to do ?
Educate the kids ?
Tell them that while they can get music free , they should pay for it ?
To them , this will seem like donating to charity .
There is no turning back .
As MS and Apple and Sony all try their hand at restricting access through software and hardware Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) , hackers get better at breaking the DRM .
Locking down the global Internet and attempting to prosecute file - sharers is laughably impossible , though it does n’t stop the US ’ RIAA from trying .
Close the internet and we ’ll all connect to local networks powered by WiFi transceivers .
All of this pointedly ignores the economic realities that musicians must deal with .
Well , at this point , I simply point at CEO ’s salaries and wash my hands of the whole subject .
Money ?
The money system ’s all fucked up .
Do n’t ask me how to cure Capitalism .
U
03 03
07 M 0ft M
P 4
Th e
flight started as most do .
John
Lawrence
was a
pilot
with
Civil
A ir
Inc ,
a
fractional ownership company
flying a
fleet
of 23
Lear 35 As .
Last night ,
Jo hn and his co - pilot Kelly
Phillips repositioned
the Lear ,
from
their home b ase in Richmond , for an early morning departur e
from
Dulles .
Both pilots s pent a somewhat restful night at a local hotel , and arrived at Hawthorne
Flight
service
on the northwest
ramp
of
Dulles International .
The
taxi dropped them
off at
Hawthorne s
curbside
entrance .
A
short
walk later and they were checking
with
the fixed based operator to ensure that the
breakfast
trays
as well as the
coffee
an d beverage service ha d been loaded on the jet .
After
catching
a
free
cup of
coffee
from
the
counter , both pilots heade d
off for the
flight
planning
room with
a
short stop
at the
maintenance
office
While they w eren t rushed ,
the
passengers wou ldn t be arriving for an other 2 hours , they still had a number of task s to acco mplis h prior to
stepping
out the door .
Just down the hall
from
the main counter was flight lin e main tenanc e .
The jet had arrived basically code one , but John still wanted to
have
the number two engine
checked
prior to departure .
While inflight from Richmond , the number two engine b ad been running a
little
high on
th e
EOT .
Usually that
engine
ran a
little cooler
than
number one ,
but
yesterday
it was
running
a t about
650 F .
Still
within tolerances ,
bu t
about 1 00 F high er than usual .
Aft er landing , Hawthorne
wa s
asked to check the engine out and make sure everything was up to
speck .
After a few minu tes ,
the
young lady behind the desk ,
informed
them
that the
engine mechanic
had performed and engine run and had
found
everything to be within normal operating limits .
John acc ept ed the repor t and heade d down to
flight
planning .
Kelly was alread y there working the flight plan num bers and m anifest to the f light .
He
informed
John that they would have
4
passengers
and
that
the
weight
and
balance
was
complete .
Weather
was
going
to be a
prob lem tod ay
as the
cold
front
that
sho uld hav e already moved through
th e
area wa s stalled .
The current observa tion was for a 500 c eiling , layered up to flight level 210
with
three quarters
of a
mile takeoff visibility .
After
passing
flight
level
21 0
they should
be in the
clear .
Th e
weather
to the
west
an d
their
final
destination
wa s
clear , John then
called
Leesburg an d
filed their IFR flight plan for a 10 00 departure .
At
0900 ,
the
four
passengers arrived an d
were met
by John Lawrence .
Kelly ha d already stepped
to the
jet ,
completed
the
pre -flight inspection
and was
making sure everything
was
ready
for
their guests .
After
the tr ip brief ing , and baggage loading was c omple ted the five
left
th e terminal and pro ceed ed to the Lear .
While John co mpleted his
preflight
duties , Kelly ensured the
four
passengers were seated and provided a
safety
briefing on the
Learjet
3
5A . The following
is a
cockpit
and
tower voice recording transcript
of the final
minutes
of the
flight
TW R
=
Dulles
Tower CA M
1=
Pilot CAM2
=
Co-Pilot
RDO1
=
Pilot Radio Communication RD O2 = Co - Pi lot Radio Communicati on
Consumers have unknowingly put the plastics recycling industry in the United States on a starvation diet by failing to recycle sufficient quantities of soft drink bottles and other waste .
That 's the conclusion of a story in the Oct. 15 issue of Chemical & Engineering News .
In the article , C&EN senior editor Alexander H. Tullo explores the critical role of consumers in efforts to save energy and raw materials by transforming plastic wastes into new products .
Tullo notes that barely 25 percent of the billions of pounds of plastic bottles and containers manufactured annually in the United States enter the recycling stream .
While major cities like New York and San Francisco have shown that plastics recycling can be done successfully on a large scale , fueled by recycling educational programs and environmental pride , many municipalities are still falling far short of their desired recycling goals .
Financial concerns , technological difficulties , and stiff competition for raw materials by recyclers at home and abroad are among the combined challenges facing the plastics recycling industry , Tullo notes .
But the fate of the plastics recycling industry may ultimately rest in the hands of consumers , he writes .
Tullo's bottom line is a quote from one recycling expert : " There is not enough scrap material being collected . "
Article : " From Refuse to Reuse "
The problem is not just a matter of powerful fishing countries like Norway and Japan outmaneuvering the conservation lobby , but a fundamental shortcoming of international agreements like the Antarctic Treaty .
Because the conservation commission requires a unanimous vote for any sort of environmental action , it can be held hostage by a single party .
At the recent annual meeting , the commission again ignored scientific advice and struck down a market - based measure to fight rogue fisheries .
The plan would have allowed nations to reject fish imports from countries that allow illegal vessels into their ports , but Argentina scuttled it , arguing that it was a threat to international law .
Other measures , like a blacklist of boats connected to illegal fishing , are rarely enforced and easily circumvented .
For instance , when a Russian vessel called the Volna was placed on a provisional list in 2006 , Russia disputed the evidence and vetoed the decision .
New Zealand called Russia ’s move a threat to the Antarctic Treaty system .
But even if the boat had been added to the blacklist , it is doubtful that it would have been denied service at ports .
According to a report from the Pew Environment Group , since 2004 blacklisted vessels have made 27 visits to ports that are committed to the treaty system .
By contrast , many countries that have their own island territories in the region have fought back against illegal fishing .
In the 1990s , an estimated one - third of the toothfish harvest around Heard Island , an Australian territory , was illegally obtained ; but since Australia and France , which controls other nearby islands , stepped up enforcement in 2002 , that number has dropped to about one - tenth .
Recently an Australian court ruled that it was illegal for Japanese boats to hunt whales within 200 nautical miles of Australia ’s Antarctic land claim .
Perhaps it is time that other nations defend their own Antarctic claims .
This would no doubt put the agreement in jeopardy , but rather than bowing down to an international body that has failed in its stated mission , individual states could negotiate their own regulatory and licensing agreements for fisheries .
For example , New Zealand would be within its right to unilaterally establish a much - needed marine protected area in the Ross Sea .
The Chileans and the Argentines , whose claims overlap along a peninsula south of the Falkland Islands , could hash out their own deals .
Norway might well fish its own waters to depletion , but that would be the price of environmental gains elsewhere .
Most conservationists and fans of international law would be horrified by the idea of ditching the Antarctic Treaty .
But consider this : the Spitsbergen Convention did not survive  since 1920 the island has effectively become part of Norway .
Yet Norway , which has dug in its heels at nearly every meeting of the Antarctic conservation commission , has shown far more concern over an island it considers its own .
It has established environmental protections at Spitsbergen , shut hazardous mining operations and reined in Russian fishing trawlers .
It ’s not a perfect system , but it might be a better one for Antarctica than the toothless treaty that many will be celebrating Tuesday .
A search team has discovered the wreck of Australian wartime hospital ship Centaur .
The WWII ship was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine in 1943 and sank off the south - east Queensland coast .
Of the 332 people on board the AHS Centaur only 64 survived .
This morning , seven days into an official search , the crew of the Seahorse Spirit confirmed the location of the wreck .
Centaur search director David Mearns says the wreck location is about 30 nautical miles due east of the southern tip of Moreton Island at a depth of 2,059 metres .
Mr Mearns , who also led the searches for HMAS Sydney and Kormoran , says the discovery is quite an achievement .
" It 's a great sense of relief and satisfaction , " he said .
" Every time you find a shipwreck like this it's a little bit different and this was very , very hard compared to Sydney and Kormoran , whose finds were almost instantaneous .
" This has taken a number of days to really work out that we had the right target . "
Ian Hudson from the Centaur Association says the ship 's discovery will give closure to the loved ones of those who died .
" There 's been so many reports of finding the ship in the past where it 's been other vessels that have been sunk , and that 's caused a lot of problems for family , " he said .
" This will be the absolute end of it and I suppose in modern parlance people can then move on . "
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh has praised the work of the Centaur search team .
" The search team have done an outstanding job in the most difficult circumstances , " she said .
" This now means we have a final resting place for the Centaur and it can be marked and it can be preserved and protected .
" This is now a significant military grave site and an exclusion zone will be created to protect it . "
Ms Bligh says a remotely operated submersible vehicle with a camera will take more photos of the wreck in early January .
For 21st - century renaissance science , look no ­further than the stars .
Closer to home , the Royal Society , as part of its 350th anniversary celebrations , this week brought together some dizzying intellects to ponder the ­emergent field of astrobiology , and ask : " Are we alone in the universe ? "
Meanwhile , the space telescope Kepler silently orbits above , its continuing mission to seek out Earth - like planets .
Kepler 's eye focuses on what we fondly refer to as " Goldilocks zones " : areas of space close enough to a sun that planets therein are neither too hot nor too cold , but just right .
There , we think , we might find Earth - like life .
Present at the Royal Society meeting in London was Frank Drake , the godfather of the scientific pursuit of ET ; 50 years ago he founded the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence ( Seti ) , and designed a formula that predicts the number of civilisations capable of making contact with us .
Then not one planet was known outside of our solar system .
Today , with only an infinitesimal wedge of the sky incompletely explored , we have found more than 420 .
Every day evidence mounts that life beyond our planet seems almost inevitable .
What would aliens look like ?
Our psychological set - up is so egocentric that we find it hard to relate to creatures that do n't resemble ourselves : the common octopus rarely stands alongside monkeys in animal rights campaigns despite similar sentience .
Not only do we look for Earth - like planets , we think of aliens in humanesque form .
The " grey " alien of science fiction , with its frail body and enlarged head and eyes , plays to our evolution away from animal ancestry and towards our cerebral tendencies .
There 's no reason to think that an alien would stand on two feet , have two eyes or breathe air .
The subtlest shift in circumstance might render intelligent life entirely different to our anthropocentric obsession .
Some evidence suggests that our upright stance is connected with our ability to endurance - run : on the plains , our ancestors could n't outsprint a fleet - footed meal , so perhaps we stalked our food to death .
But imagine if our ancestors were mountain - dwellers : running would have had no currency , and no selective advantage .
Change the geography of the cradle of humanity , and humankind becomes something unimaginable .
It 's impossible to know , but fun to speculate .
This game presupposes that Darwinian natural selection is a universal truth .
Fine by me : it occurs in all known species , and there have been no credible challenges to the theory of evolution .
It 's hard to imagine the evolution of life via a different scientific route .
Life on Earth is encoded in DNA , the universal language on which natural selection acts .
Many scientists believe that the precursors of life began not with DNA , but its cousin , RNA – still a vital tool in all living things .
In 1969 a meteorite crashed into the Australian backwater of Murchison .
In 2008 , Zita Martins at Imperial College showed that it harboured an essential component of RNA that was extraterrestrial in origin .
While this does not say that life exists or began in space , it does say that the complex components of life are present in the universe .
When we return to Mars in the next few years , it will be these hallmarks we are looking for .
Frank Drake is a visionary , a man who quite rationally wants to find our place in the universe .
In 50 years of watching the skies , the Seti team has not found extraterrestrial life among the stars .
Either intelligent life is extraordinarily rare or its civilisations are short - lived , snuffed out by cataclysms , perhaps of their own making .
While we continue to explore our vast universe , we should remind ourselves that even if it is ­buzzing with life , our own existence is far from guaranteed .
The Chicago suburbs are buying into the red light camera movement , but the results are not very positive .
The number of accidents actually rose during the first year the cameras were installed in most instances , with another two showing no change whatsoever .
The trend reflects what other municipalities are finding when it comes to the alleged " safety " benefits of the cameras .
There is n't any , but that is n't stopping more cities from cashing in on the increase in tickets .
The Chicago Tribune put together a handy page that contains yearly accident data for every red light camera installed in the Chicago metropolitan area from 2006 and 2007 .
According to the data , the first 14 installed in the suburbs right after they got the green light ( ba - dum ching ! ) in 2006 showed pretty poor results : a full 50 percent saw an increase in accidents after the cameras were installed .
In fact , some of the intersections did n't just show an average increase — some of them were quite significant .
At the very least , the cameras do n't seem to be helping , and some believe they are leading to more accidents because more drivers are slamming on the brakes when they come up to an intersection equipped with one .
Two of the 14 showed no change at all after the cameras were installed , and only five showed a decrease in accidents .
Overall , the Illinois Department of Transportation says that accidents either increased or stayed the same at 60 percent of the 47 city intersections where cameras were installed in 2006 and 2007 .
The problem with red light cameras — aside from the fact that they do n't seem to reduce accidents — is that they are usually run by private companies contracted by the city , and those companies have little interest in installing them on red lights where violations are infrequent .
And , when they are installed on high - accident intersections , the number of $ 100 - a - pop tickets go through the roof .
In fact , it 's open secret that cities where the cameras are installed tend to see a fat increase in ticket revenues , and that 's part of the reason lawmakers are often hesitant to take them down .
There are , however , some municipalities that are bucking the trend .
The Chicago suburb of Schaumburg ditched its single red light camera last summer , claiming that there was no safety advantage .
( It was also pissing off residents , which some believe to be the true reason why the camera got removed .
Either way , the end result is that the camera is gone . )
The state of Mississippi also made waves earlier this year by banning the cameras on the state level , though the move was controversial even within the state .
Still , there will always be those who extol the virtues of the red light camera .
The Chicago suburb of Bellwood claims that drivers are more likely to slow down before an intersection with a red light camera , and numerous towns in Texas are fiercely holding onto their cameras .
Residents of those areas should just be careful not to get punked by cars masquerading with fake license plates .
Listing image by NIST
This gift had me smiling ear to ear .
Enclosed was a letter : " Hello Dragod .
Included in this package is an assortment of things that are entirely necessary :
One ( 1 ) cardboard box , in fair condition .
The damninteresting .com book , " Alien Hand Syndrome . "
A Hobo Tool .
It includes a knife for shanking people and a can opener for all your can opening needs .
A continuity tester .
Last year I spent months searching for one of these .
Unlike other claimed " continuity testers " it supplies supplies power to the circuit and lights up when there is continuity .
It is hours of fun !
A DVI cable .
I may or may not be spying on your every move .
Three ( 3 ) bags of genuine Indiana air .
Delicious ramen .
One is tonkotsu ( pork ) , and the other is soy .
Protip : Crack an egg in the water one minute before the ramen is done for an instant poached egg .
A crazy can of Japanese sardines .
Enjoy ! RandomAvenger "
It also included a small rubber duck that squirts water .
I think my favorite parts of this are the bags of Indiana air and the cardboard box .
Hours of fun !
Thanks , RandomAvenger .
Kein Zweifel : was sich Koch ( CDU ) und seine Freunde im ZDF - Verwaltungsrat geleistet haben , ist ein Anschlag auf die Unabhängigkeit des öffentlich - rechtlichen Mediums ZDF .
Aber der Protest der Chefredakteure und anderer Medienmacher wäre glaubwürdiger , wenn sie sich genauso vehement gegen den Zugriff der Wirtschaft und der neoliberalen Ideologen wehren würden .
Das tun sie nicht , offensichtlich weil sie in diesem Zugriff mittendrin stecken .
Albrecht Müller
Bekannte Medienmacher von Springer , Spiegel , Stern , Gruner + Jahr , Zeit , FAZ und FR wie auch die Vertreter von Reporter ohne Grenzen und des Deutschen Journalisten - Verbands beklagen die Nichtverlängerung des Vertrages von Nikolaus Brender als einen „ flagranten Verstoß “ gegen die „ Europäische Charta für Pressefreiheit “ ( siehe Anlagen mit verschiedenen Artikeln zum Thema ) .
Das ist ja alles recht und schön ; aber offensichtlich nutzen die Chefredakteure und andere Vertreter der genannten Medien den Fall Koch ( „ Fall Brender “ würde ich das nicht nennen ) , um sich als unabhängig darzustellen .
Das sind sie aber gar nicht .
Die Springerblätter , allen voran die Bild - Zeitung , wie auch der Spiegel und die Zeit zum Beispiel sind permanent in politische Kampagnen und in PublicRelations - Kampagnen zu Gunsten privater Interessen und der herrschenden neoliberalen Ideologie eingespannt .
Sie haben darüber hinaus in der Regel nicht kritisiert , wenn sich die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender in Kampagnen zu Gunsten der Wirtschaft und der herrschenden Ideologie haben einspannen lassen .
Sie haben in solchen Fällen auch nicht den Täter im Fall Koch , den MP Koch , kritisiert .
Die Einflussnahme und die Kampagnen der herrschenden Ideologie und der Wirtschaft auf die privaten und öffentlich - rechtlichen Medien sind meist kein Thema der Spitzenfunktionäre unserer Medien .
Dazu nacheinander einige Hinweise und Belege :
Die unendliche Fülle von Sendungen und Artikeln mit der Dramatisierung der demographischen Entwicklung , mit der Behauptung , der Generationenvertrag trage nicht mehr , und mit immer wiederkehrender Werbung für die Privatvorsorge wurde und wird nicht kritisiert .
Im Gegenteil : die Medien der im Falle Koch ( Brender ) protestierenden Chefredakteure sind die Hauptmatadore der Kampagnen pro Privatvorsorge .
Sie haben nicht die vielen dramatisierenden Themenwochen von ARD und ZDF kritisiert , sie stattdessen multipliziert .
( Siehe hier )
Sie haben nicht kritisiert , als die Allianz - Versicherungs - AG zusammen mit der Bild - Zeitung und Bild.de eine gemeinsame Kampagne für die Riester - Rente der Allianz , die so genannte Volksrente gefahren haben und dabei redaktionelle Arbeit und Werbung vermischten .
( Siehe hier )
Sie haben nicht dagegen protestiert , dass nahezu alle deutschen Medien einschließlich der Öffentlich - rechtlichen die falschen Behauptungen über die angeblich niedrigste Geburtenrate in der Welt und seit 1945 , mit der das so genannte Berlin Institut Mitte März 2006 an die Öffentlichkeit trat , verbreiteten .
( Siehe hier )
Die so unabhängigen Medienmacher haben immer mitgemacht , wenn auch die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender die These der Regierenden von Rot - Grün über Schwarz - Rot bis zur Schwarz - Gelb verbreiteten und verbreiten , die so genannten Reformen der Agenda 2010 und von Hartz IV seien ein Erfolg gewesen .
Wo war der Protest dieser Medien gegen die immer wiederkehrenden Behauptungen zum Beispiel der Tagesschau , wir hätten einen Aufschwung , wenn gerade mal 0,7 % Wachstum des Bruttoinlandsproduktes in einem Quartal festgestellt wurden ?
Die ehrenwerten Chefredakteure machen sich natürlich nicht die Mühe , 0,7 % x 4 zu nehmen und dann festzustellen , dass 2,8 % plus aufs Jahr bei einem vorangegangenen minus von 5 % nicht Zeichen eines Aufschwungs sind .
Unsere Medienmacher haben sich nie aufgeregt , wenn ihre Freunde von der Initiative Neue Soziale Marktwirtschaft und vom Institut der deutschen Wirtschaft und vom BDI bei den Intendanten öffentlich - rechtlicher Sender intervenierten , nur weil ihnen die ( seltenen ) kritischen Stimmen in den öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender nicht passten .
Die Wirtschaft interveniert erfahrungsgemäß ganz oben in den öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern , wenn ihnen etwas nicht passt .
Wo bleibt die Unterstützung der Kollegen in den öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern bei diesen Anschlägen auf die Pressefreiheit ?
Sie beklagen sich auch nicht darüber , dass der Interessenvertreter der deutschen Wirtschaft , der Institutsdirektor des Institutes der deutschen Wirtschaft Michael Hüther in öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern unentwegt als Experte und Sachverständiger präsentiert wird .
Sie beklagen sich auch nicht über die Staatsnähe in den deutschen Medien , die schon dadurch hergestellt wird , dass Angela Merkel , Friede Springer und Liz Mohn von Bertelsmann eng zusammenhängen .
Haben die Protestierenden bei Nikolaus Brender dagegen interveniert , dass das ZDF die Propagandaschau in Sachen Globalisierung und gegen Sozialstaatlichkeit des privaten Fernsehmanns Stefan Aust in Kombination mit dem Vertreter des ZDF , Claus Richter , ausstrahlte ?
Sie haben sich nicht darüber beklagt , dass die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender genauso wie ihre eigenen Medien , wie der Spiegel , Spiegel online und die Bild - Zeitung , massive Kampagnen gegen Andrea Ypsilantis Versuch , in Hessen eine linke Koalition zu Stande zu bringen , fuhren .
Dazu haben wir in den NachDenkSeiten ausführlich berichtet , unter anderem hier und hier .
Wenn die Damen und Herren Protestierenden im Fall Koch und Sachen Brender im Jahre 2008 nicht die Kampagne gegen Ypsilanti und die Linkskoalition gefahren hätten und diese auch in den öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern stattfindende Kampagne unterstützt hätten , dann bräuchten sie jetzt den Zugriff des Staates in Person des Ministerpräsidenten Koch nicht zu beklagen .
Dann gäbe es nämlich keinen Ministerpräsidenten Koch mehr und auch keinen solchen Vertreter im Fernsehrat des ZDF .
Wo blieb der Protest , der sich jetzt in Sachen Brender zu Wort meldenden Medienmacher , als im ZDF im Zusammenhang mit dem Sommer Interview eine massive Kampagne gegen Oskar Lafontaine und die Linkspartei gefahren wurde – völlig jenseits der Regeln eines öffentlich - rechtlichen Senders .
( Siehe hier ) Die Protestierenden haben nicht darüber geklagt , dass die öffentlich - rechtlichen Medien wie auch sie selbst die falschen Parolen von Steinbrück und Merkel , wonach die Finanzkrise nur aus den USA kam und uns wie ein Springinsfeldteufel überfallen habe , tausendfach verbreitet haben .
Sie haben nicht gegen die falsche Behauptung interveniert , wonach jede Bank in Deutschland „ systemrelevant “ sei .
Die protestieren nicht dagegen , dass die öffentlich - rechtlichen Medien wie auch die privaten Sender jeden Abend und jeden Tag Reklame für die Aktienmärkte und die Börsen machen .
Wo blieb denn die kritische Abrechnung um den Börsengang der Telekom ?
Wo bleibt der Protest dagegen , dass die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender wie die Privaten zum Einstieg in Aktien werben ?
Die Chefredakteure , auch solche aus den Reihen des berechtigten Protestes in Sachen Brender , haben sich von Angela Merkel nach der Entscheidung für die Rettungsaktion zu Gunsten der HRE in einem Hintergrundgespräch einbinden lassen .
( Siehe hier )
Wo ist der Protest der Spitzen unserer Medien gegen den Missbrauch der von öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern bewirkten Bekanntheit durch unsere Fernsehstars ?
Haben diese Damen und Herren schon einmal dagegen protestiert , dass sich Kerner und Beckmann zum Beispiel für Werbekampagnen zu Gunsten von Finanzdienstleistern und Fluggesellschaften einspannen lassen ?
Haben sie gefragt , was der Chefredakteur des ZDF gegen diesen Missbrauch unternommen hat ?
Die Protestierenden berufen sich auf eine bei der Europäischen Kommission hinterlegten Charta für Pressefreiheit .
Sie halten das Vorgehen von Koch und seiner Freunde für einen flagranten Verstoß gegen diese Charta .
Das ist richtig .
Aber haben die Protestierenden schon einmal dagegen protestiert , dass die Europäische Union systematisch das öffentlich - rechtliche System unseres Rundfunks unterminiert ?
Ich könnte diese Reihe von Ungereimtheiten um viele weitere Beispiele ergänzen .
Die Intervention unserer Spitzenmedienvertreter ist leider sehr unglaubwürdig , sie ist verlogen .
Es geht den meisten vermutlich nicht um die Unabhängigkeit des öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunks .
Offensichtlich nutzen sie diesen Fall , um sich als unabhängig zu präsentieren , was sie nachweisbar nicht sind .
Sie sind die Hauptträger eines für die Pressefreiheit tödlichen Kampagnenjournalismus .
Staatsferne ist gut .
Aber sie ist bei weitem nicht alles .
Staatsferne kann auch dazu benutzt werden , um die öffentlich - rechtlichen Medien noch mehr unter die Kontrolle der Wirtschaft zu bringen .
Dieses Ziel kann man bei den jetzt Intervenierenden nicht einmal ausschließen .
Die Kritik gilt übrigens auch den Juristen , die sich jetzt zu Wort gemeldet haben .
In der folgenden kleinen Dokumentation , sind auch einige wenige Wortmeldungen dieser Gruppierung angeführt .
Anlagen
Verschiedene Artikel zum Thema Brender :
30 . November 2009 , 16:25 Uhr
Fall Brender
Journalisten schalten EU - Kommission und Europarat ein
Beschäftigt die Causa Brender bald die EU ?
17 profilierte Journalisten und Verlagsrepräsentanten , die bereits vor der Ablösung des ZDF - Chefredakteurs vor einer Verletzung der Europäischen Pressefreiheitscharta gewarnt hatten , rufen jetzt Brüssel und Straßburg an .
Berlin – Nach dem Beschluss des ZDF - Verwaltungsrats zur Ablösung von Chefredakteur Nikolaus Brender haben am Montag 17 deutsche Erstunterzeichner der Europäischen Charta für Pressefreiheit die EU - Kommission und den Europarat eingeschaltet .
In gleich lautenden Schreiben nach Brüssel und Straßburg bezeichnete Hans - Ulrich Jörges , Mitglied der “ Stern ” - Chefredaktion und Initiator der Charta , die Entscheidung im Namen der Gruppe als “ flagranten Verstoß ” gegen Artikel 2 der Charta .
Darin heißt es : “ Unabhängiger Journalismus in allen Medien ist frei von Verfolgung und Repressalien , ohne politische oder regulierende Eingriffe des Staates zu garantieren . ”
Für die “ politisch organisierte Mehrheit ” im ZDF - Verwaltungsrat sei Brender offenbar “ zu unabhängig , unbeugsam gegenüber Versuchen politischer Einflussnahme ” .
EU - Kommission und Europarat , bei denen die Charta offiziell notifiziert ist , wurden aufgerufen , “ mit ganzer Kraft dafür einzutreten , dass die Europäische Charta für Pressefreiheit in allen Mitgliedstaaten , auch in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland , vorbehaltlos respektiert wird ” .
Quelle : SPIEGEL Online
ZDF : Nikolaus Brender
Robespierre beim ZDF
So banal funktioniert Macht im Fernsehen : Der “ staatsferne ” Verwaltungsrat murmelt etwas von schlechten Quoten und zu langer Amtsdauer .
Und beschließt dann über Nikolaus Brenders Schicksal .
Ein Kommentar von Kurt Kister
Quelle : SZ
Und weitere Hinweise hier …
Rundfunkrechtler Holznagel zur Zukunft von ZDF - Chefredakteur Brender
Am Freitag will der Verwaltungsrat des ZDF über die Vertragsverlängerung von Chefredakteur Nikolaus Brender entscheiden .
Ginge es nach umstrittenen öffentlichen Äußerungen des Gremiummitglieds Roland Koch ( CDU ) , wird es keine Verlängerung geben .
Diese Entscheidung aber sei “ nicht sein Bier ” , sagt Rundfunkrechtler Bernd Holznagel .
Quelle : dradio.de
23 . November 2009
Fall Brender
Journalisten warnen vor Verletzung von Pressefreiheitscharta
Was passiert , wenn der Vertrag von ZDF - Chefredakteur Nikolaus Brender auf Drängen der CDU nicht verlängert werden sollte ?
Prominente Journalisten fürchten , dass damit ein “ flagranter Verstoß ” gegen die Europäische Charta für Pressefreiheit begangen würde .
Hamburg – Vor einer Verletzung der Europäischen Charta für Pressefreiheit im Fall des ZDF - Chefredakteurs Nikolaus Brender haben 17 deutsche Erstunterzeichner der Charta gewarnt .
“ Die Entlassung von Nikolaus Brender durch einen massiven politischen Eingriff in die Unabhängigkeit des Zweiten Deutschen Fernsehens wäre der erste flagrante Verstoß gegen die Europäische Charta für Pressefreiheit in Deutschland ” , heißt es in einer am Dienstag veröffentlichten gemeinsamen Erklärung der Journalisten .
Quelle : SPIEGEL Online
I am flabbergasted at how awesome this gift is !
It beautifully wrapped in christmas paper with a fun top layer of brightly scribbled paper .
Inside were two really cool nature magazines from 1945 .
I love vintage ads and these magazines are full of them !
Next in the box was a collection of homemade apple butters , jams , and jellies .
I can't wait to try these !
They look sooooo yummy .
And my SS put the cutest om nom nom labels on them . :)
At first I thought there was just padding in the bottom of the box to keep the jars safe , but when I pulled it out , I realized it was an incredible homemade quilt with an upvote on it !!!
Can you believe that ?!?!
I was floored .
I am so touched by the amount of time and creativity that went into this quilt .
To top it all off , tahtsa wrote me a really sweet card with thoughtful details about all the parts of the gift .
I 've been really excited about reddit secret santa from the beginning , but I had no idea I 'd end up with such an amazing gift .
THANK YOU TAHTSA !!!!
The overwhelming majority of the market uses Microsoft Windows , so it should come as no surprise that Windows usage this past weekend was higher than that of Mac OS X .
The interesting stat , however , was that Windows 7 usage surpassed all versions of Mac OS X combined .
According to tracking firm Net Applications , Windows 7 commanded an average of 5.07 percent usage last Saturday and Sunday .
The growing slice of market share was enough to move past the 5 percent that Apple held across all its current versions of OS X for that week .
" It 's safe to say that Windows 7 's daily share did peak above Mac 's weekly share , " said Vince Vizzaccaro , executive vice president at Net Applications , according to Computerworld .
Looking at Window 7's full week average , which started out lower than numbers attained over the weekend , Mac OS X still led ahead by nearly a percentage point .
Windows 7's week averaged at 4.15 percent usage .
Vizzaccaro believes that the growth of Windows 7 will mean that it 'll soon leave OS X behind .
" Certainly , the trend line shows Windows 7 will surpass Mac share soon , " he predicted .
Follow us on Twitter for more tech news and exclusive updates here .
Elizabeth Lambert , 20 , might seem like a usual defender in the game of soccer playing for University of New Mexico in Woman ’s Division One Soccer .
But she got all the wrong attention while playing against Brigham Young when she was caught on video punching , shoving , tripping and yanking down player by the ponytail .
As a result New Mexico suspended the soccer player indefinitely and the school ’s athletic director , Paul Krebs , said “ There is no way to defend her actions . ”
Lambert , 20 , has been suspended indefinitely by New Mexico after she engaged in shoving , punching , tripping and yanking an opponent down by the ponytail last Thursday in a 1 - 0 loss to Brigham Young .
Paul Krebs , the athletic director at New Mexico , said in a statement , “ There is no way to defend her actions . ”
Lambert said she was “ deeply and wholeheartedly regretful ” for losing her self - control during the Mountain West Conference tournament semifinal match .
Source : www.nytimes.com
As every other issue – it found its way on facebook with a page titled –
She did n’t get any love there –
Yes … Throw her out of UNM … Prosecute her to the fullest extent of the law …
But… UNM should assist her getting into another college with no perks – education only …..
Even though i think she is a TOTAL THUG , this does not warrant for her education to suffer …
She just needs to be prosecuted for assault !
… 2000 hours of community service involving soccer would be a good add on to her sentencing as well
One of the most disgusting display of football I have ever seen !
She should be banned from playing football in any capacity , this sets a precedence of violence in sport that is simply not tolerable .
Really where is the referee ??
I think she played because American referees also dont know football like that Elizabeth bitch 🙂
She should ban from any sports at all ..
Instead of banning her from ladies soccer , why do n’t we just offer her a career change as this group ’s enforcer .
We ’ll just send her places to beat the shit out of select people .
Ban the bitch .
Charge her with assault .
Get her into therapy for aggression and perhaps some anger management .
This is way over the top violent and not sports .
I ’d like to add a ban on coaches who allow that kind of behavior , as well as a ban on the officials who wo n’t call fouls , or are not seeing them ( how can you not see those ? ) .
This girl should have been out of the game , and if the officials are n’t going to call it , her coach should have benched her !
Source : www.facebook.com
I am little surprised for the following reasons –
Where was the referee ?
Why was he allowing this kind of behaviour ?
She should have been given a red card for the fist punch .
?
Why was he allowing this kind of behaviour ?
She should have been given a Which makes me think , is this kind of violence normal in woman ’s soccer ?
I have seen yanking pony tails and shoving before .
Have n’t we already seen a lot of violence in regular men ’s sports ?
Are OK with men talking jabs at each other in NHL , causing concussions in NFL , etc. but a woman playing rough is an issue ?
Do n’t we know that feigning an injury in soccer is beneficial for the team , so most of the players fall even on a slightest touch ?
Maybe we should start watching more soccer to pass judgements .
And further , I would rather suspend the referee and coach who let this behaviour to take place .
Referee should have pulled up a red card and / or coach should have substituted her .
It does make me believe that she was asked to be rough and was ignored by the referee .
Check the following video on violence in sports and then pass rethink –
Why just stop at Elizabeth Lambert ?
Why not go after all violence ?
What do you all think ?
M- Dub on the imminent double dip ( absent Stimulus 293,495 in under 2 years ) and overvalued financials , so basically saying nothing new , yet somehow managing to generate headlines that spook the 2 i7's that are still trading into a brief game of pass the potato .
We almost miss Dick Bove .
RIO DE JANEIRO 
A judge in Santiago ruled Monday that a former Chilean president , Eduardo Frei Montalva , had been poisoned and charged three people connected with the Pinochet dictatorship with murder in the 28 - year - old case .
Alejandro Madrid , a judge with the Court of Appeals , said there was evidence that Mr. Frei , who was president of Chile from 1964 to 1970 , was poisoned with low doses of mustard gas and thallium in the months before his death on Jan. 22 , 1982 .
The poisoning at the Santa María Clinic in Chile ’s capital compromised Mr. Frei ’s immune system , the indictment said , and made him too weak to survive surgery for a stomach ailment , which the original autopsy had ruled as the cause of death .
The indictment charged six people in connection with the killing .
A doctor connected to Gen. Augusto Pinochet ’s army , a former intelligence agent under the general and Mr. Frei ’s driver were charged with murder .
Two doctors who were alleged to have falsified the autopsy report were charged with covering up the killing , and a third was charged as an accomplice .
“ The only one getting a positive review is Fox News . ”
An essay from a conservative media critic ?
A GOP blogger trumpeting the ratings of the allegedly “ Fair and Balanced ” news network ?
Nope .
A poll of 1,151 registered American voters , who were asked whether they trust each of the major television news networks .
Ranking number one : Fox News Channel .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ 49 % of Americans say they trust Fox News to 37 % who disagree , ” the poll ’s authors wrote .
“ Predictably there is a large party split on this with 74 % of Republicans but only 30 % of Democrats saying they trust the right leaning network . ”
“ CNN does next best because it is the second most trusted of Democrats , Republicans , and independents .
39 % say they trust it compared to 41 % who do not , with 59 % of Democrats , 33 % of independents and 23 % of Republicans saying it carries credibility with them . ”
“ The major networks all have the majority trust of Democrats but less than 20 % from Republicans .
NBC , perhaps because of the ideological bent of MSNBC , does the best among Democrats at 62 % .
Overall 35 % of voters trust it to 44 % who do not .
CBS does the worst among Republicans , with 69 % distrusting it .
A plurality of independents express distrust of all five outlets we tested .
“ A generation ago you would have expected Americans to place their trust in the most neutral and unbiased conveyors of news , ” said Dean Debnam , President of Public Policy Polling .
“ But the media landscape has really changed and now they ’re turning more toward the outlets that tell them what they want to hear . ”
Some , however , take issue with Public Policy Polling , noting that a member of the company who spoke to the press last year said they supported Obama ’s presidential run .
Library officials in Leicestershire have banned a regular reader from their building following complaints about his " pungent " body odour .
The council said they were forced to act as visitors left Wigston Library when Stuart Penman , 27 , arrived .
Staff said they have advised him about his personal hygiene , but it had not improved after a year .
Mr Penman has now been banned from the building for six months .
He reportedly said he felt picked on .
Mr Penman , who came forward to highlight his complaints in the media , said : " I went in there on Monday with my wife and they told me I was barred because of my feet . "
' Using deodorant ' Margaret Bellamy , head of the county council 's library services , said : " He has been using the library for a while and we 've been getting complaints about his personal hygiene for about a year .
" We 've sat down with him to see what can be done and even asked him if he 's been washing , using deodorant and regularly changing his clothes .
" We 've had people leaving and saying it 's because of the smell .
" I feel very sorry about the whole situation and it's not a decision we took lightly but we 've done all we can to help and it 's still not getting any better .
" When people were refusing to come into the library we felt we had no other option . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Likewise missing from Comfort 's bowdlerized version of the Origin is Chapter 13 , where Darwin explained how evolution makes sense of classification , morphology , and embryology .
To take a simple example , why do all land vertebrates ( amphibians , mammals , and reptiles and birds ) have four limbs ?
Not because four limbs are necessarily a superior design for land locomotion : insects have six , arachnids have eight , and millipedes have , well , lots .
It 's because all land vertebrates descended with modification from a four - legged ( " tetrapod " ) ancestor .
Since Darwin's era , scientists have repeatedly confirmed that the more recently two species have shared a common ancestor , the more similar are their anatomy , their biochemistry , their embryology , and their genetics .
" Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution , " as a famous geneticist said .
That 's why evolution is taught matter - of - factly in the biology and geology departments of every respected university in the country , secular or sectarian , from Berkeley to Brigham Young .
That 's why the National Academy of Sciences and the American Association for the Advancement of Science wholeheartedly endorse the teaching of evolution in the public schools .
That 's why thousands of papers applying , extending , or refining evolution are published in the scientific research literature every year .
But there 's no reason for students to refuse Comfort 's free — albeit suspiciously abridged — copy of the Origin .
Read the first eight pages of the introduction , which is a reasonably accurate , if derivative , sketch of Darwin 's life .
The last 10 pages or so are devoted to some rather heavy - handed evangelism , which does n't really have anything to do with the history or content of the evolutionary sciences ; read it or not as you please .
But do n't waste your time with the middle section of the introduction , a hopeless mess of long - ago - refuted creationist arguments , teeming with misinformation about the science of evolution , populated by legions of strawmen , and exhibiting what can be charitably described as muddled thinking .
For example , Comfort 's treatment of the human fossil record is painfully superficial , out of date , and erroneous .
Piltdown Man and Nebraska Man — one a forgery , the other a misidentification , both rejected by science more than 50 years ago — are trotted out for scorn , as if they somehow negate the remaining huge volume of human fossils .
There are more specimens of " Ardi " ( the newly described Ardipithecus ramidus ) than there are of Tyrannosaurus — and any 8 - year - old aspiring paleontologist will be delighted to tell you how much we know about the T. rex !
But you would n't learn any of this from reading Comfort 's introduction .
He says , " Java Man [ a Homo erectus ] , found in the early 20th century , was nothing more than a piece of skull , a fragment of a thigh bone , and three molar teeth . "
Well , that was from a single site — excavated in the 1890s .
What about the dozens of other sites where fossils of H. erectus are found , from China to Kenya to Georgia ?
Another whopper : " Java Man is now regarded as fully human . "
Trust me , if one sat down next to you on the bus , you would know the difference .
In fact , the fossil record for the human lineage is impressive , providing the evidence on which our understanding of the big events of human evolution is based .
We and modern chimpanzees shared a common ancestor millions of years ago ; the main feature separating us from our chimpanzee cousins is bipedalism , followed by toolmaking , and then brain expansion , and then the substantial elaboration of behavior we call human culture .
More fossils will provide more details , but this outline of human evolution is not in serious doubt among scientists .
It 's not just human evolution that Comfort misrepresents .
His main gripe is the old creationist standby , the supposed lack of transitional forms in the fossil record .
( Darwin addressed the objection in Chapter 9 of the Origin , interestingly not included in Comfort 's version . )
Comfort sneers at the fossil evidence for the terrestrial ancestry of whales and the dinosaurian ancestry of birds .
Too bad for him that he has a knack for picking bad examples :
There are splendid fossils of dinosaurs that have feathers and of whales that have legs — and even feet .
Faced with ignorance like this , I 'm reminded of a jeremiad : " Oh foolish people , and without understanding ; which have eyes , and see not ; which have ears , and hear not . "
But if you are willing to use your ears to listen to what paleontologists say about transitional features and use your eyes to look at the evidence described in the scientific literature ( as well as displayed in many museums and science centers around the country ) , you will find transitional fossils galore .
There are clear transitional series from aquatic vertebrates to land vertebrates , from primitive land vertebrates to mammals , from dinosaurs to birds , from land vertebrates to whales , and of course a wonderful series of fossils leading to Homo sapiens .
A good place to begin is a marvelous website dismissively mentioned ( and erroneously described ) in Comfort 's introduction , the University of California Museum of Paleontology 's Understanding Evolution .
This year marks the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species , both occasions worth celebrating by anyone who cares about our understanding of the natural world .
So it 's no surprise that creationists are trying to piggyback on the festivities with cynical publicity stunts like Comfort's .
But I have faith that college students are sharp enough to realize that Comfort 's take on Darwin and evolution is simply bananas .
DANIEL :
The Ducks have won 4 in a row , and in response , the OC Register has released this poll .
The Register 's optimism aside , if Anaheim is going to jump over the 5 teams standing between them and a playoff spot , then they are going to need some help and a much longer string of victories .
To weave that string , the Ducks could certainly use a boost on the man advantage .
Corey Perry 's power play goal was the team 's first in its current win streak , and the only one in their past 5 games .
The Hockey News is reporting that Sheldon Souray has agreed to waive his no trade clause , and that since his family is based in California , a deal to the Golden State might be the most enticing for him .
Arthur , I 've been asking for blueline help all year , should the Ducks get interested in acquiring Souray ?
ARTHUR :
This is one of those moments that I wish we'd been blogging for longer than 10 months .
If we had been , then I could point to a summer of 2007 entry where I demanded we acquire Souray , as well as its inevitable follow - up , decrying the sub sequent acquisition of Schneider and Bertuzzi .
But , alas , I have to rely on you and your memory .
So confirm for our readers , my 'we must get him ' free agents for the past three years have been Souray , Streit and Koivu respectively , non ?
DANIEL :
I 've known about your love of Souray for a while , and yes , you did say that he should be the D man we get to help with the loss of Niedermayer in 2007 .
ARTHUR :
Thank you for humoring me .
So , then , you know my answer to this question is , yes , we should .
This may not be the contract I would have proposed we offer him three years ago , but it 's a great contract for the front office to acquire at the deadline .
His payroll becomes 4.5 M next year , though the cap hit stays at 5.4 M .
For a lot of teams , that 's a problem , but Anaheim has budget issues not cap issues .
This is the kind of contract that allows us to spend to the cap limit while still staying at or under budget .
It also becomes a contract that 's easy to move to a team looking to benefit from another team 's front - loaded goodwill .
As for his skills on the ice , I know it was a tough injury for him this year , and you do n't want to be tied to any guy with head problems , even with the new Messier chapeau hitting the market .
But Daniel , you 've been lamenting two things this year : the loss of Pronger 's snowplow in front of the net and the pending loss of Niedermayer 's offense .
Souray is a mean mix of the two : a leader and vicious defender in front of the net and a cannon from hell at the point .
Is he a genius defender ?
No , but the Ducks have shown that they can get smart defensive value from a 500 K player willing to play the system in Brookbank , and they will have cheap blueline greenhorns in the near future .
As far as gamechangers go , my opinion remains unaffected by his injury and it's made only more emphatic by his contract price next year :
We must get him !
DANIEL :
I 'm sure it 's much more fun for readers when we disagree , but I mostly asked this question because I was sure we'd be of one mind .
It 's hard to find a deal that stands up and screams that it 's waiting for you to just come along and make it happen .
This is that kind of deal .
Souray is exactly the player Anaheim needs right now .
He 's a guy who can quarterback that top PP unit while Scotty wanders and stresses out every penalty killer on the ice .
You have to respect his shot , and that creates more space for the other guys in the play .
With the skaters we have on that unit , his added presence would be a godsend .
I wo n't reiterate the positives about his contract , but I will say that swinging this deal might be a little tough .
I know the Ducks have a little bit of wiggle room , but the Oiler s are n't going to give this one up without a decent prospect and a high draft pick .
It might even be one of our first rounders .
Still , Wisniewski might be an interesting acquisition for them , and they might be willing to pay to keep him in the long term .
Souray is tenacious and that shot is just plain deadly .
As the Ducks find consistent defensive play from the likes of Eminger and Brookbank , Wisniewski 's mistakes become more glaring and not worth his salary and currently limited offensive output .
This deal needs to be made as soon as possible .
Who knows , it might make Murray look smart .
Never heard of him .
Now are you getting on or what ?
Shares
Note :
This is a slightly modified version of an article that was published in the magazine Skeptical Inquirer , Volume 34 , No. 1 , January / Februrary 2010 .
It is reprinted here with the kind permission of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry .
— — — ——
–
Chiropractors , homeopaths , naturopaths , acupuncturists , and other alternative medicine practitioners constantly criticize mainstream medicine for “ only treating the symptoms , ” while alternative medicine allegedly treats “ the underlying causes ” of disease .
Nope .
Not true .
Exactly backwards .
Think about it .
When you go to a doctor with a fever , does he just treat the symptom ?
No , he tries to figure out what ’s causing the fever and if it ’s pneumonia , he identifies which microbe is responsible and gives you the right drugs to treat that particular infection .
If you have abdominal pain , does the doctor just give you narcotics to treat the symptom of pain ?
No , he tries to figure out what ’s causing the pain and if he determines you have acute appendicitis he operates to remove your appendix .
I guess what they ’re trying to say is that something must have been wrong in the first place to allow the disease to develop .
But they do n’t have any better insight into what that something might be than scientific medicine does .
All they have is wild , imaginative guesses .
And they all disagree with one another .
The chiropractor says if your spine is in proper alignment you ca n’t get sick .
Acupuncturists talk about the proper flow of qi through the meridians .
Energy medicine practitioners talk about disturbances in energy fields .
Nutrition faddists claim that people who eat right wo n’t get sick .
None of them can produce any evidence to support those claims .
No alternative medicine has been scientifically shown to prevent disease or to cure it .
If it had , it would have been incorporated into conventional medicine and would no longer be “ alternative . ”
Are these practitioners treating the underlying cause , or are they simply applying their one chosen tool to treat everything ?
Chiropractors treat every patient with chiropractic adjustments .
What if a doctor used one treatment for everything ?
You have pneumonia ?
Here ’s some penicillin .
You have a broken leg ?
Here ’s some penicillin .
You have diabetes ?
Here ’s some penicillin .
Acupuncturists only know to stick needles in people .
Homeopaths only know to give out ridiculously high dilutions that amount to nothing but water .
Therapeutic touch practitioners only know to smooth out the wrinkles in imaginary energy fields .
They are not trying to determine any underlying cause : they are just using one treatment indiscriminately .
How do you define “ cause ” ?
We do n’t know what “ causes ” gravity , but we understand enough about how it works to overcome it with elevators , airplanes , and rockets to the moon .
We may not know what ultimately “ causes ” asthma , but we know enough about the causes of airway constriction and inflammation to devise effective treatments .
Let ’s take a simple example : strep throat .
The symptom is throat pain .
Doctors do n’t just treat the pain – they do a throat culture , they determine that a strep infection is causing the pain , and they treat the infection with an antibiotic .
But what caused the strep infection ?
The body had to host the bacteria and respond to their presence by developing symptoms ; the bacteria had to be capable of multiplying in the human body .
The patient had to be exposed to another person who had a strep infection , who in turn had caught it from someone else – involving a chain of social and epidemiologic causes .
The bacteria had to evolve from ancestor bacteria and the human from ancestor animals .
In order for the life to develop , the circumstances on the early Earth had to be propitious .
Keep going .
The Earth had to have formed and cooled .
Stars had to have created the necessary carbon , nitrogen , and other elements that were not present in the early universe .
Keep going , and you will end up saying these words from the theme song of a popular TV show : “ It all started with the Big Bang . ”
If you really want to be picky , you could go one step further and say the real cause was whatever caused the Big Bang .
( But what caused that cause ?
Turtles all the way down ? )
So you see , “ cause ” involves a chain of causation and there can even be several simultaneous causes .
“ Cause ” can mean pretty much anything you want it to .
But however you look at it , doctors definitely do not “ just treat symptoms . ”
Philosophy has studied causation .
Aristotle said everything had four causes : material , formal , efficient , and final .
And he introduced complications : proper ( prior ) causation and accidental ( chance ) causation .
Potential or actual , particular or generic .
Reciprocal or circular causality as a relation of mutual dependence or influence of cause upon effect .
The same thing as the cause of contrary effects when its presence and absence result in different outcomes .
He recognized that the subject of causation was complicated .
Alternative providers are more “ simple ” minded .
They often claim to know the one true cause of all disease .
That is curious , because medical science defines several categories of causes falling under the mnemonic VINDICATE :
V – Vascular
I – Infectious / inflammatory
N – Neoplastic
D – Drugs / toxins
I – Intervention / iatrogenic
C – Congenital / developmental
A – Autoimmune
T – Trauma
E – Endocrine / metabolic .
And sometimes more than one cause is involved : a traumatic injury gets infected .
Where science finds complexity , alternative medicine imagines simplicity .
As H.L. Mencken said :
For every complex problem , there is an answer that is clear , simple — and wrong .
Some homeopaths claim to treat “ genetic ” illness , tracing its origins to 6 main genetic causes : Tuberculosis , Syphilis , Gonorrhoea , Psora ( scabies ) , Cancer , Leprosy .
Bet you did n’t know tuberculosis was genetic !
Neither did I . Science classifies all these as infectious except for cancer , which is neoplastic .
Homeopathy disregards science and redefines “ genetic ” to suit its own inscrutable purposes .
Science finds many causes for disease and sometimes more than one cause for a given disease .
Pseudoscience has identified the one true cause of all disease – many times .
I did an Internet search and found the following 69 one causes of all disease .
This is not an exhaustive list but rather an exhausted list ( I stopped when I got tired of searching ) .
Toxemia
Subluxations
Oxygen deficiency
Psora
“ Fearful , tight and negative minds ”
Obstruction of ch’i along the meridians
Refined sugar
“ Fault of awareness ”
Grains in the diet
False beliefs and fears
“ Imbalance ”
Ama due to aggravated doshas
Stress
Anger
Modern medicine
Some morbid agent , producing irritation and inflammation
Arrogance
A “ non-perceivable but very real attachment to the material aspect of creation ”
Inadequate nutrition
A congested colon
“ All disease is a learned experience which we can un-learn . ”
“ All illness is in our minds , ” and we can cure it with faith in God , meditation , or whatever .
Spiritual vital force and its dynamic derangement
Holding on to energy within the physical , emotional and spiritual bodies that is not in harmony with us
Impairment of movement of the bones of the skull
Bad health habits
Nerves too tense or too slack
God
Lack of life
Witchcraft
Miasms
Poor sanitation
A shock experience that catches us completely off guard
Cellular memories
An excess or insufficiency of nervous tension
Poor digestion
Weak digestive fire
Exogenous toxins
Morbid matter
An unbalanced life style
Disharmony in the equilibrium of Yin and Yang
A breakdown of the immune system
A weak “ immine ” system
Malnutrition
Free radicals
An imbalance of electrons in the cellular atoms
Emotion
Sin
Food abuse
Allergies
Ignorance of reality
Dis-ease on any level ( physical , emotional , mental , soul or spiritual ) is incorrect vibratory rate(s ) , patterns which are not appropriate , or blocked energy pathway ( s ) within or between the various levels of existence
Repletion
The blood
Morbid humors
Poisonous chemicals
Emotional trauma
“ Allurement ” of the mind by sense objects and its “ willfulness ” in gratifying these desires
Toxic metals
Cold
Blocked nerves
Our inability to adapt
Overeating
Poverty
Food acidity
Violation of natural law
Liver flukes
Breaking taboos
And my favorite : “ the United KKK States of America is the root cause of all disease … ”
It never seems to bother them that others have found different one true causes .
In his book Voodoo Science , Bob Park describes a press conference following a meeting to discuss government funding for alternative medicine research :
Perhaps the strangest part of the press conference consisted of brief statements by individual members of the editorial review board of what they saw as the most important issues for the Office of Alternative Medicine .
One insisted that the number - one health problem in the United States is magnesium deficiency ; another was convinced that the expanded use of acupuncture could revolutionize medicine ; and so it went around the table , with each touting his or her preferred therapy .
But there was no sense of conflict or rivalry .
As each spoke , the others would nod in agreement .
The purpose of the OAM , I began to realize , was to demonstrate that these disparate therapies all work .
It was my first glimpse of what holds alternative medicine together : there is no internal dissent in a community that feels itself besieged from the outside .
When scientists encounter two mutually exclusive claims , it bothers them .
They experience cognitive dissonance and try diligently to find evidence to reject one of the hypotheses and leave a winner .
They eventually reach a consensus .
Alternative medicine pseudoscientists do n’t seem to mind cognitive dissonance .
They are content to look for evidence to support their own chosen treatment while blithely disregarding competing claims .
They do n’t want to look for evidence that something does n’t work .
While each claims to know the one cause of disease , they do n’t seem interested in looking for the one truth .
Live and let live ?
Create your own reality ?
Truth is only relative ?
The same thing may be simultaneously true for me and false for you ?
Maybe it boils down to a mutual tolerance of delusions ( OK , I ’ll believe that you are Jesus if you believe that I ’m Napoleon ) .
For the cynical , follow the money : “ I wo n’t interfere with your livelihood if you do n’t interfere with mine . ”
I can play the cause - finding game too .
I ’ve discovered the one cause of all the “ one cause ” theories : a deficiency of critical thinking skills combined with an overactive imagination .
And , of course , a failure to test beliefs using the scientific method .
It 's like a Slinkyr , but made from recycled cardboard !
The Flexy is stretchable , flexible , quite bouncy , and very addictive .
Watch it " walk " down stairs , shuffle it from hand to hand , or toss , twist , and stretch it up to 17 feet .
You can even use it in the office as a stylish desktop Rolodexr .
Its accordion - style design prevents tangling .
Made in the USA from chemical - free recycled cardboard .
Who knew cardboard could be this awesome ?!
The Flexy is a fairly simple design that provides endless hours of fun .
This 4.5 " tall block consists of cardboard that has been folded upon itself in an accordion - like design , allowing it to stretch up to 17 feet long .
But , as its name suggests , it does n't just unfold : it flexes .
It has " give " .
And this is what allows you to do some pretty neat tricks .
Simple design prevents tangles
The Slinky ® is awesome , but its helical design is somewhat prone to tangles .
The Flexy , on the other hand , employs an accordion - style design which prevents tangles even if folded on top of itself .
Additionally , each flexible joint features a strong adhesive to all but eliminate tearing during normal use .
Yes , the Flexy will walk down stairs !
Rest your
Flexy on a step , give it a push , and it'll walk down the stairs all day long .
There 's just something really cool about watching the Flexy repeatedly expand and contract down a flight of stairs .
Quickly master some cool tricks
After about 30 minutes , we mastered four pretty cool tricks with the Flexy .
From left to right , you 've got the Big Dipper , the Fling , the Sunrise , and the Rainbow .
Instructions for performing these tricks are included with the Flexy .
Stretches 45 times its normal height
When collapsed , the Flexy is a compact 4.5 " tall .
When fully outstretched , it reaches a stunning height of 17 feet .
Sturdy , eco-friendly materials ensure a long life
The Flexy is made from chemical - free recycled cardboard .
It 's also recyclable if you choose to ever part with this awesome toy .
And despite being constructed solely of paper , the Flexy is durable and tough .
Even lying on its side , it easily supports a ten - pound weight .
Use the Flexy to organize your desk
When you 're not using your Flexy to pretend you 're Scorpion from Mortal Kombat ( check out our video to see this trick in all its glory ) , you can use it to organize your cards , contacts , and notes .
Simply flip through your Flexy like a Rolodex® .
Monday ’s revelation from Defense Secretary Robert Gates that " I think it has been years " since the US government has had any solid information about Osama bin Laden should come as no surprise to readers of Antiwar.com , which has been questioning the rationale for the global war on terrorism ever since it was a twinkle in Dick Cheney ’s eye .
Gates also commented that US intelligence believes that the fugitive terrorists might well be moving about in the border area between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The " where ’s Waldo " narrative provided by Gates is somewhat shocking in light of the billions of dollars that have been spent in the search for the slippery Saudi , but it is even more significant in that it completely undercuts the Barack Obama Administration ’s case for increasing the number of American troops in Afghanistan .
Many analysts both inside and outside of the government have become convinced that Osama bin Laden is dead and has been so for quite some time .
They base this perception on the same non-evidence that Gates cites , i.e. that there has been no solid information on bin Laden or his whereabouts since late 2001 .
The absence of any intelligence could be due to the likelihood that a top terrorist on the run would be extremely careful about how he moves about and how he communicates , which is what many have believed up until recently , but at a certain point it becomes too much of a stretch to believe that a man heading a major terror organization has successfully become invisible .
It is widely believed that videos and recordings featuring his image and voice could well be clever composites .
The dead bin Laden school of thought also points to the impotence of al - Qaeda in events unfolding in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Even the redoubtable General Stanley McChrystal , relying on the paucity of al - Qaeda sightings and the intelligence void , has estimated that there are likely fewer than 100 al - Qaeda in Afghanistan .
His estimate is undoubtedly fairly rough as the CIA has no idea what is going on , but the comment itself implies that the formerly scary terrorist group is not up to much .
Pakistani intelligence sources , who are almost certainly better informed than their American counterparts , believe that there is only a tiny al - Qaeda presence inside their own country .
Prime Minister Sayed Yusuf Raza Gilani recently declared flatly that bin Laden is not inside Pakistan .
If bin Laden is dead and al - Qaeda is shadow of what it once was then the whole justification for maintaining 100,000 soldiers and a nearly equal number of contractors in Afghanistan at ruinous expense becomes a fiction .
President Obama based his call for an escalation on the terrorist threat in the region , but it can be plausibly argued based on available evidence that al - Qaeda has essentially faded away .
If that is so , and Obama almost certainly knows that to be a distinct possibility , the American soldiers are essentially being sent to prop up two extremely corrupt American allies , President Asif Zardari in Pakistan and President Hamid Karzai in Afghanistan .
A prolonged bout of nation building is not exactly the snake oil that was sold to the American people in Obama ’s speech on December 1st and it calls into question the integrity of a president whose majority over John McCain certainly consisted of voters who believed that would end ongoing wars and bring about change in the way America conducts its foreign policy .
Most intelligence analysts who follow terrorism issues seriously would admit that the terrorism issue has been consistently overhyped and that it is also receding due to concerted action by a number of governments since 2001 combined with diminishing appeal among young Muslims .
They would also likely agree that the international brand of al - Qaeda - like Salafist - style terrorism , albeit diminished , continues to be a serious problem for much of the world .
But its epicenter is almost certainly not where President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appear to think it is located , somewhere north of the Khyber Pass .
There is only one part of the world where the Salafists continue to be strong .
It is North Africa , in the arc of countries running from Mauretania in the West to Libya in the east , a region plagued by a loosely collected group of terrorists who call themselves al - Qaeda in the Maghreb .
Because several of the countries – Algeria , Morocco , and Tunisia – have large diaspora populations in Western Europe , al - Qaeda in the Maghreb has genuine international reach .
It has been able to exploit its European presence to carry out terrorist acts in France , Spain , and the Netherlands .
When considering the capabilities of al - Qaeda in the Maghreb , most intelligence analysts would also note that all of the countries in North Africa with the sole exception of Mauretania have strong governments that control effective intelligence and police services .
If Barack Obama were truly serious about attacking the remaining terrorist problem , he would focus the limited available resources on helping the North African countries improve their own capabilities rather than sending 100,000 soldiers to Afghanistan .
That he is not doing so demonstrates that the possible disintegration of nuclear armed Pakistan , not terrorism , is really his driving concern .
That Pakistan is politically wobbling is clear to everyone and the possibility that it could become an Islamist dominated state , once remote , is increasing due to widespread corruption and the Islamabad ’s government ’s inability to curtail US drone strikes along its borders .
There has been some serious consideration in Washington of what might happen if the current government were to fall , including suggestions that the US and Pakistani military would intervene to remove the country ’s nuclear arsenal and take it to some place for safe keeping .
That such an idea might even be seriously floated calls into question the sanity level of Obama Administration policy makers .
Pakistan would never agree to such a scheme and the US does not have either the resources or the information needed to enable it to go around to the numerous dispersal sites where Pakistan keeps its weapons to scoop them up .
So that leaves the Pakistan conundrum unresolved and 100,000 American soldiers sitting next door as some sort of guarantor of stability waiting to close the barn door after the horse escapes into the night .
So Secretary Gates has inadvertently let the cat out of the bag even though the mainstream media apparently has not yet figured it out .
He has revealed that the war on terror is dead , or at least it should be .
But rather than breathe a sigh of relief , rest assured that the word " terrorism " will be trotted out periodically to scare the public and keep the long war going .
Nobody is coming home .
America is in for a prolonged , bloody , and expensive experience in AfPak in spite of Obama Administration insistence that there is some kind of end game .
America under President Barack Obama will be nation - building big time and for years to come , until the supply of money and soldiers run out .
Toward a cooperative and open framework for the development of certifiable software
Fans of StarCraft 's Protoss may not have to wait until 2011 — or later — to get their hands on the teleporting , psionic blade - wielding alien race .
The Protoss will apparently get their own mini-campaign in the first part of StarCraft II 's trilogy .
Advertisement
While we were n't expecting to take control of the Protoss in anything but multiplayer until StarCraft II : Legacy of the Void shipped , looks like we 're getting a small taste of the faction 's single - player action this year .
Advertisement
A Blizzard employee writes on the official Battle . net forums " there will be a Protoss mini- campaign that lets you control Protoss units " in StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty , the Terran third of the campaign .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" This part of the campaign mode is of course way shorter than the Terran part , but it is very fun to have a very different playstyle to add even more variety to the game , " wrote the Blizzard Europe RTS Community Team member .
Just do n't expect it to go too far beyond " mini . "
" That being said , the Protoss mini - campaign will not prepare you for the multiplayer as Protoss , you wo n't be using all units or getting to know buildings and upgrades , " indicated the Blizzard staffer .
There go my dreams of moving to Korea and going pro , mini-campaign !
Thanks for nothing .
Advertisement
Protoss short campaign in Wings of Liberty [ Battle.net via Joystiq ]
Hollywood 's attempt to force DRM measures on the BBC 's over - the - air high - definition broadcasts looks to have come a cropper after intense public pressure .
Encrypting metadata
Hollywood never tires of demanding stronger content protection measures , and in this case the victim of the squeeze play was the BBC .
As the BBC prepares to deploy new over - the - air high - definition TV broadcasting at the end of this year , it found that rightsholders were demanding more control over what was broadcast , or they threatened to pull their content .
The BBC is " committed to providing the strongest possible HD content lineup on Freeview HD , " it says , " but we have to meet content protection obligations for acquired programs "
As a public broadcaster , however , the BBC's Multiplex licenses did not allow it to encrypt the actual audio / video stream .
So what to do ?
The BBC decided that it would not encrypt the content , but that it would be willing to encrypt the " service information " transmitted along with the show using Huffman compression .
The SI metadata delivers all sorts of useful information , such a show names , start times , program guide information , etc. , that are crucial to the set - top boxes used to decompress and display the content .
A digital broadcasting standard called the DTG D - Book specifies all sorts of copy protection and control measures that box makers can take to lock down content , but these are currently not mandatory for device makers , and third - party set - top box makers can easily build boxes which ignore the D - Book copy protection specs entirely .
The BBC decided that the way forward would be to encrypt the service information used by the boxes , then to freely distribute the tools to decrypt it — but only to set - top box makers who agreed to fully implement the D - Book copy protection specs .
The solution , which was quite ingenious , was passed along to the government regulator Ofcom to see if it might actually be legal .
On September 3 , Ofcom replied ( PDF ) that the scheme would require a modification to the BBC 's multiplex license , but that Ofcom was willing to make such a change .
It even suggested a bit of draft text that could be amended to the license .
But first , the public would have to be consulted .
Backlash
And the public did not like the idea at all .
As one respondent pointed out , the actual D - Book spec remains a secret , and therefore " it is not clear exactly what additional content - control capabilities rightsholders will be able to exercise .
For example , it is entirely plausible that these controls will include : time - limits for how long recordings may be stored ; playback - limits governing how many times recordings may be rendered ; capability - limits governing exactly what kinds of audio / video interfaces content may be rendered towards ; playback restrictions preventing the skipping of interstitial advertisements ; and so on . "
Yesterday , Ofcom sent the BBC a second letter .
" Ofcom received a large number of responses to this consultation , in particular from consumers and consumer groups , who raised a number of potentially significant consumer ‘ fair use ’ and competition issues that were not addressed in our original consultation , " it noted .
" In view of these responses we have decided not to approve a multiplex licence change without giving these issues further consideration . "
That means a new round of comments and evidence , but the questions in this round are quite pointed :
The anticipated benefits to citizens and consumers , and to the DTT platform , of the proposed approach ;
How you propose to address the potential disadvantages to citizens and consumers associated with the impact on the receiver market under the proposed approach ;
An explanation of potential alternative approaches that would impact less on the receiver market , and the extent to which those alternatives would be able to deliver similar outcomes and benefits for citizens and consumers .
In the meantime , Auntie is instructed to provide SI decryption information to all set - top box makers without a license .
If the debate sounds depressingly familiar , it should ; the US has been treated to the same fear - mongering rhetoric about piracy for years , much of it with the same goal : government - mandated controls on the way devices are built .
Hollywood actually convinced the FCC to mandate a broadcast flag that TVs , DVD recorders , and TiVos would all have to follow — until the courts shut that one down .
Now , the MPAA is pushing hard for the FCC to grant it Selectable Output Control ( SOC ) , which can shut off specific outputs to better protect " high - value " content transmitted in HD .
Ofcom 's hesitation looks like good news for consumers .
Although the BBC points out in its initial letter that HD content is special " owing to its high quality and premium nature , " it 's not hard to believe that any encryption put in place today would remain in effect long after HD content ceased to be " premium " simply by virtue of being in HD .
But rightsholders are n't obligated to allow their content to be shown , and might well try to pressure the BBC further by refusing to license TV shows and movies for broadcast in the UK until DRM reigns supreme .
Such threats were made in the US , too , but have largely failed to materialize .
The BBC worries that its ability to show the World Cup in HD could be affected by Ofcom 's move , but US broadcasters have had no trouble showing Olympics coverage and Super Bowls in HD for years even without a ( mandatory ) broadcast flag or SOC .
The reason I love my iPhone is that it transcends the previous limitations of the smartphone factor .
I am amazed at what apps let me do .
Though I miss my Treo 's physical keyboard , that is a price I 'm prepared to pay .
Frankly , I do n't miss multi-tasking in something the size of an iPhone .
Lack of Flash support is a pain but I would n't use the iPhone for serious browsing - just to get a bit of information I need immediately .
The iPad is big enough and expensive enough that there is no real reason not to resolve the iPhone 's shortcomings and yet they seem to have been copied across as if Apple think they are features .
I once caught a friend using his highly specced ultraportable to browse amazon for a portable DVD player .
When I asked why he was bothering since the his PC already had an optical drive and could do a billion other things on top , he had a satisfying " penny dropping " moment and saved himself the price of a player .
The iPad has a similar feel to me .
It 's not that it 's useless its just that rather than doing more than the competition it seems to do less and be proud of it .
It 's the shuffle all over again .
I boggled then as Steve explained to me how bizarre it was to want to be able to choose the order in which your music was played .
Will I end up with one in my mitts ?
Maybe .
I certainly get this stuff wrong .
When the Nintendo DS went up against the PSP I could not work out why anyone would want two tiny touch screens rather than the slab of shiny gorgeousness Sony was selling .
However , I am just not feeling the techno - lust .
Last time I did , it was looking at the vapury coverage of the Courier .
e Maint ’s CMMS software grows with your business size and needs .
You can launch a pilot , prove the concept , and then roll it out to other teams , departments and locations .
Two months ago , I blogged about the hit - and - run driver who ran down JWZ and friend on their bicycles in San Francisco .
The victims lavishly documented the crime , including getting witness names , a photo of the license plate and so on .
They filed a report with the SFPD , and waited .
And waited .
After two months , they 've been told that the SFPD does n't intend to investigate the crime .
Apparently , driving your car into a cyclist , causing injury , and failing to remain at the scene is n't a serious crime in the SFPD 's books .
JWZ thinks that this is part of a pattern of the SFPD ignoring motor - vehicle crimes against cyclists and pedestrians .
John called SFPD , went down to the police station in person and filed a report ( case 091-062-114 ) , and after several followup phone calls over the next few weeks was told : " No action has been taken on your case , but you can call the DMV and get the person 's plate if you want to file a civil suit . "
Apparently prosecuting hit - and - run drivers is beneath the notice of our police department , and the piece of shit driver who almost killed us both gets off scott free .
SFPD hates bicyclists
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Low interest rates will prevail through most of next year as the U.S. economy expands modestly and the unemployment rate remains stuck in double digits , the UCLA Anderson Forecast group said on Wednesday .
“ Specifically , we forecast that after growing at 2.8 percent in the most recent and current quarters , real GDP growth will settle into a 2 percent growth path for much of 2010 and be closer to 3 percent in 2011 , ” the forecasting unit said in its report .
“ With such sluggish growth , the unemployment rate will likely peak at 10.5 percent in the first quarter and remain at or above 10 percent for almost all of next year , ” the closely watched report added .
For many , the tough jobs market will obscure how the economy will be regaining its footing .
“ Things will be improving but it wo n’t be obvious to people on Main Street , ” said David Shulman , a senior economist with the UCLA Anderson unit .
“ People wo n’t be spending aggressively and people will be worrying about their jobs , ” he said .
“ It ’ll be a long , slow healing process . ”
Shulman said his unit ’s outlook mirrors Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke ’s comments on Monday .
Bernanke said the recovery remained fragile and unemployment may be high for some time , cooling talk of an early rise in interest rates fueled by a surprise fall in the jobless rate reported last week .
The U.S. central bank was holding to its pledge to keep benchmark borrowing costs at exceptionally low levels for an “ extended period , ” Bernanke added .
Lower unemployment and more normal growth of 3 percent to 4 percent will return by mid-decade , Shulman said .
CAUTIOUS CONSUMERS AND EMPLOYERS
Consumers who had been stashing cash and reducing debt during the worst recession since the Great Depression will continue to spend cautiously for some time .
Shulman said he expects real consumer spending to grow next year and in 2011 at a 2 percent rate , well below its more historical 3 percent to 3.5 percent rate , as the labor market remains beset by layoffs and weak hiring .
The UCLA Anderson report noted that in prior recessions marketing , finance , research and administrative employees were largely immune from layoffs .
Today their jobs are vulnerable and employers are in no hurry to rebuild payrolls in the face of a potential surge in regulation , the report said .
“ Indeed , such previously recession - resistant industries as finance , advertising and media have witnessed an unprecedented amount of job cuts .
Further exacerbating the employment situation is uncertainty about tax , healthcare and energy policies coming out of Washington , ” the report said .
But many construction workers who lost jobs during the extended housing slump may be rehired as the homes market , propped up by bargain - basement mortgage interest rates , is “ finally on the road to recovery , ” the report said .
“ With 23 percent of the nation ’s houses with mortgages underwater , foreclosures continue to rise ; but we believe that is already factored into the decision making process of both buyers and sellers , ” the report said .
It predicted housing starts will rise to around 850,000 units next year from an estimated 574,000 this year .
The forecasting unit cautioned that signs of economic recovery may be illusory since policy makers are “ highly medicating the economy with record federal deficits and a zero interest rate policy coming from the Federal Reserve . ”
The unit said it is uncertain how much strength the economy has without that support so it does not see the Fed tightening rates until late in 2010 , amid modest 2 percent inflation .
For the same reason , the unit does not expect tax hikes , except for healthcare , beyond those already scheduled for 2013 .
There are 30 nude photos and eight sex tapes of former Miss California Carrie Prejean , RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively .
It ’s the most shocking turn yet in a scandal that has continued to follow the woman whose anti-gay marriage stance led to a national controversy and pitted her against pageant organizers .
Stripped of her crown , Prejean sued the Miss California USA pageant but reportedly settled after the sex tape surfaced .
She called the sex tape the biggest mistake of her life .
VIDEO : Carrie Prejean Throws Temper Tantrum On Larry King Live
Now a RadarOnline.com investigation has uncovered that there are SEVEN more “ biggest mistakes ” of her life – all of them solo performances , just like the one sex tape that the religious beauty queen has admitted to .
And there are 30 photos of Carrie , most topless , some showing everything , and most taken by Carrie using her reflection in a mirror .
On one tape Carrie is wearing just a flowing white blouse as she touches her own body in an alluring manner .
Carrie can be heard moaning on a few of the tapes .
PHOTO : Prejean And Michael Phelps Together
In her newly released book Carrie wrote , “ God gave us our bodies , and it ’s perfectly right that we use them in ways where we can give glory to God by making our bodies , our temples of the Holy Spirit , strong and fast . ”
umount / dev/sda1
fsck.ext3 - pf /dev/sda1
tune2fs - O extents , uninit_bg , dir_index /dev/sda1
fsck - pf /dev/sda1
/ dev/sda1 / disk ext4 defaults 0 2
mount / disk
Any existing Ext3 filesystem can be migrated to Ext4 with an easy procedure ( ) which consists in running a couple of commands .
This means that you can improve the performance , storage limits and features of your current filesystems without reformatting and / or reinstalling your OS and software environment .
First , unmount the partition : Next , run a filesystem check on it to make sure it is in sane condition .
Enable new features of ext4 on the filesystemRun a filesystem check .
to make sure that the filesystem is now clean .
Now edit yourfile and replace " " with " " for / dev/sda1 .
Other options may differ for your system .
Try to mount your new ext4 filesystem :
Holly Gordon , our reed - thin psychoanalyst , did not think much of our plan .
“ To get the most out of your time here we need to talk about some dissatisfaction or problem , something you ’re trying to improve , ” she instructed , closing a double set of soundproof doors .
So we settled into airing some well - rehearsed gripes — the time Dan came to the hospital to visit me and four - pound , premature Hannah , and all he could talk about was the San Francisco building code .
( He ’d torn the front stairs off our house and kept rebuilding them and ripping them off again , fearing they were imperfect . )
The time Dan proposed a trade : he would clean up more , he swore he would , if I would just French - kiss him spontaneously once a day ; I gave up first .
( I found the forced affection claustrophobic .
I was also still stung , I later realized , by critical comments Dan had made about my kissing style before we were engaged . )
These were many - times - told tales , and as such we both felt inured to their dark content .
We used them to avoid committing what Doherty calls “ therapist - induced marital suicide . ”
We did not want therapy to set a pick for our divorce .
So instead of speaking our harshest truths , for six weeks running Dan and I pursued the lesser offense of making the other sound crazy .
Holly cooperated , too , offering feedback that we used to confirm our sense that the other was neurotic .
Some weeks
Dan took it in the teeth ; others , I did .
At home , Dan and I had been following a de facto acceptance strategy .
He even convinced me that the best response to his lecturing me , again , about conjugate - periodization strength training was for me to say , “ Oh , you lovable , obsessive man , you ! ” and walk away .
But Holly took a fix - it , or at least diagnose - it , approach .
This is another major complaint about marital therapy : mental - health professionals find mental - health problems .
All of a sudden you ’re married to a narcissistic personality disorder ; who wants to stick around for that ?
One day Holly ended our session with this synopsis : “ On the first count , you find Dan unavailable because he ’s not relating to you .
He ’s just using you as a sounding board .
But on the other hand he feels he can’t reach you either .
He wants you to accept his affection and praise , but those attentions make you feel smothered , and that makes him feel alone . ”
I still believed our marriage was good .
But I felt that Holly had reduced it to an unappealing , perhaps unfixable conundrum .
Would her vote of little confidence hurt or help ?
I did start watching my reactions when Dan told me that I looked beautiful .
Did he mean it ?
What did he want from me ?
I would try to accept the compliment graciously , even offer one in return .
But the endless therapy required to become less neurotic generally seemed outside the scope of this project .
I felt confident we could build a better marriage , less so that our individual personalities would change .
Marital therapy , to me , seemed akin to chemo : helpful but toxic .
Leaving Holly ’s office one day , Dan , ever valiant , made a strong play to titrate how much negative feedback we let in .
“ Do they spray shrink powder in these places , ” he asked , “ to make them extra depressing ? ”
IV .
Monogamy is one of the most basic concepts of modern marriage .
It is also its most confounding .
In psychoanalytic thought , the template for monogamy is forged in infancy , a baby with its mother .
Marriage is considered to be a mainline back to this relationship , its direct heir .
But there is a crucial problem : as infants we are monogamous with our mothers , but our mothers are not monogamous with us .
That first monogamy — that template — is much less pure than we allow .
“ So when we think about monogamy , we think about it as though we are still children and not adults as well , ” Adam Phillips notes .
This was true for us .
On our wedding day , Dan and I performed that elaborate charade : I walked down the aisle with my father .
I left him to join my husband .
We all shed what we told ourselves were tears of joy .
Dan and I promised to forsake all others , and sexually we had .
But we had not shed all attachments , naturally , and as we waded further into our project the question of allegiances became more pressing .
Was our monogamy from the child ’s or the mother ’s perspective ?
Did my love for Dan — must my love for Dan — always come first ?
This all came pouring out last summer in the worst fight of our marriage .
At the time , we were at my parents ’ house , an hour northeast of San Francisco .
More than food , more than child - rearing , we fought about weekends — in particular , how many summer weekends to spend up there .
I liked the place : out of the fog , free grandparental day care ; the kids could swim .
Dan loathed it , describing the locale as “ that totally sterile golf community in which your mother feeds our kids popsicles for breakfast and I ’m forbidden to cook . ”
For the past few years I dismissed Dan ’s complaints by saying , “ Fine , do n’t go . ” I told myself this was justified , if not altruistic : I was taking our girls ;
Dan could do what he wanted with his free time .
But underneath lay a tangle of subtext .
Dan wished he spent even more time with his own parents , who were quite private .
I felt an outsize obligation toward mine , because they moved to the Bay Area to be closer to us .
We ’d had some skilled conversations , which helped a bit , as I now knew those weekends with his in - laws made Dan feel alienated and left out of our family decision - making .
Yet at root we fought because the issue rubbed a weak point in our marriage , in our monogamy : I did n’t want to see my devotion to my parents as an infidelity to Dan .
To him , it was .
That June weekend my folks were n’t home , we ’d gone up with friends , but Dan hated the place more than ever .
Saturday morning I woke up early , went for a run and came back to find Dan on a small AstroTurf putting green with the girls , ranting about how he hated all the houses that looked the same , with tinted windows blocking the natural light ; the golf course that obliterated the landscape and all the jerks that played golf on it .
The next day was Father ’s Day .
I took the girls to do errands with what I thought were the best of intentions , but I was so angered by Dan ’s relentless crabbiness that I failed to buy a gift .
The final insult came Sunday afternoon as we packed to go home .
I informed Dan that I told my mother that she could bring the girls back up the following weekend .
Dan erupted in rage .
“ Those are my actual children .
Why do you insist on treating me like I ’m some potted plant ?
I , too , get to decide what happens in this family .
Do I need to tell you to tell your mother , ‘ O.K. , Mom , I ’m not allowed to make any plans for our children without getting permission from my husband ? ’
Do I need to be telling you , ‘ I ’m sorry , little girl , I make the plans in this family , and I ’ll tell you what to tell your mother about where my children are going ? ’ ”
There has been much speculation about what Apple will be announcing today .
Will it be a glorified book reader ?
An iPod Touch / iPhone on steroids ?
We will find out very quickly here , and then we can all envision how we could use the device .
Will it help you at work ?
Will it be the perfect commuting partner ?
Will you use it as the mother of all television remotes ?
Consider this , though .
How will it affect our children ?
How will they use the tablet ?
If your children are anything like mine , they will want to play with it the moment it comes out of the box .
They will be amazed at how large their favorite iPod Touch apps look on the larger screen .
And the screen will be large enough that they can both play with it at once .
In our house , though , the Apple tablet will be used a great deal for education .
I have a plethora of .pdf files to use for homeschooling that are just inconvenient to use on a desktop computer , or even on a laptop .
On a tablet , the files could be sitting next to us at the table , just like a text book .
The kids could mark up the pages as if they were writing in a workbook .
We could watch videos from the internet or do interactive educational websites ( I 'm looking at you , BBC ) without leaving our school table .
When we go on a trip , we could bring our entire homeschool library with us .
Of course , we'd have to have two tablets , since we have two children .
More than that , though , the tablet will completely integrate education and technology , allowing for easy access to e-textbooks and online teaching .
In the regular education world , imagine if each desk had one of these tablets .
No longer would students have to crane their necks or squint from the back row to read what is being written up on the board .
It will automatically show up on their desk 's tablet .
You would n't need to take any notes , since it would all be emailed to you at the end of the class , or automatically beamed to your own personal electronic device .
Children will be designing their own apps from an early age .
Since the tablet will be such a part of their lives , they wo n't be intimidated by the technology .
Since the larger tablet size will allow for more than one person to sit around it ( but perhaps only two people ) , the children will probably design two player games .
Or whole rooms of tablets can be instantly networked to allow for multiplayer games , or even educational activities like a group tour of the pyramids or Machu Picchu .
The possibilities are really endless , limited only by our imaginations .
We shall see how the tablet really affects us , but children will instantly invite this technology into their lives .
Watch how they use it , and you 'll learn new areas to develop .
Inevitably , children invent new ways to use technology , so pay attention .
You might learn something .
Civilian Escalation to Keep Thousands of US Bureaucrats in Nations Indefinitely
The State Department will reportedly release a policy paper tomorrow detailing the Obama Administration ’s plan for an enduring civilian presence in both Afghanistan and Pakistan , a plan which could keep thousands of American bureaucrats in those nations for generations .
The move would be part of the long promised “ civilian surge , ” pumping an enormous number of American government employees into Afghanistan to take roles in everything from regulating agricultural exports from the nation to something officials are calling “ counterpropaganda . ”
The “ counterpropaganda ” campaign , a project US envoy Richard Holbrooke has been advocating for months , would include efforts to silence Taliban broadcasts as well as efforts to “ train ” local journalists to deliver an overall message more acceptable to US interests .
Holbrooke suggested that the Pakistan effort could prove to be far larger than the Afghanistan one , and says he plans to press Congress to set aside even more money for such efforts , above and beyond the controversial Kerry - Lugar Bill , which pledges $ 1.5 billion per year .
Nearly a third of David Cameron 's shadow cabinet voted against gay rights legislation at some point over the last two parliaments , demonstrating their " shameful " record in tackling discrimination , according to the Liberal Democrats .
They have compiled research on four examples of legislation where many Tories voted against equal rights laws .
Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman , said progress on gay rights would " grind to a halt " if the Conservatives won the election .
" The Tory record on supporting gay rights is nothing short of shameful , " he said .
The Lib Dem research shows :
• Ten out of 32 members of the shadow cabinet voted against at least one piece of gay rights legislation .
The shadow Europe minister , Mark Francois , voted against all four .
• David Cameron , Kenneth Clarke , Mark Francois , Chris Grayling , William Hague , Francis Maude , Patrick McLoughlin , Andrew Mitchell , George Osborne and Sir George Young voted against legislation to repeal section 28 , which had banned local authorities and schools from " promoting " homosexuality , in 2003 .
• Nineteen members of the shadow cabinet joined the attempt to block the equality bill , which included a requirement for all publicly funded bodies to promote equality .
• Seven members of the shadow cabinet voted to allow only heterosexual married couples to adopt in 2002 .
• Four of the shadow cabinet voted against powers which passed through the house in March 2007 giving the secretary of state the ability to bring in regulations with a new definition of discrimination and harassment on grounds of sexual orientation .
• Thirty - five Tory MPs voted to allow only heterosexual married couples to adopt in 2002 and a third also voted against the Equality Act ( Sexual Orientation ) Regulations in March 2007 , allowing the government to make regulations defining discrimination and harassment on grounds of sexual orientation .
This week Nick Clegg has made a claim for some of the UK 's sizeable " pink vote " with an interview in Attitude magazine .
The Lib Dem leader is working hard to distinguish himself from the Conservatives after Cameron used his new year message to appeal to Lib Dems and claim he has turned the Tory party into the natural home for " liberal Conservatives " .
Clegg proposed a series of measures including reversing the ban on gay men being allowed to give blood ; a requirement that faith schools implement " anti-homophobia bullying policies " and teach that homosexuality is " normal and harmless " ; a change in the law to allow civil partnerships to be regarded as marriage ; and a guarantee of asylum to refugees who have fled a country because of persecution over their sexual orientation .
Following is an excerpt from a statement by Mohammad Hassan Rahimian , Khamenei 's representative in the Iranian Martyr Foundation , which aired on Al - Manar TV on January 12 , 2010 .
Mohammad Hassan Rahimian :
The economic siege and everything they have done against us ...
" The plotting of evil will hem in only its authors . "
The outcome was the opposite .
Before the war , we had no military equipment .
We have manufactured missiles that allow us , when necessary , to replace ( sic ) Israel in its entirety with a big holocaust .
Second Construction --- 30 Cards
Above is a computer rendering of the construction .
I chose this polyhedron because it has 60 identical faces and the faces have bilateral symmetry .
But many other polyhedra can be adapted to this slide - together technique .
That is left as an exercise for others .
This card - construction activity appeared in the This card - construction activity appeared in the Math Monday column on the Make Magzine blog from the Museum of Mathematics
Here 's a view looking directly at one of the twelve 5 - fold stars .
Above is the dual to the rhombicosidodecahedron .
It has 60 faces .
You can derive it ( approximately ) by putting a dot in the center of each rhombicosidodecahedron face .
The four dots that surround any one rhombicosidodecahedron vertex become the vertices of one kite - shaped face of this dual .
So all the faces are equivalent .
It is " uniform on its faces " .
This polyhedron is called either the " trapezoidal hexecontahedron " or the " deltoidal hexecontahedron " depending on which book you check .
It is one of the Catalan polyhedra Our construction replaces each face with a card .
The position of one card is sketched above , in white .
It lies in the plane of one face , extending past the face at the corners of the card .
Part of the card goes beyond the face at the 3 - fold vertex , so when three cards overlap there , they lock .
At the other end of the card , it does not quite reach the 5 - fold vertex , so there are 5 - fold openings in our construction .
Also , the sides of the cards do not quite reach the 4 - fold vertices , so there are 4 - sided openings in our construction .
This is an 8 - inch diameter construction in which the 30 cards have more overlap , so it is trickier to make .
All the joints are 3 - fold locks , so it holds together very tightly .
You can throw this around a room and it will not come apart , whereas the 60 - card construction easily comes apart at its 5 - fold stars .
But because the locks are deeper , it is probably not a good construction to try first .
The template to make your own is here .
Both ends of the cards have equivalent cuts in this construction , so you do n't have to worry about which end is which .
If you already made the 60 - card construction , this should be pretty straightforward once you figure out how to make one of these deeper 3 - fold locks .
I like the 5 - fold stars which arise on the sides of the cards .
The geometry of this construction is the same as the slide - togethers with squares , except that I 've used a rectangle instead of squares .
This requires that the relative size of the triangles and stars change .
I 've make one particular choice for that change here , based on my aesthetic preferences .
In Francesco De Comité 's version , shown here , he made a different choice .
His has no 3 - fold locks at all , as his cards are turned 90 degrees from my version .
So his has triangular openings instead of locks , and the cards are less obscured in his version .
This may make his easier to assemble , but also easier to fall apart .
Take your pick or make both !
Hi everyone !
My name is Mummy Bear and this is my homepage .
Do you like Mummification ?
I sure do .
I think it 's cool .
Especially the new Modern Mummification that my friends at Summum do .
I 'm going to go on an journey to unlock the secrets of Modern Mummification .
Would you like to be my friend and come with me ?
Yes ?
Then let 's go exploring by clicking the links on the left .
We 'll go on an adventure , and together we 'll learn new things and have some fun !!
Mercedes GP has announced a long - term agreement with Petronas for the Malaysian oil company to become the title sponsor of the team .
The aim is for the team to launch its new car on February 1 in Valencia .
“ We are very pleased to begin our long - term partnership with our new title
partner Petronas , ” said Mercedes ’s Norbert Haug .
“ Mercedes - Benz and Petronas will work together both on and off the track and I am sure that everybody involved will guarantee their absolute dedication to success . ”
It was announced Jay Leno will take back the 11:35 p.m. EST time slot he occupied and never deserved !
This would make Conan O'Brien , " the odd man out . "
Show your support for Conan and his Tonight Show !
Sign the petition !
One million strong for Conan O'Brien !!!
Pi Computation Record
By Fabrice Bellard
On December 31st , 2009 , about 2700 billion decimal digits of Pi were computed using a single desktop computer .
It was the World Record for the computation of Pi until the record of 5 trillion digits of Alexander J. Yee & Shigeru Kondo on August 2 , 2010 .
Last update : Aug 4 , 2010
Anyone following the invasion of the Droid can see a plethora of reviews on PhoneDog , Gizmodo , Boy Genius Report among others .
Â
So I will spare you the redundancy since those guys do reviews for a living and are much better at it than I.Â
What I would like to do is give you my reasoning for canceling my beloved T - Mobile service and leaving behind my two G1s , a rooted Cyanogen 4.0.4Â myTouch 3G , two recently returned CLIQs , and my newly purchased Archos 5 , just so I could go for broke on a Verizon Droid .
Over the past weeks leading up to the Droid ’s launch , I had not even considered going to the store to check one out , much less buying one .
Â
I work in the software industry and in the world of SaaS ( Software - as - a - Service ) , cloud computing , and overall general geekiness , it is hard for me to ignore was Android 2.0 . Â
For me it ’s still all about the software and I wanted a device that not only came standard with it but one that should be ready for upcoming updates .
Â
The Verizon network does n’t hurt either .
Â
What with their ubiquitous 3G coverage I do n’t even have to use WiFi in my house as I routinely average 900 kbps .
The overall package that is the Droid , not the iDo n’t ads or the launching of Droids from a Stealth Bomber , made me reconsider it over the aforementioned devices for its large capacitive screen , faster processor , physical keyboard , and the slim form factor .
Â
This is the phone that I desperately hoped my G1 would be .
Â
Even though I was quite content with it , I could n’t help but feel that Android was being limited by the current crop of hardware .
Â
I could care less about Motorola personally , they got themselves in the position they ’re in now because they were too slow to react to the mobile market and did n’t distinguish their products apart from the multiple iterations of the RAZR .Â
But what they have built here is nothing less than ground breaking in the context of Android .
Â
Android just seems to be made for an industrial piece of hardware and the Droid delivers on all points even with the poor implementation of multimedia ( still ! ) it easily plays most formats and brings a smile to my face every time I use it .
So far the I have not had any problems other than the phone rebooting itself once in four days and I think that was due to a stray app I recently side loaded .
Â
The UI is just a little newer and shinier but still decidedly Android .
Â
Facebook is more integrated and is now a sync - able account along with Google .
Â
The OS finally feels like a mature version and not so beta ( not that there ’s anything wrong with that ) .
Leaving T - Mobile was much easier than I initially thought .
Â
What with the new Even More Plus plans I canceled my line and migrated the remaining five on the myFaves 1800 plan to the new 1500 unlimited text and in the process saved about $ 125 which now is used to power my new Droid .
Â
So except for the $ 200 early termination fee that I was fully prepared for , that was only real cost of admission–not including the $ 199 Droid after MiR . Â
So all in all , I am very happy with this purchase and I actually think this will be the last of what has been a long series of flings with other Android devices .
Â
I think I may have found the One to actually settle down with …. stay tuned .
Three books I have n't read yet :
The Owl in Daylight ( by PKD 's widow ; what kind of credential is that , hmm ) Phillip K Dick : The Truth is in your Head ( a novel ) and Phillip K Dick is Dead , Alas ( also a novel ) .
I am really intrigued !
Should be a great way to spend the rest of my break .
Oh , also Peeps !
Yum .
Welcome to the tenth issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming news and article digest .
EASTL - Electronic Arts Standard Template Library : why and how EA 's proprietary C++ STL differs from the standard .
Grammars and Actions in Perl 6 : how to create a DSL in Perl 6 .
Freeing Factor from gcc's embrace - and - extend C language extensions : what global register variables and the regparm calling convention are , why Factor used them , and why it no longer does .
C's Biggest Mistake : argues that it 's conflating arrays with pointers and offers small syntax changes as a fix .
The Year In Haskell : collection of news items ; see the " Compilers and Infrastructure " section .
JVM extensions : collection of interesting ideas that OpenJDK has been extended with in a proprietary codebase .
Enlarge By Richard Wolowicz , Getty Images New York Rangers prospect Derek Stepan scores against Canada goalie Jake Allen in the third period .
Allen was pulled after the goal .
TEAM USA SCHEDULE TEAM USA SCHEDULE Dec. 26 : USA 7 , Slovakia 3 Dec. 27 : USA 3 , Switzerland 0 Dec. 29 : USA 12 , Latvia 1 Dec. 31 : Canada 5 , USA 4 ( Shootout ) Jan. 2 : Quarterfinals , USA 6 , Finland 2 Jan. 3 : Semifinal , USA 5 , Sweden 2 Jan. 5 : Championship , USA 6 , Canada 5 ( OT )
All games were in Saskatoon After the USA had pulled off a dramatic 6 - 5 overtime win against Canada at the world junior championships Tuesday night in Saskatoon , team general manager Jim Johannson jokingly looked into a television camera and said , " No pressure , eh Wils ? " " Wils " is U.S. Olympic coach Ron Wilson and Johannson is hoping that the men's Olympic team can duplicate the national junior team 's feat of slaying the lion in the lion 's den to win the gold medal .
The Olympics will be in Vancouver next month and the Canadians are favored there as well .
" Eventually people are going to ask how many championships did you win ? " Johannson said by phone from Saskatoon .
" They are n't going to say , ' Boy there were a lot of great games that could have gone their way . '
You have to close out championships .
We did that here . "
Washington Capitals prospect John Carlson scored at 4:21 of overtime to give the Americans their first WJC title since 2004 and their sixth medal in the tournament 's 33 - year history .
BLOG : USA win fulfills Bob Johnson 's dream
The USA 's triumph ended Canada 's run of five WJC titles .
Coming into this game , the Americans had only defeated the Canadians five times in 35 games at the tournament .
" We cut some people that were maybe more talented , " said USA coach Dean Blais .
" We wanted a team that was mentally tough , guys who would block shots .
This team had grit and character . "
They needed the mental toughness because they squandered a two - goal lead in the closing 2:26 of the game when Edmonton Oilers prize prospect Jordan Eberle scored twice within a span of a little more than a minute .
The first came on a power play goal with Kyle Palmieri in the penalty box for bumping the goalie after driving the net for a shot .
" It was a little bit scary when the game was 5 - 5 , " Blais conceded .
" But they regrouped in between periods . "
Carlson said players began telling themselves that they would have gladly taken an overtime game with a chance to win coming into the game .
" If anything , we showed that this team had character , " Carlson said .
Another key for the Americans was Blais ' decision to pull goaltender Mike Lee after he gave up three goals and switch to Jack Campbell , who could be the first goalie chosen in next summer 's NHL draft .
" He was the difference , " Blais said .
Lee , a Phoenix Coyotes draft pick , had won the quarterfinal and semifinal games .
" He was the first guy to come up and hug me when it was over , " Campbell said .
" It could have just as easy have been him making those saves in the third period . "
But it was Campbell making the stops , including one big save before Carlson went down the ice and scored .
" Any time Carlson has the puck on his stick , the goalie should be afraid , " Campbell said , laughing .
It was 4 - on - 4 in overtime and Carlson said he shot the puck because he thought it was a safer play than making a pass , which could quickly go the other way if it were intercepted .
New York Rangers prospect Derek Stepan and Toronto Maple Leafs draftee Jerry D'Amigo combined on two third - period goals to give USA to a 5 - 3 lead University of Wisconsin player Stepan , the team captain , set up D'Amigo for a goal a little more than four minutes into the third period and just over two minutes later , Stepan scored on a backhander with D'Amigo drawing an assist .
The WJC is considered a preview of coming NHL attractions because it features the world 's best teen - age players .
Most NHL stars dominated at the tournament before joining the league .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I have been testing load balancing via both iptables and ip route nexthop for a couple of days now .
They both work pretty well too .
This only balances outgoing traffic as incoming traffic balanced via DNS RR and the firewall just returns the traffic on the interface it arrived on as per the previous post .
On the whole , I prefer the iptables solution .
It seems to balance the traffic better .
ip route balances outgoing connections based on nexthop of the route to that host is not already in it ’s routing cache .
While iptables balances traffic by alternate outgoing connections .
The only downside I have seen is occasional connection drops to the BlackBerry servers .
After 24 hours of iptables balancing :
ppp0 Link encap : Point - to - Point Protocol RX bytes : 1186783900 ( 1.1 GB ) TX bytes : 1290603327 ( 1.2 GB ) ppp1 Link encap : Point - to - Point Protocol RX bytes : 1109227490 ( 1.1 GB ) TX bytes : 1140565429 ( 1.1 GB )
This is using inclusion rules for determining balanced traffic .
These are the rules that ended up on the production server :
# Load balancing rules ( Split 50/50 between fwmark 1/2 ) iptables -t mangle - A balance 1 -d 192.168.0.0/16 -j RETURN iptables -t mangle - A balance1 -d 10.0.0.0/8 -j RETURN iptables -t mangle - A balance1 -m connmark !
-- mark 0 -j RETURN iptables -t mangle - A balance1 -m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED -j RETURN iptables -t mangle - A balance1 -m statistic -- mode nth -- every 2 -- packet 0 -j CONNMARK -- set - mark 1 iptables -t mangle - A balance1 -m statistic -- mode nth -- every 2 -- packet 1 -j CONNMARK -- set - mark 2 # Check to see if we have already marked a packet iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING -m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED -j CONNMARK -- restore - mark iptables -t mangle -A OUTPUT -m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED -j CONNMARK --restore - mark # Mark incoming connections to return on the interface they came in on iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i ppp0 -m state -- state NEW -j CONNMARK -- set - mark 1 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i ppp1 -m state -- state NEW -j CONNMARK -- set - mark 2 # New outgoing packets iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i eth0 - p tcp -- dport 22 - m state -- state NEW -j balance1 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i eth0 - p tcp -- dport 25 - m state -- state NEW -j balance1 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i eth0 - p tcp -- dport 80 - m state -- state NEW -j balance1 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING - i eth0 - p tcp -- dport 443 - m state -- state NEW -j balance1 iptables -t mangle -A OUTPUT - p tcp -- dport 80 - m state -- state NEW -j balance1 # Choose our route and save the mark iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING -m connmark -- mark 1 -j MARK -- set - mark 1 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING -m connmark -- mark 2 -j MARK -- set - mark 2 iptables -t mangle -A PREROUTING -m state -- state NEW -m connmark !
-- mark 0 -j CONNMARK -- save - mark
That ’s all of the CONNMARK and MARK related rules I use .
The new outgoing packets section is where I choose what packets should be balanced and accounts for about 95 % of our outgoing traffic .
The balance1 chain just has some checks at the beginning to catch further traffic that should not be balanced in case some rule gets messed up .
Of the new outgoing packets rules , the PREROUTE lines are for forwarded traffic and the OUTPUT rule is for traffic generated on that host by a transparent squid proxy .
Hope somebody finds that useful one day .
A " Secret Santa 's " last - minute , $ 1,000 gift has kept 17 Goodyear households from losing water and trash service just before Christmas .
According to Goodyear , someone insisting on anonymity showed up at City Hall on Dec. 8 wanting to stave off the next day 's scheduled utilities shutoff for as many residents as possible .
For at least one woman , the gift is making a real difference .
" I wanted to take this opportunity to ' Thank You ' for paying my water bill , " the woman wrote in an e-mail to the donor .
" I really appreciate this very kind gesture .
You put a huge smile on my face and I am able to pay other bills I need to at this time .
" Money at home is very tight and this has extremely helped me a lot , " she wrote .
Goodyear spokeswoman Nora Fascenelli said one staffer reported that the generosity brought one woman to tears , but no other recipients were willing to speak publicly about the gift .
" Being in financial straits and about to have your water shut off is embarrassing , and the beneficiary might be hesitant to have his / her name or picture in the paper - especially if they have kids or relatives who do n't necessarily know about their money troubles , " Fascenelli said .
In order to help as many people as possible , city employees started with the accounts owing the least and worked their way through the $ 1,000 .
Goodyear provides trash pickup to residents city - wide and water and sewer services south of Interstate 10 .
Assuming three or four people live in each household , the city estimates 50 to 70 people benefited from the gift .
Goodyear has dubbed the donor a " Secret Santa . "
Accounts are shut off at two months past due .
That means the recipients do n't have to worry about having services cut off for at least two more months and avoid $ 100 in shutoff and activation fees .
Fascenelli said staffers checked for regular water usage to ensure the donor 's gift went to people in need , rather than an empty home .
" When a home is not occupied , even if the sprinklers go on automatically , there 's a hugely noticeable drop in consumption , " Fascenelli said .
" All those showers , dishwashing , toilet flushing and other indoor uses add up and are really conspicuous when there 's no one home ! "
Video transcript :
FRANKEN : I walked in and my good colleague from South Dakota , Senator Thune , was — had a chart up , he had a chart up .
He said when your taxes will kick in and when your benefits will kick in .
I went up to him and I said I did n’t hear your whole speech .
He went " Oh , man , that ’s too bad . "
But I said , " Did you actually happen to mention any of the benefits that do kick in right away ? "
And he said , " Uh , no . "
Which I think is — you know , again , we are entitled to our own opinions .
We ’re not entitled to our own facts .
Benefits kick in right away .
THUNE : Will the senator from Minnesota yield for a question ?
FRANKEN : Absolutely .
THUNE : Did the senator from Minnesota when I was pointing out on the chart understand the point I was making , that the tax Increases start 18 days from now , and that the benefits , the spending benefits under the bill which — which are the premium tax credits and the exchanges that are designed to provide the benefit that ’s delivered under this bill do n’t start until 2014 ?
FRANKEN : The senator from South Dakota said did I realize that I was talking about the spending does n’t start for 1,800 days on health care , the benefits do n’t start .
Here ’s one .
$ 5 billion in immediate Federal support , starts immediately for a new program to provide affordable coverage for uninsured Americans with pre-existing conditions .
I have a whole list of things that start .
Prohibit insurers from imposing lifetime limits on benefits , starting day one .
Starting day one .
...
We are entitled to our own opinions .
We ’re not entitled to our own facts .
The fact is benefits kick in on day one , and the large majority of benefits kick in on day one , And we should n’t be standing up here with charts that say the exact opposite .
Small business tax credits will kick in immediately .
The senator from South Dakota just said that nothing — no payments , nothing that costs any money will kick in right away .
That ’s not true .
We are not entitled to our own facts .
And I stand here day after day after day and hear my colleagues , my good friends from the other side say things that are not based on fact .
Let ’s have an honest debate , for goodness sakes .
Let ’s not put up charts that contend one thing and that are just not true .
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Forming a new species ?
The ' type 2 ' dolphin hunting killer whales .
Scientists have revealed that there is not one but two types of killer whale living in UK waters .
Each differs in its appearance and diet , with males of one type being almost two metres longer than the other .
The killer whales could be at an early stage of becoming two separate species , the researchers say .
The international group of scientists has published its results in the journal Molecular Ecology .
" It 's exciting to think about two very different types of killer whale in the waters around Britain , " says Dr Andy Foote from the University of Aberdeen , UK , who undertook the study .
This divergence may eventually lead to the two types becoming different species
Dr Andy Foote
University of Aberdeen " Killer whales are n't really a species that we think of as being a regular visitor to Britain , but in fact we have two forms of these killer whales in our waters , " he told the BBC .
Scientists have found different forms of killer whale that occupy particular niches in the Pacific and the Antarctic , but this is the first time that they have been described in the North Atlantic .
Dr Andy Foote undertook the study along with colleagues from universities and museums in Denmark and the UK .
Killer whales ( Orcinus orca ) , otherwise called orcas , live in family groups called pods .
As the largest member of the dolphin family , killer whales are known for their intelligence and range of hunting behaviours .
Tooth work
There was very little prior to this study to suggest that different types of killer whale would be found in the North Atlantic .
However , Dr Foote and colleagues studied teeth from remains of killer whales stranded over the past 200 years and found a difference in tooth wear .
Differences in tooth wear : Type 1 ( top ) and type 2 ( below ) " We found that one form , which we call ' type 1 ' had severely worn teeth in all adult specimens , " explains Dr Foote .
" The other form , ' type 2 ' , had virtually no tooth wear even in the largest adults . "
In the wild , killer whales that " suck up " herring and mackerel display this tooth wear .
Knowing this , the researchers suspected a difference in diet and ecological niche between the two groups .
Dolphin predator
Using stable isotope analysis that gives clues to the orcas ' diet , the scientists found that type 1 is a generalist feeder , consuming fish and seals .
It 's similar to how Darwin 's finches have adapted to different ecological roles in the Galapagos but on a larger scale
Dr Andy Foote
University of Aberdeen Type 2 , on the other hand , is a specialist feeder that scientists suspect exclusively feeds on marine mammals such as small dolphins and whales .
This specialisation for alternative ecological niches has also resulted in a difference in shape and appearance .
" The two types also differed in length , with type 2 adult males being almost two metres larger than types 1 males , " Dr Foote says .
The researchers also found that colour , pattern and number of teeth vary between the groups .
Dr Foote says the fish feeding type 1 killer whales are found across the North East Atlantic and around Britain .
The cetacean hunting type 2 killer whales are regularly seen off the west coast of Scotland and Ireland .
New species Genetic analysis indicates the two types belong to two different populations .
" Type 1 specimens were from closely related populations , but the type 2 whales were more closely related to a group of Antarctic killer whales , " Dr Foote explains .
Comparing the findings with studies on killer whales around the world shows that killer whales have radiated to fill different ecological niches .
" It 's similar to how Darwin 's finches have adapted to different ecological roles in the Galapagos , but on a larger scale , " Dr Foote notes .
He suggests this could be an important discovery for the future of the animals .
" They seem to have occupied completely different ecological niches and have started to diverge morphologically .
This divergence may eventually lead to the two types becoming different species . "
He also recommends the two types be considered " evolutionary significant units " and monitored separately in order to more effectively conserve one of the oceans most charismatic animals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Honour crime up by 40 % due to rising fundamentalism
Diana Nammi of the Iranian and Kurdish Womens Rights Organisation has blamed the rise in fundamentalism for the increase in violence
Police have seen ' honour ' crime surge by 40 per cent due to rising fundamentalism , new figures show .
Honour - based violence , including crimes like murder , rape and kidnap has rocketed in London during the past year .
Reported instances of intimidation and attempts at forced marriage have also increased by 60 per cent .
A report into the scale of the problem by Scotland Yard found there were 161 honour - based incidents recorded in 2007 - 8 , of which 93 were criminal offences .
But in 2008 / 9 the number of incidents had risen to 256 , with 132 being criminal offences .
The latest figures indicate that the trend is continuing , with 211 incidents reported in the last six months until October , of which 129 were offences - more than double the number in the same period last year .
Police define honour crimes as offences motivated by a desire to protect the honour of a family or community .
Diana Nammi , of the Iranian and Kurdish Women 's Rights Organisation , said the group is now dealing with four times more complaints relating to honour than two years ago .
She said : ' More women are coming forward .
They are becoming more aware of their rights in the UK , that there is help available and they feel confident enough to report matters to the police .
' But I also think cases and violence are increasing .
' One reason is the rise in fundamentalism .
The problem is increasing in communities around the UK .
' We are seeing a rise not only in honour killings , but also in female genital mutilation and polygamy . '
She added : ' The rise in Sharia courts is another indication of more fundamental beliefs .
' There must be more support from the Government to organisations who are working to combat this problem . '
The Metropolitan Police also records incidents where no offences has been committed , such as complaints by women that they are under pressure to enter into forced marriages .
Recently there have been a series of horrific attacks linked to ' honour ' .
Police are still investigating the death of 28 - year - old Geeta Aulakh
Detectives are still investigating the death of mother - of - two Geeta Aulakh , 28 , who was hacked to death with a sword in Greenford , north west London last month .
An 18 - year - old student has been charged with her murder .
In July , a 24 - year - old Asian man from Denmark lost part of his tongue and was left blind in one eye when he had acid thrown in his face in Leytonstone .
Police believe he was attacked over his relationship with a married Muslim woman .
Two men are awaiting trial over the assault .
Campaigners believe honour attacks are on the up due to rising fundamentalism in communities around Britain .
Up to 12 people are murdered every year in the name of honour , and police fear a further 500 people are forced into an arranged marriage or attacked .
One of the most high - profile cases was that of Banaz Mahmod who was murdered by members of her own family after falling in love with a man they disapproved of .
The 20 - year - old , who had left an arranged marriage and started a relationship with Rhamat Sulemani , 29 , was strangled with a bootlace at her home in Surrey in January 2006 .
Her father Mahmod Mahmod , 52 , and uncle Ari Mahmod , 50 , of Mitcham , were later convicted of the killing after the pair decided she must pay ' the ultimate price ' for bringing shame on them .
Earlier this year , police were issued with new guidance telling them to assume honour crimes have been committed in more circumstances .
Senior officers anticipated that the move would drive up figures as in many cases only limited information is available or a potential victim refuses to help police .
Detective Chief Inspector Gerry Campbell , of the Metropolitan Police , said : ' The description of this type of crime is misplaced .
There is no honour in these crimes . '
Mr Campbell said the Met had improved its intelligence systems to better identify such crimes .
He said : ' Ten years ago our knowledge was almost absent but we have worked hard and our knowledge has improved substantially . '
it might not be beneficial .
January 19 , 2010 12:00 PM |
[ In the latest of an occasional series of demoscene - related posts on GameSetWatch before , AteBit 's Paul ' EvilPaul ' Grenfell presents a multi-part retrospective on 2009's best demos - starting out with the top ten real - time PC demos of the year . ]
Over the next few weeks I 'm going to be taking a look back at what the still vibrant demoscene gave us in 2009 .
I 've searched through the hundreds of productions relased last year and rounded up my favourites into six categories : Demo , 64 k , 4 k , Oldschool , Wild and Console .
As Wikipedia notes of the history of the demo , these are " non-interactive audio - visual presentations that run in real - time ...
The main goal of a demo is to show off programming , artistic , and musical skills . "
Everything you see in these charts ( apart from a few of the Wild entries ) runs in real - time on a computer - do n't forget this when you watch the video captures .
In fact , for the true experience you should definitely downloading the executable versions and run them on your own hardware .
Also , whilst you may have seen some of these works on the pages of GameSetWatch before , I hope there 'll be something here to surprise all but the keenest followers of the demoscene .
And we 're starting with ' Top 10 demos ' .
Almost any demoscene productions could be called a " demo " , but this term is often reserved for larger works - smaller demos ( such as those written to fit inside a 64 k executable file ) are usually called " intros " .
In this first chart , I 've limited myself to demos that run on a PC .
This section of the demoscene is usually considered to be the most prestigious , with the various parties and competitions being dominated by the best groups who utilise the finest art , technology , music and direction to produce works that are bound by very few limits - as long as it runs in real - time , it 's in .
Here we go :
1st : Frameranger by Fairlight & Orange & Carillon & Cyberiad
The technical powerhouse demo of the year with a blistering soundtrack to match .
Fairlight gave us a demo in two halves here : a story driven opening , and then , just in case you missed the incredible effects , a second half harking back to the old - school tradition of simply showing off your tech .
2nd : Rupture by ASD
A high octane escape run from a dystopian world , rendered in a beautiful post - Tron style .
3rd : The golden path by United Force & Digital Dynamite
This demo may be heavily influenced by the video for Cassius ' " The Sound of violence " but it 's still an entertaining and well - rendered journey .
4th : Chameleon by ASD
If ASD 's previous entry in this chart was an action scene from a Bond movie , then this is the title sequence .
Great direction and camerawork seal the deal again .
5th : Syntax Party 2009 Invite by Disaster Area
Another epic journey .
This time we see a demoscener hurridly finishing his demo and then rushing to present it at Syntax Party 2009 .
And it 's all rendered in a wonderful lo-res style .
6th : Assembly 2009 Invitation by Andromeda & Excess & Nooon
Back to a much more modern rendering style for another demoparty invitation , this time for Assembly 2009 .
7th : Blunderbuss by Fairlight
Almost the complete opposite of Frameranger , Fairlight 's second entry in this chart is beautifully understated - the tech behind it is no less advanced though .
8th : Everything is Under Control - The Breakpoint 2009 Invitation by MFX
Yet more invites !
This time MFX try to tempt us to visit Breakpoint 2009 .
The party almost did n't take place this year , after the main sponsor pulled out for economic reasons .
Thanks to the donations of sceners themselves and the hard work undertaken by the Breakpoint organising team to cut budgets and find new sponsors , the party still went ahead .
9th : Ballad of a Cluster Bomb - Director 's Cut by Kooma
Originally released at Breakpoint back in April and placing 14th in the demo competition there , Ballad of a Culster Bomb did n't exactly catch many people 's imagination .
But the director 's cut , released in September , sported a new look that lifted the demo to greater heights .
10th : Extatique by Adinpsz
And finally , an epic psychedelic trip from Adinpsz .
One would surely have to be a monster to take exception to the government measure suggesting that children should be compulsorily taught in schools that domestic violence and sexual assault are wrong .
So why do I have this sense of unease about the whole thing ?
Firstly , I just can't get with the idea that my seven - year - old daughter should be taught about sexual assault .
She 's too young .
And does a five - year - old really need to be " taught " that violence is wrong ?
If she ( or he ) sees one parent hit the other , would n't the natural reaction be revulsion and fear , even if his teacher had n't previously informed him or her that it was the proper response to a social evil ?
Likewise for the older children .
Domestic violence is so self - evidently improper that moral lectures to a 15 - year - old on the subject are superfluous .
If some stupid thug thinks that slapping his girlfriend is acceptable , than I doubt that the imprecations of his teacher is going to make much difference .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Beyond these largely practical points , my unease stretches into the area of what I think of " moral bullying . "
What are schools for ?
They are about teaching children how to think , and most importantly , to think for themselves .
To deliver moral lectures reeks of distasteful Victorian nannying .
The most powerful argument in favour of this programme would be that there are clearly people who believe " a bit of a slap " is somehow a routine and justifiable method of settling an argument .
This is obviously unacceptable , as is the idea that sexual assault is just a bit of " rough sex " , but I doubt that a teacher is going to be able to do much to convince any party that thinks otherwise .
But without in any way diminishing the seriousness of the issue , it may be that a mosquito is being swatted while an elephant runs rampant .
The British Crime Survey records that the rate of domestic violence is about 0.4 per cent in the female population as a whole .
Victimisation from violence among adult women generally is 2.1 per cent .
Which is nasty and without any possible justification .
However , the chance of being a victim of violence for a 16 - 24 year old male is far higher – an extraordinary 13.2 per cent .
As a young man you have a terrifying one in eight chance of being a victim of violent assault in a given year , as opposed to the less than one in 200 chance a woman suffers from being the victim of domestic assault .
Well those young lads put themselves in the position did n't they ?
They were asking for it , were n't they ?
Their body language was provocative , was n't it ?
Do those arguments sound familiar at all ?
I would not wish – dare ?
– to argue against these lessons to inform children that domestic violence and sexual assault are bad things .
But perhaps it might be worthwhile during the " Why It Is Bad for People to Hurt One Another " double period , to deliver a few doubtless ineffectual words about the continuing and disgraceful casualisation and normalisation of violence among and towards young men – which arguably is a phenomenon that overflows seamlessly and poisonously into male / female relationships .
The violence of men against men is not necessarily a more serious problem than the violence of men against women .
But it is a far bigger one .
If this project of men learning not to hit or assault women is to be addressed in our schools , then it is surely worth wasting an equal amount of time rehearsing the injunction that men should not hit other men either .
www.timlott.co.uk
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
French rescuers in Haiti on Wednesday pulled from rubble a girl who they believe could have been trapped since the January 12 earthquake .
The 16 - year - old girl was found in poor condition but was stable and talking , French spokesman Marcel Orcel said .
One of her legs may have been broken , rescuers said .
After a 45 - minute effort to extract her from the debris , the girl was transported in a helicopter to the French medical ship Sirocco .
i Report : Haiti's missing and found | Full coverage
Rescuers found the girl after a group of Haitians approached the French embassy in Port - au - Prince and said they could hear a voice in the rubble .
The rescuers followed them to the site and made contact with the girl , rescuer Claude Futilla said .
They found the girl dehydrated , weak and with low blood pressure , leading the French crew to believe that she 'd been buried since the earthquake struck Haiti 15 days ago , Futilla said .
It was believed that she had access to water where she was , in the bathroom of her house .
Finding shelter , aid , supplies
The girl , whose name was not immediately available , said " thank you " in French as she was taken away from the debris on a stretcher , covered with a heating blanket .
CNN 's Alec Miran , Justine Redman and Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .
In 2009 , the popular French comic strip series “ Asterix , ” featuring a pint - sized Gaul with super strength , celebrated its 50th anniversary – and the people responsible for the comic translation were placed in the spotlight .
With comic translations in over 100 countries , four live - action films and its own theme park near Paris , “ Asterix ” has become a worldwide name .
In the comic and its translations , the title character lives in ancient Gaul , battling against Roman soldiers with his best friend , Obelix .
Luckily , the village druid whips up a magic potion that gives the Gauls the strength to battle multiple soldiers apiece .
But despite the international acclaim , much of the humor in the “ Asterix ” books are based in the French language – its wordplay , puns , and humorous dialect jokes are a staple that seem impossible in a comic translation .
So how have the comic translators brought the series to such a global audience ?
The Translators Behind the Comic
Anthea Bell , who has translated every “ Asterix ” comic for British audiences since the first one appeared in 1969 , made many of the changes English speakers associate with the beloved comic .
Robert Steven Caron later made additional comic translations to localize the text for American readers .
“ If you are faithful to the spirit in translation then you have to be free with the letter – fidelity to the spirit is what matters , ” Bell explained in an interview to the UK’s The Guardian .
In her comic translations , Bell took great lengths to maintain the spirit of a joke or pun , rather than follow literal cues .
In one example , when Obelix dives into a pool of water to hide , Roman soldiers demand to know his whereabouts .
In French , the chief responds , “ Mes Gaulois sont dans la pleine ” – a reference to the famous French quote “ Les Gaulois sont dans la plaine ” ( “ The Gauls are on the plain ” ) .
Although the two sentences sound the same when spoken in French , the chief ’s meaning is “ My Gauls are in the full one , ” referring to the men hiding in the full pool .
Because English readers are n’t familiar with the famous quote and can’t hear the similarities between the two phrases , Bell changed the chief ’s response to “ Pooling your resources ” – making the pun on “ pool ” even more clear .
Bell ’s comic translations are similarly inventive when Asterix and his friends from Gaul encounter English speakers .
In the original strip , the creators poked fun at the British characters , who spoke French using English sentence constructions .
How to suggest this in a comic translation ?
Bell solved the problem by using dated “ upper class ” phrases like “ old bean ” and “ what ho ” to poke fun at the stereotypical “ stuffiness ” of her own countrymen in the same way the original comic did .
Humor in Any Language
One of the recurring jokes in the “ Asterix ” series is the wordplay in the characters ’ names .
The authors come up with Gallic and Roman - sounding names – which also have a another meaning when said out loud .
Check out how the comic translations preserve these linguistic jokes :
Agecanonix
This original name for the puttering village elder was a play on the French phrase “ âge canonique , ” or “ canonical age . ”
Bell played on this idea of an advanced age when she came up with his new name for her comic translation , “ Geriatrix . ”
Abraracourcix
Said out loud , this name of the Gaul village chief sounds like the French “ à bras raccourcis , ” a phrase referring to someone ready to fight .
In English comic translations , he is renamed him “ Vitalstatistix . ”
Babaorum
The name of a fictional Roman camp , Babaorum is a play on baba au rhum , a tasty French pastry .
British comic translations list the town as Totorum , referencing the “ tot o’ rum ” a Brit might request to drink .
In one of the American comic translations , a similar camp is named Nohappimedium .
In the worst economic storm in decades , a Beverly Hills company has an ambitious plan to build a $ 1.1 - billion cruise ship , set to cast off in 2013 .
But instead of offering four - or five - day excursions as typical cruise lines do , the business plans to sell half the cabins as floating homes .
Opulent cabins aboard the ship Utopia now range in price from about $ 3.7 million to $ 26 million .
But even at these prices , a key draw will be location .
FOR THE RECORD :
Cruise ship :
An article in Business on Monday about a proposed cruise ship that would offer residences for sale said that another ship , the Oasis of the Sea , weighs 225,000 tons .
The vessel ’s name is the Oasis of the Seas , and the tonnage is not the weight but the interior volume of the ship , measured in gross tons . —
During the Cannes Film Festival , the ship is slated to drop anchor near the south of France in the Mediterranean sea .
During the carnival celebration in Rio de Janeiro , the ship plans to dock off the coast of the Brazilian city .
On New Year ’s Eve , cruise ship operators hope to take passengers to Sydney Harbor in Australia to enjoy the fireworks display .
But some cruise industry experts doubt the project can stay afloat in the rough waters of the current economy .
“ The promises do n’t mean a whole lot until the keel is laid , ” said Stewart Chiron , a cruise expert and president of Leisure Pro , a travel marketing business .
Utopia Residences Co. placed an order last month with Samsung Heavy Industries to build the 971 - foot , 105,000 - ton ship , scheduled to launch from South Korea .
Once completed , the Utopia will offer 204 cabins that can be rented like hotel rooms for limited periods .
An additional 200 cabins will be sold as permanent residences , with prices ranging from about $ 3.7 million for a 1,400 - square - foot home with two bedrooms and two bathrooms to $ 26 million for a 6,600 - square - foot cabin with four bedrooms and three baths .
Utopia officials say purchasers would be buying a cabin on the ship but not an ownership share of the ship itself .
“ They are not condominiums , and the residents do not own the ship or common areas , ” said David Robb , chairman of Utopia Residences .
In addition , the cabin owners would have to pay regular fees for utilities , security , concierge services and access to private onboard clubs .
Some of the cabins feature hardwood floors , marble kitchen countertops , recessed lighting , walk - in closets and fireplaces .
Owners and renters would have access to the ship ’s many amenities , including three swimming pools , tennis courts , an outdoor movie theater , a miniature golf course , shops , restaurants and a “ lazy river ” meandering around the deck .
In addition , Utopia would perpetually cruise the seas , coming to port so passengers could enjoy the world ’s most celebrated sporting and cultural events .
Among the events on the Utopia itinerary are the Tour de France bicycle race , the Monaco Grand Prix car race and the America ’s Cup yacht race .
“ The beauty behind this product is that it ’s a global product , ” Robb said .
Much of the funding behind the project will come from Frontier Group , a private equity investment group based in Los Angeles and Washington , D.C .
The project comes only weeks after Royal Caribbean International launched the Oasis of the Sea , the world ’s largest cruise ship , at 1,181 feet long .
The King Kong of cruise ships weighs 225,000 tons with a capacity of 6,360 passengers .
The idea of a luxury residential cruise ship is not new .
The team behind Utopia , including Capt .
Ola Harsheim and Chief Engineer Tor Hansen , launched a similar , 644 - foot residential ship called the World in 2002 .
The following year , the residents of the World bought the ship and hired a management firm to operate it .
The ship continues to navigate the seas , stopping last month in Bateman ’s Bay in southern Australia .
Harsheim has been a cruise ship captain for nearly 40 years and sailed with Royal Viking Sea before launching the World .
Hansen previously worked as chief engineer with Crystal Cruises and Cunard .
Still , at least one attempt at launching a residential cruise ship has not been successful .
In 2002 , Ocean Development Group teamed up with Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts to propose a 720 - foot luxury residential cruise ship to set sail in 2007 .
But because of financing problems , the plan fell through .
Erik Hvide , a consultant and investor with Ocean Development Group , said the company could secure commitments to buy only about 30 % of the 112 units on the ship when the global economy began to sink .
Because the financing to build the ship was contingent on the sale of at least 60 % of the units , he said , the project failed .
While Hvide still believes the concept of a luxury residential cruise ship can succeed , he said he doubts the current economy will support the Utopia project .
“ If anything , getting financing today is more difficult than it was two years ago , ” he said .
But Robb -- a Harvard Business School graduate who co-founded Frontier Group along with Frank C. Carlucci , a defense secretary during the Reagan administration -- said he is confident that Utopia wo n’t suffer the same fate as the Four Seasons ship .
“ This ship has significant financial backing and very significant industrial part - ners who have enormous resources , ” he said .
Robb said Utopia Residences has already received purchase commitments for about 16 % of the residential space on the ship .
The cabins are being sold through Prudential Douglas Elliman of New York .
Other cruise experts say that the idea of launching a residential cruise ship for the super - rich may sound irrational during tough economic times , but that the market may improve by the time Utopia launches in 2013 .
“ By ordering a ship now , some of the advantages are that you have less competition and lower construction prices , ” said Matthew Jacob , director of Majestic Research , an equity research firm based in New York .
But Jacob noted that the number of people who enjoy cruises and have the money to buy a ship cabin is very limited .
“ It ’s going to be an extremely niche product , ” he said .
Still , during any economic slump there are always a few super - rich people who are willing to spend , said Jill Wlos , a cruise consultant for BuyCruises.com .
“ In this economy there are still a lot of people with a lot of money that they do n’t know what to do with , ” she said .
“ It would n’t be too hard to find 200 people with that kind of money . ”
hugo.martin@latimes.com
Anchorage
SARAH PALIN , a onetime beauty queen , a mother of five , the Republican candidate for vice president in 2008 , and the former governor of Alaska , has a new incarnation : author .
Her memoir , “ Going Rogue : An American Life , ” out today , is already a best seller .
In what was trumpeted as a “ world exclusive , ” Ms. Palin sat down with Oprah Winfrey on Monday to discuss the obvious controversies in which she has been a participant  among them , the dismal Katie Couric interview , her conflicts with the McCain campaign and her difficult relationship with Levi Johnston , the father of her grandson .
Her book tour , much of which will be conducted by bus , promises to attract the energy of a “ tea party ” rally and the hoopla of a presidential campaign .
As the country continues to be fascinated with Ms. Palin , here is what continues to fascinate Alaskans : how a woman who takes pride in calling herself a homemaker from Wasilla brought celebrity culture to the Last Frontier .
No other Alaskan can match her stardom .
Ted Stevens , a senator for four decades , became only briefly notorious after being indicted on corruption charges .
Only hockey fans recognize Scott Gomez ( formerly of the New York Rangers , now of the Montreal Canadiens ) .
The four - time Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race champion , Susan Butcher , died in 2006 .
The skippers on the Discovery Channel ’s “ Deadliest Catch ” are not household names .
Did Marcy Winograd make that sign ?
Jane Harman sure did n't
Dear Progressive Caucus Members ,
Last week , we received the unfortunate news that a stalwart ally of progressive Democrats everywhere has come out to give her support to one of the worst Blue Dogs in the House .
Congressional Progressive Caucus Co-Chair Lynn Woolsey has decided to appear at a fundraiser for war hawk Jane Harman ( CA 36 ) this Saturday , in a part of the district that last time turned out strongly for Marcy Winograd , a much loved and respected member of our own Progressive Caucus .
Marcy is challenging Jane again and this time , the ‘ powers that be ’ have wasted no time in implementing a plan which includes character assassination on the one hand to whip up a McCarthy - like hysteria among a targeted demographic in the district , and a cynical divide and conquer strategy on the other , in an attempt to cut into the base of support that is apparent for Marcy .
While we understand the politics of well , politics , what caught all of us off guard was the matter of degree to which the situation has so far transpired and most disappointingly , the way ‘ one of our own ’ obliged the Harman campaign without considering the consequences of her actions .
We have received quite a few emails asking us to respond as officers of the Caucus .
We thank everyone for contacting us .
This is indeed an important development that warrants a serious and thoughtful response .
On behalf of the CDP ’s Progressive Caucus Executive Board , the following letter has been sent to Congresswoman Woolsey .
We hope you agree that it reflects the collective view of our Caucus membership .
Faithfully yours ,
Karen Bernal
Chair , Progressive Caucus , CDP
January 13 , 2010
Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey
2263 Rayburn Building
Washington , DC 20515
Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey
1050 Northgate Drive , Suite 354
San Rafael , CA .
94903
Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey
1101 College Avenue , Suite 200
Santa Rosa , CA 95404
Dear Congresswoman
Woolsey ,
We , the officers of the Progressive Caucus of the California Democratic Party , are your constituents , both in your district , and throughout the rest of California .
We are your friends , your ardent supporters through your long and distinguished career and consider ourselves your progressive colleagues in the California Democratic Party .
We have worked for the same agenda inside the Democratic Party as you pushed for in Congress .
We turned out and worked on the ground to defeat your primary opponent several years ago , motivated by a deep admiration for the leadership you have shown on many issues dear to Progressives , and we have been reliable campaign contributors along the way .
We write to express our strong disappointment in your decision to support the re-election campaign of Jane Harman , an undistinguished , scandal - ridden conservative , over Marcy Winograd , a true and longstanding progressive .
We understand that Harman has recently moved slightly left in an attempt to keep her seat .
After the election , however , we expect her to revert to her blue - dog ways and oppose much of your ( and our ) legislative agenda .
Marcy , on the other hand , is a certain vote for the progressive legislation you and we have fought for : an end to two wars , Medicare for all , reform of the banking system , a civil liberties renaissance , etc .
To us , it should be an easy moral as well as political choice : replace a blue - dog with another member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus .
While we do not relish having to write to you over this matter , we are more astonished to find ourselves in the position of having to express how damaging we feel your appearance at this event would be to the credibility and reputation of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , the health of the progressive movement in the Democratic Party ( which could be made either precarious or robust , depending on the actions of those representatives we deem most important , such as yourself ) , and all who would call themselves Progressive Democrats .
Numerous articles have been written on the subject of the wandering soul of our Party as of late , and as progressives in the largest state party in the nation , we would hope you would recognize the context in which your actions will certainly be judged .
We know that you are committed to this fundraiser .
If you wo n’t withdraw from that event , we ask that you appear at a similar event for Marcy Winograd in your district .
Sincerely , and hopefully ,
Karen Bernal , Chair , AD 5 , CD 5
Mal Burnstein , NoCal Vice - Chair , AD 14 , CD 9
Ahjamu Makalani , SoCal Vice - Chair , AD 61 , CD 43
Dotty LeMieux , Secretary , AD 6 , CD 6
Ralph Miller , Treasurer , AD 6 , CD 6
Jeffrey Killeen , Parliamentarian , AD 27 , CD 14
Mayme Hubert , Officer - at - Large , AD 6 , CD 6
Dr. Bill Honigman , Officer - at - Large , AD 73 , CD 48
J Brian Washman , Officer - at - Large , AD 4 , CD 4
Progressive Caucus of the California Democratic Party
24 Riverpebble Ct
Sacramento CA 95833
916.359.2151
info@ProgressiveCaucusCDP.org
Jane Harman has never seen a war she did n't like or a crime by anyone important that she could n't excuse .
When caught on a warrantless wiretap by the Bush - Cheney gang conspiring with representatives of the Israeli government against her own , Harman chose to allow herself to be blackmailed .
She pressured the New York Times to keep the story of warrantless spying programs secret until Bush could get into a second term as president .
Harman 's loyalty is not to the wishes of her constituents , not to the political fate of her party ( the Democrats ) and not to her country .
In other words she 's a model congress member .
Lynn Woolsey , another Democratic congress member , from Northern California , sometimes -- in fact more than almost anyone else -- votes against her party 's leadership but with her constituents and the majority of Americans .
She votes for peace , justice , decency , and good governance .
But just about the only thing she does is vote right .
And all of her good votes are countered by someone like Jane Harman , who always votes the worst way she can manage .
I like Lynn Woolsey .
She has good intentions .
She 's spoken at peace rallies .
She and I have spoken together at the same peace rallies .
I 've made a website to raise money for her .
But I spoke up in her district last week , and her constituents cheered when I denounced what she was planning to do in Los Angeles .
A crowd of people was protesting yesterday outside a fundraiser for Harman , according to the report I got from my friend , Ray McGovern .
And they were progressive activists , the same people who usually cheer for Woolsey when they see her .
Now they were protesting her action , and she had to run the gauntlet to enter the event .
According to Ray , Congresswoman
Woolsey kept her eyes on the ground and gave the appearance of a criminal being paraded before the cameras after being convicted of some highly embarrassing crime .
When she passed by him , Ray said " I am very disappointed in you , Lynn , " but she would n’t look at him .
When she reached the door , Woolsey raised her fist in triumph , as if to say " I made it through you nonviolent peacenik riff - raff , hurrah ! "
It was an accomplishment not much less significant than any of Woolsey 's accomplishments as co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus ( CPC ) .
Several caucuses in Congress behave as caucuses .
The Blue Dog Caucus , for example , has been known to tell the congressional leadership that its members will vote against a piece of legislation unless it is made worse in certain specified ways .
And so it is .
These other caucuses are taken seriously and have an impact because they do n't just say things .
They do things .
They threaten to vote
No if they do n't get their way , and they follow through .
The CPC has never ever ever done that .
As a result it is universally ignored , despite being the largest so - called caucus in Congress .
... What more would I have Lynn Woolsey and every other so - called progressive member of Congress do ?
I would have them do what you or I would do if we were there : publicly commit to voting
No on war money ahead of time , publicly and privately lobby and pressure colleagues and leadership to do the same , vote
No on the procedural votes that allow the policy votes , quit monkeying around with bills that express displeasure or which will never pass the Senate and be signed into law , and focus instead relentlessly and uncompromisingly on blocking the funding in the House .
An all - out peace advocate would not raise money for Jane Harman , but would instead publicly shame Jane Harman 's funders and call for a criminal investigation of both Harman and her blackmailers .
An all - out peace advocate in Congress would be exactly like ... well , exactly like Marcy Winograd .
Marcy is a brilliant , outspoken , hardworking , and principled activist citizen challenging Jane Harman in an electoral primary and scaring her into whatever pressure it is she put on Lynn Woolsey that brought her down to Los Angeles to provide " progressive " cover .
If Lynn Woolsey wanted progressive change , rather than merely progressive branding and imagery , she would be standing shoulder to shoulder with Marcy Winograd .
Fortunately , I get the impression that a great many Angelenos and Americans are principled , decent , and sophisticated enough to support Woolsey when she does right and oppose her when she does wrong , and to overwhelm her misplaced advocacy with our support , donations , and volunteer time for the woman who will be the leader of the fight for the people 's views against the corporate agenda in the 112th Congress , Marcy Winograd .
A few days ago we mentioned that Lynn Woolsey , the co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , had decided to do a fundraiser for Blue Dog Jane Harman .
Harman , the wealthiest Democrat in the House , has supported Woolsey in the past and perhaps Woolsey felt that that overshadowed Harman 's consistent support for the Bush agenda , especially all things related to war , but also including Bush 's domestic priorities , like the bankruptcy bill that makes life almost unbearable for so many victims of medical and health insurance catastrophes .
That does n't make her a bad person ; but it does make her a bad co-chair for the Progressive Caucus .
She should resign from that .
Woolsey is also on the board of PDA and yesterday they publicly excoriated her for backing Harman .
They pointed out that she was " conferring on the Harman campaign is something far more valuable than an appeal for financial donations ( which , given her vast personal wealth , are hardly needed ) .
Your title of Progressive Caucus Co-Chair will be useful to the Harman campaign as it labors to give Democratic primary voters the false impression that she can be called ' progressive ' in any meaningful sense of the word .
" Along those same lines , yesterday the California Progressive Caucus sent all their members the following letter :
And this is what they sent to Woolsey herself :
In a few hours Blue America will officially endorse Marcy Winograd for the congressional seat representing CA - 36 and she will join us a CrooksAndLiars.com at 10 AM ( PT ) >
I hope you can come too .
Meanwhile , please consider donating to Marcy 's campaign Marcy has been slandered by Harman supporters who like to whisper about some anti-Israel plot .
Listen to Marcy in her own words about the Middle East : David Swanson author of Daybreak : Undoing the
Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union and founder of After Downing Street reflected -- very powerfully -- on Woolsey 's sell - out to Jane Harman yesterday .
Labels : California Progressive Caucus , Jane Harman , Lynn Woolsey , Marcy Winograd
Tungsten complex breaks C–C bond in quinoxaline .
Text Size A A
A strong aromatic carbon - carbon bond can be cleaved with ease by a tungsten complex that inserts the metal between the two carbon atoms , report chemists at Columbia University ( Nature 2010 , 463 , 523 ) .
The mechanism of this unusual bond breaking , which was observed in quinoxaline under mild conditions , could be extended to other systems , say the report ’s authors , opening new avenues for functionalizing aromatic molecules .
Aaron Sattler and Gerard Parkin discovered the tungsten complex ’s bond - breaking ability while searching for a compound that would cleave C–N aromatic bonds .
They had been working with molybdenum complexes but decided to switch to tungsten , which is a more aggressive metal .
Sattler and Parkin were surprised to find that in the presence of the N - heterocyclic molecule quinoxaline , the tungsten complex breaks the aromatic C–C bond adjacent to the aromatic C–N bond , even though the C–N bond is typically more reactive .
“ Carbon - carbon bond cleavage reactions are uncommon and are typically only observed when the C–C bond is held in close proximity to the metal center , or when the cleavage is accompanied by relief of strain energy or the formation of an aromatic system , ” Parkin explains .
“ The most promising aspect of the study is , therefore , that this type of cleavage could be extended to other transition - metal compounds and other substrates , and thereby ultimately leads to a new way of functionalizing organic molecules . ”
The researchers have examined the reactivity of the tungsten complex with a few other aromatic compounds but have not observed the same C–C bond cleavage .
“ Sattler and Parkin ’s reaction is a molecular tour de force , although it is probably a long way from seeing any useful applications , ” writes Rutgers University chemistry professor Alan Goldman in a commentary that accompanies the paper .
Even so , he notes , “ the unusual mechanism may inspire new routes to a more general cleavage of C–C bonds , applications of which can be envisaged , ranging from the syntheses of pharmaceutical compounds to the development of new catalysts for the hydrodenitrogenation of fossil fuels . ”
Michaele and Tareq Salahi shocked the nation last week , when they illustrated how alarmingly easy it may be to gate - crash the President 's home , but as small business owners they also accomplished something else few have been able to do : get attention from the White House .
Government aid to small businesses has lagged badly since the financial crisis began in earnest 20 months ago .
In the 10 months since President Obama took office , his administration has worked hard through bailouts and incentives to preserve the advantage ...
Three young Aboriginal men have been hospitalised after a circumcision ceremony went wrong .
The men were admitted to the Tennant Creek hospital on December 30 , and spent four days in hospital with severe lacerations .
Jeff Warner from the Anyinginyi Health Aboriginal Corporation says he is disappointed Aboriginal elders did not ensure health staff were present at the ceremony .
He says an Indigenous health worker should have been present .
" [ That is ] just in case anything goes wrong , " Mr Warner said .
" There are problems associated with the materials they use .
There could be contamination , that sort of stuff , and we are always on hand providing antibiotics .
" I 'm just really disappointed that we were n't informed to be part of it .
" Anyinginyi is the community - controlled Aboriginal health service in the area .
We 're normally called upon to provide assistance and any frontline stuff that happens on the spot .
" Then we 're called out to it , and in fact I think we 've always provided a male Aboriginal health worker to the program . "
The NT health department says it provides men's ceremonial kits with sterile swabs , scalpels and pain relief , and male health staff are available to attend men's camps during initiations but only with the permission of elders .
A health department spokesman says only one of the men was aged under 18 , and the Department of Families and Children has been notified .
He says blood from the men which was on the ground outside the Tennant Creek Hospital 's emergency department was cleaned up with appropriate infection control measures .
The two morons behind that terrible " Balloon Boy " stunt are finally going to have to pay the price for all of their dumbassery -- a cool $ 42,000 .
The Larimer County District Attorney 's office claims it sent the bill to Richard and Mayumi Heene -- demanding the couple pay restitution to the agencies which took part in the rescue attempt when they thought 6 - year - old Falcon Heene had gone airborne in a massive Jiffy Pop - style hot air balloon .
According to the Denver Post , the DA claims the Heene 's $ 42 k will go towards the police , the national guard and the Federal Aviation Administration -- who all played a role on October 15 .
A lawyer for the Heenes claims they wo n't pay a cent until they see receipts and records -- we 're pretty sure there 's no shortage of TV footage .
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Fewer than half of the project 's hydropower generators are working China has postponed a plan to raise the Three Gorges reservoir to its ideal height of 175 metres due to a lack of water , the firm running the dam said .
There has been less water than expected flowing into the reservoir from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River .
More water than anticipated has also been let out of the reservoir because of drought further down river .
Filling the reservoir will mark the end of the multi-billion - dollar project that was started in 1993 .
Landslide fear China 's Three Gorges Corporation began raising the level of the 660 km - long ( 410 miles ) reservoir in September .
The plan was to reach 175 m - a level at which the project becomes fully operational - in late October or early November .
But officials have admitted that they are now not sure when that will happen .
" Less water flowed into the Three Gorges in October and this exacerbated our water shortage problems , " said a statement from the corporation .
Officials said 35 % less water flowed into the reservoir in October compared to the same month in 2008 .
The statement added : " There was also a larger demand than expected for water further down the river for the environment , water supplies and shipping transport . "
The Three Gorges Dam is a model of the past
Peter Bosshard , director of International Rivers
There has been a drought in the provinces of Hunan and Jiangxi , leading to calls for more water to be released from the reservoir .
The reservoir needs to be 175 m deep for the project to fully meet its roles of providing electricity , preventing floods and ensuring navigation .
The current water level is about 171 m - but at that level only 11 of the scheme 's 26 hydropower generators are operating .
But the lack of water is not the project 's only problem .
Environmentalists have long pointed out that the changing height of the reservoir could lead to landslides along its banks .
That is something the corporation admits is true .
" Landslides are inevitable in areas near the reservoir as water levels change , " said a spokesman for the Three Gorges Corporation .
The Three Gorges project is the world 's larges hydropower scheme .
It has displaced 1.3 million people and submerged 13 cities .
Officially the infrastructure project has cost $ 27.2bn , but others believe the real price could be much higher .
The project was championed by former Chinese leader Mao Zedong , but it has always had its fierce critics .
" The Three Gorges Dam is a model of the past , " said Peter Bosshard , the policy director of International Rivers , a California - based non-governmental organisation that seeks to protect rivers .
" There are smarter ways of generating energy and managing floods than by building outdated mega- projects . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With the assistance of Jane Van Ryan at API , I contacted to Steve Baker at Colonial Pipeline , to find out what is happening .
I discovered the oversubscription seems to be related to refinery shutdowns in the Northeast .
Companies will be able to ship a pro-rated portion of their original nomination , based on their shipping history over the past year , according to Colonial .
The Alpharetta , Georgia - based company issued the requirement , known as an allocation , in a bulletin to shippers for the 70th cycle .
The restriction applies to shipments on Colonial pipelines north of Collins , Mississippi .
Colonial Pipeline Co. , which operates the largest pipeline linking U.S. Gulf Coast refiners and East Coast markets , will limit shipments of gasoline because orders exceed the company ’s ability to deliver fuel on time .
In the past several weeks , we have seen many reports such as this :
Many of you will remember that Colonial Pipeline is the big pipeline that carries finished oil products from the Gulf Coast up to the Northeast part of the United States .
Map showing route of Colonial Pipeline
I live in the Atlanta area , so I remember when there have been gasoline disruptions because of inadequate supply .
This has happened twice : once following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , and again in September 2008 , following two gulf hurricanes .
When I inquired , I found out that there are really two parallel pipelines .
One carries only gasoline products ; the other carries distillate products .
The line that is running short of capacity is the gasoline pipeline .
( If only one is running short of capacity , it is not too surprising that it is the gasoline line .
Distillate products like diesel fuel are now in very abundant supply ; gasoline is at closer to normal levels . )
When I asked why demand was so high for gasoline pipeline capacity , one of the reasons mentioned was that shutdowns in refinery capacity in the Northeast were causing more demand for Gulf Coast gasoline .
( If a refinery closes , it presumably will stop importing crude oil , and will also stop producing finished products such as gasoline and diesel .
This supply needs to be replaced somewhere else . )
In checking in the news , I see two different refineries recently mentioned with shut downs :
Valero to permanently close Delaware City Refinery
This is a 192,000 barrel a day plant in Delaware .
The story above indicates it was partially shut down early this year .
No exact date for closing was given , but it sounds to be around the end of 2009 , so the final shut down has n't really taken place yet .
Sunoco idling Eagle Point refinery , slashing dividend in half
The other refinery closing was that of Sunoco 's 145,000 barrel a day Eagle Point refinery in New Jersey .
This may have taken place over a period of time , but did not finish until December 1 , 2009 .
So at this point , we really have n't really felt the full effect of these two refinery shut downs .
Even so , gasoline distributors are putting in more orders for gasoline from the Gulf Coast , to help offset the expected decline in gasoline refined in the Northeast .
Another reason Mr. Baker gave for the high levels of orders is that the price of gasoline on the Gulf Coast is relatively inexpensive now .
If given a choice between importing gasoline from the Gulf or gasoline from Europe , gasoline from the gulf is a getter deal .
So perhaps European supply is a little on the short side , or the falling dollar makes what is available more expensive .
It is not too surprising that refiners are shuttering refineries in the Northeast .
These are likely among the oldest refineries , and oil consumption in the East has been dropping for several years , as can be seen on the graph above .
Profit margins have also been low .
Will the refinery shutdowns in the Northeast cause a gasoline supply problem ?
With supplies as adequate as they are now , probably not , but it is a situation to keep watching .
There are several different approaches that can be taken to make up the shortfall caused by the refinery shutdowns :
1 . Oil that would have been imported by the two refineries that are being shut down can perhaps be imported by other refineries in the Northeast , so the refined product will still be available in the Northeast .
The amount of capacity being shut down amounts to about 20 % of total refining capacity in " PADD1 " ( the East Coast ) , and production has recently been running at about 75 % of capacity .
If the remaining refineries run at close to full capacity , the other refineries could theoretically make up the difference -- but it would be a stretch .
2 . More refined products ( rather than crude oil ) might be imported from Europe .
3 . If pipelines are full , ships could be used to transport gasoline from the Gulf Coast to the Northeast .
So there are options that can work , as long as everything is operating normally .
The question is what happens when there is a shortfall , such as from a hurricane , or a supply disruption from Europe .
Then it seems like there may be even more buyers dependent on the Colonial Pipeline for supply .
One thing that is annoying ( to someone living in Atlanta , anyhow ) is that if more customers want to use the pipeline than the total capacity , it appears that all of the orders are prorated by the same percentage .
The problem I see with this is a place like Atlanta is not on the coast , so is 100 % dependent on what we get from the pipeline .
If Atlanta orders are prorated because someone in New Jersey would like to order more gasoline , we are stuck with getting along with whatever is available ( and possibly long lines at gas stations , as with the two hurricane situations ) .
If New Jersey or Baltimore or New York are " shorted , " they at least have the option of receiving shipments by sea , either from the Gulf Coast or from Europe .
I suppose with time , and the possibility with higher prices , this will all work out .
But one does n't like to see Colonial 's gasoline pipeline already being utilized at of 100 % of capacity , and orders being prorated , even before the two refineries that are being closed are fully off line .
The system seems to have very little slack in it .
Such systems are the ones most prone to disruption .
N;1 . Someone who evidently attempts to dress as a goth while being largely oblivious to the actual subculture as they 're too smitten by all the nifty black spiky things they can buy to make them look mysterious and nonconformist at Hot Topic !
2 .
Someone who 's newly thrust themself into the gothic subculture without a clue as to what it stands for , usually marked by a lame wardrobe , the writing of terrible poetry mentioning blood and broken mirrors at least twice , a newly acquired cutting habit , and several recently failed half - assed suicide attempts .
3 .
Someone who decides to pose as a goth for no reason beyond wanting to look like a more interesting person , usually unbeknownst to them ( the average doom cookie thinks s/ he is n't one ) , but gives themself away immediately with their obnoxious or ridiculously overdone gloomy personality and an unnatural affinity towards being repeatedly raped by Hot Topic 's prices in order to own 5 more pairs of bondage parachute pants
Dana Perino So Glad We Never Had a Terrorist Attack on America During George W. Bush 's Presidency
I remember very vividly a heated argument with Karl Rove over eight years ago in which I worried about spending and deficits .
" Deficits do n't matter ! "
Rove kept repeating in that nasal world - weary tone he has .
After a bit , I said , " What do you mean , deficits do n't matter ?
Do n't you remember the 1990s ? "
" No , no , no , no , Andrew , " he replied .
" What I mean is that people do n't vote on deficits .
That 's why they do n't matter . "
I learned then that nothing beyond short term politics motivates Rove .
Nothing .
And I also learned : this fathomless cynicism is not just repulsive , it 's invariably wrong .
People sure did vote on deficits in 1992 .
And one small reason Obama won in 2008 is because many Independents and Republicans could n't trust the GOP to stop spending and borrowing us into oblivion in an era of economic growth .
Now , Rove - whose shamelessness is only matched by his incompetence - is writing a deficit hawk column for the WSJ .
The sliver of argument he has left is that the debt we now face is vaster than we imagined only a year ago .
The reason ?
Rove would have you believe it 's those spend - and - splurge Democrats .
In fact , of course , the massive debt has been building for years and its new height was precipitated by the recession begun under Bush ( who was still in office a year ago ) , by the stimulus necessary to prevent a total abyss , by the bailout money required to rescue the banks , and by the continued de-leveraging after the reckless private borrowing of the Bush - Cheney years .
What Rove requires is what Palin requires : total amnesia of what they just said or did .
There is nothing deeper to either of them than the cynical attempt to spin the next five minutes to their own advantage and at the cost of the country in general .
One knows better ; the other knows nothing .
Together , they represent a useful spectrum of the degeneracy on the Republican right .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Enabling & Support ESA spacecraft may help unravel cosmic mystery
12/11/2009 2493 views 15 likes
When Europe 's comet chaser Rosetta swings by Earth tomorrow for a critical gravity assist , tracking data will be collected to precisely measure the satellite 's change in orbital energy .
The results could help unravel a cosmic mystery that has stumped scientists for two decades .
Since 1990 , scientists and mission controllers at ESA and NASA have noticed that their spacecraft sometimes experience a strange variation in the amount of orbital energy they exchange with Earth during planetary swingbys .
The unexplained variation is noticed as a tiny difference in speed gained or lost during the swingby when comparing that predicted by fundamental physics and that actually measured after the event .
Tiny unexplained speed variations
The unexplained speed variations are extremely small : NASA 's Galileo satellite experienced an increase of just 3.9 mm / s above the expected value when it swung past Earth in December 1990 .
The largest unexpected variation - a boost of 13.0 mm / s - was observed with NASA 's NEAR spacecraft at its Earth swingby in January 1998 .
On the other hand , variations seen at the swingbys of NASA 's Cassini in 1999 and Messenger in 2005 were so small that they lay within the bounds of uncertainty .
ESTRACK New Norcia 35 m deep space antenna : tracking Rosetta to detect unknown speed anomaly ESA 's Rosetta has made two Earth swingbys , in 2005 and 2007 .
It too , experienced the strange anomaly .
Frustratingly , Rosetta sped up by an unexplained 1.8 mm / s during the first passage , but experienced no slowing or speeding in 2007 .
No one knows what will happen on 13 November 2009 for Rosetta 's third and last Earth swingby : scientists are stumped .
" It 's a mystery as to what is happening with these gravity events .
Some studies have looked for answers in new interpretations of current physics .
If this proves correct , it would be absolutely ground - breaking news , " says Trevor Morley , lead flight dynamics specialist working on Rosetta at ESOC , ESA 's European Space Operations Centre , Darmstadt , Germany .
ESA researchers study Rosetta Together with ESA colleague and orbital mechanics specialist Frank Budnik , Morley co-authored a scientific report in 2006 that studied the Rosetta anomaly during the 2005 swingby and listed possible causes .
These range from tidal effects peculiar to the near - Earth environment , atmospheric drag , or the pressure of radiation emitted or reflected by the Earth , to much more extreme possibilities , such as dark matter , dark energy or previously unseen variations in General Relativity , one of the most fundamental and well - tested theories of modern physics .
NASA 70 m Deep Space Network antenna , Goldstone , California One American research team , led by ex-NASA scientist John Anderson , is even looking at the possibility that Earth 's rotation may be distorting space - time - the fundamental fabric of our Universe - more than expected , thus affecting nearby spacecraft .
But there is as yet no explanation how this could happen .
Before even considering such exotic explanations , all the usual causes of spacecraft speed errors have been thoroughly eliminated by numerous investigations conducted over the years at both ESA and NASA .
Software bugs , calculation errors , tracking uncertainties and other , much more mundane , causes have all been systematically eliminated or accounted for , leaving the speed anomaly maddeningly unexplained .
NASA 's Pionneer 10 & 11 similarly affected
As it stands now , no one knows what 's behind this - it really is a mystery .
Scientists at a number of universities and research centres in Europe , the US and Japan have worked on the anomaly problem over the past years .
The Earth swingby anomaly has been compared to another unexplained anomaly - one experienced by NASA 's Pioneer 10 and 11 spacecraft .
As they travel on trajectories that will take them eventually into interstellar space , both have experienced an unexpected acceleration directed toward the Sun , which has yet to be explained .
Watching through the night
At ESOC on 13 November , the mission control and flight dynamics teams will be watching closely as ESA 's 35 m New Norcia station in Australia tracks Rosetta during the closest approach , expected at 08:45:40.0 CET , followed - after a visibility gap of 20 minutes - by ESA 's 15 m Maspalomas station .
The tracking activity will generate highly precise data that will record whether the spacecraft speeds up or slows down more or less than expected .
Deep space ground stations operated by NASA , at Canberra , Australia , and Goldstone , California , will also observe the spacecraft before and after closest approach .
ESA / NASA Cassini-Huygens swings by Earth 1999 , slowing unexpectedly " We are using as many ground stations as are available to maximise the amount of swingby data we record .
The more data we get , the better the chance that we may eventually come up with an answer , " says Morley .
The data is keenly awaited by scientists on a number of continents , who are hoping to see whether the anomaly is present and whether an explanation is finally possible .
" As it stands now , no one knows what 's behind this - it really is a mystery .
And your prediction as to whether Rosetta will experience any swingby speed anomaly at all on 13 November is as good as anyone 's , " says Morley .
` People before Profits !´
In the United States the motto can be seen on signs at protests or health care rallies , though it is a plea historically ignored by lawmakers in Washington .
But in Ecuador , President Rafael Correa has translated this phrase into policy .
` People before Profits !´
In the United States the motto can be seen on signs at protests or health care rallies , though it is a plea historically ignored by lawmakers in Washington .
But in Ecuador , President Rafael Correa has translated this phrase into policy .
On Oct. 26 President Correa announced that he would use the World Trade Organization´s TRIPS agreement to issue compulsory licenses in order to manufacture and import generic and affordable medications , saying that access to medicines is a " human right . "
Ecuador´s constitution states that " health is a right ensured by the State " and that the government must “ ensure availability and access to quality , safe and effective medicine , regulate the commercialization thereof and promote domestic production and use of generic drugs that meet the epidemiological needs of the population .
In access to medicines , public health interests shall take precedence over economic and commercial interests . ”
The decision was praised by UNASUR´s Ministers of Health at a meeting in Quito last month .
Ecuador´s Health Minister , Caroline Chang , said at the meeting that Ecuador will continue working to eliminate " not only the pain of the poor , but remove the reasons that cause poverty in our country . "
Oscar Ugarte Ubillús , Peru´s Minister of Health , said Ecuador´s decision is an " exercise of sovereignty , is a positive , and appeared in the context of the international standards , " and something everyone at the meeting as ministers and health officials can support .
Andres Ycaza , president of Ecuador ’s Intellectual Property Institute ( IEPI ) , believes that President Correa´s decision will significantly reduce the cost of medicines .
He noted that in 2002 , after a local lab requested a license to produce a GSK - patented antiretroviral , the British company in turn cut the price from $ 350 to $ 60 .
" High costs , insufficient production and a lack of research have contributed to the fact that millions of people do not enjoy equitable access to medicines in developing countries such as Ecuador , " said Ycaza .
There are 2,214 patents that the Ecuadorian government will review to determine whether it is necessary to produce generics domestically , or import generic versions from other countries .
Ycaza said Ecuador would pay royalty payments between 0.5 percent and 3 percent .
According to IEPI , the average cost of medicine drops over 90 percent when the market is open to competition .
" This sets a useful global precedent , " said Peter Maybarduk , an attorney with Essential Action .
" As more drugs fall under patents the probability of monopoly drug pricing grows greater and greater . "
Essential Action provides technical assistance for a variety of governments and civil society groups promoting access to medicines .
Meanwhile , the Pharmaceutical Industry of Investigation , or IFI , which represents local units of European and US companies , stated in a press release " We accept the democratic decision … to legally implement this extraordinary measure . "
While the industry body would have liked to have been invited to participate in the process , something that is not required by law , and had no choice but to accept the decision , it added that " No legal right is superior to the requirements of public health , especially in such serious circumstances . "
" We ´re hopeful Ecuador will serve as an excellent example for countries in the region and around the world who are promoting access to medicines , " said Essential Action´s Maybarduk .
Cyril Mychalejko is an editor at www.UpsideDownWorld.org, an online magazine covering politics and activism in Latin America .
He also serves on the board of the Canary Institute .
Overview
Flip Movie Converter is designed Flip Converter for Flip users to convert Flip movie created by any series of Flip devices to any other video / audio formats , such as Flip movie to WMV , Flip movie to AVI , M4V , AVI , 3GP , FLV , HD video and AAC , MP3 , OGG , WMA , etc for any players .
As the professional Flip movie converter software , Flip Video Converter also provides you with powerful editing functions to recreate video : Effect , Trim , Crop , Watermark and Merge for you to adjust output video effect , crop video play region and capture any time - length clips .
More output settings of video / audio parameters are also available for you to adjust .
Powerful Flip Movie Converter
It is easy to convert flip video mp4 to MPEG - 4 , MOV , M4V , AVI , ASF , WMV , 3GP , MKV , FLV , SWF , VOB , HD videos and AAC , FLAC , MP3 , M4A , MP2 , OGG , WAV , WMA audios .
You are allowed to extract audio files from any video formats , like MP4 , AVI , WMV , etc .
This Flip Movie Converter supports batches conversion for you to get more than one output formats at one conversion .
Trim , Crop , Merge and Watermark Flip Movie Converter provides you with the function of trim any time - length clips from source video by setting the exact start and end time .
With its crop function , Flip Movie Converter helps you cut off the unwanted part and adjust the aspect ratio to get the perfect play screen for your player .
You can join several separated video chapter together for you to enjoy them successively .
Add text or image watermark for your preference .
You can also adjust the position and transparency of video watermark .
Choose Video Profile Flip Movie Converter enables you to choose the audio track and subtitle for your output video .
You can also choose on subtitle .
All the video and audio parameters are provided for you to choose , including Video Encoder , Resolution , Frame Rate , Video Bitrate , and Audio Encoder , Sample Rate , Channels , Audio Bitrate .
All those parameters can be saved as user defined profile for your future use .
Select the suitable video and audio format for your player from the drop - down list .
Best User Experience Flip Movie Converter allows you to preview both the original video and converted video at the same window for you to see clearly the converted effect .
With intuitive and user - friendly interface , Flip Movie Converter makes your conversion easy to operate .
Advanced NVIDIA ® CUDA ™ technology of Flip Movie Converter can completely accelerate your conversion speed , 6X faster than before .
Screenshot
Reviews
I can truly say that I have never meet such useful Flip Movie Converter .
I want to express my gratitude to you .
- Ellen
I like this Flip Movie Converter .
Thanks very much .
- Karen Millen
Very convenient and the function of converting is very amazing .
- Texas Holdem
Reference
OS Supported : Windows 10 , Windows 8/8.1 , Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP ( SP2 or later )
Hardware Requirements : 800MHz
Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
around sunset " Yknow it 's always darkest before the dawn , " says me .
" Unless the sun blows up , " says Giblets .
" Cause now that the sun 's blown up it 's just always darkest before it gets more dark . "
" Well I guess so , " says me .
" But even then you got the bright side a the sun blowin up , like no more sunburns an cheaper parkin at the beach an more job opportunities for our friends in the vampire community . "
" You talk crazy talk ! " says Giblets .
" Vampires will never overcome the systemic racial prejudice of the wolfman - industrial complex ! "
" See that 's just the kinda negative - nancy gloom - and - doom - talk that got the sun blown up in the first place , " says me .
" Oh , the sun 's too hot .
Oh , the sun causes cancer .
Oh , let 's shoot this sun-exploding missile at the sun . "
" Look , we could sit around all day pointing fingers and playing the blame game but where 's that gonna get us ? " says Giblets .
" Blamed , that 's where !
What we need to do is come up with alternative sources of sun , like real big light bulbs or a cheaper more portable God or a way to set the moon on fire . "
" Maybe we can rub Mercury and Venus together real fast over a big pile a sticks , " says me .
" Maybe we can lure a new sun with candy and toys and stuff it into a sack and take it home , " says Giblets
" Maybe we can paint a big yellow spot on the sky and nobody 'll know the difference , " says me .
" Maybe we do n't need the stupid ol sun at all ! " says Giblets .
" Maybe we just need to blow up the cold , too !
Giblets demands war on snow , airstrikes on glaciers , multinational economic sanctions on the stratosphere ! "
" Maybe we 'll just have to get along without a sun for a while , " says me .
" It 'll be like it was in the ol days , back before we got all hung up on fancy modern conveniences like light and plants and breathable air . "
" A return to simpler times , " says Giblets , " like in the days of our hearty dirt ancestors . "
" See , every cloud has a silver lining , " says me .
" Or it would , if we had n't blown up the clouds , " says Giblets .
" Yknow it 's always darkest before the dawn , " says me .
" Unless the sun blows up , " says Giblets .
" Cause now that the sun 's blown up it 's just always darkest before it gets more dark .
" " Well I guess so , " says me .
" But even then you got the bright side a the sun blowin up , like no more sunburns an cheaper parkin at the beach an more job opportunities for our friends in the vampire community . " " You talk crazy talk ! " says Giblets .
" Vampires will never overcome the systemic racial prejudice of the wolfman - industrial complex !
" " See that 's just the kinda negative - nancy gloom - and - doom - talk that got the sun blown up in the first place , " says me .
" Oh , the sun 's too hot .
Oh , the sun causes cancer .
Oh , let 's shoot this sun-exploding missile at the sun . " " Look , we could sit around all day pointing fingers and playing the blame game but where 's that gonna get us ? " says Giblets .
" Blamed , that 's where !
What we need to do is come up with alternative sources of sun , like real big light bulbs or a cheaper more portable God or a way to set the moon on fire . " " Maybe we can rub Mercury and Venus together real fast over a big pile a sticks , " says me .
" Maybe we can lure a new sun with candy and toys and stuff it into a sack and take it home , " says Giblets " Maybe we can paint a big yellow spot on the sky and nobody 'll know the difference , " says me .
" Maybe we do n't need the stupid ol sun at all ! " says Giblets .
" Maybe we just need to blow up the cold , too !
Giblets demands war on snow , airstrikes on glaciers , multinational economic sanctions on the stratosphere ! " " Maybe we 'll just have to get along without a sun for a while , " says me .
" It 'll be like it was in the ol days , back before we got all hung up on fancy modern conveniences like light and plants and breathable air . "
" A return to simpler times , " says Giblets , " like in the days of our hearty dirt ancestors . "
" See , every cloud has a silver lining , " says me .
" Or it would , if we had n't blown up the clouds , " says Giblets .
Labels : true adventures posted by fafnir at 1:04 PM
MOUNTAIN VIEW — Ars is on - site at the Google HQ for an Android - related press event that kicks off at 10:00 am PT ( click here to see when the event happens in your timezone ) .
Though it has n't been officially confirmed , it 's all but certain that Google will launch a Google - branded phone , named Nexus One .
We 're providing news , analysis , and pictures live and in real - time , so join us in the chat below .
A replay of the chat will be available after the event is over .
Check out our photo gallery of the Nexus One .
Google Android Press Gathering
After watching last night 's insane 4 - 3 win over Edmonton , I have a few random thoughts to share and as we gear up for our big fundraiser tomorrow .
Yesterday , The Copper & Blue wrote an article about how Sheldon Souray would be the perfect fit for the Dallas Stars come the trade deadline .
It 's a great argument , we 've even discussed this trade ourselves , and it certainly bears to reason that Souray to Dallas would be a decent move for the future of this team .
He has a big cannon of a shot from the point , he 's solid defensively and would help even out the minutes for the defensemen the Stars do have .
In talking with Derek Zona , it seems to be that what the Oilers would want in return would be some combination of Matt Niskanen , Tom Wandell and a 2nd or 3rd round draft pick .
While I would hate to give up Wandell so soon , to nab a player like Souray would be worth it .
The big issue at hand , of course , are the financial terms .
Souray is signed through 2011 - 12 at $ 5.4 million per season .
While the hopes are that the Stars will be able to open up the pocket books a bit this summer , whether the team can afford to take on that contract at this point .
Granted , there will be just $ 1.1 million remaining after the trade deadline it's unknown whether the Stars have the type of flexibility in their internal payroll to take on this contract without giving up major pieces first .
Of course , the pockets will have to open up this summer with so many RFA 's and UFA 's needing to either be re-signed or let go .
The Stars are in desperate need of one more big defensemen and a goaltender ; the supposed departure of Marty Turco will help free up finances as well .
If the Stars do indeed make some big trades at the deadline , including one that sends Turco elsewhere , the likelihood of a trade for a player of Souray 's caliber increases .
The question for everyone here : is Sheldon Souray a player you feel the Stars should target ?
More quick notes on the game after the jump :
Manchester United 's owners , who loaded the club with more than £ 700 m in borrowings to fund their purchase , have taken £ 10 m out of the club in " management and administration fees " and have personally borrowed a further £ 10 m in the past year , it has emerged .
The club 's financial results , released yesterday , revealed that six members of the Glazer family on the Red Football board had borrowed a total of £ 10 m , which does not have to be repaid for five years .
Manchester United also released an offer document yesterday for the £ 500 m bond it says will be used to re-finance the £ 509 m debt secured on the club .
The offer document reveals that on 30 June last year the club entered into a £ 2.9 m - per - year agreement with SLP Partners , a company related to the Glazers .
Since 1 July 2006 a further total of £ 10 m has been paid in " management and administration fees " .
" During the period from 1 July 2006 to the date of this offering memorandum , management and administration fees of approximately £ 0.6 m , £ 1.8 m , £ 1.4 m , £ 3.1 m and £ 3.1 m were paid to our affiliates , " it said .
Under the terms of the bond issue it promises to terminate the agreement with SLP Partners but reserves the right to pay up to £ 6 m per year to " one or more entities related to our ultimate shareholders for administration and management services " .
The 322 - page offer document for those bonds , circulated in the City yesterday , also makes provision for £ 70 m to be redistributed to the ultimate parent company for " general corporate purposes , including repaying existing indebtedness " .
This is thought to refer to the high - interest hedge fund loans secured against the Glazers ' own shareholding in Manchester United .
Those Payment
In Kind loans , which accrue interest at a rate of 14.25 % a year and " roll up " on an annual basis , are now believed to be worth almost £ 200 m , as compared with £ 175 m the previous year .
The document also reveals that the club has received a large slice , £ 35.9 m , of its new £ 80 m sponsorship deal with AON .
It also reveals plans for a new £ 75 m " revolving credit line " .
City insiders expect the refinancing , put on hold when the markets collapsed in 2008 , to succeed .
The bond 's yield , which could be around 9 % , will be set only after an international roadshow .
The offer document also reveals that Red Football recently lost £ 35 m when attempting to hedge against a rise in interest rates last year .
In its financial results the club revealed that it was only the £ 80 m sale of Ronaldo and other transfer dealings that lifted Manchester United out of the red last season .
Results for the Red Football Ltd subsidiary revealed a pre-tax profit of £ 48.2 m but also indicated the overall amount owed by the club and its owners broke the £ 700 m barrier for the first time since Malcolm Glazer acquired the club in 2005 .
Despite increased revenues , interest payments and write downs meant that , without the £ 80.7 m realised in transfer profits in the year to June 2009 , the club would have made a loss of £ 32.5 m .
According to yesterday 's results , bank loans secured on the club now stand at £ 509.5 m , compared with £ 518.7 m the previous year .
Interest payments on that debt totalled £ 41.9 m .
Representatives of the Glazers have repeatedly pointed to the cash flow generated by the club , once the interest on the loans had been serviced and before write - offs , as proof that money is available to Sir Alex Ferguson for team strengthening purposes .
The Glazers have been keen to emphasise that the PIK loans , advanced by hedge funds at a high rate of interest when the family last restructured the debt in 2006 , are not secured on the club but on their shareholding in it .
If they were to default , the hedge funds would not have any say over the operational side of the business .
The £ 500 m bond issue , if fully subscribed , is unlikely to reduce the club 's interest burden in the short term .
It will be used to repay four secured loans , with interest rates of between 2.125 % and 5 % above the Libor rate at which banks lend to one another .
Those rates were swapped for a fixed rate of 5.08 % last year .
According to the offer document , those hedging arrangements had cost Red ­Football around £ 35 m to 6 January this year .
It has promised to use some of the proceeds of the bond issue to reduce the liability by £ 8 m .
City sources said that the seven - year bond would give the Glazers greater certainty and no longer leave them at the mercy of the market .
The release of yesterday 's figures will have partly been designed to prove to potential investors the health of Manchester United 's cashflow position despite its heavy debt burden .
The club 's results showed an increase in turnover for the year to June 2009 to £ 278.6 m from £ 256.2 m as matchday revenues , media income and commercial revenues all continued to rise .
Matchday revenue increased from £ 101.5 m to £ 108.8 m , largely thanks to increased season - ticket prices , while media revenues rose from £ 90.7 m to £ 99.7 m and commercial income rose from £ 64 m to £ 70 m .
The club will also point to a wages to turnover ratio of 44 % , which compares favourably with most other Premier League clubs .
Supercharge Your Selenium Testing by Running Your Tests In Parallel
You probably already know the advantages of automated Selenium testing over manual testing - huge time savings , fewer bugs , and you do n't have to write separate test scripts for each testing environment .
Even with these advantages , Selenium testing can still be time - consuming and maintaining your own in - house infrastructure can be expensive .
At Sauce Labs you can run your Selenium tests in parallel to drastically reduce your testing time , and since we maintain our own up - to - date infrastructure you do n't have to .
Sauce Labs runs over 1 million tests every day in the cloud so you know we have the capacity to handle your tests as well .
We maintain our testing grid with the most recent OS and browser versions , over 700 different combos , to ensure that your app will work in any environment and for every user .
Sauce Labs also supports
Selenium testing integration into your CI / CD workflow to further reduce testing time and hassle
Why choose Sauce Labs for your Selenium testing ?
Speed - running your tests in parallel and reduce your testing time up to 10 x
Coverage - hundreds of browser / OS combos ensures that your app works for every user
Security - our secure firewall tunneling and clean VMs ensure that your data is never compromised
Convenience - write your code in any language and easily test with Selenium
Get our DZone Refcard - Getting started with Selenium and start your Selenium testing today !
This package builds the Curry to Haskell compiler " kics " .
This package also includes many Curry libraries .
Have a look at the list of modules " Curry .
Module . * "
A three - year study of the nation 's drinking water quality has found more than 200 unregulated chemicals in the tap water of 45 states .
The Environmental Working Group analysis of 20 million tap water quality tests found a total of 316 contaminants -- including industrial solvents , weed killers , refrigerants and the rocket fuel component perchlorate -- in water supplied to the public between 2004 and 2009 .
U.S. EPA regulates 114 of those pollutants , setting maximum legal levels that water utilities achieved 92 percent of the time , according to the study .
EWG frets that the remaining chemicals , which have no mandatory federal safety standards , can come in potentially toxic combinations for long - term consumption .
" Utilities do the best job that they can treating a big problem with limited resources , but we must do better , " said Jane Houlihan , the group 's senior vice president for research .
" It is not uncommon for people to drink tap water laced with 20 or 30 chemical contaminants .
This water may be legal , but it raises serious health concerns . "
The pollutants derive from a wealth of sources , including agriculture , factory discharges , consumer products , urban runoff and wastewater treatment plants .
The annual water quality reports that utilities are required to send customers provide a partial picture , the study says , as they contain no information on unregulated chemicals .
They also provide average levels of most contaminants , which do not reveal if there were short periods when chemicals spiked past legal limits .
EPA in September said it was considering regulating 104 additional chemicals in tap water , including pesticides , commercial chemicals , disinfection byproducts , and for the first time , pharmaceuticals .
The list was the longest ever compiled by the agency under a 1996 law requiring it to evaluate possible tap - water pollutants every five years and make regulatory determinations for at least five of them .
EPA said it will continue to research the contaminants and will determine by 2013 whether to propose drinking water regulations for some of them .
The EWG study says the nation should adopt new policies for drinking water that include regulating more contaminants and spending more money on measures that prevent pollution .
While water utilities across the country spend more than $ 50 billion a year to treat drinking water , the nation spends $ 207 million a year to protect source waters and prevent pollution from sources such as urban runoff , the study says .
The report recommends investing more money in conserving land in buffer zones around public water supplies .
It also suggests that EPA " greatly expand " requirements for testing water for unregulated contaminants and that Congress provide more money to get the testing done .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Joining of the senses ( Image : stock.xchng )
Gallery : A window into the synaesthetic mind
THE word “ synaesthesia ” derives from the phrase “ joining of the senses ” , but the phenomenon might not be the uncontrollable perceptual mishmash that this implies .
Instead , the condition may be the result of a special ability in the “ higher ” brain areas used for language and attention .
Earlier experiments found that people with colour - grapheme synaesthesia , who link numbers and letters with certain colours , are incredibly speedy at a certain task .
That is identifying hidden shapes formed out of one number or letter that are embedded in a sea of …
Victoria 's Chief Police Commissioner , Simon Overland , has revealed police have known for more than two years that crime against Indians was a real issue and some attacks were racially motivated .
The comments come in the wake of the stabbing death of Indian graduate Nitin Gharg in Melbourne 's west , and the latest incident in which an Indian taxi driver was assaulted by a passenger at Reservoir last weekend .
Commissioner Overland says a comprehensive police study of the violence shows about 50 per cent of attacks have been carried out on Indians working in the taxi industry and convenience stores , and that Indians were over - represented when it came to robberies , but not assaults .
" We recognised this problem a long time before it hit the public , " he said .
" We 've known for over two years that there 's been this issue ; we 've been working away at it .
" I have said from day one undoubtedly some of these attacks have a racist motive or there 's racist elements to the attacks , there is no question of that - but not all of them . "
Commissioner Overland says police have been tackling the problem .
" We 've been working at a number of levels : engaging with students trying to help them understand the risks and how they keep themselves safe ; working with education providers ; working with the rest of the community ; we 've had stronger enforcement , " he said .
He said stronger enforcement had lead to a 7 per cent fall in robberies , with some offenders going before the courts .
Meanwhile the Indian government has condemned the latest attack on an Indian in Melbourne .
A man has been charged with intentionally causing injury after the attack on an Indian taxi driver at Reservoir , in Melbourne 's east last weekend .
The 30 - year - old Reservoir man has been released on bail to face court in March .
India 's external affairs minister , SM Krishna , says the latest attack is unfortunate and will affect bilateral ties with Australia .
The Indian government has asked its High Commission in Canberra to provide a detailed report on the attack , during which the driver was punched in the head .
Indian ministers have made repeated requests to their Australian counterparts to take action to stop violence against Indians in Australia .
The series of attacks has generated public anger and widespread media coverage in India , where Australian officials have been accused of failing to deal with the problem .
by
Follow the most influential Android Geeks , Experts , and Groups on Twitter , Facebook and Google - Groups
Android is Google ’s proprietary mobile phone operating system .
It ’s seen less media saturation than the iPhone , but its reach is growing , and it already has a passionate following online .
There are literally hundreds of Facebook pages , Twitter accounts , and Google groups dedicated to discussing news , applications , features , marketing , and everything else related to Android .
If you ’re at all interested in pursuing this underdog of an operating system , be sure to follow some of the more popular .
Information on the Internet is all the same , anyway – it all gets around .
Popularity on the Internet is based on each individual ’s take on and dedication to the information .
Social - media - image credits to SearchEngineWatch
Here are some unique , popular sites for spreading information on all things Android .
Twitter Accounts
@cyanogen – Home to Steve Kondik , passionate about coding programs for Android , passionate about his beer .
If you ’re interested in heavily technical information with a dash of wit , this is your portal .
@ The AndroidSite – Dedicated strictly to all news and reviews of Android products , here ’s the place you want to go to keep up with the latest out of Google ’s labs .
Typically these are links or reposts of news from a variety of sources , though there are occasionally some one - line reviews like “ AWESOME ! ”
It ’s nice to have all Android news and reviews consolidated into one feed .
@androidandme – Mainly news stories – all the important news – interspersed with this particular user ’s personal descriptions of his own Android use .
Very sparse , elegant , easy to read feed , without a lot of clutter .
@androidunleashd –
As the most popular user in the “ Android Developer ” list , this twitterer has his own website , works in the IT field , and is looking for a job .
In his spare time , he plays with his Android phone and finds all sorts of unique and interesting features that people might not otherwise catch .
If you ’re interested in getting the most out of your new Android phone , here ’s the feed to pay attention to .
@whatsupandroid – Self - described “ Android PR Gal ” fills her twitterspace with interviews of people in the Android scene , links to Android paraphrenalia , stories of important Android gatherings , and news stories relevant to new launches of Android phones .
Always peppy , fun , and passionate about Google ’s Android , she is sure to be a nice addition to your twitterfeed .
If these are n’t enough , be sure to check out Wefollow Twitter Android directory and Android - developer directory for more great Android tweeps to follow .
Facebook Groups
The most popular Android group on Facebook , simply titled Android , this group boasts over 13,000 members , all waiting for the next bit of news on Android to come out .
The group ’s stated mission is to provide space for private developers to share ideas , and it is still that .
It is also a hotbed for excited discussion about news stories , comparisons ( “ Why is Android better than iPhone ? ” ) and personal sharing about features .
If you ’re on Facebook and want a board to check for interesting discussion every day , the Android group is great .
Conversely , you do n’t have to join a group just to profess your love for Android .
You can also become a fan here .
Not much going on with this page , but if you want to show your love for Android to all your people on Facebook , by all means go for it .
This fan page , “ Android Social Media ” is far more useful , with unique news stories you ’re not likely to find anywhere else posted at least weekly .
With only 150 fans thus far , this page is an undiscovered gem !
Likewise , there are probably upwards of a hundred Android fan pages and groups on Google .
Here ’s a list to get you started .
Google Groups
Android - developers –
If you ’d like to have an interactive , businesslike discussion experience with other Android developers , you could n’t go wrong with this group .
Discussions range from relevant , technical news stories to specific issues that developers need each other ’s help with .
There are pages - in - process that can be viewed and commented on , allowing everyday visitors to partake in the group ’s creation .
Community – Similar to the above Google group , this one includes a blog , lots of reference links , a download site for the Android SDK , and a developer ’s guide .
It includes a list of not one , but seven distinct Google groups , for beginners to advanced users to casual discussion to security issues .
Well - written and well put - together , this group is among the best of the bunch .
So !
Lots of social media sites out there , all abuzz over Google ’s new operating system , Android .
If you ’d like to join in the fun , just visit any of the links above , and tap into all the information .
From what I hear , Android is going to be getting more and more press in the coming months , which is sure to set these social networking sites aflutter .
If you ’re interested , there ’s no reason not to join them now .
There are many ways of getting yourself banned from exclusive country clubs .
Being poor or a minority are probably the most common , but letting them film a golf - themed porno there is probably the most exciting .
Advertisement
Raul Quintana owned a number of condos on exclusive Fisher Island , just off of Miami Beach .
One day last year , he rented out one of the units to a " representative from a modeling agency " that wanted to hold a " photo shoot . "
You can imagine where this went .
Yes , the " photo shoot " turned out to be the filming of " A Sexy Golfing Experience , " on the high - class site " Ass Parade . "
We 'll let the Miami New Times pick it up from here .
The film is no innovation in cinema .
In it , Tony , a ratty - looking dude with a thin beard and designer shades , commandeers a golf cart - clearly displaying Quintana 's apartment number - to rendezvous with Devon on a Fisher Island golf green .
After the dirty - blond porn starlet does some butt - focused putting , the lovers drive to Quintana 's condo on a golf cart with a pudgy , bearded dolly grip riding on the rear .
Once in the apartment , they head to the balcony , where , in broad daylight and full view of any neighbor who might glance out a window , Tony applies baby oil to Devon 's buttocks for five minutes .
They then go inside and run through the usual battery of positions , with only a thin white towel separating their carnal intermingling from Quintana 's brown suede couch and matching chaise lounge .
Other scenes involve possible staining of one of the homeowner 's throw pillows and his carpet .
The 40 - minute film is viewable for a buck at Bangbros.com , where online connoisseurs gave it a rating of 8.1 out of a possible 10 .
Advertisement
Word got around , as it usually does with these things .
Quintana lost guest privileges for his condos , was relegated to an inferior boarding position on the island 's ferry , and eventually was banned from the Fisher Island Club altogether .
( These are very bad things in the world of the rich . )
Quintana is suing Bangbros.com , saying they " really banged my life . "
( That 's an actual quote . )
But , you know , there seems to be an uptick in the market for golf - themed pornos these days .
So maybe it 's not all bad .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Golf Porn On Ritzy Fisher Island [ Miami New Times ]
Chinese authorities have executed a securities trader found guilty of embezzlement to the tune of $ 9.52 m .
However , the whereabouts of the siphoned - off cash is still unknown , Reuters reports - and presumably it will never now be recovered .
Yang Yanming received the death sentence back in 2005 for embezzlement while he was general manager of trading at China Great Wall Trust and Investment Corp , which later became Galaxy Securities .
" Preserve your moral integrity and do n't set too much store by business results , " Yang told a newspaper just before his execution .
China takes a very harsh line on criminality , although this is the first execution carried out on an erstwhile member of the financial classes .
China carries out more executions every year than any other country , with either the gun or lethal injection used .
While murder , drug trafficking and the like attract the penalty , the state will also happily execute other classes of criminals , with both corrupt officials and businessmen liable to pay the ultimate price if convicted .
Executives involved in the notorious tainted baby milk scandal were handed death sentences earlier this year . ®
Super Bowl Sunday is a little more a week away , and the most exciting matchup so far is on the advertising field .
CBS , which used to observe a proscription against “ issue ” advertising during the big game , recently dropped its objection , to accept an ad from pro-life evangelical group Focus on the Family , featuring star quarterback Tim Tebow .
Now it ’s reportedly in the midst of considering a spot from a gay dating service , Mancrunch — which is simultaneously perhaps the gayest and most football - appropriate name I have ever heard .
[ Update : CBS just confirmed that it ’s rejecting the Mancrunch ad , which showed two male football fans kissing , though it says it ’s “ open to working with the client on alternative submissions . ”
Yeah — like heterosexual ones . ]
I say let them both air .
The idea of a TV network acting as the gatekeeper for appropriate and inappropriate idea has always been ridiculous .
But if you ’re going to allow controversial themes into the game , then let everyone ’s in .
Objectionable , after all , is in the eye of the beholder .
It seems ridiculous to start saying that espousing religion or love between two men is objectionable in an ad environment of alcohol - pushing animals , slapstick violence and Danica Patrick ’s cleavage .
The best and worst thing about capitalist advertising is that it is by nature amoral .
If you ’ve got the money and the market , you ’re in .
The alternative , though , is for a giant media corporation to decide whether one lifestyle is more moral , unobjectionable or “ normal ” than another .
Yes , families watch the Super Bowl together .
I have kids , and there is nothing that repulses me more than people using their kids to justify imposing their personal agendas on the rest of society .
Maybe you do n’t want to have to answer your kids ’ questions about abortion or homosexuality during the Super Bowl .
Fair enough .
Maybe I do n’t want my kids being pitched high - calorie sodas that are helping turn us into the amoebic blobs from the last half of Wall*e .
My family has its own moral values , which may or may not be different from yours , and I neither need nor want Les Moonves to enforce them for me .
From time to time , we all have to encounter things on TV or in ads that go against those values , and we have to deal with it , because encountering ideas that differ from yours is what happens in life .
Sometimes I have to explain to my kids things I ’d rather not talk about .
Like orthodontia bills and 3 a.m. bad - dream wakeups , it ’s one of the things I signed up for .
Alternatively , CBS could implement a consistent policy of rejecting any potentially objectionable ads .
Ones about religion .
Or homosexuality .
Or violence , or sex , or alcohol , or junk food .
Which would leave… ?
Well , maybe they could convince Pixar to buy 70 ad slots for Toy Story 3 .
Letters :
It all starts with population
Posted Thursday , January 14 , 2010 8:59 pm
Warming is n’t the first problem
Once again a Climate Change Conference has failed to reach a science based , enforceable and timely agreement .
However , the talks were going to fail to produce actual results anyway because one of the most important factors creating climate change was not discussed and that is population growth .
The world population is due to grow from its present to 6.8 billion to 9.5 billion by 2050 , while during the same period the United States , will grow from 308 million to 400 million .
As a result much more carbon dioxide and methane are going to be produced .
As George Monbiot , writing for the Guardian said , " Even if we manage to prevent climate breakdown , growth means that it ’s only a matter of time before we hit a new constraint , which demands a new global response : oil , water , phosphate , soil .
We will lurch from crisis to existential crisis unless we address the underlying cause : Perpetual growth cannot be accommodated on a finite planet . "
The answer to dealing with climate change , and all of our environmental problems , is that we need to change the system and not just institute a few regulations such as cap and trade .
Nation by nation , and state by state , we need to move from a growth oriented economy that is dependent on ever increasing population and consumption to a steady state economy where the emphasis is on meeting human needs through quality and not quantity , making the polluters pay , and using all of our resources in a sustainable manner .
To learn more visit the Web site of the Center for the Advancement of a Steady State Economy www.steadystate.org
Article Continues After Advertisement
Vermonters for Sustainable Population has endorsed a steady state economy through a detailed position statement which can be found on its Web site at www.vspop.org.
Other organizations and individuals can begin to start this economic change by also endorsing and supporting this movement .
Article Continues After These Ads
GEORGE PLUMB
Washington ATV misconceptions , Part 2
In Jan. 2 letter , " ATVs Are Misunderstood , " Tom King states that he knows of no misconceptions regarding ATVs .
Article Continues After Advertisement
His letter in itself reveals misconceptions regarding ATVs .
Let ’s take a closer look at his statements : 1 . Damage to trail beds : ATV tires typically run anywhere from 3 to 5 pounds per square inch air pressure ; the resulting footprint has a minimal impact on dry trail beds .
2 . Water and mud impact on trails : During mud season or extreme wet conditions , a voluntary moratorium is adhered to by Vermont All - Terrain Vehicle Sportsman ’s Association members to eliminate impact on the trail beds .
3 . Oil , gas , grease spills :
The majority of ATVs legally on trails nowadays are rather new ( keep in mind ATVs really became popular in the latter part of the past decade ) ; oil and gas leakages are a thing of the past ( a leaking ATV on the trails also leaks on your own property when parked ) .
4 . Fumes from exhaust :
The majority of ATVs today are four strokes versus two strokes ( EPA mandates ) ; oil / gas fumes are no more .
5 . Noise , 82 decibel rule :
The biggest misconception in Mr. King ’s letter is that ATVs want to take over hiking trails in Vermont .
All that is being asked is to allow access to state lands to interconnect an already legal ATV trail system , very much the same as is already the case for snowmobiles .
Mr. King , contact VASA ; contact the Bennington Trail Conservancy , and find out what we ATV ’ers are really about .
Destroying the woodlands makes no sense for anyone of us .
Let ’s get rid of all misconceptions .
ATVs and all woodlands users can co-exist !
CHRIS YASI
Bennington Trail Conservancy
Pownal
« Why I do n't ( usually ) use Windows | Main | Teaser »
Gadget Patrol : 21st century phone
( This is n't a product review , it 's a big - picture overview brought to you from the universe of " Halting State " . )
It should n't be news to anyone that smartphones — as a category — really took off in the second half of the noughties .
Before 2005 , few people bothered with PDAs , and fewer still with phones that had keyboards and could browse the web or send email .
Current projections , however , show 25 % of all phones sold in 2010 being smartphones — and today 's smartphone is a somewhat more powerful computer than 2002 's laptop .
At the same time , the winners in 2005 's smartphone market ( Palm , Windows Mobile , Symbian Series 60 , 80 , and UIQ ) are losing ground rapidly ( PalmOS is already dead , modulo the Hail Mary pass that is WebOS on the Pré ) while strange new mutants slouch towards market dominance — Android , Mac OS X , and maybe Maemo .
What 's happening ?
Here 's my hypothesis ...
Pre-2005 , digital mobile phones typically ran on GSM , with GPRS data limited to 56 kbssec , or Verizon 's CDMA .
This badly choked their ability to do anything useful and internet - worthy .
By 2005 , the first 3G networks based on WCDMA ( aka UMTS ) began to open up .
By 2009 , 3G HSDPA networks can carry up to 7.2 mbps .
The modem - grade data throughput of the mid-noughties smartphone experience has been replaced by late - noughties broadband grade thorughput , at least in the densely networked cities where most of us live .
( I am not including the rural boondocks in this analysis .
Different rules apply . )
To the mobile phone companies , 3G presented a headache .
They typically offered each government billions for the right to run services over the frequencies freed up by the demise of old analog mobile phone services and early TV and other broadcast systems ; how were they to monetise this investment ?
They could n't do it by charging extra for the handsets or access , because they 'd trained their customers to think of mobile telephony as , well , telephony .
But you can do voice or SMS perfectly well over a GSM / GPRS network .
What can you do over 3G that justifies the extra cost ?
Version 1 of their attempt to monetise 3G consisted of walled gardens of carefully cultivated multimedia content — downloadable movies and music , MMS photo - messaging , and so on .
The cellcos set themselves up as gatekeepers ; for a modest monthly fee , the customers could be admitted to their garden of multimedia delights .
But Version 1 is in competition with the internet , and the roll - out of 3G services coincided ( and competed ) with the roll - out of wifi hotspots , both free and for - money .
It turns out that what consumers want of a 3G connection is not what a mobile company sees fit to sell them , but one thing : bandwidth .
Call it Version 2 .
Becoming a pure bandwidth provider is every cellco 's nightmare : it levels the playing field and puts them in direct competition with their peers , a competition that can only be won by throwing huge amounts of capital infrastructure at their backbone network .
So for the past five years or more , they 've been doing their best not to get dragged into a game of beggar - my - neighbour , by expedients such as exclusive handset deals ( ever wondered why AT&T in America or O2 in the UK allowed Apple to tie their hands and retain control over the iPhone 's look and feel ? ) and lengthening contractual lock - in periods for customers ( why are 18 - month contracts cheaper than 12 - month contracts ? ) .
And the situation with international data roaming is dismal .
It does n't hit Americans so much , but here in the UK , if I travel over an hour by air , the odds are good that I 'll be paying £ 6 per megabyte for bandwidth .
It 's as if my iPhone 's IQ drops by 80 points whenever I leave home .
Enter : Apple and Google .
Apple are an experience company .
They 're a high - end marque ; if they were in the automobile business , they'd be BMW , Mercedes , and Porsche rolled into one .
They own about 12 % of the PC market in the USA ... but 91 % of the high end of the PC market ( laptops over $ 999 , desktops over $ 699 ) .
How they got into the mobile phone market is an odd and convoluted story , but it 's best to view it as a vertical upwardly - mobile extension of the MP3 player market ( from their point of view ) , which has taken on a lucrative life of its own .
Apple 's unique angle is the user experience .
Without OS X to differentiate them from the rest of the market , their computers would just be overpriced PCs .
So it should be no surprise that Apple 's runaway hit iPhone business team have a single overriding goal : maintain control of the platform and keep it different ( and aspirational ) .
Apple do n't want to destroy the telcos ; they just want to use them as a conduit to sell their user experience .
Google , however , are another matter .
Google is an advertising corporation .
Their whole business model is predicated on breaking down barriers to access — barriers which stop the public from accessing rich internet content plastered with Google 's ads .
Google want the mobile communications industry to switch to Version 2 , pure bandwidth competition .
In fact , they'd be happiest if the mobile networks would go away , get out of the users ' faces and hand out free data terminals with unlimited free bandwidth .
More bandwidth , more web browsing , more adverts served , more revenue for Google .
Simple !
This is where the Nexus One announced last week may be significant .
If the rumours are true — that they 're pushing it at a low or subsidized price , and have strong - armed T - Mobile ( the weakest of the US cellcos ) into providing a cheap data - only mobile tariff for it , and more significantly access to VoIP and cheap international data roaming — then they 've got a Trojan horse into the mobile telephony industry .
I think Google are pursuing a grand strategic vision of destroying the cellco 's entire business model — of positioning themselves as value - added gatekeepers providing metered access to content — and their second - string model of locking users in by selling them premium handsets ( such as the iPhone ) on a rolling contract .
They intend to turn 3G data service ( and subsequently , LTE ) into a commodity , like wifi hotspot service only more widespread and cheaper to get at .
They want to get consumers to buy unlocked SIM - free handsets and pick cheap data SIMs .
They 'd love to move everyone to cheap data SIMs rather than the hideously convoluted legacy voice stacks maintained by the telcos ; then they could piggyback Google Voice on it , and ultimately do the Google thing to all your voice messages as well as your email and web access .
( This is , needless to say , going to bring them into conflict with Apple .
Hitherto , Apple 's iPhone has been good for Google : iPhone users do far more web surfing — and Google ad - eyeballing — than regular phone users .
But Apple want to maintain the high quality Apple - centric user experience and sell stuff to their users through the walled garden of the App Store and the iTunes music / video store .
Apple are an implicit threat to Google because Google can't slap their ads all over those media .
So it 's going to end in handbags at dawn ... eventually . )
The real message here is that if Google succeeds , the economic basis of your mobile telephony service in 2019 is going to be unrecognizably different from that of 2009 .
Some of the biggest names in phone service ( T - mobile ?
Orange ?
Vodafone ?
AT&T? Verizon ? ) are going to go the way of Pan Am and Ma Bell by then ; the ones left standing will be the ones with the best infrastructure ( hint : that does n't look like AT&T right now — by some analyses , AT&T mis-understand TCP / IP so badly that their network trouble is self - inflicted ) and best interoperability ( goodbye Verizon ) , selling bits at the lowest price to punters who buy their cheap - to - disposable ( phones are part of the perpetually deflating consumer elecronics sector ; today 's $ 350 BoM should be down to under $ 100 by 2019 , for something a good deal more powerful ) unlocked in WalMart and take ditchwater - cheap international roaming service for granted .
Probably around the time VoIP takes over from the current model , we 'll see something not unlike DNS emerge for mapping OpenID or other internet identities onto the phone number address space .
( God , I hate phone numbers .
Running a phone service that forces everyone to use seven to twelve digit numbers is like running an internet that forces everyone to use raw IP addresses . )
Then the process will be complete , and things will have come full - circle , and the internet will have eaten the phone system .
What 's good for the internet is good for Google .
Right now , the phone companies are not good for the internet .
If I 'm right about the grand strategy , the Googlephone will change that .
| Permalink
The Delaware pediatrician who prosecutors say may have molested more than 100 patients showed a pattern of inappropriate touching that led to multiple complaints from patients and co-workers , according to court documents released this week .
But the police were unable to get enough evidence to charge him , the documents indicate .
Starting in 2005 , police investigators received complaints about the pediatrician , Dr. Earl B. Bradley , of Lewes , Del. , from eight patients accusing him of abuse as far back as 1999 .
At least one complaint was sent to a state medical group , but no action was taken to suspend Dr. Bradley ’s license and he was not charged , according to the documents .
Dr. Bradley , 56 , was charged in December with 32 criminal counts relating to the rapes of at least seven girls , ages 3 months to 13 years .
At the time , the authorities said they had received multiple complaints about the doctor roughly a year ago .
But the new documents , which include the accounts of three doctors and a nurse , indicate that concerns were raised far earlier .
There is a long and sordid tradition of trying to socialise children by scaring them .
The aim of such socialisation - through - fear is twofold : firstly , to get children to conform to the scaremongers ’ values ; secondly , to use children to influence , or at least to contain , their parents ’ behaviour .
When I was a schoolchild in Stalinist Hungary , we were frequently warned about the numerous threats facing our glorious regime .
I also recall that we were encouraged to lecture our errant parents about the new wonderful values being promoted by our brave , wise leaders .
The Big Brothers of the 1940s saw children as tools of moral blackmail and social control .
Today , in the twenty - first century , scaremongers see children in much the same way , exploiting their natural concern with the wonders of life to promote a message of shrill climate alarmism .
If you want to know how it works , watch the official opening video of the Copenhagen summit on climate change ( see below ) .
Titled ‘ Please Help The World ’ , the four - minute film opens with happy children laughing and playing on swings .
A sudden outburst of rain forces them all to rush for cover .
The message is clear : the climate threatens our way of life .
It then cuts to a young girl who is anxiously watching one TV news broadcaster after another reporting on impending environmental catastrophes .
Then we see the young girl tucked into bed , sweetly asleep as she embraces her toy polar bear … but suddenly we ’re drawn into her nightmare .
She ’s on a parched and eerie landscape ; she looks frightened and desolate ; suddenly the dry earth cracks and she runs in terror towards the shelter of a distant solitary tree .
She drops her toy polar bear in a newly formed chasm and yells and screams as she holds on to the tree for dear life .
The video ends with groups of children pleading with us : ‘ Please help the world . ’
You get the picture .
Although this video is a product of the gathering at Copenhagen , it is typical of the kind of propaganda that is constantly directed at children these days .
In a world where moral education seems to be exhausted , where teachers are reluctant to judge or to explain the difference between right and wrong , environmentalism has become one of the few values that educators feel comfortable with .
Which is why environmentalism and its values now saturate the school curriculum in Britain and some other countries , too .
In medieval times , religion was central to the teaching of virtually every subject .
Students were left in no doubt where the church stood on the smallest details of every topic they were learning about .
Today , environmental concerns have been integrated into the curriculum , to the point where they often dominate subjects like geography , science and Personal Health and Social Education and intrude into history and literature , too .
The growing significance of environmental issues in the school curriculum is directly proportionate to society ’s broader moral illiteracy and loss of purpose .
Today , even religious studies often appears as a sub - branch of the dogma of environmental alarmism .
Socialisation - in- reverse
By transmitting their values to children , the scaremongers hope to channel children ’s indignation into hostility towards older generations that are apparently destroying the planet .
In the Copenhagen video we hear a child talking about her ‘ anger ’ .
When she says ‘ I am only a child ’ , the implication is clear : adults have let children down .
Others go a step further and blame older generations for destroying the environment to such an extent that the survival of future generations is put in jeopardy .
The message is that adults are greedy or stupid , or both .
This downbeat assessment of adults ’ behaviour has mutated into outright hostility towards the moral status of the older generations and their so - called ‘ wisdom ’ .
‘ Adults have ruined our world ’ , says the headline to an article in an online magazine targeting children .
It warns that ‘ adults are ruining the world we are growing up in ’ and asks ‘ how is climate change going to affect us as the next generation ? ’ ( 1 )
A similar message is communicated by one of Britain ’s leading green crusaders , who recently informed children that ‘ your parents and grandparents have made a mess of looking after the Earth ’ , adding : ‘ They may deny it , but they are stealing your future . ’
( 2 ) Instead of serving as role models , adults are often castigated for setting a bad example to children .
Is it any surprise that one headteacher who was charged with carrying out a review of behaviour in English schools in 2008 pointed the finger of blame for bad behaviour at adults who had ‘ set a bad example to young people ’ ?
He observed that we ‘ live in a greedy culture ’ in which ‘ we are rude to each other ’ , and ‘ children follow that ’ ( 3 ) .
And if adults really do set such a negative example , how can they be entrusted with the task of preparing their children for the world they live in ?
The flipside of the devaluation of adult authority is the sacralisation of the status of the child .
Increasingly , children are assigned the role of educators , charged with enlightening their misguided , greedy , stupid elders .
This has led to a process of socialisation - in - reverse .
The project of using ‘ pester power ’ to socialise adults is most systematically pursued in the realm of environmentalism .
Many environmental educators self - consciously advocate pester power as a useful way of changing the behaviour of adults .
David Uzell , a professor of environmental psychology at the University of Surrey in England , recalls attending an educational conference a few years ago where ‘ everyone was absolutely convinced ’ that pester power was ‘ the answer ’ to the problem of climate change ( 4 ) .
Uzell ’s own research has focused on what he calls ‘ intergenerational learning through the transference of personal experience typically from the child to the parent / other adults / home ’ ( 5 ) .
This casual reference to the transference of experience from child to parent illustrates the normalisation of socialisation - in - reverse .
In the US , environmental education in schools has , for more than a decade , been systematically providing children with authority over certain adults .
The New York Times reports that ‘ eco-kids ’ devoted to green values ‘ try to hold their parents accountable at home ’ , and notes that adults become defensive under the ‘ watchful eye of the pint - sized eco-police ’ ( 6 ) .
School districts across the US have sought to capitalise on the idealism of ‘ eco- kids ’ by integrating environmental values into almost every school subject .
Politicians and governments have embraced environmental education as a potentially effective instrument for influencing and managing the behaviour of the public .
One UK Labour MP , Malcolm Wicks , argues that environmental values ‘ can act as vivid teaching aids in science lessons , civics lessons , geography lessons ’ , and in absorbing these lessons ‘ children will then begin to educate the parents ’ .
‘ In this way ’ , he says , ‘ we can start to shift behaviour ’ ( 7 ) .
A similar aspiration was expressed by UK Cabinet minister David Miliband , who argued that ‘ children are the key to changing society ’s long - term attitudes to the environment ’ .
Miliband says that children are ‘ not only passionate about saving the planet ’ ; they ‘ also have a big influence over their families ’ lifestyles and behaviour ’ ( 8 ) .
Former UK education secretary Alan Johnson wrote that ‘ children have a dual role as consumers and influences ’ and therefore ‘ educating them about the impact of getting an extra pair of trainers for fashion ’s sake is as important as the pressure they put on their parents not to buy a gas - guzzling car ’ ( 9 ) .
A recent report , The Role of Schools in Shaping Energy - Related Consumer Behaviour , outlined a framework for promoting educational initiatives that might impact on parental behaviour ( 10 ) .
Andrew Sutter , who runs one such initiative – the Eco-Schools scheme involving 5,500 schools – believes that it provides an opportunity for children ‘ to be the teachers and tell their parents what to do for a change ’ ( 11 ) .
This point is underlined in a UK government report on energy , which states that the ‘ installation of renewable technologies in schools can bring the curriculum to life in ways that textbooks cannot ’ .
Moreover , the report observes , ‘ with schools often being the focal point of communities , the installation of renewables could help to shape attitudes in the wider community ’ ( 12 ) .
Not infrequently , the mobilisation of pester power to alter the behaviour of adults takes on the character of a frenetic crusade .
The book How To Turn Your Parents Green by James Russell incites children to ‘ nag , pester , bug , torment and punish people who are merrily wrecking our world ’ .
Russell calls on children to ‘ channel their pester power and issue fines against their parents and other transgressors ’ ( 13 ) .
In previous times , it was only totalitarian societies that mobilised children to police their parents ’ behaviour .
It was Orwellian , Big Brother - style states that tried to harness youngsters ’ simplistic views of good and evil to reshape the outlook of adults .
But who needs Big Brother when the former prime minister of Britain , Tony Blair , can openly assert that ‘ on climate change , it is parents who should listen to their children ’ ( 14 ) ?
It appears that preying on children ’s fears and exploiting their anxiety is now considered to be a form of enlightened education .
Yet the future of our children demands that we provide them with existential and moral security .
Instead of feeding them on a steady diet of scaremongering , we need to inspire them about our potential to improve the future of our world .
Frank Furedi ’s latest book , Wasted : Why Education Is n’t Educating , is published by Continuum Press .
( Buy this book from Amazon ( UK ) . )
He is also author of Population and Development : A Critical Introduction .
( Buy this book from Amazon ( UK ) . )
Visit Furedi ’s website here .
View the official opening film for the Copenhagen summit here :
(1) See ‘ Adults Have Ruined Our World ’ , Headliners , October 2007
(2) Jonathan Porritt cited in Enemies of progress , Austin Williams , Societas 2008 , p82
(3) Adults give young ‘ bad example ’ , BBC News , 11 July 2008
(4) Pester Power , Guardian , 1 February 2007
(5) The role of education and schools in shaping energy - related consumer behaviour , Energy Saving Trust , October 2007
(6) Pint - Size Eco-Police , Making Parents Proud and Sometimes Crazy , New York Times , 10 October 2008
( 7) See speech by Malcolm Wicks MP , June 2006
(8) ‘ So , how many trees have you planted , Daddy ? ’ , Guardian , 1 February 2007
(9) Children must think differently , Independent , 2 February 2007
( 10 ) The role of education and schools in shaping energy - related consumer behaviour , Energy Saving Trust , October 2007
( 11 ) Pester Power , Guardian , 1 February 2007
( 12 ) Our energy challenge : power from the people – microgeneration strategy , DTI , March 2006
( 13 ) How To Turn Your Parents Green , James Russell , Tangent Books , 2007
( 14 ) PM speech on climate change , Number10.gov.uk , 14 September 2004
Popsci has posted 2009 's most amazing scientific images , and there 's quite a few great ones in there .
A few of our favorites below , click through for all 62 .
In short , Cow Farts .
" Scientists measure methane at the source :
In a lush pasture near Buenos Aires , this cow and its compatriots are digesting important information : how much methane — a greenhouse gas 20 times as potent as carbon dioxide — is released by the country 's 55 million bovines ... "
NASA 's Super Pressure High Altitude Balloon .
" This seven - million - cubic - foot super - pressure balloon is the largest single - cell , super - pressure , fully - sealed balloon ever flown .
When development ends , NASA will have a 22 million - cubic - foot balloon that can carry a one - ton instrument to an altitude of more than 110,000 feet , which is three to four times higher than passenger planes fly . "
The Horse Training Car .
" What may look like a complex horse - drawn carriage is actually a high - tech way to automate the delicate process of training racehorses .
The horse is n't pulling the four - and - a - half - ton , $ 427,000 vehicle .
Rather , the vehicle keeps pace with the animal , and trainers fit the horse with equipment such as an electrocardiogram machine , oxygen masks and movement sensors to monitor its performance ... "
World 's Tallest Ferris Wheel .
" Spinning 580 feet above the city , the Singapore Flyer is the world 's largest observation wheel .
Like its older sibling , the 443 - foot - diameter London Eye , the 490 - foot Flyer has a stiff rim supported by long cable spokes ( the extra 90 feet of height comes from the Flyer 's base ) .
Unlike the Eye , the Flyer 's rim is nearly invisible — a feat achieved by rearranging the cable spokes into triangles , which pull in diagonally from the inner and outer sides of the rim ... "
Robo -Einstein Learns to Smile .
" A hyper-realistic Einstein robot at the University of California , San Diego learned , through a process of self - guided machine learning , to make facial expressions ( by way of about 30 facial ' muscles ' , each moved by a miniscule servo motor connected to the muscle by a string ) . "
Olafur Eliasson 's Frozen Car Sculpture .
" A high - concept sports car becomes a high - minded comment on global warming :
At the center of this two - ton ice sculpture is a 187 mph hydrogen - powered BMW racecar .
To create the piece , part of BMW 's Art Car Collection ( arriving at the Gallery of Modern Art in Munich , Germany , this month after a stint at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ) , artist Olafur Eliasson replaced the plastic shell of the H2R concept car with two layers of steel mesh ... "
The corner of Cave Creek Road and Cheryl Street in Sunnyslope is n't usually a roadside attraction .
Occupied by dilapidated wingding - style apartments and auto body shops with barbed - wire fences , the area is especially dark at night , where a single streetlight beams down uselessly on one spot of asphalt .
It 's easy to drive right by this corner without even noticing it — except when there are a dozen people wearing Ghostbusters uniforms and giant proton packs , pushing a hulking , white - and - red 1972 ambulance across the street .
They 're literally stopping traffic on a recent Sunday night , as curious passersby park their vehicles along the street and get out , marveling at the car and asking for photos with the group , which patterns itself after the paranormal investigators in the 1983 comedy Ghostbusters .
" Ghostbusters ! " exclaims a young guy walking past .
" I love that movie ! "
Info Niki D'Andrea Feature story
A Mexican couple gets out of their car and approaches the group .
They do n't speak English , and it 's doubtful they 've seen the movie .
Every other word they say seems to be " Qué ? " ( " What ? " ) .
But even if they do n't know the film with which this group is obsessed , they 're getting quite a kick out of the scene .
They 're all smiles as they bust out their cell phones and gesture for photos in the middle of the street .
Once the ogle - fest is over , the group pushes the giant ambulance back into the Haynes Rod and Custom shop , where Rich Haynes has been restoring it .
Rich is the cousin of Matt Haynes , the leader of this group , which is called the Arizona Ghostbusters .
Matt 's the proud owner of the ambulance — the group 's version of the Ecto - 1 vehicle from the film .
It needs an engine and new wiring , but it looks road - ready .
Haynes and several of his fellow Ghostbusters were in the shop past midnight a few days ago , applying the Ghostbusters logo to the doors and affixing a replica Ecto Trap called the " Super Slammer , " which looks like a couple of power boxes joined by pipes and high - tech gadgets , to the top .
" What do you think of our girl ? "
Haynes asks , referring to the car .
" Is n't the paint job beautiful ? "
He runs his fingers down the length of a red pinstripe and smiles .
" Look at these custom accents , " he fawns , before pointing at the blue lights atop the ambulance .
" We had her lights flashing earlier . "
Some men drool over monster trucks and Italian sports cars ; these men are in love with an old Pontiac Bonneville ambulance .
Two disheveled women in miniskirts start to approach the garage , curiously , from across the street .
Haynes jokes that they 're looking for dates , but after craning their necks and giggling , the women walk away .
Their puzzled expressions seem to ask the question this group always gets :
Are these guys for real ?
Arizona Ghostbusters are for real .
Sort of .
They 're a real " costuming fan group , " and their self - created car , props , and costumes are all real and made to be as identical to those in the Ghostbusters movies as possible .
But they do n't role - play or pretend to be particular characters from the film ; the names on their Ghostbusters uniforms are their own .
And they do n't really investigate paranormal activity or bust ghosts , either .
They 're just people who love the Ghostbusters franchise and use their costumes and car to raise money for charities .
People notice them , and everybody seems to want photos with the team and their props .
If people are willing to toss a donation into the group 's charity fundraiser box , the Arizona Ghostbusters are happy to mug it up with them .
One of dozens of Ghostbusters fan groups worldwide , Arizona Ghostbusters are a small fraction of an international , nostalgia - driven costuming phenomenon that includes more than a quarter of a million people who regularly dress up like everything from Star Wars heroes and villains to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
But Arizona Ghostbusters have taken their fandom further than most costuming groups .
The 16 or so active members have spent nearly six figures among them re-creating the uniforms , props , and car from the Ghostbusters franchise .
That 's way more than they 've raised for charities , but it gives them a reason to put the costumes on every weekend .
Ghostbusters is just one piece of pop culture past that wo n't die .
There 's also the immortal and ever - morphing Star Trek .
The original ' 60s TV series has become one of the biggest franchises in the world over the past five decades .
Fans known as " Trekkies " have formed international costuming and role - playing groups like Star - Trek - One and the United Space Federation , each with global memberships around 3,000 .
George Lucas ' 1977 film Star Wars is another big throwback franchise , with costuming fan groups that include militia imitations of the Fighting 501st Legion and Rebel Legion ( the " bad guys " and " good guys " in the movies , respectively ) .
More recent franchises like the Harry Potter books and films , with their appeal of magic and juvenile nostalgia , have inspired costuming groups , too , most notably the Massachusetts - based Harry Potter Alliance , a national non-profit organization that claims 4,500 members dedicated to social activism .
The Ghostbusters franchise has grown many arms since the film 's release in 1983 .
Writers / co-stars Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis ' colorful yarn about a group of New York City parapsychologists turned proton pack - toting ghost hunters spawned a sequel in 1989 ( Ghostbusters II ) , numerous action figures , two animated TV series , a video game , and a confirmed second sequel ( Ghostbusters III ) , currently in the works .
And it 's captured the imaginations of Ghostbusters geeks everywhere .
There was an unexpected 8 % drop in crime recorded by the police in the 12 months to September with falls in burglary , robbery and violence despite the recession , according to the quarterly crime figures ( pdf ) published this morning .
The Home Office data also confirms that the murder rate in England and Wales has fallen ( pdf ) to a 20 - year low , with 651 homicides in 2008/09 – 102 fewer than the previous year .
The latest British Crime Survey , based on people 's experience of crime , also published today , shows that crime was broadly stable over the 12 months to September 2009 in England and Wales .
However , it reports that the risk of becoming a victim of crime has fallen to a new historical low of 22 % .
The quarterly crime figures are the last set to be published before the start of the general election campaign .
Police recorded crime shows a fall in nearly all offence groups for the quarter July to September 2009 compared with a year earlier , including a substantial 20 % fall in car crime ( a drop of more than 30,000 offences ) , 11 % drop in criminal damage , 9 % fall in robberies and an 8 % drop in burglary .
However , increases were recorded in sexual offences , up 5 % from 13,300 to 14,000 ; personal theft up 7 % to 23,200 and a similar rise in bicycle thefts to 34,600 .
The fall in robberies includes a welcome 16 % drop in the number in which a knife was used , but gun crime rose by 3 % to 2,100 incidents – the first increase for nine months .
The fall in the murder rate reflects a fall in homicides involving a sharp instrument from 271 to 255 during 2008 / 09 , while fatal shootings were also down , from 53 to 39 .
The police said that the figures showed some encouraging trends over a period when some criminologists had expected an upward pressure on the overall crime rate from the impact of the economic recession .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ' head of crime , chief constable Keith Bristow , said : " Recorded crime statistics published today are good news overall showing significant reductions which reflect the hard work of the police service and our partners to keep people safe from harm in every community .
" Following an increase in the last quarter , the detail shows domestic burglary down by 8 % , with other reductions recorded in robbery , drug offences and criminal damage .
Vehicle crime also dropped by 20 % , which may be attributable to a combination of factors including improved crime prevention and better vehicle security design , allied to a focus on tackling prolific offenders . "
He said the increase in sexual offences had followed a period of encouraging victims to come forward and report these crimes .
Home Office minister David Hanson also welcomed the figures saying he was particularly pleased that the number of people worried about antisocial behaviour had fallen to 15 % – the lowest on record .
" Improving public confidence in the police and local councils is one of government 's top priorities .
That is why we slashed all national targets for the police , except one on public confidence , freeing them up to deliver on the crime and antisocial behaviour issues that matter locally , " he said .
Crime in England and Wales : Quarterly Update to September 2009 ( pdf )
Homicides , Firearm Offences and Intimate Violence 2008/09 : Supplementary Volume 2 to Crime in England and Wales 2008/09 ( pdf )
Italian police incarcerate 1,300 migrant workers after Calabria protest
By Marianne Arens and Stefan Steinberg
12 January 2010
Italian police and carabinieri arrested about 1,300 African workers in the Calabrian town of Rosarno over the weekend and shipped them off in buses and trains to detention centers .
The immigrants had launched protests in Rosarno on Thursday and Friday of last week against the shooting of several migrants by unknown gunmen the day before .
The violent clashes and wholesale arrests are indicative of mounting social tensions in Italy and in Europe brought on by the economic crisis , unemployment and attacks by the European governments on the living standards of the working class .
The European elite hope to divert the resulting social anger toward immigrant workers while manipulating events like those in Rosarno to put in place police state measures aimed at the entire working class , immigrant and native .
Italy ’s Interior Minister Roberto Maroni lost no time in describing the events in Rosarno as the result of “ too much tolerance . ”
In fact , far from being a result of the “ tolerance ” of the Italian state — among the most brutal in Europe in its dealings with immigrants — the immigrant workers ’ protest in Rosarno had been brewing for months , the result of subhuman working and living conditions and the wanton abuse of Calabria ’s version of the Mafia , the ´ Ndragheta .
It was most likely ´ Ndragheta violence against the workers that triggered the protests .
The day before , a few migrants were reportedly shot and injured by unknown gunmen .
Among those wounded was a man from Togo .
In response , hundreds of workers shouting “ we are not animals ! ” left their rudimentary dwellings and marched into the city center of Rosarno , where they reportedly tore down fences , turned over trash cans and broke car windows .
Around 1,500 workers are employed during the orange harvest in Rosarno , a small town in Calabria with approximately 16,000 inhabitants .
The hardest work is carried out by low - paid clandestini — i.e. , illegal immigrants , mainly from Africa .
The Africans work a circuit in southern Italy , harvesting tomatoes in Campania in the spring , grapes in Sicily in the summer , olives in Puglia in early autumn , and finally Calabria ’s orange harvest in the late autumn .
They reportedly earn no more than € 2 or € 3 an hour .
When they have work , the African migrants labor under intense pressure and sleep in tents and cardboard constructions .
About 200 African workers of Rosarno lived in an abandoned factory without heat , a toilet , or running water .
According to Flavio Di Giacomo , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration in Italy , the riots reveal that “ many Italian economic realities are based on the exploitation of low - cost foreign labor , living in subhuman conditions , without human rights , ” and conditions of “ semi-slavery . ”
The Calabrian fruit harvest has increasingly come under the control of the ´ Ndragheta .
The immigrants ’ wage is a maximum of € 23 per day , from which they must pay up to € 5 “ protection money ” to the ´ Ndragheta .
The shots fired last week are thought to be the work of the crime syndicate seeking to punish workers who refused to pay protection money .
A Sudanese worker , Abdul Rashid Muhammad Mahmoud Iddris , told CNN that on Thursday a BMW pulled up outside the abandoned factory that served as housing for many immigrants .
A man then emerged from the car and shot and wounded 26 - year - old Ayiva Saibou .
Local police told the immigrants they could not help the injured man .
Within hours , as many as 2,000 immigrants marched on Rosarno ’s town hall before being driven back by police .
They attempted to repeat the march the next day .
The Italian state responded ruthlessly to the immigrant protests .
Hundreds of policemen and carabinieri were immediately mobilized against the migrant workers .
Paramilitary police units fired tear gas at the crowd and struck down protesting workers with their clubs .
The police and carabinieri stood by as extreme right groups attacked migrant workers .
Armed with clubs , stones and even hunting rifles , these extremists conducted a battle with the migrant workers which lasted throughout Friday .
They used trucks and tractors to hunt down foreign workers wherever they could find them .
The migrant workers defended themselves with a barricade consisting of two ignited cars and a heap of car tires before withdrawing back into the factory building which served as their main dwelling .
Eventually heavily armed police units encircled the workers in front of the old factory .
A number of migrant workers fled and the remainder were deported from the city overnight .
The police organised buses and trains to transport more than 1,000 migrants to detention centers in Crotone , Bari and Brindisi , before bulldozing their makeshift encampments on the outskirts of Rosarno .
On Saturday a racist mob continued to vent its anger against the last remaining foreign workers in Rosarno .
A 29 - year old man from Burkina Faso was injured in both legs and in his arm by rifle shots .
A car with three migrant workers was stopped by thugs armed with iron bars .
One of the three in the car was severely beaten , the other two were able to flee .
The official number of injured totaled 67 , including 31 immigrants , 17 Italians and 19 policemen .
Eight Africans still remain in hospital with serious injuries .
Prominent figures in the Italian state issued xenophobic denunciations of the African workers .
Interior Minister Maroni has said that any African worker of Rosarno who was without proper papers will be deported .
Minister Roberto Calderoli of the Northern League spelled out the racist agenda of the Italian government and declared that with unemployment at 18 percent in the south of Italy , “ work should go to the Italians ... not to illegal immigrants . ”
“ First establish order , then everything else ” demanded Maurizio Gasparri , the former neo-fascist and the current parliamentary fraction head of the ruling Popolo della Libertá in the Senate .
Illegal foreign workers had to be deported with much greater efficiency , the senator insisted .
Gasparri remained silent on the Mafia - type structures revealed in this latest incident , or the way in which the ´ Ndragheta organizes the fruit harvest and makes huge profits from the illegal status of immigrants .
On the first day of the riots Maroni , also of the Northern League , happened to be addressing a meeting in Reggio Calabria on the issue of organized crime .
Just a few days previously the ´ Ndragheta had carried out a bomb attack on the regional court in the city .
In May 2009 the anti-mafia commission had arranged an investigation into the Mafia ’s role in agrarian enterprises in the region .
The investigation resulted in the arrest of three local agrarian businessmen and two Bulgarian associates .
It is entirely likely that local criminal elements incited the violence against migrants in order to deflect attention away from their own activities .
This was the case in 2008 when Camorra criminal gangs diverted scrutiny away from their role in the city ’s rubbish scandal by instigating racist pogroms in Naples .
These gangs are able to incite violence and unleash such pogroms in the knowledge that their activities are welcomed by the Berlusconi government as a smokescreen for the intense social crisis in the country as a whole .
The government , in turn , remains in power because of the complete abandonment of any struggle to defend the rights of working people by Italy ’s opposition parties and trade unions .
On Saturday , the General Secretary of Italy ’s largest trade union federation , Guglielmo Epifani of the CGIL , refused to come to the defence of the migrant workers and condemned “ violence , irrespective of where it comes from . ”
Out of a population of 60 million , Italy has some four or five million legal immigrants , and perhaps as many or more immigrants without papers .
It has an aging population and one of the lowest birth rates in the world .
Berlusconi has introduced some of the most draconian immigration laws in Europe , including extensive measures by the police and coast guard to prevent migrants from reaching Italy ’s shores .
There is every indication that the government will use the events in Rosarno to tighten up its laws even more .
Italy is not alone .
All across Europe , the ruling elite is embracing the most far right political forces , putting in place new restrictions on democratic rights and building up the police powers of the state — all in the guise of controlling immigration and fighting “ terrorism . ”
These measures , in fact , serve as a prelude for a far broader attack on the social position and democratic rights of the working class as a whole .
The authors also recommend :
Berlusconi government incites racist pogroms
[ 23 May 2008 ]
So now ladies and gentlemen , the moment you have all been waiting for .
I am about to unveil the winner of one of the 300 most prestigious awards in environmental journalism : the Christopher Booker prize , awarded for falsehoods about climate change .
The winner will receive this stylish trophy , lovingly fashioned by master craftsmen in mid-Wales , which , believe it or not , is made entirely of recycled materials !
Even more exciting is the super soaraway holiday of a lifetime ( possibly the final holiday of a lifetime ) which the winner will be encouraged to take , and which the Guardian is assisting with a fabulous THREE bars of Kendal mint cake .
The intention is to help persuade the lucky recipient to take a one - way solo kayak trip to the north pole , to see for him or herself the full extent of the Arctic ice melt .
The rules of the competition are simple : the award goes to whoever in my opinion — assisted by climate scientists and specialists — managed in the course of 2009 to cram as many misrepresentations , distortions and falsehoods into a single online article , statement , lecture , film or interview about climate change .
The first contestant was the man after which this beautiful trophy was named , the famous strangler of facts , the Telegraph Terror , Christopher Booker .
In just one short column in the Sunday Telegraph , he managed to drop six and a half clangers .
I thought that would set a high bar for the other contestants .
How wrong I was .
From total obscurity a new challenger rode out .
In his very first attempt John Tomlinson , a columnist for the Flint Journal in Michigan , almost tripled Booker 's score : knocking out a fantastic 18 errors in an article of just 486 words .
In doing so he set what might have been a world record hit rate : one misleading statement every 26 words .
Not that it was to last for long .
I cast around in vain for someone who could match the Michigan Mauler 's extraordinary performance .
But even the likes of Melanie Phillips , James Delingpole and George Will could n't take him on .
David Bellamy , the Bearded Bungler , soon weighed in , and for a while his challenge looked promising , as he knocked out eight barmy statements in the first two minutes and 20 seconds of a video interview with the Daily Express .
But then the fight just seemed to go out of him , and he tailed off with some quite sensible statements about other forms of pollution .
By now it seemed to me that only one contender could take on the Mauler : the Discount Viscount , Lord Monckton .
In fact there 's a fair chance that Viscount Monckhausen could have come out in front with one of his online lectures , which are riddled with crazy assertions and shocking misrepresentations , but the thought of spending a day inside his mind made me feel physically sick .
Then Tomlinson , the Michigan Mauler , made what turned out to be a definitive move .
In response to my exposure of his howlers , he wrote another column in which , amazingly , he more than doubled his previous score , with a stunning 38 howlers .
He even beat his own putative world record for error - density , with a score of one per 21 words .
No one now had a hope of beating him .
Or , to be more accurate , I was n't prepared to go through all that again .
Recording and rebutting 38 falsehoods was so time - consuming and soul - destroying that I did n't want to find another challenger .
I 'd had no idea what I was letting myself in for .
How did he manage it ?
By cobbling together just about every well - trodden climate change myth he could find on the web and compressing them into the smallest possible space ; rather like those people who try to write a book on a postage stamp .
So the winner , ladies and gentlemen , of the 2009 Christopher Booker prize is ……….
John Tomlinson !!!!
This week I will be sending him the stunning trophy and the three bars of Kendal mint cake which will hopefully encourage him to embark on the holiday of his lifetime .
With the help of this amazing prize , a fabulous career of even greater obscurity awaits him .
And that , ladies and gentlemen , is that .
There wo n't be a 2010 Christopher Booker prize , because I can't face the thought of wading through all that rubbish again .
www.monbiot.com
# 22 : Genies in the Golden Age
Various artists & pictures from Arabian Nights , Illustrated , edited by Jeff A. Menges
This analysis copyright 2010 , Scott M. McDaniel
Welcome folks !
We ’ve got a massive cage match for you today on RAW , the Real Artist Wrestling smackdown !
You decide the winner !
And will I please drop the lame announcing thing with all the exclamation points !
Yes !
Rather than analyzing a single illustration this time we ’re going to look at six illustrations of the exact same scene from the Arabian Nights .
From the Tale of the Fisherman and the Genie :
Then he threw his nets for the fourth time .
When he thought he had a fish he drew them in with a great deal of trouble .
There was no fish however , but he found a yellow pot , which by its weight seemed full of something , and he noticed that it was fastened and sealed with lead , with the impression of a seal .
He was delighted .
“ I will sell it to the founder , ” he said ; “ with the money I shall get for it I shall buy a measure of wheat . ”
He examined the jar on all sides ; he shook it to see if it would rattle .
But he heard nothing , and so , judging from the impression of the seal and the lid , he thought there must be something precious inside .
To find out , he took his knife , and with a little trouble he opened it .
He turned it upside down , but nothing came out , which surprised him very much .
He set it in front of him , and whilst he was looking at it attentively , such a thick smoke came out that he had to step back a pace or two .
This smoke rose up to the clouds , and stretching over the sea and the shore , formed a thick mist , which caused the fisherman much astonishment .
When all the smoke was out of the jar it gathered itself together , and became a thick mass in which appeared a Genie , twice as large as the largest giant .
When he saw such a terrible - looking monster , the fisherman would like to have run away , but he trembled so with fright that he could not move a step .
These days we share a defined idea of what a genie looks like .
The visual language is fairly set .
During the golden age of American illustration though they did n’t necessarily have those preconceptions .
Below we ’ll look at how Will and Frances Brundage , René Bull , Edmund Dulac , Charles Folkard , H.J. Ford , and Maxfield Parrish conceived of and presented the scene above .
All they really had to work with was the text of the stories , and possibly the knowledge that according to Islam God created genies ( djinn ) from fire as he similarly created humans from the clay of the earth .
Will and Frances Brundage , 1893
What do you notice right off the bat ?
For me it was that the genie looks more like an angel to me than a genie .
Since when do they have wings ?
The second thing I noticed was the palette .
The technique was chromolithography , which means that a lithographer interpreted the colors of the original painting for widespread reproduction .
Still , it ’s a very light picture with only a nod to the billowing dark smoke .
Each artist had to decide on a focus for their piece .
As you ’ll see , some made it a reaction shot of the fisherman and played down the genie .
Their intent – I believe – is to give the viewer an emotional connection to the situation .
We ’re to empathize with the stunned fisherman .
Others focus on the grandeur or fantastic aspect of the genie .
In those we ’re supposed to experience the same awe that the fisherman felt , but the real object of interest is the creature .
The Brundages tried to accomplish both objectives with this painting .
The basic composition is a loop , with the genie forming an arc as it emerges from the vessel .
It reaches toward the fisherman with outstretched arms , and when our eyes reach him his posture brings us back around to the vessel .
The focus here is the interplay between the two .
I looked at the genie first because it is larger ( though not much ) and higher in the image .
The red in its eyes is a nice touch .
The darker figure of the fisherman also helps pull our eye down to him to get the loop going .
The Brundages chose a conventional viewpoint and medium shot .
They provide a basic background with just a sea and horizon , plus clouds in the sky .
While I ’m fascinated with this conception of a genie , I think they missed the mark a little bit in the interaction between the two characters .
The gestures of the figures seem stiff , and it ’s not clear whether the fisherman is springing back in surprise or begging for his life .
Of course he does both in the course of the story , but the image should show us one or the other .
The other thing I think is missing is a sense of the epic .
The text mentions smoke billowing up to the clouds , and the genie in this painting does n’t seem “ twice as large as the largest giant . ”
René Bull , 1912
I ’ll be honest .
The first thing I thought when I looked at this picture was , “ Well , that ’s racist . ”
And so it is .
The style in which Bull drew the genie uses the visual language of the time , particularly cartoons of people of African descent .
I ’m going to focus on the picture ’s mechanics , but I wanted to acknowledge the racist aspect right up front .
The clear focus of this picture is the genie .
While the fisherman is there , he ’s small – the genie dwarfs him .
We certainly get a grander scale in this picture that we did with the Brundage’s .
The sentence accompanying the picture is , “ Ah ! replied the fisherman , why would you kill me ? ”
Here the fisherman is clearly begging for his life , or at least trying to forestall the inevitable .
We see the genie first , but then follow its gaze down to the fisherman .
Either the fisherman ’s gaze takes us straight back , or our eye goes to the mountain above him that points to the smoke .
From there it ’s back to the genie .
Bull makes a few different choices in relating the story .
His fisherman is poorer than the one in the first picture – he has no shirt and just a wrap for the bottom half .
He ’s also got more fishing gear .
To accommodate the larger scale , our viewpoint is further back and higher up .
We ’re floating in the air , though not as high as the genie .
Bull also uses rock formations to create depth .
The foreground rock formation on the lower right echoes the shape of the genie ’s smoke ( rhythym ) .
The rocks in the background also follow the shape of the billows of smoke .
Speaking of the smoke , there are two layers of depth there .
The silhouetted billows are further back than the main layer .
While I think that the fisherman ’s pose clearly communicates his attitude , I do n’t think the genie itself is effective .
Maybe it ’s the difference in time , but I look at the genie and see someone who is n’t scary but rather goofy , chaotic , and maybe insane .
Capricious , perhaps .
I see some danger in the situation , but not menace .
Partly it ’s the drawing style , and partly its the genie ’s expression and posture .
Edmund Dulac , 1907
Here we are with the wings again .
They ’re dark this time , though , and we do n’t get to see their full scale .
Even more than Bull , this painting ’s focus is the genie .
We do n’t even get to see the fisherman ’s face since he ’s rolling back on the ground .
Our eye level is up with the genie .
While the fisherman is a larger part of the picture than Bull ’s , he ’s more passive and in even less control .
We do n’t get a good look at his clothing , and the only fishing gear there is the net .
One interesting detail I note is the Star of David on the vessel ’s lid .
Traditionally such things bore the Seal of Solomon to bind the genies .
As the genie tells in the story , Solomon gave all of the genies a choice to renounce evil and worship Allah or be sealed in such prisons .
I ’m not aware of any descriptions of the Seal of Solomon , so I ’m guessing that Dulac opted to use the Star of David for it .
It ’s hard to judge color on older pieces , but the palette for this one is basically brown with accents of red .
The blue of the water and genie ’s sashis the other main color .
It ’s dark and desaturated , but some of that may be the intervening century .
Dulac ’s characterization is strong – this genie is definitely menacing .
With it ’s lanky arms and hands like talons ( not to mention wings ) the genie evokes a buzzard or bird or prey .
Like Bull ’s version this genie has jewelry and adornments , but here we can also see clothing and even legs .
The trim on the genie ’s wrap is cool , though hard to see here .
The genie ’s expression is certainly more ominous than Bull ’s , though the genie is n’t as angry as the one in the Brundage ’s picture .
Overall I find the picture to be flat – we do n’t have foreground , midground , and background elements , and the billows of smoke obscure anything that might give us reference for distance .
The viewpoint , though , does help us see the scale .
Charles Folkard , 1913
Here we have our first illustration that puts the main focus on the fisherman and not on the genie .
We do n’t even see it ’s face !
Even so , the genie is the brightest and most saturated part of the painting .
I did look at the genie first and then followed his arms and hands to the fisherman .
In this case I say that the painting ’s focus is the fisherman because its him we know more about .
Frankly , there ’s not all that much to look at with the genie , but we have a good look at fisherman ’s clothes , posture , and expression .
Like the Brundages and Dulac , Folkard uses only a net to symbolize “ fisherman . ”
I particularly like the fisherman ’s clothes .
They ’re grungy and patched together but far from boring .
Even his face hints at a hard life .
It ’s great characterization .
Folkard ’s palette is quite similar to Dulac ’s – mainly browns and earth tones .
The genie provides the only real splash of color with the bright and warm yellow and orange .
This painting has a little more depth than Dulac ’s due to occlusion – the fisherman is clearly in front of the rocks behind him .
Folkard ’s genie , though , is n’t nearly as big as Dulac ’s and Bull’s .
There are two things that do n’t work for me about this illustration .
The first is the sense of scale – it ’s the same problem I had with the Brundage ’s painting .
Yeah , the genie is bigger than the fisherman , but towering to the sky ?
I do n’t think so .
Second , we do n’t get to see the genie itself .
It may as well be a sightly larger person .
As good a job as Folkard does with the fisherman , the genie completely underwhelms me .
H. J. Ford , 1898
( H. J. Ford has a section in the Arabian Nights book , but this scan comes from a different publication titled The Arabian Nights Entertainments . )
If I was n’t happy about missing out on the genie ’s face in Folkard ’s painting , I should be even less satisfied here .
However , I ’m not .
The reason is that although we do n’t get a good look at the genie we do get clear hints of the fantastic .
There are just hints .
I see some claws and talons as well as scales .
Or are they feathers ?
Ford chose to suggest the creature rather than showing it directly , and here it ’s effective .
It ’s a rare horror movie in which the monster lives up to the creepiness of the bulging door .
Ford manages to keep the viewpoint low and the picture contained while still allowing for the genie ’s massive scale .
Because the smoke continues off the top of the picture , who knows how far up it extends .
The genie ’s smoke also takes up a majority of the frame we can see .
Despite that , it ’s the fisherman who is the focus once again .
There ’s really only one bright spot framed between the genie above and the ground below , and that ’s where the fisherman is .
His feet point us to the vessel and from there we look at the genie .
Here we have our poorest fisherman yet .
He ’s only got a loincloth and a skinny , weather beaten body .
There ’s a wispy beard .
As with most of the others it ’s the net that lets us know he ’s a fisherman , though Ford does include some additional rigging .
The rigging , by the way , catches our gaze if we somehow make it past the vessel and redirects it upward into the genie .
This genie does n’t have much in the way of characterization since it ’s just a seething mass of smoke and pieces - parts - all - fused .
This is one of my favorites of the pictures here .
It ’s intimate with the fisherman and hints at the large scale of the genie .
Still , despite the intellectual understanding that the genie is huge , we do n’t have that massive , epic scale .
Maxfield Parrish , 1909
Finally we have the scene as done by Maxfield Parrish .
He has chosen to do away with the genie completely and focus only on the fisherman .
We see the smoke , but no actual genie .
Interestingly , despite the water setting this is the first time we see an actual reflection in the water .
The strongest contrast in the picture is the column of smoke and the silhouette of the fisherman .
The two join at the fisherman ’s hand , and the smoke looms up over the fisherman , framing him .
For this picture , I think Parrish was going more for a comic effect than one of shock and awe .
The fisherman is gangly and knock - kneed .
His expression shows complete surprise but not fear .
It ’s a complete WTF moment .
The characterization is great .
The fisherman ’s skinny frame and tattered clothes tell us that he ’s poor and I love his posture .
The way his hand is hanging limply tickles me for some reason .
There is no sense of epic scale , but Parrish certainly gives us depth with the city in the background and the landscape .
It ’s not a major part of the picture , but it sets a scene .
Unlike most of the others , Parrish shows a sandy beach that has pools calm enough to clearly reflect something .
There ’s not a rock or a stone in sight in the foreground .
I like this picture as well , though I still have that little thought scampering at the back of my mind that this story is about a genie and I want to see one dammit .
I ’ll get over it , though .
It does show , however , that you do n’t always have to go the obvious route with a painting .
Sometimes you can paint something by not showing .
The Wrap - Up
So now you know what a genie looks like .
Well , sort of .
They ’re super tall , except for when they ’re not .
They ’re basically human looking , except when they ’re just a mass of claws and scales .
They only have an upper half to their bodies , except when you can sometimes find their legs .
They wear anything from wraps to assassin ’s cloaks to nothing at all .
The point is that when we illustrate something we have great freedom , but we need to go ahead and make our decisions and thoroughly think things through .
Next week will be a Princely painting by Brian Bolland of Judge Dredd fame among many other feats of art .
( P.S. – So , like I said at the beginning , it ’s up to you to decide who wins the cage match .
Which of these six illustrations works best for you ?
Why do you think it ’s the most successful ?
Cast your votes in the comments . )
The Tablet
Another former Apple executive who was there at the time said the tablets kept getting shelved at Apple because Mr. Jobs , whose incisive critiques are often memorable , asked , in essence , what they were good for besides surfing the Web in the bathroom .
— ” Just a Touch Away , the Elusive Tablet PC ” , The New York Times , 4 October 2009
Here ’s the thimbleful of information I have heard regarding The Tablet ( none of which has changed in six months ) :
The Tablet project is real , it has you - know - who ’s considerable undivided attention , and everyone working on it has dropped off the map .
I do n’t know anyone who works at Apple who doubts these things ; nor do I know anyone at Apple who knows a whit more .
I do n’t know anyone who ’s seen the hardware or the software , nor even anyone who knows someone else who has seen the hardware or software .
The cone of silence surrounding the project is , so far as I can tell , complete .
1
The situation is uncannily similar to the run-up preceding the debut of the original iPhone in January 2007 , including many of the same engineers and software teams at Apple — such as those who built the iPhone Mail , Calendar , and Safari apps — disappearing into a black hole .
The iPhone remained a secret until Steve Jobs took it out of his jeans pocket on stage at Macworld Expo .
All of which is to say that what follows is my conjecture .
Pure punditry , not one of those smarmy “ predictions ” where I know full well in advance what ’s going to happen .
I have a thousand questions about The Tablet ’s design .
What size is it ?
There ’s a big difference between , say , 7 - and 10 - inch displays .
How do you type on it ?
With all your fingers , like a laptop keyboard ?
Or like an iPhone , with only your thumbs ?
If you ’re supposed to watch video on it , how do you prop it up ?
Holding it in your hands ?
Flat on a table seems like the wrong angle entirely ; but a fold - out “ arm ” to prop it up , à la a picture frame , seems clumsy and inelegant .
If it ’s just a touchscreen tablet , how do you protect the screen while carrying it around ?
If it folds up somehow , how is it not just a laptop — why not put a hardware keyboard on the part that folds up to cover the display ?
( Everyone I know at Apple refers to it as “ The Tablet ” , but so far as I can tell , that ’s because that ’s what everyone calls it , not because anyone knows that it actually even is , physically , a tablet .
And “ The Tablet ” most certainly is not the product name . )
If it ’s too big to fit in a pants pocket , how are you supposed to carry it around ?
And but if it does fit in a pants pocket , how is it bigger enough than an iPod Touch to justify existing ?
And so on .
But there ’s one question at the top of the list , the answer to which is the key to answering every other question .
That question is this :
If you already have an iPhone and a MacBook ; why would you want this ?
The epigraph I used to start this piece — the bit about Steve Jobs demanding that a tablet be useful for more than just reading on the can — indicates that Apple will release nothing without such an answer .
I agree that such an answer is essential .
Successful new gadgets always seem to occupy a clearly defined place alongside , or replacing , existing devices .
The Flip filled a previously empty niche for a small , cheap , simple video camera .
How was the iPod better than existing portable music players ?
It fit 1,000 songs in your pocket , with a fun interface that let you find them easily .
Why buy an iPhone to replace your existing mobile phone ?
Because there was a clear need for a modern handheld general - purpose computer .
But how much room is there between an iPhone ( or iPod Touch ) and a MacBook ( or other laptop computer , running Windows or Linux or whatever ) ?
What ’s the argument for owning all three ?
“ I ’d use it on the couch and lying in bed ” is not a good answer .
You can already use your iPhone or MacBook on the couch and in bed .
It strikes me as foolish to market a multi - hundred - dollar device that people are expected to leave on their coffee table .
“ It ’s a Kindle killer ” is not a good answer .
If you think Apple is making a dedicated device for reading e-books and articles , you ’re thinking too small .
As profoundly reticent as Steve Jobs is regarding future Apple products , when he does speak , he ’s often surprisingly revealing .
David Pogue asked him about the Kindle a few months ago :
A couple of years ago , pre-Kindle , Mr. Jobs expressed his doubts that e-readers were ready for prime time .
So today , I asked if his opinions have changed .
“ I ’m sure there will always be dedicated devices , and they may have a few advantages in doing just one thing , ” he said .
“ But I think the general - purpose devices will win the day .
Because I think people just probably are n’t willing to pay for a dedicated device . ”
He said that Apple does n’t see e-books as a big market at this point , and pointed out that Amazon.com , for example , does n’t ever say how many Kindles it sells .
“ Usually , if they sell a lot of something , you want to tell everybody . ”
Of course , this is the same Steve Jobs who back in January 2008 told The New York Times ’s John Markoff :
“ It does n’t matter how good or bad the product is , the fact is that people do n’t read anymore , ” he said .
“ Forty percent of the people in the U.S. read one book or less last year .
The whole conception is flawed at the top because people do n’t read anymore . ”
One could reasonably argue that the “ people do n’t read ” comment , taken at face value , suggests that Apple has no interest in that market , period .
I , however , would square the two remarks as follows :
Not enough people read to make it worth creating a dedicated device that is to reading what the original iPod was to music .
( Everyone , for practical definitions of “ everyone ” , listens to music . )
But e-reading as one aspect among several for a general - purpose computing device — well , that ’s something else entirely .
The pre-Touch iPod was ( and remains ) an enormous success .
It changed the music industry and rejuvenated Apple .
But it was and remains a dedicated device ; originally focused on audio , now capable of the sibling feature of video .
The iPhone , on the other hand , was conceived and has flourished as a general - purpose handheld computing platform .
It was not introduced as such publicly , and is not pitched as such in Apple ’s marketing , but clearly that ’s what it is .
The iPhone was described by Jobs in his on - stage introduction as three devices in one : “ a widescreen iPod with touch controls , a revolutionary mobile phone , a breakthrough Internet communicator ” .
Thus , it was clear what people would want to do with it : watch videos , listen to music , make phone calls , surf the web , do email .
The way Apple made one device that did a credible job of all these widely - varying features was by making it a general - purpose computer with minimal specificity in the hardware and maximal specificity in the software .
And , now , through the App Store and third - party developers , it does much more : serving as everything from a game player to a medical device .
Do I think The Tablet is an e-reader ?
A video player ?
A web browser ?
A document viewer ?
It ’s not a matter of or but rather and .
I say it is all of these things .
It ’s a computer .
And so in answer to my central question , regarding why buy The Tablet if you already have an iPhone and a MacBook , my best guess is that ultimately , The Tablet is something you ’ll buy instead of a MacBook .
I say they ’re swinging big — redefining the experience of personal computing .
It will not be pitched as such by Apple .
It will be defined by three or four of its built - in primary apps .
But long - term , big - picture ?
It will be to the MacBook what the Macintosh was to the Apple II .
I am not predicting that Apple is phasing out the Mac .
( On the contrary , I ’ve heard that Mac OS X 10.7 is on pace for a developer release at WWDC in June . )
Like all Apple products ,
The Tablet will do less than we expect but the things it does do , it will do insanely well .
It will offer a fraction of the functionality of a MacBook — but that fraction will be way more fun .
The same myopic feature - checklist - obsessed critics who dismissed the iPhone will focus on all that The Tablet does n’t do and declare that this time , Apple really has fucked up but good .
The rest of us will get in line to buy one .
The Mac is , and will remain , Apple ’s answer to what you use to do everything .
The Tablet , I say , is going to be Apple ’s new answer to what you use for personal portable general computing .
Put another way , let ’s say instead of a MacBook and an iPhone , you ’ve got an iMac and an iPhone , but you also want a portable secondary computer .
Today , that portable from Apple ( portable as opposed to the iPhone ’s mobile ) is a MacBook .
With The Tablet , you ’ll have the option of a device that will more closely resemble the iPhone than the iMac in terms of concept and the degree of technical abstraction .
The Tablet OS
The original 1984 Mac did n’t abstract away the computer — it made the computer itself elegant , simple , and understandable .
Very , very little was hidden from the typical user .
Mac OS
X is vastly more complex technically and conceptually , as it must be due to the vastly increased complexity and capability of today ’s hardware .
But Mac OS
X has always tried to have it both ways : a veneer of simplicity that does n’t cover the entire surface of the system .
The user - exposed file system is a prime example .
On the 1984 Mac , the entire file system was exposed , but the entire file system fit on a 400 KB floppy disk .
On Mac OS X , the / System / Library / folder , one of many exposed fiddly sections of the file system browsable in the Finder , contains over 90,000 items , not one of which a typical user should ever need to see or touch .
The iPhone OS offers a complete computing abstraction .
Under the hood , it ’s just as complex as Mac OS X .
On the surface , though , it is even more simple and elegant than the original Mac .
No technical complexity is exposed .
Hierarchy is minimized .
It relegates the file system to a developer - level technology rather than a user - level technology .
( Did you know the file system on iPhones is case sensitive ? )
But so while I think The Tablet ’s OS will be like the iPhone OS , I do n’t think it will be the iPhone OS .
Carved from the same OS X core , yes , but with a new bespoke UI designed to be just right for The Tablet ’s form factor , whatever that form factor will be .
One common prediction I disagree with is that The Tablet will simply be more or less an iPod Touch with a much bigger display .
But in the same way that it made no sense for Apple to design the iPhone OS to run Mac software , it makes little sense for a device with a 7 - inch ( let alone larger ) display to run software designed for a 3.5 - inch display .
The iPhone OS user interface was not designed in the abstract .
It ’s entirely about real - world usability , and very much designed specifically around the physical size of the device itself .
The size and spacing of tappable targets are designed with the size of human thumb - and fingertips in mind .
More importantly , the whole thing is designed so that it can be used one - handed .
Even an adult with relatively small hands can go from one corner to the other with their thumb , holding the iPhone in one hand .
Mac OS
X apps could n’t run on an iPhone display because they simply would n’t fit , and the parts that did fit would contain buttons and other UI elements that were far too small to be used .
Running iPhone software on a much larger display presents the opposite problem : it ’s not that the UI could n’t be scaled to fill the screen , it ’s that it would be a waste to do so .
A 7 - inch display is n’t twice the size of an iPhone ’s , it ’s four times bigger in surface area .
I ’m not sure even Shaquille O’Neal could hold a 7 - inch iPod Touch in one hand and swipe from corner to corner with his thumb .
Why would Apple stretch a UI designed to afford for one - handed use on 3.5 - inch displays to cover a 7 - inch ( or larger ) display that could n’t possibly be used one - handed ?
If Apple ’s starting with a hardware size where the iPhone OS ca n’t be used one - handed , then trust me , they ’re designing a new interaction model .
Apple is not in the business of making monolithic OSes that they cram down your throat on as many widely - varying devices as possible .
Apple is in the business of making complete products , for which they craft derivative OSes to fit each product .
There is a shared core OS .
There is not a shared core UI.2
If you ’re thinking The Tablet is just a big iPhone , or just Apple ’s take on the e-reader , or just a media player , or just anything , I say you ’re thinking too small — the equivalent of thinking that the iPhone was going to be just a click wheel iPod that made phone calls .
I think The Tablet is nothing short of Apple ’s reconception of personal computing .
“ Make no little plans .
They have no magic to stir men ’s blood and probably themselves will not be realized .
Make big plans ; aim high in hope and work , remembering that a noble , logical diagram once recorded will never die , but long after we are gone will be a living thing , asserting itself with ever - growing insistency .
Remember that our sons and grandsons are going to do things that would stagger us .
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty .
Think big . ”
— Daniel Burnham , Chicago architect .
( 1846-1912 )
PHILADELPHIA - Teddy Pendergrass , who became an R&B sex symbol in the 1970s and ’ 80s with his forceful , masculine voice and passionate love ballads and later became an inspirational figure after suffering a devastating car accident that left him paralyzed , died yesterday at age 59 .
The singer ’s son , Teddy Pendergrass II , said his father died at Bryn Mawr Hospital in suburban Philadelphia .
The singer underwent colon cancer surgery eight months ago and had “ a difficult recovery , ’’ his son said .
“ To all his fans who loved his music , thank you , ’’ his son said .
Pendergrass grew up in poverty in North Philadelphia .
He first became recognized as a singer with the popular Philadelphia group Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes in the late 1970s .
He left the band to start a solo career and garnered five platinum albums before suffering a spinal cord injury in the 1982 car accident .
The accident left him paralyzed from the waist down .
He spent six months in a hospital but returned to recording the next year with the album “ Love Language . ’’
“ If anything , I can sing about love and sexuality even more now because I ’ve felt a lot more of it , ’’ Pendergrass told the Globe during his recovery .
“ There are a whole lot of people around the world who have sent their love and messages , and I get them one way or the other .
I feel it or hear it in the mood of the people on the street .
You understand it .
It ’s there .
And it ’s positive . ’’
He returned to the stage at Live Aid in 1985 , performing from his wheelchair .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Taking the Carbon Out of Coal
play mute max volume play stop repeat full screen Update Required
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin
Program Summary
A company called SCS thinks it can use coal to generate electricity while cutting down 90 percent on carbon emissions — and still make a profit .
The company ’s PurGen plant , which would be located on the site where an old Dow Chemical plant used to stand near the New Jersey Turnpike in Linden , NJ , would use a technology called carbon capture and storage , or CCS .
Carbon dioxide coming from the coal would be captured and pumped in liquid form deep underground , where it would — presumably — stay .
To continue using coal while achieving an 83 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , as called for in proposed legislation being discussed in Congress , will require increasing amounts of CCS in the coming decades .
The PurGen plant would not burn coal , but rather turn it into hydrogen through a process that generates a stream of pure CO2 as a by - product .
The hydrogen would be burned to make electricity with very little air pollution — but only when the demand for electricity is high , and the plant can get a good price .
At times when demand is low , the hydrogen would be diverted and converted on - site into the chemical urea , used to make fertilizer .
The storage part of SCS 's plan involves building a two - foot - diameter pipeline to carry liquefied CO2 from the plant , under the Arthur Kill — a waterway separating New Jersey from Staten Island — and 140 miles out to a point on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean , where it would be injected and stored about 8,000 ft. beneath the sea floor in a suitable geological formation .
Supporters say the plan is a perfect solution to several problems at once — how to use the nation 's cheap , plentiful coal supply without adding heat - trapping CO2 to the air , how to provide clean electricity to a part of the country that has to import power , and how to spark a green energy industry that could help the US maintain economic leadership in a time when China and other nations are determined to wrest it away .
But not everyone thinks the PurGen project is a good idea .
For one thing , even if the plant makes electricity cleanly , the mining and transport of coal will still have environmental impacts .
For another , some worry that sequestering CO2 underground has n't been adequately tested yet .
And other critics say the money for PurGen would be better spent on solar or wind energy or energy efficiency — challenging the very premise that finding a way to use coal without carbon emissions is needed .
Credits : The News Market , Shutterstock
SANTA ANA – A federal judge on Wednesday threw out the guilty plea of Broadcom Corp. co-founder Henry Samueli , rejecting the government ’s charge against him of lying to investigators .
U.S. District Judge Cormac J. Carney made the unexpected ruling after hearing Samueli testify in the criminal accounting - fraud trial of Broadcom ’s former chief financial officer , William J. Ruehle .
Samueli , a billionaire philanthropist who also owns the Anaheim Ducks , pleaded guilty in June 2008 to lying to the Securities and Exchange Commission about his involvement with the granting of backdated stock options to Broadcom employees .
He faced up to five years in prison – and was awaiting sentencing by Carney .
Carney ’s decision comes two days after Samueli ’s defense team asked the judge to dismiss the case against him , citing leaks to the media by Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrew Stolper of private grand jury information .
Carney replied at the time that he was troubled by the allegation of government misconduct but wanted to hear Samueli testify before making a decision .
“ I am going to set aside your guilty plea and I am going to dismiss your information against you , ” Carney told Samueli Wednesday .
“ I have looked at the plea agreement .
I have listened to your testimony and you did n’t make a false material statement . ”
Samueli responded : “ You have restored my faith in the criminal justice system . …
Thank you your Honor . ”
“ I ’m very emotional , ” Samueli continued .
“ I ’m sorry .
First I have to say you are a wise and a great man … the fact that you truly understand what happened to me .
I came here to testify truthfully , and to best of my recollection .
The fact you recognized what happened here , really says a lot . ”
Prosecutors declined to comment on the judge ’s decision .
Carney reiterated his concern about alleged government misconduct .
He scheduled a hearing for Tuesday when he will consider dismissing the case against Ruehle .
Stolper on Wednesday admitted leaking some information to the media .
The judge also ordered that the U.S. Treasury return $ 12 million that Samueli agreed to pay when he pleaded guilty , but Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb Adkins clarified that the money had yet to be paid .
Outside the courtroom , Samueli said he was in shock .
“ First of all , I ’m enormously grateful to Judge Carney for seeing the truth .
…
Finally I ’m able to put this all behind me , ” he said .
He added that the government ’s case against him “ shook his belief in the criminal justice system , ” and that the case has weighed him down the last few years .
“ How do I live my life as a felon ? ” he said .
His wife , Susan , cried and hugged her husband .
She said she was “ thrilled ” the case was thrown out .
“ Henry is the most ethical man I ’ve ever met , ” she said .
“ Broadcom is the most ethical company . ”
Samueli ’s attorney , Gordon Greenberg , said it was unlikely Samueli would face any new charges in the options backdating case against Broadcom executives .
“ It ’s done from our perspective , ” Greenberg said .
Broadcom ’s chief executive , Scott McGregor , expressed “ tremendous gratitude ” for Carney ’s decision .
Samueli “ is one of the most brilliant minds of his generation , ” McGregor said in a statement .
“ Today ’s decision by the court means that Dr. Samueli will continue to devote his extraordinary engineering expertise for the best interests of Broadcom ’s employees , shareholders , and the many other businesses that rely on Broadcom ’s continued great success . ”
The Ducks issued a statement in which Samueli and his wife , Susan , thanked fans and team personnel for standing behind them “ through the entire process . ”
Earlier Wednesday , Samueli admitted he did n’t tell the truth when he told the SEC he was n’t involved in Broadcom ’s options - granting process .
“ I made that false statement and I accept it , but I bang myself in the head for making it , ” he said on the witness stand .
However , Carney told Samueli that while his answer to the SEC ’s question was “ ambiguous , evasive and arguably non-responsive , ” it did not amount to a material false statement .
Options backdating itself – granting company stock options to employees after their effective date – is not illegal , but must be reported to shareholders .
Broadcom , a Fortune 500 company which has 7,000 employees worldwide , captured headlines in 2007 when the company restated earnings by $ 2.2 billion to account for backdated options that were n’t reported .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Greg Staples cross-examined Samueli , who admitted he was minimally involved in granting stock options to employees .
He said Ruehle , and former vice - president of human resources Nancy Tullos “ were both intimately involved in the options process . ”
Tullos , a witness for the government , testified earlier in the trial that Ruehle helped facilitate the backdating of stock options and falsifying of documents at the Irvine chip manufacturer .
Register staff writers Eugene W. Fields and Mathew Padilla contributed .
HOW much is that doggy in the window ?
Waggly tail or not , owning a pet comes at a far higher cost than you might imagine .
As you watch a large dog bounding out of the back of an SUV , you might mentally reprimand the owner for their choice of vehicle .
You would do better to save your indignation for their choice of pet .
Because , as we report on page 46 , the ecological footprint of our companion animals can dwarf that of even the most gas - guzzling cars .
Man ’s best friend , it turns out , is the planet ’s enemy .
According to the authors …
Check out this latest request for applications from the U.S. National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and the National Institutes on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) :
“ Cannabis - related disorders ( CRDs ) , including cannabis abuse or dependence and cannabis induced disorders … are a major public health issue .
…
Nearly one million people are seeking treatment for marijuana dependence every year and sufficient research has been carried out to confirm that the use of cannabis can produce serious physical and psychological consequences .
“ Currently , there are no medications approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of CRDs .
Given the extent of the use of cannabis in the general population , and the medical and psychological consequences of its use … there is a great public health need to develop safe and effective therapeutic interventions .
The need to develop treatments targeting adolescents and young adults is particularly relevant in view of their disproportionate use patterns . ”
In other words , the federal government is spending millions upon millions of your dollars to solicit research to find a supposed ‘ cure ’ for alleged ‘ marijuana addiction ‘ — at the same time that it is spending virtually no money on clinical trials to assess the medical value of cannabis itself .
I try my best to cut through the BS ( “ One million people are seeking treatment ? ! ”
Um , more like 287,933 — and six out of ten of them were referred by the criminal justice system following an arrest . ) in my latest Alternet essay , “ The Feds Are Addicted to Pot — Even If You Aren’t , ” which you can read and comment on here .
Here ’s an excerpt :
The Feds Are Addicted to Pot — Even If You Aren’t
via Alternet
Marijuana ’s addiction potential may be no big deal , but it ’s certainly big business .
According to a widely publicized 1999 Institute of Medicine report , fewer than 10 percent of those who try cannabis ever meet the clinical criteria for a diagnosis of “ drug dependence ” ( based on DSM - III - R criteria ) .
By contrast , 32 percent of tobacco users and 15 percent of alcohol users meet the criteria for “ drug dependence . ”
Nevertheless , it is pot — not booze or cigarettes — that has the federal government seeing red and clinical investigators seeing green .
Read the entire article here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
One of the longest and most time consuming parts of the bootup process for any computer is the fact that the default reboot process completely turns off the computer , and returns the CPU to the very first startup task , the BIOS .
BIOS initialization and POST does a lot of steps involving test and hardware detection and initialization .
When rebooting the computer , this does n't really add any value , as these devices have already been detected and had their first initialization done .
This is where kexec comes in .
kexec is a tool that allows Ubuntu ( or any Linux distribution ) to pass control between kernels directly .
This means that when rebooting , control never get 's passed back to the BIOS for reboot , and no additional device testing or detection ( beyond that required by linux ) needs to be done .
For me , all of the initialization steps in the BIOS and GRUB before Linux takes over takes around 30 - 40 seconds .
This is a little bit longer than the average case , but I 'm sure this is a problem for a lot of people .
How to install kexec
You can install kexec in Ubuntu using the following command :
sudo apt - get install kexec
The installation will ask you if you want to replace the reboot process .
In order to have the benefits of skipping unnecessary steps in reboot , you need to choose the option that uses kexec for your reboot .
What could go wrong ?
The only problem with this is when you are attempting to actually return to the BIOS , or if you want to go back to GRUB to choose another operating system in the case where you dual boot .
This is n't that big of a deal though .
Although I have n't found a way to pass control directly to GRUB or back to the BIOS , it is possible just to choose shutdown , and then turn the computer back on after the shutdown has completed .
It does n't take any extra time , it just takes more effort as you need to press the power button on the computer .
Both relate to Ben Nelson being bought off to provide the Democrats ’ 60th vote .
Oh , and what a bribe it was !
First , David Kotok over at The Big Picture :
Senator Nelson of Nebraska sold his vote in return for special treatment for the Mutual of Omaha insurance company and for perpetual Medicaid funding for his state .
He has just set a record for pork .
I have not seen the present discounted value of an open - ended perpetual funding for Medicaid for all Nebraskans .
Believe me , the other 49 states would like to have it .
And if you are a taxpayer in the other 49 states you are going to pay for it .
Now if the good Senator had bargained the abortion issue out of his pure conviction , I would not have agreed with him but I would have respected him for having the courage and honesty to practice politics because of policy .
He argued he was maintaining his position out of conviction for an ideal and a belief .
But the reality is , he sold his 60th vote for money .
He practiced political prostitution .
Infinite future full federal Medicaid funding for Nebraskans ?
Well , I ’ll say one thing for Ben Nelson — he does n’t come as cheap as Mary Landrieu .
Of course , Ezra Klein ( or in this case @ezraklein ) thinks this is just tit - for - tat :
Every Republican whining about the deals made to pass health - care reform should demand repeal of Medicare Part D immediately .
Okay .
I ’m in .
Let ’s repeal it immediately .
Granted , I ’m a libertarian , but I think I can speak for many Republicans who were pissed off that their party in Washington ever passed Medicare Part D .
Grassroots
Republicans were upset that politicians were being bought off to pass Medicare Part D , a bill we did n’t want in the first place .
Did it ever occur to Klein that perhaps we voted Republicans out of office because they were acting too much like Democrats ?
Grassroots Democrats , however , are pissed off that Ben Nelson was paid so dearly for a bill that did n’t go far enough .
I do n’t think any Democrat is upset at buying off Ben Nelson , but they ’d probably have preferred that Reid at least got a public option or Medicare buy - in if they had to pay him off .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama said Wednesday night he will work with Congress and the military to repeal the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bars gays and lesbians from openly serving in the armed forces .
Obama made the remark in his first State of the Union speech during a short litany of civil rights issues , which included his successful hate crimes bill , a move to " crack down on equal - pay laws " and improvement of the immigration system .
" We find unity in our incredible diversity , drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution : the notion that we are all created equal , that no matter who you are or what you look like , if you abide by the law you should be protected by it , " he said .
" We must continually renew this promise .
My administration has a Civil Rights Division that is once again prosecuting civil rights violations and employment discrimination .
We finally strengthened our laws to protect against crimes driven by hate , " he said .
" This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are . "
Weigh in on the president 's address
Former Navy pilot Sen. John McCain said " it would be a mistake " to repeal the 1993 law that bars gay men and lesbians from revealing their sexual orientation , and prevents the military from asking about it .
" This successful policy has been in effect for over 15 years , and it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels , " McCain said .
" We have the best - trained , best - equipped , and most professional force in the history of our country , and the men and women in uniform are performing heroically in two wars .
At a time when our Armed Forces are fighting and sacrificing on the battlefield , now is not the time to abandon the policy . "
But in a message to Pentagon leadership , Gen. John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said it 's time to repeal the law .
" As a nation built on the principal of equality , we should recognize and welcome change that will build a stronger more cohesive military , " said Shalikashvili .
His letter was sent to Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand , D - New York , who supports repealing the policy .
The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , an organization that works with those affected by the " do n't ask , do n't tell " law , praised Obama 's call for repeal .
" We very much need a sense of urgency to get this done in 2010 , " the group said .
" We call on the president to repeal the archaic 1993 law in his defense budget currently being drafted , that is probably the only and best moving bill where DADT can be killed this year .
...
The American public , including conservatives , is overwhelmingly with the commander in chief on this one . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , flatly disagreed with the idea of ending it .
" When it comes to ' do n't ask do n't tell , ' frankly , I think it 's worked very well .
And we just ought to leave it alone , " he said to reporters Wednesday morning .
The policy prohibits openly gay men and women from serving in the U.S. armed forces .
The policy bans military recruiters or authorities from asking about an individual 's sexual orientation but also prohibits a service member from revealing that he or she is gay .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D - Michigan , supports ending the practice but wants to go about it carefully .
Levin said he did not have any details about what the president would say .
" If we do this in a way which is n't sensitive ... we could have exactly the opposite effect of what I hope will be the case -- which is to change the policy , " he said Monday .
Levin said the committee plans to hold hearings on the issue in early February , although the hearing may be with outside experts -- delaying a hearing with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm .
Michael Mullen , that had originally been promised , CNN was told by a congressional source .
Obama campaigned on the promise that he would repeal the law in his first year of office .
Speaking to the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign , in October , Obama admitted that " our progress may be taking longer than we like , " but he insisted his administration was still on track to overturn the policy .
" Do not doubt the direction we are heading and the destination we will reach , " he said .
Pentagon Spokesman Geoff Morrell deflected repeated questions about the policy at Wednesday 's Pentagon briefing , directing reporters to take their questions to the White House .
" We continue to work on this problem , " said Morrell .
" But I 'm not going to get into it with more specificity than that . "
CNN 's Ed Hornick and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .
Italians are fighting back against the surveillance society with a grass roots project designed to publicise the location of CCTV cameras – and to " out " those that have been set up contrary to Italian Law .
The " Anopticon " project , which was launched earlier this year , is a deliberate parody of the " panopticon " – an ideal prison first put forward by Jeremy Bentham in 1791 .
Its inhabitants were forced to conform to social standards , as even the slightest action they take is watched by " all - seeing " guards .
If the " panopticon " is an environment in which everything is seen , an " anopticon " would be one in which private activity remains private and free from surveillance .
The initial " Anopticon project " was started with a website launched by a Venice - based group , who used online mapping as a means to pinpoint publicly where all known CCTV sites in Venice are situated .
Since then , it has spread out to other cities , including Padova , Foggia , Urbnino and Solero .
It is also supported by a ( small ) group on Facebook .
Although the project began with the simple aim of revealing where cameras were located , it has already concluded that a high proportion of CCTVs are not lawful , in that they fail to provide the " information notice " required by Legislative Decree 196/2003 ( the Italian equivalent of the Data Protection Directive ) .
In addition to surveying camera location and legality , the project has therefore expanded recently , with a call for Italian supporters to " out " those cameras that do not comply with existing law .
This has led to a new campaign - " Denounce illegal CCTVs " – which will actively seek to identify every surveillance device that does not respect Italian data protection law ( including the need for an " information notice " ) .
Details of these devices will then be passed to the Italian Data Protection Authority .
The Anopticon project appears to be an implementation of a similar initiative proposed for the UK on the mySociety projects blog .
This is a space where individuals can put forward ideas that would aid in the maintenance of an open society .
Back in 2003 , the project proposer justified such a system as a means to " watch the watchers " , allowing the public to be instantly aware of where they are being watched and by whom .
They write :
" By inviting members of the public armed with GPS ( or able to use online mapping services to retrieve coordinates ) we can map out CCTV locations within the UK and track who owns them by their Data Protection Act signs .
Members of the public can input information about the people in control of CCTV systems to build up a picture of the organisations who are monitoring the public .
The entries can be checked by a rating and peer review system . "
According to mySociety director , Tom Steinberg , this proposal never went any further . ®
Bootnote
The Anopticon mentioned in this story should not be confused with the fictional anopticon device created by Isaac Asimov for his short story ' Anniversary ' , and hinted at in his earlier story ' Marooned Off Vesta ' .
The device in the story was so named as it focused light using force fields rather than lenses , allowing a small object the size of a pair of field glasses to function as both a microscope and a telescope .
Dear Cecil : I read somewhere years ago that when you flush the toilet with the lid open , a plume of contaminated water droplets is ejected into the air and lands on everything in the bathroom , including ( yuck ) your toothbrush .
Women I mention this to nod knowingly , but among men it is met with scorn , the common view being that this is another female scare story intended to " get us to put the top down . "
Knowing your ability to rise above petty considerations of gender , I turn to you .
Katie Wolf , Toledo , Ohio
Cecil replies :
Opinions on this topic do seem to break down along male - female lines .
“ Toilet water on your toothbrush ! ” my assistant Jane howled .
“ That ’s gross !
That ’s disgusting ! ” “ Yeah , ” said Little Ed , “ it ’s got Straight Dope written all over it . ”
You remembered right about toilet plume , although I think toilet “ aerosol ” is probably the more accurate term .
No doubt you saw something about Charles Gerba , a professor at the University of Arizona who specializes in environmental microbiology .
For those of you with a romanticized picture of the academic life , I should tell you this means he spends a lot of time crawling around public toilets and has had the cops called on him twice .
In 1975 Professor Gerba published a scientific article describing the little - known phenomenon of bacterial and viral aerosols due to toilet flushing .
The more you learn about it , the scarier it sounds .
According to Gerba , close - up photos of the germy ejecta look like “ Baghdad at night during a U.S. air attack . ”
The article ominously depicts a “ floor plan of experimental bathroom with location of gauze pads for viral fallout experiments . ”
A lot of virus fell on those gauze pads , Gerba found , and a lot of bacteria too .
In fact , significant quantities of microbes floated around the bathroom for at least two hours after each flush .
As Professor Gerba ’s research would later determine , however , the bathroom was hardly the most dangerous part of the house , microbe - wise .
The real pesthole : the kitchen sponge or dishcloth , where fecal coliform bacteria from raw meat and such could fester in a damp , nurturing ( for a germ ) environment .
Next came the kitchen sink , the bathroom sink , and the kitchen faucet handle .
The toilet seat was the least contaminated of 15 household locales studied .
“ If an alien came from space and studied the bacterial counts , ” the professor says , “ he probably would conclude he should wash his hands in your toilet and crap in your sink . ”
Talk with this guy for a few minutes and you realize that everything people think they know about household cleanliness is wrong .
You think a guy ’s apartment is bound to be germier than a woman’s ?
Uh-uh .
Single men tended to have lower bacteria counts , since they never cleaned and thus did n’t spread the crud around .
( Remember this , lads , it may be useful ammunition someday . )
Women ’s public restrooms contained twice as much fecal bacteria as men’s , probably because the women were accompanied by sanitary napkins , grimy small children , and babies in need of a change .
Another thing .
You think maybe the laundry room is germ free ?
Feh .
The place is a sty due to fecal matter on underwear .
Despite what some believe , however , doorknobs and handles in public restrooms are relatively clean .
Perhaps you think this talk of contamination is just paranoid squeamishness .
You wish .
Fifty to eighty percent of all food - borne illnesses originate in the home .
Food - borne pathogens cause 6.5 million cases of gastroenteritis and 9,000 deaths per year .
Home contamination is blamed for 20 percent of food - poisoning cases , more than any other source .
What to do ?
Most guys will happily go on wallowing in filth , but Professor Gerba offers these tips for everybody else :
Wipe down sinks and drains each day with a cleanser containing chlorine bleach .
This will knock out 99.9 percent of fecal organisms .
Countertops , appliances , and faucet handles should get the treatment two or three times a week , and toilets , tubs , and showers once a week .
Use separate cutting boards for meat and vegetables , lest you transfer germs from one to the other .
Throw cutting boards , kitchen sponges , and dishcloths in the dishwasher ( or , in the case of the latter items , the washing machine ) after use .
Alternatively , soak them for five minutes in a sink full of water containing a cup of bleach .
When doing laundry , make underwear the last load .
Do n’t sort by colors ( or at least do n’t put colored underwear with other colored items ) .
Use chlorine bleach , which will clean both the clothes and your washing machine .
Use bleach tablets in your toilet bowl .
And take it from me , if you do nothing else , put your toothbrush back in the medicine cabinet after use .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Occupation is already finished , soldiers withdrawn .
Trespassing of iranian soldiers in Iraq .
Troops of Teheren - according referred by a ufficial iraq source - have been entered in iraqi territory , stayin some hours in oil field of Fakka , along of border between two countries .
According local tv , soldiers have hoisted a flag of Islamic Republic .
After some hours later soldiers have withdrawn , reentering in iranian territory .
The News :
http://www.tgcom.med … articolo468993.shtml
http://www.corriere.
… e-00144f02aabc.shtml
The historian Elizabeth Fraterrigo asks us to accept a somewhat unlikely premise , which is this : A titty magazine that has been culturally irrelevant since the late 1970s was at the forefront of many of this nation ’s most important social upheavals and reconfigurations .
It is to her book ’s credit — and , it must be said , to Playboy ’s — that one closes her book largely convinced that she is right .
The collapse of the U.S. Postal System ’s de facto censorship apparatus ?
Playboy had a hand in that .
Changing attitudes about sex outside of marriage ?
Playboy was part of this , too .
The specious notion that a high - earning , free - spending bachelor is some kind of epicurean rebel ?
Playboy yet again .
The feminist movement ?
Playboy “ was partly responsible ” for it , as Gloria Steinem once admitted .
The now common glossy - magazine practice of advertising luxuries that readers cannot possibly afford ?
Thank you , Playboy .
The idea that a man could have fine clothes , a sweet smell , an uncorked Bordeaux , and remain masculine ?
Yes , believe it or not , Playboy paved the way for metrosexuality , too .
Never a great magazine , though often a very good one , Playboy was and remains iconic , and there is probably a wonderful narrative history to be written about it .
This is not that book , and Fraterrigo ’s tone is frequently dry enough to make you worry that her effort will spontaneously combust from the heat of a reading lamp .
What she has written is a careful , wide - ranging account as much about American postwar urban culture as about Playboy itself .
There is a long and interesting chapter on Helen Gurley Brown and the rise of the Single Girl , for instance , perceptive citations from Organization Man lit like Sloan Wilson ’s The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit and Richard Yates ’s Revolutionary Road , and some truly fascinating stuff about Hugh Hefner himself .
The early Playboy sought the eyes and minds of what Fraterrigo calls “ the young , affluent , urban bachelor , ” and the first issue was pitched by Hefner as “ a little diversion from the anxieties of the Atomic Age . ”
These anxieties were not only about being barbequed by Soviet nukes ; for the American male , they included having to marry the first woman you had sex with , living with your parents ( thanks to a dire postwar housing shortage ) , and feeling emasculated by the new nature of American work , no longer artisanal or rugged or self - determining but managerial and inchoate and soul - stranglingly indoor .
This was , in fact , the young Hefner ’s life , and he loathed it .
In 1953 , he was a struggling cartoonist with a wife and child ; the Chicago Daily News profiled him in a lifestyles piece as a model of suburban bonhomie .
A year later , Playboy was launched .
Soon enough Hefner was a millionaire bachelor with an estranged daughter , Christie .
( They would not reconnect until after she graduated from college , and she would eventually run the Playboy empire . )
In terminating a certain kind of life for himself , Hefner also terminated it for a generation of American men-- if not in fact then at least as the ideal .
While his current existence -- with its carousel of Viagra , twentysomething blonds , and fresh pajama bottoms -- seems a rather nightmarish gauntlet for an eighty - year - old to run , Hefner has avoided the fate suffered by so many American public figures : he is utterly free of phoniness .
Unfortunately , this has come at the cost of seeming utterly ridiculous , though he does not seem to mind .
Boy , two , is snatched by social workers after mother refused doctor 's advice to feed him junk food
Like many toddlers , Zak Hessey was a fussy eater who refused his mother 's healthy home cooking .
Concerned about his falling weight , his parents sought the advice of doctors .
That simple act triggered a shocking chain of events that led to the youngster being put into foster care for four months .
Paul and Lisa Hessey believe in the long - term benefits of healthy eating and rejected advice to feed their two - year - old son high - calorie snack food such as chocolate , crisps and cakes .
Taken into care : Zak Hessey was placed in a foster home for four months because his parents refused advice to feed him junk food
To their horror , social workers put Zak into foster care ' to assess his needs ' and allegedly threatened the couple with the loss of their parental rights if they fought the decision in court .
' I was absolutely devastated , I broke down in tears , ' recalled Mrs Hessey , 48 .
' I was scared out of my wits .
I phoned Paul to tell him and he just broke down on the phone . '
But they went to court and , after four months , Zak returned home with the blessing of social services , who accepted he had good and caring parents .
Zak is now putting on some weight , but his eating problems were not cured by his time in the care of ' experts ' and , much to the annoyance of his parents , he has acquired a taste for junk food .
Mrs Hessey , of Bolsover , near Chesterfield , said : ' I thought I was doing the right thing going to the best people for advice when Zak began to lose weight .
Heartbroken : Lisa Hessey was told she would have her parental rights taken away in court if she opposed a decision to place Zak in care
' Instead they basically accused me of neglecting him and implied it was all my fault .
I have four other children and they are perfectly healthy , it was just that Zak was refusing food for some reason .
They said I should just feed Zak chocolate , cakes and junk food just to get calories into him .
But I objected , saying that was only a short - term answer and not a proper solution .
' The Government and doctors are always drumming into parents the importance of healthy eating - yet they were telling us to feed Zak all the wrong things .
' That is obviously what they were doing when he was in foster care so now it is hard to get him to eat anything else . '
Mrs Hessey and her 48 - year - old husband , a lorry driver , took Zak to see a paediatrician at Chesterfield Royal Hospital in July .
He was 20 months old and weighed 1st 3lb .
Mrs Hessey , whose four other children are under ten , said she was happy for Zak to be admitted for a two - week hospital assessment and was hit by a thunderbolt when she went to collect him on July 24 .
She was taken into a room with a nurse and social worker who apparently told her : ' We would like Zak to go into foster care to assess how he feeds .
You have legal rights but be warned if you oppose this we will go straight to court and have all your parental rights taken away . '
Mrs Hessey said : ' They kept saying , " If you love Zak and you want the best for him then you 'll agree to this " .
They said we had been negative about eating .
That was because they had been telling us we should feed Zak crisps , chocolate and cakes to get calories into him .
' I was questioning that approach .
We eat proper home - made food at our house and just have chocolate and cakes as a treat . '
Fussy eater : Zak Hessey , two , has now acquired a taste for junk food after social workers tried to make him gain weight
She agreed to Zak going into care after hearing to the possible repercussions if she objected .
Initially she and her husband could n't see Zak for six days .
After hiring a solicitor , they were allowed three hours a day with him during the week in the company of a social worker .
The first hearing before the family court in Derby was on September 2 and the case was adjourned for two weeks .
Interim care orders were imposed and Zak returned home following a third court hearing on November 18 .
By this stage social workers had lifted their objections - and he had put on only 1lb .
Mrs Hessey said : ' Social services did a complete about turn .
They admitted that in foster care Zak was exactly the same with his food as he was at home .
' They said we were very good parents .
I still find it hard to come to terms with how we have been treated . '
Derbyshire County Council said : ' We only take a child into our care either with the consent of the parents or following very careful consideration by a court . '
A spokesman for Chesterfield Royal Hospital said : ' While we understand Mr and Mrs Hessey 's distress , Zak 's welfare was paramount and we believe we acted in his best interest . '
The Chinese winner would have gone on to the Worldwide Mr Gay contest A Chinese gay pageant , said to be the first held in the country , was ordered by police to close an hour before opening , organisers say .
The Mr Gay China event was thought to mark a new openness toward the gay community in China .
Organisers said police informed them it could not go ahead because they had not applied " according to the procedures " .
Homosexuality was illegal in China until 1997 , and officials described it as a mental illness until 2001 .
The event 's organiser , Ben Zhang , said he had been hoping the event would mark another step towards greater awareness of gay people in China .
One of the judges , Weng Xiaogang , told the AFP news agency : " In my opinion , I believe it [ the cancellation ] had something to do with the issue of homosexuality . "
The eight contestants were competing for the right to represent China at the Worldwide Mr Gay pageant next month in Norway .
The whole world was thinking China was doing a very good thing .
But now I think everybody will be disappointed .
Jiang Bo Mr Gay China contestant
The event , in an upmarket Beijing nightclub , would have included a fashion show and question - and - answer sessions with the contestants .
Some 150 people who turned up to watch , many of them from media organisations , were left to view a deserted stage .
Contestant Jiang Bo , 29 , told Reuters : " It 's a disaster .
I 'm full of disappointment .
I thought the government was becoming more and more tolerant .
" They were making a big step .
The whole world was thinking China was doing a very good thing .
But now I think everybody will be disappointed . "
In June last year , the organisers of China 's first Gay Pride Festival were told to cancel two of their sessions - and that they would face " severe consequences " if they went ahead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Daniel Johnson :
We should begin with Keynes .
Robert , you ’ve just published an important new book , The Return of the Master , which has already had a great impact here and abroad .
Why is this great economist , who died more than half a century ago , still in your view the key thinker for those who want to understand the present situation , and what part of his legacy do you think is the most important ?
Robert Skidelsky :
He still provides the best explanation of how economies can crash , and also of how they can then stay in a depressed state for a long time .
He overturned the classical view of his time — which actually was then revived — that markets are always efficient and that economies are always self - correcting without very much trouble .
The effect of his theory was to give governments a definite role in both preventing big upsets , and , if big disturbances occurred , in getting economies out of the holes they were liable to stumble into and remain in for a long time .
DJ : Tim , you too respect Keynes as an economist , but I think you take a slightly different view from Robert ’s about what part of his legacy matters now .
Tim Congdon : Keynes wrote a lot about the Gold Standard , and indeed about many different currency standards — his first book was about the Indian monetary system , of all things — and he realised that in the 20th century we could n’t base our monetary regime on gold , or indeed on any precious metal .
We needed to manage the currency , and manage it with a view to achieving price stability and a stable economy which would generate , as far as possible , high employment .
I agree with all of that entirely .
The debates are about the extent of his enthusiasm for fiscal policy , for high government spending and for a large state sector .
Robert has written a wonderful biography of Keynes , which I think will be definitive .
But even that biography shows that Keynes had second thoughts about whether it really was a good thing for governments to be trying actively to manage the economy through budget policy .
DJ : Robert , how much do you think the present stimulus policies that have been very widely adopted across the Western world owe to Keynes , and are they working ?
Was this the right way to go , in your view ?
RS : The stimulus has come in two forms .
There ’s been a monetary stimulus , that is to say that governments have printed money ; and there ’s been a fiscal stimulus , that is that their budget deficits have expanded .
And both are in the mould of Keynes .
Without Keynes they might not have done any of these things , and the test of that is that before , in the actual Great Depression , governments did all the wrong things .
And that ’s one of the reasons why the economy slid down , all the way , 12 quarters of decline .
The effect of the present combination of policies has been to cut off the decline after four or five quarters .
It has n’t brought a definitive recovery yet .
In Britain the last quarter ’s figures still show a continuing decline , a small one , and we do n’t really know how vigorous the recovery will be .
So there ’s still a lot to do .
What this shows is that , despite very substantial boosts to spending , when you get a shock like this , when the banking system implodes , you really are in a very deep hole , and it ’s very difficult to get out of it .
And it would have tested all of even Keynes ’s ingenuity to know what the best method of escape is and what the restoration of normal levels of activity — that is trend rate of growth — would take .
TC : There are a couple of things there that I do n’t agree with .
Robert is a great economic historian , so I should defer to you . . .
RS : But you wo n’t !
TC : No , I wo n’t .
The first thing is that it ’s absolutely right that the problem in the 1930s was the banking system imploding .
But I would say that you can interpret what happened in the 1930s very much in monetary terms , and that the problem , particularly in America , was the collapse in the quantity of money : a roughly 35 - 40 per cent collapse in the quantity of money , according to work done by [ Milton ] Friedman and [ Anna ] Schwartz in their great Monetary History of the United States .
And actually , what turned things round was n’t fiscal policy , it was an aggressively expansionary monetary policy that became possible when America left the Gold Standard in 1933 .
And if you look at the numbers you ’ll see that there was very rapid growth of US money from 1933 to 1936 .
The banking system had its problems and credit to the private sector was very weak .
But the government borrowed on a vast scale from the banking system and created money .
So this was a case of managing the currency to boost the economy in a recession , something I very much would have agreed with if I ’d been there then .
By the way , Keynes advocated similar things in the UK to those done in America , and I ’m advocating a similar approach at the moment in this country .
So that ’s one area of disagreement .
The second area is that you say governments are printing money .
If you look at the numbers , monetary growth in the last nine months in America , the eurozone and Japan has been nil .
There ’s been a bit of monetary growth here in the UK , but that ’s because of the specific policies — quantitative easing , targeted on the quantity of money — the Bank of England has been pursuing .
This is so , so important .
There is a huge debate at the moment about the relevance of both Keynes and Friedman and monetary economics .
Where I disagree with you is that I believe that it ’s vital in these circumstances to emphasise the quantity of money and to argue for raising its growth rate .
That ’s what really matters , not budgetary policy , not fiscal deficits .
And there we disagree , I ’m afraid , almost totally .
RS : I would agree with one thing : of course , in the early 1930s being on the Gold Standard was a great constraint on monetary policy , and once America got off the Gold Standard then it became easier and monetary conditions eased .
And that was also true of Britain after 1931 .
But I would say that the crucial thing in a recovery is not the growth of the money supply — that is the growth of bank money , money produced by the central bank — but the growth of
aggregate spending , and the connection between these two is actually not a close one , especially not in abnormal times .
In normal times , and this was one of the things Friedman ’s book did establish , there is a stable relationship between the supply of money and , in the old equation , the speed with which it ’s spent .
And that of course does suggest that a simple increase in the quantity of money will cause output and prices to rise in the same proportion .
But when things are as disturbed as they now are , and when both banks and companies are actually hoarding money and sitting on cash balances , then I think you have to establish a much stronger connection between money and velocity than Tim has been able to do .
The important thing is to get aggregate spending up , and the surest way to do this is by the government spending the money itself .
And even in that case , some of the money might be saved and one can argue about the size of what ’s called the multiplier , how much extra government spending induces additional private spending .
One can argue about all that , but it ’s the spending that ’s the important thing , not the quantity of money in itself .
TC : This all goes back a very long way , with one of the best statements on the problem being by Irving Fisher in 1911 .
If the government and central bank take action to increase the amount of money , if the banking system then expands its deposit liabilities , the quantity of money grows .
Suppose the quantity of money increases by , say , 50 per cent .
Is there then a change in people ’s and companies ’ desired ratio of money to their income and wealth ?
The evidence is overwhelming , from all countries , from all periods , that the desired ratio does not change .
Alternatively , the velocity of circulation is not affected by changes in the level or rate of growth of money .
What that means is that if the quantity of money rises by 10 or 15 per cent , it is very likely that the equilibrium level of the national income will also rise by 10 or 15 per cent .
RS : In the long run .
TC : You ’re going ask about lags — again this is Friedman ’s work , which , by the way , I ’ve spent 30 years looking at and trying to comment on the numbers …
RS : It does n’t take that long .
TC : The lag between money and output is very short .
In fact we had a very vivid demonstration of this in the middle of 2008 .
We had gone in this country from roughly a 12 per cent growth of money in late 2006 and early 2007 to nil in the middle of 2008 .
In fact , in mid-2008 companies ’ money holdings were actually falling .
And what happened to the economy ?
You went from quasi - boom conditions to an appalling recession , with hardly any lag at all .
The facts speak for themselves .
The critical thing about what the Bank of England has done with quantitative easing is to have tried to bring back a positive rate of monetary growth .
That is what really matters to the economy .
To a large extent the fiscal deficit is a distraction and of no importance .
RS : I do n’t agree with that .
I think you said in some correspondence we had , “ find me an economy where a 10 per cent boost to real , broad money in six months has not boosted asset prices , demand etc ” — in other words , talking about demand .
The explanation lies in what happened to velocity .
It was the fall in the velocity of circulation — of the demand for , and supply of , loans — which produced the initial fall in the money supply .
There was a loss of confidence , banks stopped lending , companies stopped borrowing .
And the recovery now depends on banks lending more and people spending and borrowing more , not on a simple increase in Bank money .
In the long run , I agree that there is a stable relationship between the quantity of money and the
velocity of circulation , but in the long run , as Keynes famously said , we are all dead .
TC : There is a problem with the money numbers at the moment in the UK .
Three or four years ago , banks were creating semi- bank subsidiaries , to bypass capital rules .
Deposits have been held in those subsidiaries , and they have been doing all sorts of very odd things in the last year or two .
Because of that , the Bank of England has correctly taken out these semi- bank deposits from the measure of money they and other economists look at .
This measure is called M4x , with the “ x ” denoting that they ’ve excluded these semi- bank deposits .
And the relationship between that M4x measure and what ’s happened to demand in the economy shows that this was the driving force behind this cyclical episode , as it was behind the cyclical episode in the late 1980s , the boom - bust then , and the boom - bust in the early 1970s and mid ’ 70s , both of which I ’ve written about at some length .
If you ’re running a business , how much money you have in the bank is critical .
And if all the businesses in the country find that their cash balance — the amount of money they have in the bank — is being squeezed , then you will get a thumping great big recession .
And I ’m afraid the latest episode is dramatic confirmation of the relevance of money to macroeconomic outcomes .
To end the recession you need more money in the economy : that is the critical point .
RS : Of course you need more money in the economy .
It ’s the relationship between money and the real economy that is crucial .
I would agree — banks have to lend more , and it ’s also the case that people have to want to borrow more , and that depends on companies ’ profit expectations .
What I think you ’re missing from the whole thing is the issue of psychology and confidence .
Let me go back to a point that you made earlier , which is that fiscal policy is irrelevant .
Certainly , the amount of discretionary fiscal stimulus has been quite small so far , though more is coming on .
But that excludes the automatic stabilisers .
In fact the government has been running a very large fiscal deficit .
Despite this huge injection of money into the banking system , Mervyn King himself said : “ The recovery has n’t happened . ”
If this is the best that monetary policy can do , we certainly need fiscal policy as well .
TC : Let ’s just think about what you just said .
RS : I always try to .
TC : Let ’s just be clear about what you ’ve just said .
You said there has been a discretionary fiscal boost so far .
RS : Yes , of 1.4 per cent GDP .
TC : OK , and do you think that has really been critical , is boosting the economy ?
RS : No .
I ’ve said that there have been two types of fiscal expansion : the discretionary boost , and the effect of the automatic stabilisers .
TC : OK , so now let me ask you , how do you explain the recession ?
What has caused it ?
RS : The recession started before any of these recovery programmes .
We had the sub - prime collapse .
We had the financial innovations and a huge explosion of securitisation , which were all based on risk control models which Keynes would have said claimed far more than they could deliver .
We had a big increase in oil and commodity prices .
We had , in the background , the global imbalances between China and the United States — in a Keynesian analysis ,
excess saving in China and excess spending , based on very cheap money , in America , without really a very strong investment , so that a lot of it went into asset bubbles and consumer indebtedness .
A lot of these things come together .
All great crashes are multi-caused .
And the same is true of the Great Depression itself .
Now I do n’t know where this leads exactly , but its effect was a credit freeze , which started in September 2007 , when banks stopped lending to each other and to their customers , and the real economy started to wind down .
There was a big collapse in aggregate demand globally , and once that had started , it went on , because of the multiplied effects of the initial drop in aggregate spending .
TC : Keynes was a great monetary economist , and his favoured measure of money was one that included all bank deposits — that ’s very clear from an explicit footnote in the General Theory and the rest of his work .
And therefore we ’d expect , if Keynes ’s theory was right , that at least part of the background of this recession would be a collapse in the rate of growth of money .
You ’d also think that if you had read Friedman ’s work .
Then look at the data , and that ’s exactly what we find : we find that in America , we find it here too .
So if you ask me what the dominant cause is I would say that the banking system got into trouble , pressure was wrongly put on the banking system to shrink risk assets , and the result was that the growth of money , which had already been fading from the middle of 2007 , then collapsed last year .
We ended up with this ghastly recession .
The discussion of this recession can be pursued in terms that Keynes would have found familiar in the 1930s , and would have had have no difficulty with , and in those discussions the quantity of money would have been basic .
RS : It would n’t .
That ’s where you ’re wrong .
Of course any recession is accompanied by a collapse in the amount of money in the economy .
The question is what causes that collapse ?
And for Keynes it was always a decrease in the demand for loans that was the causative factor in the collapse in the supply of money .
TC : Now Robert , I ’m going to cause you a problem : I want quotes for that , please .
RS : No you ca n’t — that is just a debating point .
TC : It ’s quite important , because I ’ve read Keynes , and you ’re not right .
RS : I am right .
There were two elements in Keynes .
What he thought was that you could offset , up to a point , a collapse in the demand for loans by increasing the supply of money .
And by collapse in the demand for loans he simply meant that when confidence fell , liquidity preference increased , and you could try and fight the increase in liquidity preference by flooding the banking system with money .
But the basic cause of the collapse of the money supply was a collapse in the demand for loans , and you can follow that in his chapters on long - term expectations , and on the rate of interest .
And here ’s another quote — you asked for a quote , and you supplied the quote yourself , let me read you your quote .
You say : “ If there is some tendency to a measure of long - run uniformity in the state of liquidity preference ” — an important proviso — “ there may well be some sort of rough relationship between the national income and the quantity of money , taken as a mean over periods of pessimism and optimism together . ”
That is a long - run relationship , and it depends on an assumption that liquidity preference stays the same .
And that assumption is not in Keynes , it ’s not in the General Theory , it just is n’t .
TC : It ’s certainly true that Keynes claimed that problems in the economy arise because of instability in the demand to hold money balances .
That is certainly part of his theory .
Empirically , he ’s wrong .
RS : He ’s not wrong .
How do you explain today ?
Although there ’s been substantial quantitative easing , the actual growth in the demand for loans has been small , and in fact , I quoted you these figures already : net lending in July fell in the UK at its fastest pace since records began in 1993 .
TC : Look , bank deposits and bank loans are totally different things .
RS : Does n’t matter , I know that .
It ’s the demand for loans that ’s important .
TC : Oh no , it ’s not .
RS : : Oh yes it is , of course it is .
You can make credit facilities available , it ’s the spending that matters .
TC : Let ’s get this absolutely straight in terms of definitions .
Liquidity preference is the demand to hold money balances .
Is that correct or not ?
RS : Liquidity preference is the demand to hold money balances , yes .
And that can fluctuate .
TC : And national income is determined by the interaction between the quantity of money created by the banking system , which does indeed depend partly upon loans to the private sector , and the demand to hold money .
But money can be created by the state if it borrows from the banks .
Bank lending to the private sector is not necessary at all .
RS : I would n’t put it that way .
TC : That ’s the way Keynes puts it .
RS : No it is n’t :
The national income was made up of consumption and investment .
Consumption was stable , investment was unstable .
That ’s why you had fluctuations in national income and output .
TC : At the end of chapter seven of the General Theory he states what I just stated — it is actually the opening quotation in my last book , which you very kindly commented on .
That is Keynes ’s basic theory of the monetary determination of the national income .
RS : It ’s not , no Keynesian would agree with you .
I mean you ’re almost alone .
Look , you should be on your own in this , and not bring in Keynes .
You ’ve got a view of things …
TC : I ’ve given you a quote .
RS : But I ’ve given you the whole theory , not just an odd quote .
Anyone can extract quotes out of the context of the whole framework .
TC : There is a very nice summary of the General Theory that was done immediately after its publication by John Hicks where he said that Keynes actually has two theories .
He has the theory that national income is a multiple of investment , and the multiplier is the reciprocal of the marginal propensity to save .
And there ’s also the monetary theory .
And the monetary theory is one in which the demand to hold money balances ( L ) is equal to the amount of money created by the banking system ( M ) which goes into the LM curve in the IS - LM diagram .
That is basic theory .
The monetary element in Keynes is a very major element , and I have just stated what his theory was , and I am correct about that .
RS : One bit of his theory .
TC : That was his theory throughout .
RS : You ’ve just said there were two theories — now you say there ’s one theory .
TC : His monetary theory was the theory I ’ve just described that did n’t change .
RS : But his General Theory …
TC : He then added this idea , which of course is the theory that you like and that the Keynesians like , that income is a multiple of investment .
And from that they went on to say that , because capitalism is inefficient , unstable and so on , and when there is n’t enough private investment , the government should come in as well .
So the second element in Keynes , this multiplier theory , the fiscalist element , then led to the standard Keynesian argument that you need fiscal policy , you need a larger state sector , you need budget deficits , and all of this kind of stuff .
I know it ’s there , Robert — I do n’t agree with it .
However , I am correct that a much larger part of Keynes ’s work is actually about money .
RS : You always say “ I am correct . ”
Please allow yourself a moment or two of doubt .
I think that most Keynesians , including Keynes himself , thought that the savings - investment analysis was the fundamental one .
It relates to his view as to why economies collapse .
The General Theory has two chapters on the consumption function , he has four chapters on the investment function , including the role of the rate of interest .
The bulk of the book is about the relationship between saving and investment .
It is true that Keynes did not believe that you could recover from a deep recession simply by borrowing money from the public ; in other words , by increasing the government ’s debt .
He did n’t think you could do that because he thought there was a danger of financial crowding - out , unless you increase the quantity of money .
And he thought that increasing the quantity of money was an absolutely essential part of a recovery process — it was necessary because it would lower the cost at which government had to borrow .
In other words , it was part of deficit finance .
And you say this in the article you wrote in January — you admit this .
You say : “ Money creation is a way for the government to finance its budget deficit . ”
Now , Keynes would agree with that , of course he would .
But budget deficit is the point here .
It ’s the budget deficit that ’s crucial , and increasing the money supply is a way of financing the budget deficit without driving up short - term rates of interest .
Now I think he accepted that .
But why , despite the fact that there was a slump going on , was the existing supply of money not enough ?
Because he did think that people were increasing their money balances .
That was characteristic of the decline in investment .
TC : Robert , I do n’t follow .
You were saying the reason there was n’t enough money was because people were increasing their money balances …
RS : Hoarding — they were increasing their hoarding , or their propensity to hoard .
And that was why , if the government was trying to borrow money from the public in order to spend and people were increasing their hoarding or their desire to hoard at the same time , there would be a tendency for the rate of interest to go up .
And it was to counteract that that he wanted the money supply increased .
That ’s all very clear , not in the General Theory so clearly , but in an article he wrote in 1937 when he conceded that there might be some financial crowding - out even though the resources were seriously unemployed .
TC : So in that period Keynes thought that an increase in the quantity of money was important to recovery ?
RS : He did .
He thought it might be a necessity but he never thought it would be a sufficient condition .
TC : So you ’d agree that at the moment it ’s a good thing to have an increase in the quantity of money ?
RS : Yes , yes !
TC : Good .
RS : I ’ve never denied it .
You know this idea that Keynes wanted larger governments , that he wanted an enormously bigger economic size of the state , is rubbish .
He actually doubted whether government should spend more than 25 per cent of the national income .
He did n’t want a permanent increase in the size of the state , but he made a big distinction between when you ’re in a slump and when you ’re in normal times .
In normal times you want to balance the budget and have as low a rate of taxation as is compatible with economic growth and these kinds of things .
This is all true — you ca n’t make Keynes out to be this monster who wanted the size of the state to grow and grow and grow .
TC : The Keynesians certainly thought like that , and that ’s why I find your emphasis on the fiscalist multiplier side of Keynes very disappointing .
But can I just pick up a couple of issues ?
The first is to explain why , despite the Bank of England ’s enormous quantitative easing programme in 2009 , we still have low growth of the quantity of money .
By the way , can I actually make clear that bank lending is n’t by itself terribly important to all this ?
The important variable is the quantity of money , the quantity of money in bank accounts .
And what ’s happened is that , since last autumn , the banks have been under huge pressure to raise their capital / asset ratios .
This has meant that they ’ve been reducing their risk assets , their loans and to some extent their holdings of risky securities .
They ’ve also been raising lots of capital rather than issuing deposits .
So the result of those forces has been to deduct something like about £ 150 - £ 200 billion from the quantity of money in the last year or so .
Against that , quantitative easing had added about £ 150 - £ 200 billion to the quantity of money .
If we had n’t had quantitative easing the quantity of money in this country would have fallen in the last year by about five to ten per cent , which is n’t that different from the rate of money contraction seen in the American Great Depression .
So quantitative easing has prevented a calamity .
Money growth has n’t risen very much , but it has n’t collapsed and that is a very good thing .
I ’m pretty sure , by the way , that Keynes would not have disapproved of that .
RS : No , I agree with you .
TC : And that ’s quite important — I think Keynes would have blessed quantitative easing .
And further on that , my second point , which is crucial .
The state can create money in at least two ways .
One way is , if it ’s running a budget deficit , to finance that budget deficit from the banking system , either the commercial banks or in the extreme the central bank .
OK , every economist knows that .
But there ’s another way of doing it , which is to run a responsible fiscal policy and to monetise the existing public debt .
And what I advocated in my pamphlet earlier this year on How to End the Recession was not to increase the budget deficit .
I in fact put an increase in the budget deficit in the category of “ bad and / or uninteresting ideas ” .
Instead my proposal was that the government and the Bank of England , working together , should monetise the existing debt .
How ?
What about the mechanics ?
The government borrows from the commercial banks , the government then has a new deposit created for itself , and the government then uses that deposit to buy back its own long - dated debt .
The result is to create new deposits , new money , in private sector hands .
Do you know where I got this idea from , Robert ?
I got it from Keynes .
RS : Yeah , yeah .
TC : And the polemical point is that quantitative easing is n’t actually very original .
The problem is that this part of Keynes ’s work has been neglected by the Keynesians , who are so obsessed by all the fiscal stuff that they have neglected his monetary work .
And all through the 1930s , you ’re correct , there was this fiscalist agenda in Keynes ’s writings .
In my view the agenda was mistaken and dangerous , but of course it was there .
However , there was also , very strongly , advocacy of expansionary market operations , which Keynes called monetary policy à outrance .
And all I ’ve been doing in 2009 is advocating essentially the same policy .
DJ : Is there one measure that either of you would advise the present or a new government to take to lift us out of this recession ?
TC : The most important thing is to use debt management policy , open market operations , interest rate policy — all the available weapons — to make sure that the rate of growth of money ( really meaning bank deposits ) remains positive .
Not at an excessive rate , but at a rate that means that balance sheets , asset prices and so on remain satisfactory throughout the economy .
So the most important thing is a positive rate of monetary growth , not too fast , not too slow , just a steady rate of monetary growth , about five per cent a year .
RS : I would say that you certainly have to try and use all your instruments to maintain a rate of monetary growth , but to me that depends on fiscal policy and not just monetary policy .
I ’ve always thought that it ’s a matter of causation , and there ’s a very complicated pattern of causation between money and the real economy , and you have to make sure that the real economy grows — that is the important thing .
In other words , you have to overcome the output gap , which is projected about five per cent — the economy will have contracted by five per cent by the end of this year .
You have to stop the growth of unemployment .
Tim keeps saying you ’ve got to ensure that money supply grows by five per cent and that ’ll cure these other problems .
I do n’t think it will on its own , and that ’s been the nub of the disagreement between us .
I think there ’ll have to be another boost , I do n’t think it ’s going to be quite V - shaped , I think we ’ll drag along the bottom in a very mediocre condition for some time to come , and I think to ameliorate this there has to be more government spending .
And that is coming on line — there are very big projects .
To my mind the trouble with fiscal policy has always been the time it takes — the lags are probably longer than in monetary policy , unless you just give people money to spend ; poor people particularly will spend more of the money they ’re given than wealthier people .
If I gave Tim £ 1,000 , he might not go out and spend it all , particularly if he was a banker — he might think that if he lends it to people he might lose it all .
So he might not lend it , and if it goes into buying assets , that ’s one way of doing it .
But it ’s not clear how the increase in wealth flows into the real economy or to big sections of the real economy .
I think those are the points we might disagree on .
TC : Can I say one more thing ?
I believe that in an article in the Sunday Telegraph you proposed that everyone should be given spending vouchers by the state , to encourage them to buy more …
RS : Spending on British - made goods , I should say .
TC : Never mind that .
The British public has something like £ 1,000 billion worth of spending vouchers at the moment — they call them bank deposits .
And British companies have a further £ 250 billion of spending vouchers , and financial institutions also have another £ 400 billion or so of spending vouchers .
Ask yourself , “ What is so special about adding another £ 20 - 30 billion in spending vouchers ? ”
And if you think that these spending vouchers are so important , then why are you lukewarm about an increase in the quantity of money ?
Because spending vouchers and bank deposits seem to me to be the same thing .
RS : I do n’t think they are the same thing .
It depends on who gets the spending voucher .
DJ : You would want people at the bottom of society to get them …
RS : … whose propensity to save is very low , who may not have bank accounts or have very small bank accounts .
You ’ll get a bigger bang per buck if you direct the new money to those people than if you direct it to people who have a lot to lose by their spending .
PALESTINIAN PRESIDENT
Mahmoud Abbas has said he is ready to resume peace talks with Israel as soon as all settlement activity is frozen .
Mr Abbas was speaking after meeting Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak to discuss a US plan for a Palestinian state by 2012 .
According to the Cairo daily Al - Ahram , the US proposes negotiations restart as soon as possible .
The should begin with the border between Israel and Palestine , with the aim of reaching agreement before the end of Israel ’s restri- ctions on settlement construction in the West Bank .
The status of occupied East Jerusalem , demanded by Palestinians as the capital of their future state , and the fate of five million Palestinian refugees would be discussed in subsequent negotiations .
Washington would guarantee the two - year deadline for the creation of a Palestinian state would be met .
Moreover , Israel would retain significant settlement blocs in exchange for the transfer of territory to Palestine .
Washington has , apparently , pledged to back Egypt ’s call on Israel to halt all settlement activity in East Jerusalem and the West Bank .
The US has also backed the call for the release of high - profile Palestinian prisoners and trans - fer of West Bank land to Palestinian control as confidence - building measures .
The Abbas - Mubarak meeting follows a summit between the Egyptian leader and Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu during which Mr Netanyahu agreed to discuss all issues in final status talks and accepted the two - year time frame .
He had previously said he would not speak about refugees or East Jerusalem .
On Sunday , Mr Abbas met Egyptian intelligence chief Omar Suleiman .
Mr Suleiman is the official in charge of reconciliation talks between Hamas and Fatah .
This encounter coincided with a meeting in Riyadh between Saudi foreign minister Saud al Faisal , and Khalid Mish’al , head of Hamas ’s politburo , after which he announced that a deal was in “ final stages ” .
This would place Gaza under a commission headed by Mr Abbas until presidential and parliamentary elections are held in June .
Egypt and Saudi Arabia have been trying to end the Hamas - Fatah rift since Hamas won the 2006 legislative election .
Palestinian unity is seen as essential for progress in talks with Israel .
Fatah signed the Egyptian reconciliation plan but Hamas , which accepted the deal before Fatah , has not signed .
Mr Abbas urged Hamas to send a delegation to Cairo and sign .
Was this comic written for nine - year - olds ?
Â
They do love dinosaurs , Â and obviously this is n’t exactly brainy humor .
Â
Okay , so we admit it !
Â Professor Hobo is going in a new interesting direction marketing to the toddler to tween set .
Â
You got a problem with that ?
Tom returns from a short exile to appear in a strip and somehow manages to look more out of place than the raptor itself .
Amazing Christmas display with 176 channels and 45,000 lights !
The show is so popular that it requires a crew of 3 people to manage the traffic .
A Christmas scene made of multicolored lights synchronized with music that changes from slow to a high beat rhythm .
The Amazing Grace Christmas House was located in Pleasant Grove , Utah .
Designed and programmed by Richard Holdman , the display started in 2006 , but traffic became too much of an issue and it's no longer running .
Richard has gone on to create Holdman Lighting which installs animated lighting displays around the world .
I love the idea of bike camping , cyclocamping , velocamping , or whatever you want to call it .
I ’ve even bought special gear to go out and ride as far as I want to and settle down for the night .
The only problem is that I ’ve only gone out a few times .
It not because I am not experienced at camping , nor is it that there is a lack of places I could set up camp at … it ’s just camping is n’t fun all by yourself .
And really … who the hell wants to just go ride somewhere with twenty or thirty pounds of supplies so you can sleep on the ground and cook hot dogs .
Bringing people creates comradely and great stories
This post is becoming Grant Peterson ’s wet dream in the making .
Proof of this Here and Here .
Surprisingly enough there are a lot of sites with sections dedicated to bike camping .
These dudes are pretty extreme .
I chatted it up with a few of them a few years ago .
They have logged many hours and miles doing things like this .
Like I said , I ’m savvy and interested … but still wet behind the ears .
Some people live out on their bikes with camping supplies enough to be misjudged as homeless folk .
Seriously , and they love it .
I do n’t think I want to be one of these guys either .
I just want to be able to bring an overnight backpack and be able to drink and chill with some friends .
Take a look at how many places there are around here :
Not all of these locations are 1 oo % legit , but they are places I have stayed with friends or family .
I think the one in the top , right corner ; Audra State Park is only 15 miles away from home , and the Stonecoal Wildlife Reserve is roughly seven or eight miles ?
Regardless of the distance , Grant Peterson ’s S240 philosophy is perfect :
On an S24O , going home is the plan from the get - go , so it ’s not wimping out .
You can have a miserable night like we did , your gear can get battered and soaked and packed away wet , and it just does n’t matter .
Plus you ’ll have good stories to tell afterward .
Like mine , they are not the most hilarious stories and maybe they wo n’t be death - defying , but they ’re just the kind of experiences you need now and then to appreciate your day - to - day comfort — and they ’re best done on S24Os .
Like I said , bike camping sounds fun and people should do it more often instead of reading my blog or watching American Idol or whatever is cool these days .
What I bring on my bike camping rides :
70 oz camelbak ( reservoir only )
Lighter
Digicam
Piepan and or bit of foil
Stainless Steel Cup
Floor Mat / Pad
6′ x 8 ′ Tarp
Lightest , Most Comfortable
Tent I could buy
Sleeping Bag , or Sleeping Bag Liner depending on temperature and desired weight / space
Foods ( no more than 3lbs )
Tea bags / Sweetener /?cervezas ?
Inflatable Pillow
Frame Backpack to carry it all in .
For my bike , I typically put the rear rack on so I can mount my tent , sleeping bag and floor mat to it and it makes riding so much easier !
I also suggest not bringing your brand new $ 4000 bike with you .
Bring your commuter / rain bike .
it will do well enough .
Back on the topic of S240s – these are great ideas .
I love the thought of them with friends .
Just riding out somewhere until a consensus is made and camp out .
I really want to do one of these as soon as the weather clears up from the snow .
Here are a bunch of interesting links : ( some are a bit over the top though )
http://www.rivbike.com/article/bike_camping/camping_vs_touring
http://www.rivbike.com/article/bike_camping/a_kit_for_one_night_out
http://www.kenkifer.com/bikepages/touring/index.htm
http://topeak.com/products/Bike-Tent
http://www.kenkifer.com/bikepages/touring/camping.htm
http://www.listphile.com/Bike_Camping_Checklist
http://www.adamk.ca/bike_camping.html
http://www.adventure-cycling-guide.co.uk/camping.htm
http://www.adventurecycling.org/resources/Petersen_S240s.pdf
– BEST
http://kentsbike.blogspot.com/2007/07/very-vague-s240.html
– I love his blog , and you need to check this out !
38.984702 -80.221746
Would you like to know the difference between the traditional , mainstream media and the fetid underworld of the internet when it comes to trade rumors ?
There is none .
Since Sheldon Souray agreed to waive his no - trade clause , there 's been a running debate about his approved destinations .
As regular readers know , I 'm a big fan of a Dallas swap .
Apparently , my unabashed hope for a trade between the Oilers and Stars has turned into actual interest by the Stars organization in Sheldon Souray .
" The other possible destination for Studley Wonderbomb is Dallas . "
-- Derek Zona , The Copper & Blue , Jun 8 , 2009 1:32 AM EDT
" I 've lobbied for a Souray to Dallas trade twice before and I still believe that the Stars are the Oilers best trading partner at the deadline . "
-- Derek Zona , The Copper & Blue , Jan 22 , 2010 2:00 PM EST
" The Stars are in desperate need of one more big defensemen and a goaltender ; the supposed departure of Marty Turco will help free up finances as well .
If the Stars do indeed make some big trades at the deadline , including one that sends Turco elsewhere , the likelihood of a trade for a player of Souray 's caliber increases . "
-- Brandon Worley , Defending Big D , Jan 23 , 2010 3:40 PM
EST
" The Dallas Stars are rumoured to be interested in Souray 's services . "
-- Derek Van Diest , The Calgary Sun , January 25th , 2010 3:20 AM MST
One reason the Stars might want to deal 2005 first - round defenceman Matt Niskanen ?
-- Jim Matheson , The Edmonton Journal , January 24 , 2010
" Dallas is a lot closer than anything out east .
In all reality , there is only a handful of teams he would accept a trade . "
-- Hendricks Hockey 's Rumors , January 25th , 2010
So , whether it 's some guy making up trades on a blog , or established mainstream writers , walking into the world of hockey trade rumors usually requires some hip waders .
Verizon 's Motorola Droid is a brand - new phone today .
Like many smartphones before it , the Droid has been rooted so that owners of the Android 2.0 - based smartphone can install multitouch support ( including pinch - to - zoom gestures ) , enhanced themes and other previously forbidden goodies .
Cyanogen , a well - known Android modder , tweeted this afternoon " Droid does … ROOT " and linked to an Android message board where the exploit is posted .
Zinx Verituse , the hacker who discovered the exploit , posted the essential details and links to the file so modders can get down to business .
So , what does this mean for Droid owners ?
A rooted Droid means the user will have administrative rights and the ability to control every aspect of the phone , not just those that Motorola or Verizon have provided access to .
A person will be able to download widgets that allow them to overclock their processor or install themes that dramatically change the appearance of their phone .
Cyanogen offers custom builds that truly customize a device and provides easy access to hidden features .
For instance , why does the lower - end Droid Eris have multitouch while the high - end Droid does n't ?
Because Motorola and Verizon decided not to implement pinch - to - zoom in the Droid , even though it has the capability to do so .
Now that the Droid is " rooted , " in modder lingo , it will be easy for someone like Cyanogen to simply turn on pinch - to - zoom in a custom build .
While today marks a great feat in the Android community , rooting a phone does involve risks .
If you have no idea what you 're doing or what unlocking is , you might run the risk of bricking your phone ( making it useless ) or disabling essential features .
Needless to say , unlocking will probably void your warranty and might put you in violation of the carrier 's terms - of - service agreement .
But now that the Droid floodgates have been opened , it 's only a matter of time until we see the Droid doing some really cool stuff .
Photo By Jon Snyder
**
See Also :
Disconcerted at being left out of the recent Climategate publicity , Andrew Weaver of the University of Victoria on Vancouver Island breathlessly blamed ( now here ) recent break - ins at the university ’s climate center on shadowy fossil fuel groups .
Weaver connected the break - ins to Britain ’s Climategate , which IPCC officials have attributed to shadowy Russian secret agents .
Weaver said that the shadowy group took a “ dead ” computer and ruffled his papers .
Weaver said that the ruffling of his papers was “ evidence of a larger effort to discredit climate science ” .
In other news from the University of Victoria , the Department of Anthropology issued an urgent warning about numerous break - ins throughout the campus , an excerpt from which folows :
Subject : FW : Urgent / Campus break - ins Hello all , I ’ve just learned that there have been a number of office and lab break - ins across campus in recent days–initially Science & Engineering buildings , but now Cornett & BEC .
Psychology has had several offices and labs broken into , and last night there were break - ins in second - floor offices in BEC .
Entry seems to be happening by jimmying / forcing locks .
In the short term , you need to ensure that small , portable valuables are NOT LEFT IN YOUR OFFICES , particularly at night when the break - ins appear to have been happening .
Consider what would happen to your teaching and research if your laptop went missing –back important files up today …
Keep an eye open and report suspicious activity
GCM ( General Crime Modelers ) believe that the break - ins at the Psychology Department at the University of Victoria are the proverbial “ smoking gun ” that proves the teleconnection between American fossil fuel interests and the Russian secret service , that resulted in Climategate .
As crime vigilante Weaver asks :
“ The real story in this is , who are these people and why are they doing it ? ”
I have always believed the term " Afghan police force " was a misleading one .
The men who make up the force are not trained police officers in any sense that we would recognise .
They are tribal militiamen who are wearing a uniform .
Very few have been through a police academy and most are entirely untrained .
Two guys are grabbed from a village , stuck in uniform and told : " You are now police . "
That 's how it happens .
I served in Afghanistan twice with the British army , mentoring Afghan soldiers and police officers throughout Helmand in 2006 / 7 and again , with the Royal Irish Rangers , last year .
And whether people will admit this openly or not , it is a fact that the Afghan police have been infiltrated at every level by the insurgency .
They are not employed by governments , they are paid by governments – and if the Taliban come along and pay them more , their loyalties can be very fluid .
The corruption that runs so deeply through Afghan culture is what drives them , and their motivations are less ideological than financial .
So it is entirely possible that this incredibly shocking incident was because this young man had been influenced by the insurgency .
But there are other reasons why this could have happened .
For one thing , the level of drug - taking within the Afghan police is incredibly high – it's thought that around 80 % have an active heroin addiction – and it's possible that the gunman was simply high on drugs .
That happens all over Helmand .
It 's also very possible that the incident could have arisen from a grievance .
In general the British troops and Afghan police get on pretty well – we work hard at that , and there is a certain amount of banter between us , sharing stories about our families and our hopes for the future – but you know what soldiers are like .
Someone could have said or done something and a situation of conflict arose .
What is termed " mentoring " means literally living every minute of the day alongside the Afghans , trying to help them achieve their mission .
The day is spent talking to them , explaining how to keep their camp clean , their weapons clean , how to organise their patrols .
It 's about walking alongside them , helping them to achieve the mission of that particular patrol , helping out with logistics .
After patrol you return to camp and you sit down together for lunch , eating cross-legged and with your right hand , as they do .
You 're there to fight alongside them until they are able to do it themselves .
We have to be seen to be standing shoulder to shoulder with these people in order to mentor them , and we can sometimes let our guard drop .
Procedurally , I think British troops will now have to ensure that someone is being vigilant at all times , but it 's important to remember that this kind of incident is very rare .
Inevitably this will make the British troops a little nervous but these are professional men .
I would have confidence that the units that have suffered losses will mourn the passing of their comrades , then gather themselves and get straight back to work .
• Captain Doug Beattie was awarded the Military Cross for his part in the battle of Garmsir in Helmand in 2006 .
He retired from the army this year .
His book , Task Force Helmand , was published last month
Current version is 4.3g , released February 2020
modification of the object system ( language design and implementation ) ,
new APIs ( alsa , flac , mpg123 , avahi , csv parsing ) ,
new library functions ( UDP support ) ,
new regular expressions support ,
new garbage collector ( Boehm's collection 7.3alpha1 ) .
Bigloo is a Scheme implementation devoted to one goal : enabling Scheme based programming style where C (++ ) is usually required .
Bigloo attempts to make Scheme practical by offering features usually presented by traditional programming languages but not offered by Scheme and functional programming .
Bigloo compiles Scheme modules .
It delivers small and fast stand alone binary executables .
Bigloo enables full connections between Scheme and C programs , between Scheme and Java programs , and between Scheme and C# programs .
The highlights of this release are ( see the ChangeLog for a detailed list of novelties of this release ) :
You may also find simple examples illustrating original Bigloo features here
The Bigloo C code generator delivers fast binaries executables for the Unix operating system .
The Bigloo JVM code generator delivers highly portable JVM class files ( or jar files ) that can be run on any JVM runtime environment ( Sun's JDK , Netscape Applets , etc. ) .
We have measured that in general , Scheme modules when compiled to JVM are in between 2 and 4 times slower than their C counterpart .
Gaza activists surrounded by Egyptian riot police in central Cairo
Several hundred people have joined demonstrations on the Israel - Gaza border to protest against the Israeli blockade of the territory .
The demonstrators , who marched to the Erez crossing point from both sides of the border , included dozens of international activists .
The Egyptian authorities have allowed about 80 protesters to cross into the Gaza Strip from Egypt .
Dozens more , however , scuffled with police in the capital Cairo .
Some report say protesters were injured by Egyptian police .
More that 1,000 international activists had gathered in Cairo in the hope of being allowed into Gaza but were refused because of what Egyptian officials called the " sensitive situation " in the Palestinian territory .
Israel maintains a strict blockade of Gaza , tightened in 2007 when Hamas took over the strip , banning virtually all exports and allowing in only humanitarian basics .
Egypt 's border is open only occasionally , to people not goods .
Much of what Gazans need is supplied through illegal tunnels under the Egypt - Gaza border .
Israel says this is also a supply route for weapons .
Law.com
Will Boies Schiller 's Pay Change Right the Ship ? ; Hearing Over Trump's ' Public Charge ' Rule Today in NY ; Sonos Sues Google Over Sound System Patent : The Morning Minute
Zack Needles
The news and analysis you need to start your day .
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Microsoft Windows NT # GP Trap Handler Allows Users to Switch Kernel Stack From : Tavis Ormandy < taviso ( ) sdf lonestar org >
Date : Tue , 19 Jan 2010 20:11:17 +0100
Microsoft Windows NT # GP Trap Handler Allows Users to Switch Kernel Stack
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
CVE-2010-0232
In order to support BIOS service routines in legacy 16 bit applications , the Windows NT Kernel supports the concept of BIOS calls in the Virtual - 8086 mode monitor code .
These are implemented in two stages , the kernel transitions to the second stage when the #GP trap handler ( nt! KiTrap0D ) detects that the faulting cs:eip matches specific magic values .
Transitioning to the second stage involves restoring execution context and call stack ( which had been previously saved ) from the faulting trap frame once authenticity has been verified .
This verification relies on the following incorrect assumptions : - Setting up a VDM context requires SeTcbPrivilege .
- ring3 code cannot install arbitrary code segment selectors .
- ring3 code cannot forge a trap frame .
This is believed to affect every release of the Windows NT kernel , from Windows NT 3.1 ( 1993 ) up to and including Windows 7 ( 2009 ) .
Working out the details of the attack is left as an exercise for the reader .
Just kidding , that was an homage to Derek Soeder :-) - Assumption 0 : Setting up a VDM context requires SeTcbPrivilege .
Creating a VDM context requires EPROCESS -> Flags .
VdmAllowed to be set in order to access the authenticated system service , NtVdmControl ( ) .
VdmAllowed can only be set using NtSetInformationProcess ( ) , which verifies the caller has SeTcbPrivilege .
If this is true , the caller is very privileged and can certainly be trusted .
This restriction can be subverted by requesting the NTVDM subsystem , and then using CreateRemoteThread ( ) to execute in the context of the subsystem process , which will already have this flag set .
- Assumption 1 : ring3 code cannot install arbitrary code segment selectors .
Cpl is usually equal to the two least significant bits of cs and ss , and is a simple way to calculate the privilege of a task .
However , there is an exception , Virtual - 8086 mode .
Real mode uses a segmented addressing scheme in order to allow 16 - bit addresses to access the 20 - bit address space .
This is achieved by forming physical addresses from a calculation like ( cs << 4 ) + ( eip & 0xffff ) .
The same calculation is used to map the segmented real address space onto the protected linear address space in Virtual - 8086 mode .
Therefore , I must be permitted to set cs to any value , and checks for disallowed or privileged selectors can be bypassed ( PsSetLdtEnties will reject any selector where any of the three lower bits are unset , as is the case with the required cs pair ) .
- Assumption 2 : ring3 code cannot forge a trap frame .
Returning to usermode with iret is a complicated operation , the pseudocode for the iret instruction alone spans several pages of Intel 's Software Developers Manual .
The operation occurs in two stages , a pre-commit stage and a post - commit stage .
Using the VdmContext installed using NtVdmControl ( ) , an invalid context can be created that causes iret to fail pre-commit , thus forging a trap frame .
The final requirement involves predicting the address of the second - stage BIOS call handler .
The address is static in Windows 2003 , XP and earlier operating systems , however , Microsoft introduced kernel base randomisation in Windows Vista .
Unfortunately , this potentially useful exploit mitigation is trivial to defeat locally as unprivileged users can simply query the loaded module list via NtQuerySystemInformation ( ) .
--------------------
Affected Software
------------------------
All 32 bit x86 versions of Windows NT released since 27 - Jul - 1993 are believed to be affected , including but not limited to the following actively supported versions : - Windows 2000 - Windows XP - Windows Server 2003 - Windows Vista - Windows Server 2008 - Windows 7
--------------------
Consequences
-----------------------
Upon successful exploitation , the kernel stack is switched to an attacker specified address .
An attacker would trigger the vulnerability by setting up a specially formed VDM_TIB in their TEB , using a code sequence like this : /* ... */ // Magic CS required for exploitation Tib.VdmContext .
SegCs = 0x0B ; // Pointer to fake kernel stack Tib.VdmContext .Esi = & KernelStack ; // Magic IP required for exploitation Tib.VdmContext .Eip = Ki386BiosCallReturnAddress ; NtCurrentTeb ( )-> Reserved4 [ 0 ] = & Tib ; /* ... */ Followed by /* ... */ NtVdmControl( VdmStartExecution , NULL ) ; /* ... */
Which will reach the following code sequence via the #GP trap handler , nt ! KiTrap0D .
Please note how the stack pointer is restored from the saved ( untrusted ) trap frame at 43C3E6 , undoubtedly resulting in the condition described above .
/* ... */ .text:0043C3CE Ki386BiosCallReturnAddress proc near .text:0043C3CE mov eax , large fs: KPCR.SelfPcr .text:0043C3D4 mov edi , [ ebp+KTRAP_FRAME.Esi ] .text :0043C3D7 mov edi , [ edi ] .text :0043C3D9 mov esi , [ eax + KPCR.NtTib.StackBase ] .text:0043C3 DC mov ecx , 84h .text :0043C3E1 mov [ eax + KPCR.NtTib.StackBase ] , edi .text:0043C3E4 rep movsd .text:0043C3E6 mov esp , [ ebp+KTRAP_FRAME.Esi ] .text:0043C3E9 add esp , 4 .text :0043C3 EC mov ecx , [ eax + KPCR.PrcbData.CurrentThread ] .text :0043C3F2 mov [ ecx+KTHREAD.InitialStack ] , edi .text :0043C3F5 mov eax , [ eax + KPCR.TSS ] .text :0043C3F8 sub edi , 220h .text :0043C3 FE mov [ eax + KTSS.Esp0 ] , edi .text:0043C401 pop edx .text:0043C402 mov [ ecx+KTHREAD.Teb ] , edx .text:0043C405 pop edx .text:0043C406 mov large fs: KPCR.NtTib.Self , edx .text :0043C40D mov ebx , large fs: KPCR.GDT .text:0043C414 mov [ ebx+3Ah ] , dx .text :0043C418 shr edx , 10h .text :0043C41B mov byte ptr [ ebx+3Ch ] , dl .text :0043C41E mov [ ebx+3Fh ] , dh .text :0043C421 sti .text:0043C422 pop edi .text:0043C423 pop esi .text :0043C424 pop ebx .text:0043C425 pop ebp .text:0043C426 retn 4 /* ... */
Possibly naive example code for triggering this condition is availble from the link below .
http://lock.cmpxchg8b.com/c0af0967d904cef2ad4db766a00bc6af/KiTrap0D.zip
The code has been tested on Windows XP , Windows Server 2003/ 2008 , Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
Support for other affected operating systems is left as an exercise for the interested reader .
-------------------
Mitigation -----------------------
If you believe you may be affected , you should consider applying the workaround described below .
Temporarily disabling the MSDOS and WOWEXEC subsystems will prevent the attack from functioning , as without a process with VdmAllowed , it is not possible to access NtVdmControl ( ) ( without SeTcbPrivilege , of course ) .
The policy template " Windows Components \Application Compatibility \Prevent access to 16 - bit applications " may be used within the group policy editor to prevent unprivileged users from executing 16 - bit applications .
I 'm informed this is an officially supported machine configuration .
Administrators unfamiliar with group policy may find the videos below instructive .
Further information is available from the Windows Server Group Policy Home http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsserver/grouppolicy/default.aspx.
To watch a demonstration of this policy being applied to a Windows Server 2003 domain controller , see the link below .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRVI4iQ2Nug
To watch a demonstration of this policy being applied to a Windows Server 2008 domain controller , see the link below .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8pfXW7crEQ
To watch a demonstration of this policy being applied to a shared but unjoined Windows XP Professional machine , see the link below .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7Y6d-BVwxk
On Windows NT4 , the following knowledgebase article explains how to disable the NTVDM and WOWEXEC subsystems .
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/220159
Applying these configuration changes will temporarily prevent users from accessing legacy 16 - bit MS - DOS and Windows 3.1 applications , however , few users require this functionality .
If you do not require this feature and depend on NT security , consider permanently disabling it in order to reduce kernel attack surface .
-------------------
Solution -----------------------
Microsoft was informed about this vulnerability on 12 - Jun - 2009 , and they confirmed receipt of my report on 22 - Jun -2009 .
Regrettably , no official patch is currently available .
As an effective and easy to deploy workaround is available , I have concluded that it is in the best interest of users to go ahead with the publication of this document without an official patch .
It should be noted that very few users rely on NT security , the primary audience of this advisory is expected to be domain administrators and security professionals .
-------------------
Credit -----------------------
This bug was discovered by Tavis Ormandy .
-------------------
Greetz -----------------------
Greetz to Julien , Neel , Redpig , Lcamtuf , Spoonm , Skylined , asiraP , LiquidK , ScaryBeasts , spender and all my other elite colleagues .
Check out some photography while at ring0 @ http://flickr.com/meder.
-------------------
References -----------------------
Derek Soeder has previously reported some legendary NT bugs , including multiple vdm bugs that , while unrelated to this issue , make fascinating reading .
- http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2004/Oct/404, Windows VDM #UD LocalPrivilege Escalation - http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2004/Apr/477, Windows VDM TIB Local Privilege Escalation - http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2007/Apr/357, Zero Page Race Condition Privilege Escalation -------------------
Appendix -----------------------
SHA -1 checksum of KiTrap0D.zip follows .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 99a047427e9085d52aaddfc9214fd1a621534072 KiTrap0D.zip
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.5 ( GNU / Linux ) iQEVAwUBS1W6 +RvyfE4zaHEXAQK//QgAvo/VhPdeASGe7SSfC3jLwNzsfVfM+FMo x7JZMMfVUh6b/+FxvokIpsCUf7QQkv+YcyCiatutVjUok5aw5BirFtPLHORIIKPX B5gN2a4G8RIXh5yKE6FffKGQsPJNW1Ua5Jss8rf59TEj3EDky1vco+WVmmz7TsHn
TQdUreVcL8wFmCAgq5X0AKrdepYDBmYLF0AUFOdG3mKJ43dnP59p9R7+ckv0pfLW
XtvOgzZDNMew4z2Z53 YQpE7dO+Y3H3rnhLN7jF7i9We9iiG4ATDke8byFAIDZQZx ucq5EOcRsfAAWW3O8EbzQa0NiHHScJrKDjvg0gX1Y69MBBwCLNP6yg==
=LHU0 -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --
-------------------------------------
taviso ( ) sdf lonestar org | finger me for my gpg key .
-------------------------------------------------------
_______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread Current thread : Microsoft Windows NT # GP Trap Handler Allows Users to Switch Kernel Stack Tavis Ormandy ( Jan 19 )
WASHINGTON --
One insistent question at the start of a new decade involves the lingering effects of the old :
What scars will the Great Recession leave ?
We are already seeing some .
Americans are moving less than at any time since World War II , reports demographer William Frey of the Brookings Institution .
People are tied to existing homes , can't get loans for new ones and wo n't move to places without job commitments , says Frey .
Only 1.6 percent of Americans are now moving across state lines , half the rate of a decade ago .
With a grim job market , the young also seem more cautious .
A new survey by Fidelity Investments found that a quarter of workers from ages 22 and 33 want to stay with their present employer until retirement ; in 2008 , that was only 14 percent .
John Irons of the liberal Economic Policy Institute worries that many young Americans , lacking tuition , will delay or abandon attending college , lowering their long - term earning power .
Receive news alerts Robert Samuelson RealClearPolitics Brookings Institution scars Washington William Frey [+]
More
So the Great Recession 's nastiest scar could be an era of economic frustration , characterized by slower growth and contentious competition for scarce resources .
Stunned by huge wealth losses in stocks and real estate , Americans save more and spend less .
Businesses suffer from weak demand .
Hiring remains sluggish .
Worse , the slowdown coincides with an aging population , which could compound the effect .
In 2020 , the projected number of Americans 55 and older will reach almost 100 million , 29 percent of the total , up from 59 million , or 21 percent , in 2000 .
" Younger people ... tend to be more innovative , more willing to take risks , more willing to do things differently , " says Stanford University economist Paul Romer in an interview for the book " From Poverty to Prosperity " by Arnold Kling and Nick Schulz .
As noted , today 's turmoil could make even the young more risk - averse .
Or older and middle - aged people could increasingly dominate corporate hierarchies and university research grants , as Romer worries .
An aging society could become a stand - pat society , protective of the status quo and resistant to change .
Against this glum prospect , the standard rebuttal evokes history .
The U.S. economy is amazingly resilient , the argument goes .
It 's been a consistent job creator : 21 million in the 1970s , 18 million in the 1980s , 17 million in the 1990s , 12 million in this decade through 2007 .
( Lower gains reflect slower labor - force growth , not less dynamism . )
A " can - do " culture -- combining intense ambition with a flexibility to adapt and an instinct for innovation -- ensures that the economy will ultimately rebound strongly .
The harsh recession may have actually improved the long - term outlook by purging high - cost firms and forcing efficiencies .
Productivity ( output per hour worked ) has risen 4 percent in the past year .
Profits are already up 21 percent from their low ; surviving firms will soon expand .
Which vision will prevail ?
The answer may hinge on two things : trade and entrepreneurship .
Most economists see stronger exports as a substitute for weaker consumer spending .
Unfortunately , that depends heavily on economic growth and trade policies abroad .
By contrast , entrepreneurship is a sleeper issue that depends on what Americans do .
If you doubt its importance , consider this :
All net job creation from 1980 to 2005 came from firms that were five years old or less , according to a study by economists John Haltiwanger of the University of Maryland and Ron Jarmin and Javier Miranda of the Census Bureau .
In any one year , that may not be true ; but over time , mature firms lose more jobs than they create .
" It 's not small firms but young firms that count , " says economist Robert Litan of the Kauffman Foundation , which sponsored the study .
If Americans do n't continue to create new firms -- not just high - tech startups such as Facebook but construction companies , florists , restaurants , dry cleaners , engineering firms -- the economy may languish .
Beginning a business is a risky , exhausting , chaotic process .
Every year , there are roughly 500,000 to 600,000 new company " births " and almost as many " deaths . "
Half of new firms do n't make it to year five , says Litan .
Some harbingers of growth look unpromising .
In 2009 , disbursements by " venture capital " firms -- investors in startups -- to first - time recipients hit an all - time low since statistics began in 1995 .
True , VCs support only a tiny fraction of new firms , mostly high - tech startups .
But " angel investors " -- friends and family of entrepreneurs who support many more -- have also suffered huge losses in stocks and homes .
They , too , have less to invest .
There 's a warning here for the Obama administration : Complex regulations or high taxes may discourage startups and job creation .
As for broader questions , the answers may remain murky for years .
Has the mix of economic trauma and aging made us prudent -- or merely fearful ?
Has economic resilience survived -- or given way to a stand - pat society ?
CES is a daunting show to cover , filled with emerging technologies , new products hoping to change the world , and a few goofy surprises here and there .
What you do n't often see is what goes on around the fringes of the show : the products that do n't get written about , the booth designs intended to draw your eye and get you to walk in , and the weird tricks companies try to get your attention .
This year every major player wanted you to put on glasses to look at content , you could get your picture taken with Elvis at a few different places , and if you knew were to look you could sit in Captain Kirk 's chair .
Welcome to our CES , in pictures .
At the Panasonic booth , huge slabs of 3D glasses were brought out to allow patrons to see what few seemed interested in buying .
One of the themes of CES this year was the number of plastic glasses you were asked to wear at most booths .
One booth was showing off sniper rifles for the Wii and the PS3 .
While the Wii accessories had a slot for the controller , the PS3 gun simply added standard Dual Shock controls to a gun body .
Samsung 's booth was technically impressive , but rather dizzying to walk through .
" Pleo Lives ! "
The booth was proud to be showing the robotic dinosaur at CES , and the crowds were likewise happy to see him .
Augmented Reality reared its ugly head .
This game uses remote - controlled plastic vehicles with video - equipped controllers for an experience that 's part toy , part video game , and way too big for your basement .
The idea behind this product ?
The ability to see through the clothing of women and take pictures with your cell phone .
There was a cardboard cutout wearing a dress , and you could see — right there !— everything beneath it simply by peering through the product .
Classy .
Microsoft did n't make a big deal out of its limited 3D offerings , but there was a game for Xbox Live Arcade called Scrap Metal that you could play using the old - style red and blue anaglyph glasses .
In response to a new public complaint , the Privacy Commissioner of Canada is once again launching an investigation into Facebook , the social networking site whose privacy policies and practices were the subject of a comprehensive probe by her Office last summer .
The complaint focuses on a tool introduced by Facebook in mid-December 2009 , which required users to review their privacy settings .
The complainant alleges that the new default settings would have made his information more readily available than the settings he had previously put in place .
“ The individual ’s complaint mirrors some of the concerns that our Office has heard and expressed to Facebook in recent months , ” said Elizabeth Denham , the Assistant Privacy Commissioner who spearheaded the original investigation and follow - up .
“ Some Facebook users are disappointed by certain changes being made to the site – changes that were supposed to strengthen their privacy and the protection of their personal information . ”
In July 2009 , Privacy Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart released findings of an in - depth examination of the privacy issues raised by the California - based site , which now claims 350 million users worldwide .
Key concerns highlighted in the report related to Facebook ’s transparency and clarity – specifically , the need to better explain how it handles the personal information in its care .
The report also recommended that Facebook provide users with increased control over their personal information .
In August , following intensive discussions , Facebook agreed to modify its site in ways that would address the Commissioner ’s concerns .
Since then , however , changes to the site ’s privacy information , settings and tools have sparked criticism from users who feel that personal information posted to the site is , in some instances , even more exposed now than before .
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada will investigate the complaint it has received , while continuing to follow up with Facebook as it introduces new changes to its site .
The company committed last August to resolving within a year all of the concerns raised in the first investigation report .
The Privacy Commissioner of Canada is mandated by Parliament to act as an ombudsman , advocate and guardian of privacy and the protection of personal information rights of Canadians .
Source : Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
It seems like only yesterday that the Something Awful Forum Goons used MS Paint , Photoshop and whatever else they could find to turn randomly generated reCAPTCHA text into hilarious illustrations .
Actually , it was last summer , which still was n't too long ago .
Nonetheless , it 's clearly time for another batch of anything - goes images !
Blinded by success , Bonk began to delight in his daring flight and , ignoring his sage scallop guide , soared higher .
Looks like Rhizoid 's gonna have a hot time in the old town tonight .
This might look like an orangeclock , but read the reCAPTCHA text to get the real scoop on this year 's hottest gift !
For some reason , one user decided to submit the unaltered October 1984 cover of Beefysworld magazine .
Bernard Cribbins pauses , sips his tea and struggles to think of something left to do .
" I 've never been in a circus but I think I 'm too old and slow for that now .
And I 've never done a Western .
I do n't think I 'm good enough to ride a horse but I could drive the chuckwagon and be Clint Eastwood 's dad or something .
Or brother even , because we 're about the same age .
I 'd be the grizzled old thing at the front , cooking beans .
I 'm very good at the after - bean thing with the Blazing Saddles scene , hee , hee ! "
The truth is that , at 80 , after nearly seven decades treading the boards , there 's almost nothing he has n't done .
It will be second time round for him in the Tardis this Christmas when he steps aboard as the Doctor 's companion – Donna 's grandfather , Wilf – for David Tennant 's final two episodes .
" When we got into the Tardis back in April or May , I said to him , ' The last time I was in the Tardis was in 1966 . '
There was a slight pause , and he said : ' I was n't even born then . '
I felt very , very old .
' Help me up !
Help me up !'
I said . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Even a stint at number one in the pop charts these past two weeks – as the voice of the Wombles in Peter Kay 's Animated All Star Band song for Children in Need – is his third taste of Top - 10 fame .
" For about three weeks in the 1960s I was nearly a pop star , " he chuckles .
His singles , " recorded by George Martin , before the Beatles got a hold of him " , might not have hit the top spot but they have staying power : " Right Said Fred " ( No 10 ) inspired the 1990s pop trio and Noël Coward choose " Hole in the Ground " ( No 9 ) as his ultimate Desert Island Discs pick , something that tickles Cribbins every time he thinks about it .
" When Roy Plomley asked why , [ Coward ] said , ' I could translate it into French as I walked up and down the beach . '
Is n't that great ?
I never met the gentleman , but I would have loved to and say , ' It was me !
I did Hole in the Ground !'
He would have patted me on the head and said , ' Of course you did , dear ! '
Wonderful . "
" Wonderful " is something Cribbins says frequently .
Not in any raging , luvvie way but because , you get the impression , the years have generally treated him pretty well .
Leaving aside that early Tardis outing , in Daleks – Invasion Earth 2150 AD , he 's probably best known as the station master Mr Perks in The Railway Children , a role that gained him a Bafta nomination .
Playing the part was a career highlight .
He recalls staying in Yorkshire with his wife , Gill , and fishing for trout every night after he was through for the day .
" I only found out at the end of the fortnight that I was poaching because I did n't have a ticket . "
Although Cribbins has played many other roles – most memorably , for him , on the stage in Guys and Dolls at the National Theatre – it is for his work in children 's television that he is probably best loved .
Never mind the Tardis ; just listening to his smooth , deep tones are enough to transport most people back to their childhood .
As well as narrating the Wombles , his was the voice of Jackanory for millions of children : Cribbins made the most appearances on the show with 111 .
He has also recorded the complete Winnie the Pooh , including the new David Benedictus book just out , and Howard Blake 's The Snowman .
Forget National Treasure ; he is the National Granddad .
This despite having no grandchildren of his own .
His wife had an early miscarriage and they never had any children .
We meet just after he has picked up a special award at the Children 's Baftas for his contribution to entertaining pre-teens .
And educating them .
He recounts a trip he made in a black cab : " The driver , a black guy , an East Ender , asked me what I was doing .
I told him I was going to do a little bit of filming for Roald Dahl because I used to do Jackanory , and he said , ' Yeah , Jackanory .
I remember that .
It made me want to learn to read . '
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" It 's absolutely beautiful that : the cherry on the top for me .
Shakespeare could n't have put it better .
It. Made .
Me. Want. To. Learn .
To. Read .
You know ; sitting there in the East End .
I think it 's fabulous .
That 's what kids ' TV is all about .
It entertains ; it stimulates ; it educates , and maybe , in some cases , it unlocks a bit of potential in a child , which they 've all got , have n't they ?
That sounds rather pompous , but it's what I feel . "
These days Cribbins reckons children would be hard pushed to get inspired to pick up a book by what they see on the box .
He is particularly upset at how people tell stories on TV .
" Nowadays , it seems you can't just have one talking head , you have to have flashing lights and CGI and everything has to go ' click , click , click ' the whole time .
I think they 've lost faith in a child 's attention span . "
Even the CBeebies ' bedtime hour story , which like Jackanory is read by someone famous , has been messed with .
" Now they have you finishing a sentence or a chapter and then coming in through a door or something .
They 're trying to move it along like a movie but I 'm not sure that 's necessary .
I mean , mum and dad do n't walk around the bedroom and then suddenly leap out of a wardrobe and continue with the next paragraph , " he harrumphs .
It was never his master plan to major in children 's work .
" I 've no idea why it happened .
As an actor , you 're a labourer and you get engaged to do certain jobs .
I was just asked to do some kids ' stuff . "
The son of a plumber 's mate and cotton weaver , he was born and brought up in Oldham , Lancashire .
He says he fell into acting : " I was 14 .
I was offered a job and it was easier than looking for work , so I 'm here by accident .
It was just as well because I can't do anything else . "
The only break from acting was while serving with the paratroopers during his National Service .
He saw action in Palestine in 1947 and 1948 but " was desperate to get back to the theatre " .
Despite all the film and TV roles – his movie credits include Peter Sellers and Alfred Hitchcock numbers , plus a couple of Carry Ons and She , with Ursula Andress , while his TV work memorably includes being mistaken for a hotel inspector by John Cleese in Fawlty Towers – theatre remains his favourite .
" It always has been because it 's what I know best .
You 're in charge .
The only thing they can do is turn the lights out and even then you can go on shouting . "
Another chuckle .
He peppers his stories liberally with names of theatre greats , past and present , with whom he has worked : Lionel Blair , Edward Woodwood , Imelda Staunton , Peter Cushing , Elaine Paige , Patricia Routledge , Gillian Lynne ... the list is long .
But he claims to have broken his last theatrical leg .
" It takes an awful lot of energy and I think I 'm a bit too tired for it now .
I was asked to do a panto , but I said , sadly , no . "
Now that he has – slightly – more time on his hands , he can indulge another love : fishing .
He has just finished making eight hour - long programmes on angling , Catching the Impossible , with the wildlife film - maker Hugh Miles .
Nothing , apparently , beats casting into the surf to fish for bass .
He is , nevertheless , pleased with a surprise catch just before we speak : some motley feathers he spotted in a skip .
He 's only too happy to pose with them for our photographer , briefly unleashing some of his inner luvvie in the faces he pulls , before taking them home to turn into trout flies .
As for whether , despite turning 81 later this month , Cribbins might have one last Doctor Who innings left in him with the 11th Doctor , Matt Smith , well , he reckons stranger things have happened : " Perhaps he 'll say , ' I wonder what happened to that old fart , Wilfred , and he 'll ring me up and say , this is the Doctor . '
And I 'll say , ' Who ? ' and we 'll do all the jokes . "
' The End of Time : Part One ' , is on Christmas Day at 6 pm on BBC1 ; Bernard Cribbins also appears in ' Buzzcocks – the Doctor Who Special ' this Wednesday at 10 pm on BBC2
An actor 's life
1928 : Born in Derker , Oldham , Lancashire
1942 : Took a job with Oldham Rep aged 14 and stayed for eight years .
1956 : Made West End debut playing the two Dromios in A Comedy of Errors .
1962 : Had three novelty hit records : " Hole in the Ground " , " Right Said Fred " and " Gossip Calypso " .
1963 : Appeared in the first of three Carry On films .
1965 : Co-starred with Peter Cushing in the film of H Rider Haggard 's novel She , with Ursula Andress .
1966 : Played comic policeman hero Tom Campbell in Daleks – Invasion Earth 2150 AD beside Peter Cushing 's Doctor Who .
Presented Jackanory , the first of 111 appearances .
1970 : Nominated for a Bafta for Mr Perks the porter in The Railway Children .
1973 : First narrated The Wombles .
1975 : Played spoon salesman Hutchinson in Fawlty Towers " The Hotel Inspectors " .
1976 : Became the voice of Buzby , the talking cartoon bird used by Post Office Telecommunications , and later BT .
1983 : Recorded Howard Blake 's The Snowman .
2003 : Guest starred as Wally Bannister in Coronation Street ; also in Last of the Summer Wine .
2007 : Appeared as Wilfred Mott in the Doctor Who Christmas special , " Voyage of the Damned " .
2008 : Reappeared as Wilf , Donna 's grandfather , in Doctor Who , pictured left .
2009 : Won a Special Award at the Children 's Baftas .
Ahead of a planned opposition rally on Monday , Iran tightened security and arrested over 20 mothers who were mourning children killed in the unrest that has broken out since the disputed June 12 elections .
The mothers took part in an antigovernment protest in Leleh Park in central Tehran every Saturday since the death in June of Neda Agha - Soltan , 26 , whose shooting became a symbol of the government ’s violent repression .
The rally had been attacked by the police before , but Saturday was the first time the mothers were arrested .
An opposition Web site reported that the protest was broken up by the police and many demonstrators were taken away .
The BBC Persian service quoted a witness who said 29 women were arrested , some of whom were later released .
But at least 21 remained in jail , the BBC said .
Ms. Agha -Soltan ’s mother regularly attended the rally , but it was not clear whether she was there on Saturday or was among those arrested .
Irish Priests Who Have Worked in the United States and Are Accused of Sexual Misconduct The Catholic sexual abuse crises in the United States and Ireland are deeply connected .
Priests who were trained in the Irish seminary system were crucial to the growth of the U.S. church .
Many Irish - born priests , including one bishop , are sadly among the priests accused of abuse in the United States .
Some priests who offended in Ireland were transferred to the United States , and priests accused of abuse in the United States have sometimes found shelter in Ireland .
Because of the manifold connections between the two churches and the two abuse crises , the Irish government reports on abuse in the Diocese of Ferns , in residential institutions , and in the Archdiocese of Dublin , are of great significance for the situation in the United States .
This webpage , a joint effort by BishopAccountability.org and Mr. Joe Rigert , author of An Irish Tragedy ( available from Amazon ) , continues our effort to understand the Irish - American connection that we launched with our database of abuse in U.S. residential institutions .
| Hugh Behan | Terence Burke | Patrick Callanan | Michael J. Carroll | Michael Cashman | Paul Cleary | Patrick Colleary | Donal Collins | Patrick Cotter | Sean Cronin | Manus Daly | Thomas English | Matthew Fitzgerald | Frank Flynn | John Flynn | George Foley | Robert Foley | Thomas Foudy | George Michael Gallagher | Michael Garry | Denis Ginty | Patrick Gleeson | James Grimes | Roderic M. Guerrini | Bernard Hanley | Michael Higgins | John Howlett | Michael Anthony Hunt | John Joseph Hurley | Patrick Keane | Patrick Kelly | Michael Kenny | Michael Ledwith | John Lenihan | Bernard Lynch | Patrick Lynch | Eugene MacSweeney | Paul Madden | Francis Magee | Joseph Maguire | Francis Markey | Peter McBride | William McCarthy | Edward McGrath | Paul McHugh | Edward McLoughlin | Patrick Desmond McMahon | Sean McMahon | Thomas McNamara | Patrick McNulty | Andrew Millar | Dennis Murphy | Patrick L. Nicholson | Charles O'Carroll | Anthony O'Connell | Donal P.O'Connor | James O'Connor | Patrick O'Dwyer | Oliver O'Grady | Patrick O'Keeffe | Patrick O'Leary | James O'Malley | Patrick O'Neill | Patrick Reilly | James Reilly | Andrew Ronan | Augustine Sheehan | Michael Simpson | Brendan Smyth | Patrick Walsh |
Behan , Hugh .
Jefferson City , Mo. , Diocese .
Suspended .
He was dismissed from his ministry as editor of the Catholic newspaper in the diocese of Jefferson City , Missouri , after being accused of sexually abusing a girl ( in 1983 ) and a young woman .
The church settled one of the allegations by agreeing to pay an undisclosed amount of money to the accuser .
Bishop Michael McAuliffe kept him in the ministry after he received treatment , but Bishop John Gaydos suspended him later upon reviewing his case .
Behan declined to talk on the record about the allegations , but said he has “ repented any deviation of the path . ”
For a while , after dismissal from the ministry , Behan worked as a greeter at Disney World but was fired after word got out about his past .
Still , in spite of it all , he retains his Irish pietism ; prays , reads the bible for three hours each morning after midnight and attends mass on Sundays .
( Priest Ousted in Missouri Had Been Working at Disney World , St. Louis Post–Dispatch , June 21 , 2002 .
And interview with journalist Joe Rigert , as well as e-mail exchanges with Rigert .
See “ An Irish Tragedy , ” by Joe Rigert , Crossland Press , May 2008 . )
Burke , Terence .
Pallotine order , Amarillo diocese .
Laicized .
The diocese of Amarillo suspended Burke from the ministry , applied to the Vatican to laicize him and reported him to authorities for possible criminal action .
The reason : numerous complaints of sexual misconduct with minors in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
The diocese also notified church officials in London in the belief he spends time there with family .
Further , the retired bishop of Amarillo , Leory T. Matthiesen , told victims he was sorry about the pain they suffered and apologized for implying in a book he wrote that he endorsed Burke ’s lifestyle .
“ I did not intend that , ” he said , “ but I now realize the grief and bitterness it inflicted on the victims and their families . ”
He did not elaborate .
( Letters from officials of the Amarillo diocese , June 7 and 27 , 2006 . )
Callanan , Patrick .
Tucson Diocese .
Accused .
The Catholic diocese of Tucson announced that he was one of 26 priests in the diocese who had molested 96 children between 1950 and 2004 .
Callanan had served in four parishes from 1952 to 1964 , but the abuse allegation was not received until 2002 , 27 years after his death in 1975 .
( 26 Priests Accused of Molesting , Tucson Citizen , Feb. 27 , 2004 . )
Carroll , Michael J. Los Angeles diocese .
Sued .
A woman alleges that he sexually abused her as a minor in 1968 - 71 .
He denied the allegation and remained in the ministry as recommended by the LA archdiocese Clergy Misconduct Oversight Board .
But the case remained active .
As required by California law , a therapist must attest to the merits of an allegation before a civil lawsuit can be filed .
He was in therapy , and a lawsuit has been filed .
( 10 Priests in Lawsuits Still on Job , Los Angeles Times , Feb. 7 , 2004 ; Los Angeles Archdiocese Report Addendum , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , from Bishop Accountability.org , April 20 , 2006 . )
Cleary , Paul .
Diocesan , San Antonio , Texas .
Settled .
He was accused of breaking up a marriage , taking women into his bedroom and seducing a 17 - year - old girl in 1982 .
But he allegedly waited for sex until she was 18 , when he could no longer be charged with abusing a minor .
The teenager accused Cleary of deception , betrayal and abuse by a counselor , a priest .
Archbishop Patrick Flores ordered Cleary to pay for her counseling , but terminated the requirement while Cleary still owed money .
An insurance company excluded Cleary from future coverage because of his sexual misconduct .
( “ Letter from Attorney Debra Talley to Flores , Sept. 9 , 1993 ; Letter from Flores to woman claiming abuse by Cleary , Feb. 2 , 1994 ; Letter from woman to Flores asking to help pay for counseling , Jan. 21 , 1994 ; Letter from Flores to Marriage and Family Institute of San Antonio , July 5 , 1994 ; Letters from Catholic Mutual Group Insurance to archdiocese , Sept.24 , 1993 , and March 3 , 1994 . )
Colleary , Patrick .
Arizona diocese .
Accused .
He fled to Ireland in 2003 before he was indicted by a grand jury on charges he sexually abused a 10 - year - old boy in 1978 at the Church of the Holy Spirit in Tempe , Ariz .
He also had been accused of molesting another boy and of being sexually involved with two women , one of whom said he raped her and fathered her child .
Bishop Thomas O’Brien allegedly covered up sexual misconduct of Colleary and other priests while vicar general of the diocese .
Ireland refused to extradite him to the U.S. ( Sins of a Father , Phoenix New Times , May 2 , 2002 ; Bishop O’Brien Target of New Suit , Arizona Republic , May 13 , 2003 ; Accused Priest Battles Extradition , Arizona Republic , July 24 , 2005 ; Irish Judge Denies Extradition for Accused Priest , AZCentral.com , July 28 , 2005 . )
Collins , Donal .
Florida and treatment center in Hartford archdiocese .
Convicted in 1998 of sexually abusing several boys at St. Peter 's College seminary and sentenced to four years in prison .
Worked in a parish in Florida in 1991 - 93 .
Perhaps laicized in 2004 .
( Ferns Report pp. 71-76 and 124-31 ;
Pope defrocks two Irish priests convicted of sex abuse , by Shawn Pogatchnik , Associated Press , Dec. 17 , 2004 ; Joe Rigert , An Irish Tragedy , 2008 , pp. 83-84 . )
Cronin , Sean .
Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He allegedly molested two children between 1972 and 1980 in parishes in Panorama City and Santa Monica , Calif .
He was sued ; denied any abuse .
( 10 Priests in Lawsuit Still on Job. Los Angeles Times , Feb. 7 , 2004 ; Los Angeles Archdiocese Report Addendum , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , from Bishop Accountability.org , April 20 , 2006 . )
Daly , Manus .
Diocesan , Jefferson City , Mo. Suspended .
He returned to Ireland after being removed from a parish because of a complaint in 1996 by Christopher Dixon that Daly sexually abused him in the 1970s when he was a teenager at the St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary in Hannibal , Missouri .
He was dismissed by Bishop John Gaydos in March 2002 .
( Ex-seminarian ’s Charges Lead to Removal of Priest , St. Louis Post - Dispatch , March 8 , 2002 ; Former Seminarians Want Alma Mater Investigated , National Catholic Reporter , April 14 , 2004 . )
English , Thomas .
Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He was sued in 2003 for having abused a minor in 1969 - 70 in a parish in Pomona .
The Los Angeles archdiocese says the allegations were unfounded , but the lawsuit remained active , which means a therapist concluded they were credible .
( This finding by a therapist is required before a lawsuit can be filed . )
English is deceased .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 , from Bishop - Accountability.org ; Los Angeles Times Database , April 20 , 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
Flynn , Frank .
Diocese , Palm Beach .
Suspended .
While a priest in Florida ’s Palm Beach diocese , over a period of 15 years , from 1982 to 1997 , Frank Flynn allegedly engaged in sexual intercourse with at least three women , and grabbed , hugged and kissed five others .
He also was accused of molesting a 12 - year - old girl .
Police said they found no evidence Flynn had abused the girl ; her attorney said police had no reason to probe deeply because the statute of limitations had expired .
Flynn finally was removed from the ministry after one of the women threatened to file a lawsuit claiming he had seduced her while her husband was dying of cancer .
At that time , in 1997 , Flynn returned to Ireland .
( “ Priest Accused of Molesting Teen Girl , Groping Women , ” Palm Beach Post , April 19 , 2002 ; “ No Abuse Evidence on Priest , Police say , ” Palm Beach Post , Sept. 26 , 2002 ; also see Doe vs. O’Connell cited in the Fitzgerald summary above . )
Flynn , John .
Diocese , San Antonio .
Suspended .
He quit a San Antonio , Texas , parish in 1997 after admitting he molested a teenage girl in the 1970s .
After he went into therapy , Bishop Edmond Carmody , a friend , then allowed him to serve in a Longview , Texas , parish despite his earlier admission of abuse .
Carmody ’s successor , however , asked him to step down in 2002 when two women in his parish told the bishop they felt uncomfortable around Flynn .
( Special Reports : Catholic Bishops and Sex Abuse , Dallas Morning News , Feb.18 , 2004 ; Sex Allegations Factor in Monsignor ’s Resignation , Longview News - Journal , May 21 , 2002 ; Catholic Priest Forcibly Retired Just Before 50th Anniversary , Associated Press , May 22 , 2002 . )
Foley , George .
Sacred Heart order ; Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
The Los Angeles archdiocese wrote , in a list of abusing priests , that Foley got in trouble over “ women and wine . ”
But it was more than that .
According to the church , a woman alleged he sexually abused her as a minor in 1971 - 74 while he was staying with her and having sexual relations with her mother .
In her lawsuit against the church , Folia Lynn Giorgi claimed that he inflicted almost every kind of sexual act on her , that his superiors were aware that he was living at Giorgi ’s home , and that many of his colleagues in the priesthood knew he was living at her home and visited him there .
Suddenly , the lawsuit said , Foley ’s Sacred Heart congregation transferred him to England .
( Giorgi vs. Doe et al , State Superior Court in Los Angeles County , Sept. 18 , 2006 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , April 20 , 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
Foley , Robert .
Orange diocese .
Lawsuit settled .
He admitted molesting an eight - year - old boy on a camping trip in 1983 .
Soon after , he fled to England , at the urging of then - chancellor Michael Driscoll , to avoid prosecution .
Driscoll apologized later after his role was exposed in the Dallas Morning News .
Foley has been removed from ministry .
( Special Reports , Dallas Morning News , Feb. 18 , 2004 ; Hide the Buggering Priests , Orange County Weekly , July 9 - 15 , 2004 . )
Foudy , Thomas .
Miami diocese .
Sued .
An “ emotionally troubled ” woman alleges that Foudy seduced her when she sought counseling in November 1995 , resulting in a year - long affair .
Foudy was prompted to take a leave of absence , though his attorney said they did not engage in sexual relations .
It was revealed later that the woman , Alinka Pawlowska Sullivan , had written a novel that described the delicious sin of seducing a priest and was working on a movie , “ The Passionate Priest . ”
The lawsuit was settled , not dismissed ; no details were given .
( Priest Accused in Sex Case Reinstated to Parish , by April Witt , Miami Herald , March 5 , 1997 ; “ Priests Alleged Seduction Headed for Trial — and Maybe the Big Screen , ” CNN , March 10 , 1997 ; “ Judge Rules Lawsuit Against Priest May Continue , ” Catholic World News , May 14 , 1997 ; “ Clergy Crimes , ” April - August 1997 ; Sex Lawsuit Against Pastor Settled , Miami Herald , Jan. 24 , 1998 . )
Gallagher , George Michael .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
Two women accuse Gallagher of sexual abuse between 1953 and 1962 .
No details .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Feb.17 , 2004 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , April 20 , 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
Ginty , Denis .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
A woman said Ginty molested her as a child between 1978 and 1980 at Nativity Parish and School in El Monte , Calif .
Three other accusations of sexual abuse were made over a period of many years .
He was born in England and ordained in Ireland .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org )
Gleeson , Patrick .
Santa Rosa , Calif. , diocese .
Settled .
Greg Sloan , a contractor , says Gleeson molested him dozens of times , when he was an altar boy , in a Calistoga , Calif. , rectory between 1968 and 1972 .
Gleeson died in 1991 ; Sloan filed the lawsuit in 2002 , alleging that diocese officials did nothing to stop the abuse .
One other accusation was made against Gleeson .
A settlement for more than $ 7 million , involving Gleeson and two other priests , was reached in June 2005 .
( Abuse Lawsuit Names Dead Priest , Press Democrat , Nov. 15 , 2002 ; Plaintiff in Abuse Case Speaks Out , Press Democrat , Jan. 13 , 2005 ; Diocese Settles Suits for $ 7.3 million , Press Democrat , June 30 , 2005 . )
Grimes , James .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
Three accusations of abuse by Grimes were reported at All Saints Catholic Church in 1958 - 1959 .
He retired and returned to Ireland in 1974 in ill health ; died in 1978 .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org ; Report to journalist Joe Rigert from KBLA.com , law firm in Los Angeles . )
Guerrini , Roderic M. Jesuit , archdiocese of Los Angeles .
Accused .
A woman reported to police that she had been touched inappropriately and kissed by Guerrini when she was a teenager , while working in the rector at an Oxnard parish in 1977 - 1978 .
Her two sisters made similar complaints .
Guerrini denied the allegations .
( Details on 11 Priests Missing in ’04 Report , Los Angeles Times , April 20 , 2006 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 . )
Hanley , Bernard .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
A mother reports to the church in 2002 that her daughter and son were sexually abused by Hanley in 1965 .
He stepped down from his ministry and returned to Ireland pending a church investigation .
( LA Priest in Sex Abuse Charge , Irish Voice , Nov. 9 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 . )
Higgins , Michael .
San Diego diocese .
Laicized .
The late Bishop Leo Maher suspended Higgins in 1982 on grounds that he solicited sex from a boy in confession .
His successor , Bishop Robert Brom , then acted to get the Vatican to dismiss him from the priesthood , which it did in 1999 .
Higgins denied the allegation and appealed his laicization to Pope John Paul II , noting that Bishop Brom himself had been accused of sexual misconduct .
Brom said an investigation — not made public — had disproved the allegations against him .
( Lawyer : Be Fair to Priests , Riverside , Calif. , Press Enterprise , July 30 , 2004 ; Letter from Michael Higgins to Pope John Paul 11 , April 22 , 1998 . )
Howlett , John .
Pallottine order , in Fort Worth diocese .
He was accused of sexually abusing at least five girls , two in the mid-1980s .
At one point , church officials gave a woman money for counseling with the expressed expectation that she would not sue .
The Pallottine order also gave money for counseling .
Finally , he was banned from the active ministry and lives with members of his Pallottine order in Ireland .
He is not allowed to have unsupervised contact with the public to ensure he has no adverse effect on the general public health or safety .
( Officials Spent Thousands , Hoped Woman Would n't Sue , Star - Telegram , Nov. 29 , 2006 ; BishopAccountability.org Assignment Record . )
Hunt , Michael Anthony .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
He was accused of sexually abusing a girl in 1957 - 58 .
He died in 1984 .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 . )
Hurley , John Joseph .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
He was accused of sexual abuse in 1949 .
He died in 1992 .
A civil suit was filed in December 2003 .
( Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org )
Keane , Patrick .
New Orleans diocese .
Sued .
He admitted the sexual abuse of a teenage boy in the early 1980s and was removed from his ministry .
Later he served as a missionary in Ecuador and Peru . ( Molestation Case Haunts Church , Victim , by Bruce Nolan , Times - Picayune , Dec. 5 , 1999 ; Review is Seen as a Step Toward Healing , New Orleans Times - Picayune , May 18 , 2002 ; and correspondence with Bruce Nolan , author of the article ; Carlow College , 1793 - 1993 , Carlovian Press , Carlow , Ireland . )
Kelly , Patrick .
Jesuit , Los Angeles archdiocese .
Convicted ; sued .
He fled to Ireland and pleaded no contest there to charges of fondling a young girl ; promised to return to Los Angeles but did not .
He received three years of probation while in Ireland .
The archdiocese said he faced four accusations of sex abuse in 1991 .
( Sex Abuse Allegations Against Los Angeles Archdiocese Priests , by Glenn F. Bunting , Ralph Frammolino , and Richard Winton , LA Times , Aug. 18 , 2002 ; Church in Crisis , National Catholic Reporter , Aug. 30 , 2002 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
Kenny , Michael .
San Antonio diocese .
Settled .
He admitted being sexually involved with 10 women in the 1980s and 1990s ; had sexual intercourse with six of them , and fathered two children .
One of the women , Julia Villegas Phelps , claimed in a lawsuit that he forced himself sexually on her in front of her two small sons when she was not fully conscious because of pain medication .
Kenny admitted the sexual encounter but testified that children were asleep in another room .
The church paid off the mother of his first child .
( An Irish Tragedy , by Joe Rigert , Crossland Press , 2008 , pp. 37-38 , 44 , 133-34 . )
Ledwith , Michael .
( Comiskey alerted US church authorities about Wexford cleric , by Anne Marie O'Connor , Gorey Guardian , June 6 , 2002 ; Ferns report , pp. 101-103 and 174-83 . )
Lynch , Bernard .
Society of African Missions , in the New York archdiocese .
Accused .
A judge found him not guilty of fondling a student at a Bronx high school in 1987 , after the alleged victim gave conflicting accounts of what happened .
A gay priest , Lynch had been a leader of the gay and lesbian organization , Dignity .
After the trial he returned to London , where he worked for an ecumenical AIDS counseling group .
( Priest , Marist Brother Accused of Sex with Boys , by Jeffrey K. Parker , United Press International , May 13 , 1988 ; Witness Reports Fondling by Priest , by Ellis Henican , Newsday , April 20 , 1989 ; Gay NY Priest ’s Road to a Lonely Exile in London , Newsday , Feb. 16 , 1993 . )
Lynch , Patrick .
Diocese of Dallas .
Settled .
The diocese did not suspend Lynch from his ministry until 1997 , long after it knew in the 1960s that he was accused of sexual misconduct involving a grade school boy .
By the late 1990s , the diocese had compensated two accusers and knew of others in four parishes .
Despite all of Lynch ’s alleged sexual misconduct over the years , Bishop Charles Grahmann wrote a letter commending him when he moved back to Ireland in the mid-1990s .
After the Dallas Morning News exposed Lynch ’s sexual history , however , Grahmann suspended him .
( Man Alleges Abuse , Says Church Could Have Prevented It , by Brooks Egerton , Dallas Morning News , July 10 , 1997 ; Catholic Officials Revoke Powers of Parish Founder , by Brooks Egerton , Dallas Morning News , July 12 , 1997 ; Shadow of Abuse Lingers , Dallas Morning News , Jan. 19 , 2004 )
MacSweeney , Eugene .
Los Angeles archdiocese .
Sued .
A lawsuit in 2003 contained one abuse allegation , involving a boy in 1958 - 59 .
He died in 1975 .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org )
Magee , Francis .
Trenton , N.J. , diocese .
Accused .
Magee was arrested while vacationing in Ireland in 2003 upon being accused of sexually abusing a child in the late 1960s .
Magee was a seminary student at the time .
The charges were dropped when the alleged victim committed suicide .
Magee also was accused in Trenton in 2004 of inappropriately touching two young men , ages 18 and 19 .
( Prosecutor Received 2 Complaints on Priest Cleric Accused in Abuse of Child , Asbury Park Press , Jan. 8 , 2004 ; Priest Asks to Return to Church , Asbury Park Press , Dec. 21 , 2004 . )
McBride , Peter .
Diocese , New Jersey .
Convicted .
Sued .
After pleading guilty to fondling the breasts of two women , he was ordered to receive two years of counseling and pay a $ 250 fine .
During trial , the women said they had lost their faith as a result of the incidents .
Charges that he molested a 14 - year - old girl were dismissed on grounds he was denied a right to a lawyer and his statements were coerced .
He denied the allegation .
( Clergy Crimes , April 1997 )
McGrath , Edward .
Salesian order , Connecticut .
Accused .
St. Thomas More School in Montville , CT , concluded after a five - month investigation that there was merit to allegations that McGrath sexually molested students at the school .
The SNAP organization also said it knew of more than one victim .
McGrath died in 1998 .
( Group Calls for More Information on Accused Priest , The Day , New London , Connecticut , Aug. 7 , 2004 . )
McHugh , Paul .
Diocese , Springfield - Cape Girardeau , Missouri .
Accused .
A former altar boy told then - Bishop Bernard Law that McHugh had been molesting him in 1982 when he was 12 years old .
But he said Law told him to keep quiet about it if he wanted to fulfill his desire to go to seminary to be a priest .
In a deposition , Law said he did not recall hearing the complaint or saying making such an accusation would keep from being accepted in the seminary .
( Altar Boy : Law Told Me to Stay Quiet on Abuse , Boston Herald , Oct. 31 , 2002 . )
McLoughlin , Edward .
Diocese , St. Petersburg , Florida .
Sued .
McLoughlin was in Ireland when accused of sexually abusing a teenage boy in Florida for more than two years , starting in 1992 .
He never returned to face charges .
McLoughlin had left the country when confronted about the abuse complaints .
Bishop John Nevins was blamed for failing to protect the boy from the abuse .
( Sex Abuse Program Expanded , News - Express , Fort Myers , Fla. , Oct. 26 , 2003 ; A. B. vs. John Nevins , Edward McLoughlin et al , in Circuit Court , Charlotte County , Florida , Case No. 97-487-CA , March 24 , 1997 . )
McMahon , Patrick Desmond .
Diocese , Seattle .
Settled .
The Vatican barred him from the ministry after he was accused of sexually abusing five children , four girls and one boy .
He abused them in the 1960s and 1970s .
( Diocese Names Barred Priests , Seattle Times , Aug. 22 , 2004 . )
McMahon , Sean .
Diocese , Albany , N. Y. Removed .
The diocese removed him from the ministry after he was accused of sexually abusing a minor in the 1970s .
He had served in the diocese for 40 years before he was ousted in 2003 .
( Diocese Removes Priests Accused of Sexual Abuse , Albany Times Union , April 14 , 2003 . )
McNamara , Thomas .
Diocese , St. Augustine , Florida .
Accused .
The diocese disclosed that he inappropriately touched three adolescents in the 1960s .
Later , McNamara returned to Ireland , where he molested several teenage boys in the 1970s and 1980s , according to Ireland Bishop Willie Walsh .
Walsh said the St. Augustine diocese did n’t tell him about the abuses in Florida until the summer of 2004 , long after he returned to Ireland .
He died in 1997 .
A spokeswoman for the Florida diocese said the diocese was not aware of the alleged abuses until the summer of 2004 , when the victims complained , and then informed the bishop in Ireland .
( Diocese Studies 2 Jacksonville Abuse Cases , Florida Times - Union , Dec. 1 , 2004 ; Abusive Priest Left Sex Trail in Ireland , Florida Times - Union , Dec. 4 , 2004 ; Diocese Settles Old Abuse Case , Florida Times - Union , Dec. 9 , 2004 . )
McNulty , Patrick .
Society of Mary order , archdiocese of San Antonio .
Sued .
Cynthia Anne Tejada sued in 2004 claiming that McNulty sexually abused her for three years in the 1970s , starting when she was 12 .
The Society of Mary paid her for therapy as well as medical and educational expenses for two years , a spokesman said .
( Archdiocese Is Sued Over Alleged Abuse , San Antonio Express - News , Aug. 17 , 2004 . )
Murphy , Dennis .
Diocese , Richmond , Va. Suspended .
The diocese placed Murphy on administrative leave while it investigated complaints of questionable behavior with teenagers .
The diocese also notified authorities .
He had been chaplain at Yale University .
( Conduct of Priest Investigated , Richmond Times Dispatch , April 9 , 2004 . )
Nicholson , Patrick L. Chaplain , Air Force Academy .
Removed .
He was dismissed at the Air Force Academy after a female officer accused him of having a long - term sexual relationship with her , beginning when she was a cadet .
Another woman said he repeatedly tried to molest her in the 1970s , when she was age 15 , while he was a priest in Alabama , before he joined the Air Force .
( Accusations Against Priests in the Military , Associated Press , Oct. 8 , 2003 ; Sex Abuse Scandal Widens in Military , Arizona Republic , Oct. 12 , 2003 ; Most Allegations Came Lately , Mobil Register , Feb. 17 , 2004 . )
O’Carroll , Charles .
Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He was accused of sexually abusing a girl in the 1950s .
( Archdiocesan Report , Feb. 17 , 2004 ; ( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
O’Connell , Anthony .
Bishop , Palm Beach , Fla .
Accused ; resigned .
He resigned after admitting he had sexually abused two young men at a seminary in Missouri , where he was a faculty member and then rector .
Further inquiry found that , starting in the 1960s , he had been sexually involved with nine young men , both as a priest at the seminary and as bishop in Knoxville , Tenn .
( Ex-seminarian 's charges lead to removal of priest , by Dawn Fallik , St. Louis Post - Dispatch , March 8 , 2002 ; An Irish Tragedy , by Joe Rigert , Crossland Press , 2008 . )
O’Connor , Donal P. Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He agreed to retire after a woman claimed that he engaged in inappropriate behavior toward her in 1961 when she was 12 .
The woman sued , and two other complains against him were received .
( Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report of Feb. 17 , 2004 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 . )
O’Connor , James .
Diocese , Austin , Texas .
Sued .
A man filed suit in December 2003 accusing O’Connor of sexually abusing him in 1969 - 1971 at a church in Waco , Texas .
( Diocese Releases Abuse Report But Wo n’t Name Accused Priests , Austin - American Statesman , Jan. 6 , 2004 . )
O’Dwyer , Patrick .
Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He was accused of sexually abusing a boy in 1959 ; a lawsuit was filed .
He died in 1971 .
( Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
O’Leary , Patrick .
Archdiocese of Chicago .
Accused .
The archdiocese removed him as associate pastor of a Chicago church because , in the 1990s , he had engaged in “ a pattern of inappropriate behavior ” that showed him as a risk of sexual misconduct to children .
No details were given .
A native of Ireland , he was ordained in Spain .
( Flock Seeks Answers After Priest Ousted , Chicago Tribune , Sept. 5 , 1993 . )
O’Neill , Patrick .
Diocese , Seattle , Wash .
A woman , Gwen Caggiano , accused O’Neill of molesting her for three years in the 1960s , when she was a child , at a church in Tacoma , Wash .
But she withdrew her lawsuit against him , she said , because a church counterclaim against her would have cost a lot of money .
He is retired .
( More Dioceses Settling Sex - Abuse Suits , Seattle Times , Sept. 21 , 2003 . )
Reilly , James .
Diocese , Fort Worth .
Sued .
Eleven men sued the diocese , claiming that Reilly had sexually abused them when they were young .
The church agreed to pay them more than $ 1 million to settle their claims .
One of the victims , 11 when molested in the 1970s , said he tried to commit suicide three times because he felt angry and alone , believing that he was the only one to have been abused .
Reilly remained in the ministry for an additional five years after the complaints were filed , until his death .
( Files on Accused Priests Sought in Fort Worth , Star - Telegram , June 26 , 2005 ; 11 Ask to Remove Priest 's Name , by Darren Barbee , Star - Telegram , Nov. 23 , 2006 ; Details About the Accused Priests , Dallas Morning News , Nov. 29 , 2006 . )
Reilly , Patrick .
Archdiocese , Los Angeles .
Sued .
He was one of 10 priests who remained in the ministry despite lawsuits accusing them of molesting children .
The archdiocese said an oversight board found no credible evidence to support the allegation that Reilly , who was retired , had sexually abused a boy in the 1980s .
California law , however , requires an independent therapist to attest to the merits of an allegation before a suit can be filed , and in this case , a suit was filed .
( 10 Priests in Lawsuits Still on Job , Los Angeles Times , Feb. 7 , 2004 ; Retired Priest Named in Lawsuit , Burbank Leader , Feb. 7 , 2004 ; Los Angeles Archdiocesan Report , Addendum of the Report to the People of God , Nov. 15 , 2005 ; Los Angeles Times Database , May 2006 , from Bishop - Accountability.org . )
Ronan , Andrew .
Servite order , served in Ireland , Chicago and Portland , Ore. Ronan admitted sexually abusing young men in Ireland , then was exported to the United States , where he continued his predatory activity in the 1960s in Chicago and Portland , Ore .
In a major case , the U.S. judiciary has kept alive a lawsuit seeking to make the Vatican pay restitution for the abuses of its priests .
Ronan was laicized in 1966 and died in 1992 .
( Suit Blames Catholic Hierarchy , by Mark Larabee , The Oregonian , April 4 , 2002 ; An Irish Tragedy , By Joe Rigert , Crossland Press , May 2008 . )
Sheehan , Augustine .
Diocese of Rockville Center .
Suspended .
Former nun Anne Tucker said that Sheehan raped her while taking her home from an Irish party in 1965 .
Tucker kept it a secret for 40 years until the Catholic sex - abuse scandal made her feel that people would believe her .
After receiving her complaint in 2002 , the diocese suspended Sheehan from the ministry .
( Woman Comes Forward , Newsday , May 19 , 2004 . )
Walsh , Patrick .
Legionaries of Christ order , served in New Hampshire .
Accused .
Walsh was accused of abusing a high - school student at Center Harbor in New Hampshire , in 1992 - 1993 .
He denied it .
( Documents from report of New Hampshire attorney general , March 3 , 2003 . )
Delegates did not manage to reach a legally binding agreement China has dismissed claims made by a British minister that it " hijacked " efforts to reach an agreement at the climate summit in Copenhagen .
Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband had accused China of vetoing two agreements on limiting emissions .
Beijing 's foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu said the accusations were a political plot made by leaders who wanted to shirk their own obligations .
The summit ended without the 192 nations reaching a binding agreement .
The delegates simply committed to " taking note " of a deal recognising the need to limit temperature rises to 2C .
Jiang
Yu did not mention Mr Miliband by name , but in comments reported by the Xinhua state news agency , she said statements from " certain British politicians " were " plainly a political scheme " .
The aim , she said , was " to shirk responsibilities that should be assumed towards developing countries , and to provoke discord among developing countries " .
" This scheme will come to nothing , " said Ms Jiang .
' New beginning ' Writing in Britain 's Guardian newspaper on Sunday , Mr Miliband said the vast majority of countries wanted a legally - binding treaty to protect the planet , but it seemed that four or five countries at the summit had been keen to " shelve the accord " .
Copenhagen is not a destination but a new beginning
Yang Jiechi
China 's Foreign Minister
Climate summit :
Where 's the beef ?
Reaction in quotes Mardell 's America
What do you think of the deal ?
He said China had vetoed two proposed agreements on emissions cuts , " despite the support of a coalition of developed and the vast majority of developing countries " .
Ms Jiang said Mr Miliband and others behind the editorial should " correct their mistakes , fulfil their obligations to developing countries in an earnest way , and stay away from activities that hinder the international community 's co-operation in coping with climate change " .
The BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing says China believes it went to the talks in good faith and offering significant proposals , so does not want to be seen to be the cause of the failure to reach a more solid agreement .
China and other big developing countries have long accused the world 's richer economies of failing to offer big enough emissions cuts , and of not offering enough help to other nations struggling to cope with climate change .
On Monday , China 's Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi praised the summit , saying it had been " not a destination , but a new beginning " .
The final accord was reached between the US , China , India , Brazil and South Africa , but is not legally binding .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says the agreement must be made legally binding next year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Donald Trump on Wednesday repeated that he condemned white supremacy after reporters asked him about it again .
“ I always denounce any form , any form of any of that , ” Trump replied .
“ You have to denounce . ”
May 12th , 2015 in Brazilian , Illustration , Nudes , Strange Instruments by lpcoverlover | 2 Comments
Thanks to LP cover lover , Rob Keith , who we met at the WFMU Record Fair .
A collector of music from the North of Brazil , Rob sent us this nice one with this note : Zezinho is a forró accordion player from the northeast of Brazil .
His group was called “ The Rat Pack of Forró . ”
Song titles include “ Sweaty Women ” and “ Beautiful Balloons . ”
Forró is well known for double entendre wordplay , so the songs are probably what you would assume they are about … or not , depending on which way you decide to interpret them .
The album is surprisingly good and well produced , recorded on 16 tracks in Rio .
700
( 31 votes , average : 3.55 out of 5 )
votes , average : out of 5 )
Good lord !
This bomb , for remote control aircraft , is possibly the most panic - inducing accessory we have seen .
Ever .
The Quanum RTR Bomb System fixes onto the bottom of your RC plane or helicopter and is released using a spare channel on your receiver .
The bomb itself is made of tough fiber reinforced nylon , and will split open on impact and spread its payload .
It even comes with a second release plate so you can fashion a bomb that looks even more menacing than this one .
We love it .
We also realize that , in a world where a man accidentally opening the wrong door can shut down an airport for hours , using the Quanum bomb would mean instant arrest .
Like an elder brother encouraging you to do something stupid , the product page at Hobby King has this wrong - headed suggestion : " You can fill the bomb with fine powder such as chalk to create that perfect explosion effect on impact . "
Can anyone say " Anthrax scare " ?
$ 17 , get them while you still can .
Quanum RTR Bomb System [ Hobby King via [ Oh Gizmo ! ] ( http://www.ohgizmo.com/2010/01/27/terrorize-your-neighborhood-with-a-bombs-away-kit-for-your-rc-plane/(OhGizmo!)]
Connie &
Mary oppose health care for us but tax dollars pay for all the health care they need or want
Hey , did you know that on page 425 of Barack Obama 's health care bill , it mandates that everyone on Social Security MUST get counseling every five years to learn about ways to commit suicide ?
And did you know that health care will be denied based on age ?
And did you know that you wo n't be able to pay for your own health care even if you can afford it , because that " would n't be fair " to those who can't ?
Well , neither did I , but there may be a good reason for that :
None of the above is true .
That , of course , is n't stopping the far right wing from circulating the above as gospel in its efforts to derail the passage of meaningful health care reform in this country , health care reform that Democrats have been trying to pass since Harry Truman was president more than 50 years ago , but that Republicans have been successfully stonewalling every year since then .
... Health insurance in this country is a for - profit business .
You give your health insurance company money every week , and they 're supposed to pay your medical bills when they come due .
In order to make money , the health insurance companies need to take in more of your money than they put out to cover your bills .
So the health insurance companies focus on two things to increase profitability : First , they try to make you pay as much money as possible IN .
Second , they try to pay as little as possible back OUT .
As you can see , their first priority really is n't your good health .
Obama 's health care reform is a direct threat to the profitability of health insurance companies .
Obama 's health care reform , he hopes , would include a public health option whereby the federal government would administer a health care program for people who did n't want , for whatever reason , to get their health care insurance from a private company .
This would be competition for the health insurance companies .
So , in order to compete , health insurance companies would have to tighten their belts , would have to figure out ways to provide better health care at lower cost to the people who buy their health insurance policies .
This would Cost Them Money .
So , as you might imagine , health insurance companies and those who have a vested interest in their continued and immense profitability ( such as lobbyists and anyone else , including politicians who receive contributions from said health insurance companies ) are working very hard to derail meaningful health care reform .
It might Cost Them Money .
And in defense of their profitability , you know what ?
They might even lie .
The controversy stems from a proposal to pay physicians who counsel elderly or terminally ill patients about what medical interventions they would prefer near the end of life and how to prepare instructions such as living wills .
Under the plan , Medicare would reimburse doctors for one session every five years to confer with a patient about his or her wishes and how to ensure those preferences are followed .
The counseling sessions would be voluntary .
But on right - leaning radio programs , religious e-mail lists and Internet blogs , the proposal has been described as " guiding you in how to die , " " an ORDER from the Government to end your life , " promoting " death care " and , in the words of antiabortion leader Randall Terry , an attempt to " kill Granny . "
Though the counseling provision is a tiny part of a behemoth bill , the skirmish over end - of - life care , like arguments about abortion coverage , has become a distraction and provided an opening for opponents of the president 's broader health - care agenda .
At a forum sponsored by the seniors group AARP that was intended to pitch comprehensive reform , Obama was asked about the " rumors . "
He used the question to promote living wills , noting that he and the first lady have them .
... Not since 2003 , when Congress and President George W. Bush became involved in the case of Terri Schiavo , who lay in a vegetative state in a hospice in Florida , have lawmakers waded into the highly charged subject , said Howard Brody , director of an ethics institute at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston .
The attacks on talk radio began when Betsy McCaughey , who helped defeat President Bill Clinton 's health - care overhaul 16 years ago , told former senator Fred D. Thompson ( R - Tenn . ) that mandatory counseling sessions with Medicare beneficiaries would " tell them how to end their life sooner " and would teach the elderly how to " decline nutrition . . . and cut your life short . "
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) and Republican Policy Committee Chairman Thaddeus McCotter ( Mich . ) said they object to the idea because it " may start us down a treacherous path toward government - encouraged euthanasia . "
Brody says the proposal to reimburse counseling sessions " is an excellent idea , " because too few doctors or adult children know what an elderly person wants , even sometimes when the patient has signed a medical directive .
Now Mary 's concerned about costs for a decent Health Care plan .
Where has she been when seniors could n't negotiate drug prices , when rates have gone up on average Americans two digits a year ?
Is n't that a tax on us ?
After eight years of crashing this economy with a war built on lies , corruption at the highest level and watching our state be destroyed , now she 's concerned .
Mary , you are so lucky half the people do n't vote , and your followers watch Fox News ( the more you watch the less you know )
What exactly is your plan Mary ?
Call her office and ask them .
Bonnie Reiss Palm Springs
Our desert is a prime example of the deterioration of the health care system .
Our hospital emergency rooms are overcrowded and our hospital beds are in short supply .
My internist , along with many other fine doctors in the desert , has become a “ boutique ” doctor , and although I presently pay for this out - of - pocket service , my health care premiums continue to rise , along with my prescription drugs and other costs .
I admire the 90 people that challenged Rep. Mary Bono Mack at Tuesday 's town hall meeting in Cathedral City .
Our political leaders must open their eyes to the situation this community and other communities across the nation face .
I applaud those 90 people that braved the heat to visit Bono Mack 's representative and encourage all citizens who care about America 's future health too , before going to their doctor when they are feeling ill , instead , pay Bono Mack 's office a visit .
Ask Mary for some help paying for their doctor visit , the pharmacy prescription , the hospital bed , the visiting nurse , the medical equipment and on and on .
When Mary says she 's “ not in any way against health care reform just some of what is in the bill , ” tell her , instead of acting like a politician of “ no ” to become a politician that is actively involved in “ change . ”
It 's so easy to say no and , frankly , so many of the citizens in my community seem to say no all the time .
I am tired of those that are angry and hostile and who offer solutions that amount to nothing more than name - calling .
Let 's stop saying no and work together in finding solutions that work .
CLAIM : Health care revisions would lead to government - funded abortions .
Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council says in a video , " Unless Congress states otherwise , under a government takeover of health care , taxpayers will be forced to fund abortions for the first time in over three decades . "
THE FACTS :
The proposed bills would not undo the Hyde Amendment , which bars paying for abortions through Medicaid , the government insurance program for the poor .
But a health care overhaul could create a government - run insurance program , or insurance " exchanges , " that would not involve Medicaid and whose abortion guidelines are not yet clear .
Obama recently told CBS that the nation should continue a tradition of " not financing abortions as part of government - funded health care . "
The House Energy and Commerce Committee amended the House bill Thursday to state that health insurance plans have the option of covering abortion , but no public money can be used to fund abortions .
The bill says health plans in a new purchasing exchange would not be required to cover abortion but that each region of the country should have at least one plan that does .
Congressional action this fall will determine whether such language is in the final bill .
CLAIM : Americans wo n't have to change doctors or insurance companies .
" If you like your plan and you like your doctor , you wo n't have to do a thing , " Obama said on June 23 .
" You keep your plan ; you keep your doctor . "
THE FACTS :
The proposed legislation would not require people to drop their doctor or insurer .
But some tax provisions , depending on how they are written , might make it cheaper for some employers to pay a fee to end their health coverage .
Their workers presumably would move to a public insurance plan that might not include their current doctors .
CLAIM : The Democrats ' plans will lead to rationing , or the government determining which medical procedures a patient can have .
" Expanding government health programs will hasten the day that government rations medical care to seniors , " conservative writer Michael Cannon said in the Washington Times .
THE FACTS : Millions of Americans already face rationing , as insurance companies rule on procedures they will cover .
Denying coverage for certain procedures might increase under proposals to have a government - appointed agency identify medicines and procedures best suited for various conditions .
Obama says the goal is to identify the most effective and efficient medical practices , and to steer patients and providers to them .
He recently told a forum : " We do n't want to ration by dictating to somebody , ' OK , you know what ?
We do n't think that this senior should get a hip replacement . '
What we do want to be able to do is to provide information to that senior and to her doctor about , you know , this is the thing that is going to be most helpful to you in dealing with your condition . "
As we mentioned , Thursday night saw the last of the House committees , Energy and Commerce , dealing with the health care reform issues come up with a proposal .
Five conservative Democrats and every single Republican on the committee , earned some extra credit from the Medical - Industrial Complex lobbyists and Insurance company CEOs by voting no -- including a conservative California congresswoman who portrays herself as a moderate , Mary Bono - Mack .
Bono - Mack joined corrupt , far right obstructionists Roy Blunt ( MO ) , Nathan Deal ( GA ) , John Shadegg ( AZ ) , Marsha Blackburn ( TN ) and Phil Gingrey ( GA ) , et al in confirming the " Party of No " image that has turned voters off to Republicans in record numbers .
Bono - Mack has taken in $ 414,088 from the Medical Sector plus another $ 58,700 from Big Insurance and is counting on their lobbyists to help pay the costs of a tough re-election campaign next year against popular Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet .
Riverside County has been one of the most economically hard hit counties in California by Bush era GOP economic policies .
Although it is her husband Connie Mack 's district in Florida that has the worst foreclosure crisis in the U.S. ( 35,134 foreclosures so far -- with 116,979 projected over the next four years ) , CA - 45 , represented by Bono - Mack is 25th in the country and 4th worst in California with 15,328 foreclosures to date and another 51,033 projected over the next four years .
Hers is a district where the rich are doing fine but where regular middle class families are feeling the squeeze .
When the Center For American Progress looked at the need for health care reform in California , the problems they encountered statewide are greatly amplified in the Inland Empire counties -- Riverside and San Bernardino .
Their findings for California : • 2190 residents of California are losing health insurance every day , and 14,000 Americans nationwide lose insurance daily . •
The average family premium in California costs $ 1,400 more because our system fails to cover everyone -- and $ 1,100 more nationally . •
Our broken health insurance system will cost the California economy as much as $ 36.7 billion this year in productivity losses due to the uninsured -- and up to $ 248 billion nationally . •
In California there has been a 13 percent increase in the uninsured rate since 2007 . • 7,700,000 are uninsured today in California . •
In California the combined market share of the top two insurers is 44 percent , limiting employers ’ and families ’ health insurance options as well as the care they receive . •
The average family premium will rise from $ 13,280 to $ 22,660 by 2019 in California without health care reform . •
In California , without health care reform , 995,200 will have lost coverage from January 2008 to December 2010 . •
In California , 3,317,000 people would gain coverage as a result of the House health care reform bill by 2013 , and 5,337,000 would gain coverage by 2019 .
•
A typical California family will pay $ 22,660 for health coverage in 2019 without health care reform .
Nonetheless Bono - Mack has decided to stick with her political party and with her big corporate donors and screw over her own constituents once again .
Insurance companies , conservatives and her party have nothing substantive to say about health care reform so they 're just making up lies and using typical right - wing fear and smear tactics to confuse voters .
Republican leaders -- especially John Boehner ( OH - $ 1,206,472 + $ 904,156 ) , Mike Pence ( IN - $ 453,644 + $ 160,700 ) , Paul Ryan ( WI - $ 685,714 + $ 492,651 ) , Miss McConnell ( KY - $ 2,769,168 + $ 936,057 ) , Roy Blunt ( MO - $ 1,660,898 + $ 556,682 ) and Eric Cantor ( VA - $ 1,410,724 + $ 706,674 ) -- have been all over the media hysterically lying about the health care proposals and earning the massive bribes they 've taken from the Medical - Industrial Complex and the Big Insurance comapnies .
These characters are covering Hate Talk Radio like wet blankets , ginning up the fear , so that people who listen to Limbaugh , Hannity , O'Reilly , Beck , Ingraham , Savage , etc are now paranoid that health care reform is tantamount to euthanasia .
McCaughey 's lies , which Republican members of Congress like Bono - Mack are using to defend their opposition , have been completely debunked and she has been exposed as a fraud working for Big Insurance .
The Truth - O - Meter : " For our ruling on this one , there 's really no gray area here .
McCaughey incorrectly states that the bill would require Medicare patients to have these counseling sessions and she is suggesting that the government is somehow trying to interfere with a very personal decision .
And her claim that the sessions would " tell [ seniors ] how to end their life sooner " is an outright distortion .
Rather , the sessions are an option for elderly patients who want to learn more about living wills , health care proxies and other forms of end - of - life planning .
McCaughey is n't just wrong , she 's spreading a ridiculous falsehood .
That 's a Pants on Fire .
" That does n't bother Mary Bono - Mack one bit because she 's a Pants on Fire congresswoman , happy with the influx of campaign donations from Big Insurance .
Last week a constituent from Palm Springs , Bonnie Reiss , had a letter to Bono - Mack published in the district 's biggest newspaper , the Friday the same paper ran a devastating OpEd asking Bono - Mack what she plans to do about the health care crisis that is devastating so many families in her district .
This morning the Associated Press did one of their fact checks and , although it was written by anti-Obama activist Charles Babington , it concluded that distortions are rife in the health care debate .
Among other things , he deals with the lies about abortion that you 're seeing in Insurance Industry - funded ads and hearing from Republican opponents of health care : Lying about medical reform for Big Business is hardly new for Betsy McCaughey .
Here 's asegment from last February , when she was using the same arguments to smear the Stimulus Package :
Labels : CA - 45 , health insurance , Mary Bono Mack
Way back in 2007 , a company called D - Wave systems demonstrated ... well , no one is really sure what it demonstrated .
D- Wave claimed it was a quantum computer , but if that was so , then this tiny company managed to produce something that was way beyond anything that had been seen in a research lab , despite their large budgets and talented scientists .
Since then , D - Wave has occasionally released new claims , but , most importantly , no actual information that shows that whatever it has built is a quantum computer .
As a result , I was quite surprised to find that search behemoth Google had started working with D - Wave on quantum computer - based search .
Among the questions that puzzled me were why Google would be interested in quantum computing , and , assuming that they are , why would they work with D - Wave ?
In a blog post and New Scientist article , Google researchers claim that quantum computation provides a speed - up in image recognition : e.g. , a quantum computer can recognize a car quicker than a classical computer .
The computer was fed a series of images that contained cars ; these were initially located manually .
The computer then used this information to recognize cars in a different series of images .
If this sounds more like a neural network than a quantum computer to you , you are not alone .
In fact , once you consider that quantum computers do n't provide a speed boost for every type of computation , you have to wonder if image recognition can , even in principle , be sped up by a quantum computer .
The information provided by Google does n't offer any insight into this question .
But that does n't really matter , because if Google is really using D - Wave 's parts , it probably is n't using a quantum computer anyway .
At some point in the past , D - Wave finally admitted that it did n't really know if it had a quantum computer or not .
The company 's claim is that because it has so many bits — I refuse to call them qubits until they show me evidence of the q-ness of the bits — it does n't have any way of telling if the machine is operating as desired .
( Actually , this is a clever bit of obfuscation , because the company is essentially saying that its processors are too big and advanced to characterize .
But that leaves me wondering why it does n't run tests on a smaller processor to show at least a smidgen of quantum - ness .
This is something that is very possible , and has been done before with other systems . )
What would D - Wave have to do to show that its processors are on the right track ?
First , they need to show coherence : can one set two - bit values , allow them evolve in response to the environment , and observe that they evolve in synchrony ?
How long does that sycnchronization last ?
This has all been measured in similar systems before , but D - Wave appears to be saying that it has chosen not to do this for a couple of the bits on its boards .
Second , it needs to show that the bits can be entangled .
Does measuring the value of one bit automatically let you know the value of another bit ?
How long does such entanglement last ?
Again , these measurements have been done for similar systems , but they seem to be beyond D - Wave .
In the past , D - Wave has said something along the lines of ' Maybe the whole thing is not completely coherent or entangled , but just partially .
This will still provide a speed - up . "
Whether any part of this statement is true is actually an interesting question that I do n't think has been answered .
All the proofs that show quantum computers outperforming classical computers have assumed a fully coherent and fully entangled system .
Other work has shown that coherence alone is not enough to provide a speed - up .
But the middle ground claimed by D - Wave seems largely unexplored .
That means both that this claim about its hardware is unverified , and that the computer science community is being left in the dark on something that 's potentially quite interesting .
Given these obvious issues , why is Google buying into D - Wave 's system ?
Quite simple : Google does n't give a damn if it is a quantum computer or not , just that it works , and works better than existing systems .
As it happens , what D - Wave is making looks remarkably like a branch of math called simulated annealing .
While this does n't require a quantum computer , it is still a very good way of solving certain classes of problems .
From Google 's perspective , D - Wave has perfected a simulated annealing system that is well suited to searching images for well defined objects , something that is too computationally expensive to be offered to the public otherwise .
If these co-processors can do the task fast enough , then common searches can be pre-calculated and the results stored in databases for fast retrieval .
This would then offer a vast improvement over the current implementation of Google 's image search capability .
Also , from a bragging rights perspective , it makes sense for Google to play D - Wave 's game and claim a quantum computer .
An Arrest in Qom
By John Hannah
On Jan. 12 , several agents from the Islamic Republic ’s intelligence ministry raided the home of Mohammed Taqi Khalaji .
They took Khalaji into custody and confiscated his computer , satellite receiver , and hundreds of notes , books and personal letters .
The agents also seized the passports of Khalaji and members of his family , banning them all from leaving the country .
Khalaji ’s family does not currently know where he is being detained and Iranian authorities are refusing to provide any information .
Khalaji is a prominent cleric in Qom , the center of Iranian Shiism .
Since June 12 , he has been a courageious critic of the Iranian regime ’s crackdown on peaceful protests and a supporter of the so - called Green Movement .
Khalaji was known to be close to Iran ’s most prominent dissident cleric , the late Grand Ayatollah Montazeri , and is an ally of Ayatollah Sanei — another well - known reformist cleric who has come under whithering attack from the regime following the massive Ashura demonstrations of Dec. 28 .
Clearly , Khalaji ’s arrrest is of a piece with the Islamic Republic ’s escalating — though so far miserably unsuccessful — efforts to crush all signs of peaceful opposition .
Khalaji now joins hundreds , if not thousands , of other brave Iranians dragged from their homes and illegally detained for exercising their most fundamental rights of citizenship .
Mohammed Taqi also happens to be the father of my wonderful Washington Institute colleague , Mehdi Khalaji .
A former Shia theologian himself , Mehdi is today one of America ’s leading scholars on Iran , a true national treasure — as anyone who has read his work can attest .
He is a man brimming with learning , decency , and a deep love for and dedication to the well - being of his homeland and the Iranian people .
It is difficult not to suspect that the regime ’s attack on his father was not designed as a foreboding message to Mehdi as well , an effort to use the long arm of the Islamic Republic to intimidate and silence an eloquent and insightful observer who knows this rotting system from the inside .
Iran ’s Green Movement could well turn out to be the most important social development within the Islamic world in the last 100 years — a truly grass roots , mass movement that is peacefully demanding democracy , human rights , the rule of law , and reconciliation with the outside world .
In recent weeks , several commentators have suggested that the time has come for the Obama administration to move to the next phase of its efforts to support the long - suffering Iranian people , by putting actual names to the growing list of brave souls who — solely because of deep concern for their great nation , beloved countrymen and the good name of Islam — have fallen victim to the Islamic Republic ’s growing viciousness .
The name of Mohammed Taqi Khalaji would be a good place to start .
Well at least US taxpayers , who are now proud majority owners of GMAC are n't blowing their money , $ 3.8 billion most recently to be exact , for nothing .
Oh wait , they are .
But at least Obama still has the union vote : GM December sales came in at - 13 % YoY and GMAC still lost $ 5 billion in Q4 .
But do n't worry , the bottomless hole will return all this and much more for taxpayers .
After all , Obama said so .
In the meantime , everyone clean out your pockets : several tens of billions of more GMAC losses coming our way until GM finally gives away enough cars for free to have its VPs beaming on CNBC about what great a prospect giving cars away for free is , courtesy of endless taxpayer financing .
In other news , nobody gives a rat 's ass : after all China and the Primary Dealers will buy the one eighth of the next 5 year auction needed to finance this loss at 2.6 % .
And all shall be well .
He went onto to detail how aspects of the site have had to move with the times : “ As bandwidth has increased , so has our video quality .
As we 've started to see demand for longer , full - length content , we 've brought more shows and movies to the site .
There are now more ways than ever to make and consume content , and more of you are looking to turn your hobby into a real business . ”
Central Park features boutiques , restaurants and bars , including access to the Rising Tide bar , which can be raised or lowered to three separate levels .
It will house the first living park at sea with over 12,000 plants and 56 trees .
The Pool and Sports Zone features a sloped - entry beach pool and two surf simulators .
Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center features a spa for teens .
Boardwalk features a handcrafted carousel , restaurants , bars , shops , two rock - climbing walls , and a tattoo parlor .
Its outdoor 750 - seat AquaTheatre amphitheater hosts the ship 's largest freshwater pool .
Royal Promenade features restaurants and shops and is viewable from a mezzanine .
Youth Zone features a science lab and computer gaming .
Entertainment Place
Oasis measures , almost half again as large as the runners - up , the vessels of theclass , and several times larger than Titanic , of 46,329 gross register tons ( a different measure of tonnage ) .
To displace the volume of water necessary for the ship to float , and to keep the ship stable without increasing the draft excessively , the designers created a wide hull .
About 30 feet ( 9 m ) of the ship sits beneath the water , a small percentage of the ship 's overall height .
Wide , shallow ships such as this tend to be " snappy " , meaning that they can snap back upright after a wave has passed , which can potentially be uncomfortable .
This effect however is mitigated by the vessel 's large size .
The cruise line 's officers were pleased with the ship 's stability and performance during the transatlantic crossing , when the vessel , in order to allow finishing work to go on , slowed and changed course in the face of winds " almost up to hurricane force " and seas in excess of 40 feet ( 12 m ) .
The ship 's power comes from six marine diesel engines , three Wärtsilä 16 - cylinder common rail diesels producing 18,860 kilowatts ( 25,290 hp ) each , and three similar 12 - cylinder engines each producing 13,860 kilowatts ( 18,590 hp ) .
The total output of these prime movers , some 97,020 kilowatts ( 130,110 hp ) , is converted to electricity , used in hotel power for operation of the lights , elevators , electronics , galleys , water treatment plant , and all of the other systems used on the operation of the vessel , as well as propulsion .
Propulsion is not provided by screws on the end of long shafts piercing the hull , as on most prior ships , but by three , 20,000 kilowatts ( 26,800 hp ) " Azipods " , ABB 's brand of azimuth thrusters .
These pods , suspended under the stern , each contain an electric motor driving a 20 - foot ( 6 m ) propeller .
As they are rotatable , no rudders are needed to steer the ship .
Docking is assisted by four 5,500 kilowatts ( 7,380 hp ) bow thrusters in tunnels .
will offer passengers features such as two - story loft suites and luxury suites measuring 1,600 sq ft ( 150 m2 ) with balconies overlooking the sea or promenades .
The ship features a zip - line , a casino , a mini - golf course , a night club , four swimming pools , volleyball and basketball courts , theme parks and nurseries for children .
Onboard recreational , athletic , and entertainment activities are organized into seven themed areas called " neighborhoods " , a concept which bears resemblance to theme park planning .
These neighborhoods are :
Source : wikipedia.org
Home » Company Incorporation Company Incorporation
A company is an association formed for the purpose of doing business .
According to the New Companies Act 2013 , ' company ' includes company formed and registered under the act .
In India , company can be incorporated either as a private limited or public limited or One Person Company .
The procedure of incorporation all over India is same .
While getting a company incorporated , it is important for an individual to get name approval of the proposed company from registrar or companies ( ROC ) and after the name approval , along with the application of incorporation , the memorandum and articles of association in addition with other necessary prescribed documented are required to be submitted with the ROC .
Next , the memorandum of association stipulates the constitution and objects of the company .
The articles of association contain the rules and regulations of the company for the management of its affairs .
After examining the documents , the ROC issues a certificate of incorporation .
After that , the private limited company becomes entitled to commence its business and a public company after obtaining the certificate of commencement of business from ROC can begin with their work .
Business Query Form
Company Incorporation Services
We offer all types of company incorporation services to our clients globally at reliable rates , making sure that it suits the client 's requirements , satisfaction and expectations completely .
Our well equipped services and the team of professionals have hands on experience in offering complete solutions on starting and setting up a business in India .
We can also assist you in setting up the location of business with a good guidance on other things related to the registration forms and related documents required for the setting up of business in india & across the globe .
The company incorporation services that we offer include :
Domain name
Verified E-mail Account
Online company documentation , certificate of incorporation additionally provided in hard copy .
What amaze me the most is seeing how little the skull actually moves when we speak .
I tough the lower jaw would move a lot more .
Alan Colmes interviewed Scott Lively on his radio program last night regarding this New York Times article examining Lively ’s influence on the introduction of a bill that would impose the death penalty for gays .
During the interview with Colmes , Lively continually insisted that he did not support the death penalty aspect of the bill , but called it a “ step in the right directon ” :
Scott Lively , one of three evangelicals who went to Uganda at in 2009 to preach against gays , says he does n’t support Uganda ’s bill that would punish homosexuality by life imprisonment of death .
Nevertheless , he said , on my radio show Monday night , it ’s “ a step in the right direction . ”
He refused to say that gays should get jail time , but said it should be treated as a we treat those who smoke marijuana .
Yet , he refused to back off his “ step in the right direction ” comment .
The entire interview is fascinating and lasts more than twenty minutes – you can listen to it here :
Brilliant , so easy to install and use .
Does exactly what it says on the tin !
Five Games That Seemed So Promising and Then , Just Died
In a decade full of movers and shakers , not every single opus managed to break free from the constraints of production .
It is a natural thing that creative ideas do n’t make it much further than just that – an idea .
With development budgets increasing year after year , the risk of starting a new IP can be costly , drastically so , to the point of the total termination of a company .
The motto of the gaming industry is , and probably always will be – if it makes money then let ’s do it again , only this time , let ’s make it shinier !
Why not give respect to some of those oh - so creative ideas that never fully got fleshed out .
All that we are left with is sadness , and the cold , hard fact that these games will never be , except in our hearts and minds .
5. B.C
Revealed at E3 in 2003 , this was supposed to be Lionhead Studios masterpiece .
Announced for the PC and Xbox , the game promised to be epic in size – kind of like Fable with a loincloth .
Peter Molyneux promised the game would focus heavily on mankind ’s fight for survival in a very hostile world .
In fact , the game was so far into development that a sequel was announced as well , making this tale a double - bladed sword straight to gamers hearts .
Perhaps the game just got too imaginative for its own good , we all know that Peter Molyneux usually has better ideas than final products .
4. Fear & Respect
Lost somewhere in the massive gaming giant that is Grand Theft Auto , this one was ever so close to seeing the light of day .
It was to be a joint production between Midway and film director John Singleton ( Boyz ‘n the Hood ) and was to star none other than the Dogfather himself , Snoop Dogg .
Eventually , Midway ’s finical problems , and the fact that it looked like a cash in on the whole urban gangster popularity made sure that it never made it to store shelves .
3. Indiana Jones
How magnificent this game was going to be .
A real , spirited Indy game that did n’t have to utilize LEGO to be a great game .
It was announced in 2006 , and was supposed to be the first ever video game to use Natural Motion ’s Euphoria technology .
It was to be a breakthrough for games in general , in that physics would no longer be a gimmick but an overall piece of the game .
The plan was to have the game release around the same time as Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , helping to bring the legend into the new millennium .
2. Tiberium
In the not so distant future Electronic Arts were going to attempt to combine RTS strategy with the balls - to - the - wall action of a first person shooter .
Apparently , the task seemed too much of a challenge , and eventually in late 2008 , EA announced that the game was not on track to meet the high quality standards that they had set out to reach .
A branch off of the popular RTS series , Command & Conquer , it looked fantastic in the trailers released .
Who knows , given more time and money , this could have turned out to be one of the great shooters , but now we will never know .
1. Starcraft : Ghost
Oh Starcraft : Ghost , how you teased us with your almost unlimited possibilities and super - sexy female lead .
My personal choice for the game that never was , it showed plenty of potential over its four year , two - developer life span .
The game was to be set in the Starcraft universe and was to let us take control of Nova , a popular ghost from the Starcraft universe .
It was to involve stealth gameplay in the vein of Splinter Cell or Metal Gear Solid , and focus on the ability to cloak .
Unlike the RTS game it was based off of , this one was a full - fledged , third person action game with cool technology .
Although never officially written off , it does n’t look like it will ever see the light of day .
With concentration now fully on Starcraft 2 and Diablo III , and the interest for a new stealth game not very high , even if it did get released it ’s quite clear that it would not be the same as it once promised to be .
ABBA Leads Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2010 Inductees
Five performers are set to join the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in the year 2010 .
ABBA of the famous Mama Mia ! leads the inductees .
Joining the Swedish group are reggae superstar Jimmy Cliff , American rockers The Stooges , British group The Hollies and British rock band Genesis .
They were voted by 500 members of the Hall of Fame Foundation .
They are to be honored in a ceremony in New York on March 15 , 2010 .
All group bands are saying that they would be performing at the ceremony .
The Stooges were rejected the honor seven times in the past .
Genesis is still trying to convince Peter Gabriel to participate .
ABBA never accepted an offer to appear live together again since 1982 .
They were however photographed together in the Swedish premier of the film Mama Mia ! , which is now the highest grossing musical film of all time .
Benny Anderson said however that the chances of them showing in the ceremony are 99:1 .
To be inducted to the Hall , a performer ’s first recording should have been released at least 25 years ago .
“ B- SHOC is considered to be one of the most entertaining
Christian Hip Hop Evangelists in the world .
Fans describe his music as upbeat , exciting , and great for the soul ! ”
WHY ( Wally Hermès Yachts ) is the stunning result of a joint venture signed in June of 2008 , between the ultra - expensive luxury brand Hermès , and one of the world ’s premiere yacht builders , Wally .
Certainly one of the most radical boat designs I ’ve ever seen , WHY defies all convention .
Costing an estimated $ 150.8 million usd , we can only hope a splashy billionaire takes the plunge and orders one for production .
Anyone have Roman Abromovich ’s number handy ?
WHEN PIERRE MET LUCA
Pierre - Alexis Dumas , Artistic Director of Hermès recalls :
“ When we met in autumn 2007 , Luca Bassani Antivari , President of Wally , had thought about asking Hermès to accessorise the interior of one of his boats .
I was impressed by the daring of his projects .
My instinct was to get on board with him and go and seek out new territories in yacht design , but I had no interest in speed . ”
Luca Bassani Antivari explains : “ What I ’ve always liked about Hermès , aside from its intrinsic quality , is its audacity and radicalism ; its desire to go beyond trends , to make no compromises and to maintain the authenticity of the house .
Wally shares the same values , ‘ Hermès - on - Land ’ , ‘ Wally - on - Sea ’ : inevitably our paths had to cross . ”
THE WHY 58×38
– Spotted by Luca Bassani Antivari , the tried and tested Norwegian Ramform hull , characterised by exceptional and unprecedented stability and volume revealed itself as the ideal choice to be adapted to the WHY 58×38 project
– Following this unique adaptation , the decks and the interiors were developed in accordance with the fundamental credo of WHY , ‘ form - equals - function ’
– This credo spurned numerous innovations in the world of mega yachts : patios generously flooding the interior with natural light , photovoltaic panels on the glass hull sides , a roof opening like Venetian blinds , a 25 meter - long ( 82 feet ) forward end swimming pool , and a 36 - meter ( 118 feet ) aft deck beach
– The interior of the yacht is fitted out with water resistant buffalo leather using the calpinage technique
– The yacht , which took years in the making , has been tested in Gotebourg , Sweden , in a specialized tank testing facility , to see how it would perform in big seas .
The outcome is that , in full swell , the bow moves a tiny bit and the stern stays completely still
– Anchored , the boat creates a totally flat surface behind it , like an olympic - size pool where you can swim in total peace
The Norwegian Ramform Hull
SUSTAINABILITY
– “ We are very interested in creating a yacht that will have a low environmental impact ” , says Pierre - Alexis Dumas .
“ Its relationship with the sea must be respectful and easy .
WHY intends to offer a new way of moving over water by creating an innovative way of managing and recycling its sources and uses of energy ”
– “ If you want to go totally ecological , the only solution is sailing .
The reality is that today , 90 % of the market is powerboats , echoes Luca Bassani Antivari .
Our aim is to reduce diesel consumption per year and per yacht : 20 to 30 % for propulsion and 40 to 50 % for generation ”
– Thanks to its specific hull , WHY 58×38 requires less power at cruising speed than a boat of equal size .
Its diesel - electric propulsion is the most efficient motorisation today , and the surface of the photovoltaic panels , almost 900 square metres , covers most of the boat ’s auxiliary system needs
– In comparison to a yacht of the same size , WHY 58×38 has been conceived to reduce drastically its energy consumption , saving up to 200 tons of diesel per year
– The WHY R & D program includes tank testing for hull stability in the SSPA facilities in Sweden , and the construction of a full - scale mock - up in order to allow the design team to fine tune the living areas correctly in accordance with the hull ’s unique shape
– The WHY 58X38 yacht looks very unfamiliar but it remains on a human scale .
Space is the greatest luxury on the sea , but I believe the new luxury will be the time to enjoy it ” , concludes Pierre - Alexis Dumas
DIMENSIONS AND CAPACITY
58 m length ( 190 feet )
38 m beam ( 124.6 feet )
2,400 tons displacement
12 guests
20 crew
3,400 m² living areas ( 36,600 sq. ft )
PERFORMANCE
12 knots cruising speed ( 13.8 mph )
14 knots maximum speed ( 16.1 mph )
Constant cruising speed up to Sea Force 4
Long range autonomy 4 Atlantic crossings
Promenade on deck 130 m long x 3 m wide ( 426.5 ft x 9.8 ft )
Swimming pool with thermo regulated water 25 m long ( 82 ft )
GREEN ENERGY
900 m² Thermophotovoltaic panels ( 9,687 sq ft )
2,000 kWh stored energy
Last - generation batteries ( LiFePO4 )
Renewable energy production 500 kWh/ day
Lost thermal energy recovered 1,500 kWh/ day
Annual equivalent fuel saving 160,000 liters
From left to right : Pierre - Alexis , Luca Bassani Antivari , Gabrielle Pezzini
WHY DESIGN TEAM
Pierre - Alexis Dumas – Artistic Director , Hermès
Luca Bassani Antivari – President and CEO , Wally
Gabriele Pezzini – Design Director , Hermès
Mauro Sculli with Claudio Cicconetti – Naval Architects
Roar Ramde – Ramform Naval Engineering
Denis Montel – RDAI Interior Architecture
Pictures and Information courtesy of : www.why-yachts.com
First spotted on : designboom
As a marketing mogul , my reco would be to license this song for any future advertising :
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : The Most Expensive Property in Brooklyn , New York
FP ( “ Functional Programming ” ) is an algebraic programming language .
FP was invented by John Backus and presented in 1977 in a paper called “ Can Programming Be Liberated from the von Neumann style ?
A Functional Style and its Algebra of Programs ” .
The language description given in this paper is the de facto standard of the language .
FP was designed as a model of language to support function - level programming style .
It was intended to be more of a math model than of an actual language , and so it was .
It is a canonical example of a language implementing function - level programming paradigm , but it has only a few implementations which differ quite a lot , and none of them is used in real - life development .
However , the concept of FP had strong influence on development of other functional languages .
Most implementations use essentially different language syntax .
The following description uses language notation taken from Interactive FP implementation .
As any function - level programming language , FP consists of three groups of entities :
1. atoms .
FP uses the following types of atoms :
scalar values .
FP is designed to process numerical ( both integer and floating - point ) and logical ( denoted as T and F ) data .
Some implementations , like Furry Paws , extend the language to allow processing strings as sequences of character codes .
sequences .
A sequence is defined as < x 1 , ... , x n > , where x i are another atoms .
Note that atoms of different types can be intermixed in one sequence , so < 1 < 2 5.0 > T > is a valid sequence .
, where x are another atoms .
Note that atoms of different types can be intermixed in one sequence , so is a valid sequence .
undefined value .
This is the undefined used in definition of strict and non-strict paradigms : an atom which has no specific value , either because it has not been evaluated yet or because its evaluation has ended in an error .
FP is strict language : all its functions and sequences are undefined - preserving , i.e. , if function argument or one of elements in sequence is undefined , the return of the function or the sequence itself is undefined as well .
As any function - level language , FP allows the use of atoms only as input and output values of the program .
If program logic requires using a constant , a corresponding constant - value function is used .
2. functions can be primitive or user - defined .
FP functions always take one atom as argument , which is written as f:x .
The list of primitive functions includes :
identity : id :x evaluates to x .
evaluates to .
constant - value : %x:y evaluates to x for any value of y ( some authors consider % to be a functional form , but it does n’t have a function - type argument ) .
evaluates to for any value of ( some authors consider % to be a functional form , but it does n’t have a function - type argument ) .
math +,-,*,/ : +:<x y> evaluates to x+y , if x and y are scalar values .
evaluates to , if x and y are scalar values .
selector : i:<x 1 ... x n > evaluates to x i , if i is between 1 and n , inclusive .
evaluates to , if i is between 1 and n , inclusive .
comparison = , > ,< : =:<x y> evaluates to T , if x=y , and to F otherwise .
evaluates to T , if x=y , and to F otherwise .
a variety of vector and matrix functions , like concatenate , append , rotate , transpose etc .
user - defined functions have the following syntax : { functionName ( function code ) } .
After a function is defined , it can be called in a same way as primitive functions are .
FP is typesafe : the function is evaluated only if its arguments are of correct types .
3. functional forms can not be user - defined .
Unlike functions , forms can have multiple arguments .
The list of standard forms includes :
Robin Hood ’s been through so many iterations ( our favorite : Cary Elwes ’s smirking wiseass , of course ) that we ’d assumed Ridley Scott would whip together a brand - new take for his big - budget reimagining .
What we did n’t realize is that he ’d take the opportunity to basically make a Gladiator sequel :
In the new international trailer , Russell Crowe does his rampaging Maximus bit again , complete with ferocious sword - wielding and horse - riding , plus forehead - bleeding straight out of a WWE “ no holds barred ” event .
Seriously , does n’t this thing look like it could have been spliced together from the forest battle in the first twenty minutes of Gladiator ?
Hollywood 's current strategy for romantic comedies seems to consist of increasingly contorted plot - lines being mistaken for actual freshness .
( The Bounty Hunter , anyone ? ) .
Still , in the last decade , the genre found a lot of the same ways to be contrived .
Advertisement
1. Hardcore Career Woman Whose Heart Melts :
Pity the loveless , career - driven shrew — that is , until the right man comes along .
Best - laid plans , etc .
As seen in The Proposal , No Reservations , What Happens In Vegas , Raising Helen , and New In Town , these hard - hearted women learn what really matters through a series of highly convoluted circumstances .
Advertisement
2. Falling In Love With The Help :
It 's a genre at least as old as Jane Eyre , but the last decade saw no sign of upstairs - downstairs eroticism abating .
Often with the service - industry job in the title — Maid in Manhattan , The Wedding Planner , The Nanny Diaries , even Secretary , these movies were mostly Cinderella fantasies , spiced up with power differentials .
Love Actually actually managed to fit several such romances into one movie ( with Colin Firth , Hugh Grant and Alan Rickman 's plotlines ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
3. Quirky Girl Brings Adventure :
It 's good news that eighties - style makeover flicks were in short supply in the last decade .
And maybe we can also be happy that in the place of the ugly duckling came the nominally indie , self - consciously quirky girl with the adventurous streak — see Natalie Portman in Garden State , ( 500 ) Days Of Summer ( actually , this genre is essentially owned by Zooey Deschanel ) , Nick & Nora 's Infinite Playlist , Juno , and even Serendipity and Along Came Polly .
Advertisement
4. Journalist On Assignment ( Often Secretly ) :
The traditional media may be in crisis , but on the silver screen , being a journalist remains glamorous , exciting , and the best way to meet a man .
How else does one get into romance - ready scrapes ?
See : How To Lose A Guy in Ten Days , Confessions of a Shopaholic , Rumor Has It , Down With Love , The Ugly Truth , and even wedged into dual audience comedies like Mr. Deeds ( an unconvincing Winona Ryder as a tabloid reporter ) and Zoolander ( Christine Taylor as an investigatory journalist . )
Advertisement
5 . The Reformed Bad Boy .
This genre allows both male actors and the audience to have it both ways : first , caddish masculinity and assurance that our hero is a guy 's guy , then , the right woman to come along and transform him , unwillingly , into a softy .
See , for example , Wedding Crashers , Ghosts of Girlfriends Past , Hitch , Two Weeks Notice , About a Boy , and What Women Want .
Who said you can't change a man ?
Advertisement
6. My Best Friend 's Wedding ( Stretched Over Another Decade ) .
There is a strong correlation between the ballad of the overlooked best friend ( or sometimes sibling ) and the frantic drama of the wedding .
Maybe we can blame Julia Roberts — if her character in the 1997 hit did n't get the guy at the end , well , we 've spent the oughts making up for it .
Movies like Made of Honor , My Best Friend 's Girl , 27 Dresses , Definitely Maybe , Just Friends , and In Her Shoes make it clear from the trailer that the buddy will come to his or her senses in 90 minutes or less .
Advertisement
7. Dealing With The Hardass Parents :
In - law jokes are a worn genre in and of themselves , but films like Monster in Law , Meet The Parents , Guess Who , You Me & Dupree , and Just Married took it to the next level with slapstick gags about overbearing parents jealously protecting their offspring .
An implicit reaction to the new overparenting ?
Advertisement
8. Male Lead , Stammering Charm :
Whether you preferred him British ( Hugh Grant ) or Yiddish ( Ben Stiller ) , it was all about the klutzy je ne sais quoi .
Grant in particular owned this genre , starting in the 90s and persisting throughout the oughts with the wretched Music & Lyrics , the Bridget Jones ' Diary movies , and now Did You Hear About The Morgans ? , among others .
Advertisement
9. Fish Out Of Water : Nothing 's hotter than being new in town and needing to be initiated by an attractive stranger .
See : Save The Last Dance , The Holiday , The Prince & Me , New In Town , and Under The Tuscan Sun .
Advertisement
10 . Time Travel : romantic comedies are all about putting road blocks between hero and heroine .
And what 's a better impediment than living in different ages ?
In movies like Kate and Leopold , 13 going on 30 , 17 Again , and The Time Traveler 's Wife , love proved it could triumph over the time - space continuum .
While the government spent zillions trying to prop up its swine flu propaganda campaign in order to grab unprecedented new powers by putting the populace under the spell of a doomsday crisis , duplicitous public officials who paint catastrophic landscapes with pink ribbons and teddy bears are obscuring the real calamities .
The blighted landscape before us has been glossed over with a swarm of lies and appeasements .
What ’s coming down the pike is a crush of oncoming bank failures .
One notable item appeared recently on Money & Markets , courtesy of Martin D. Weiss , Ph.D. : “ 200 Bank Failures Expected in 2010 . ”
Some of the views of Martin Weiss are problematic in many ways , but he has been learning bits and pieces from the Austrian school of economics .
For instance , in the span of a few months , he went from being a rabid deflationist to an overt inflationist .
Gary North has written about this .
Here ’s Weiss in his latest piece on bank failures :
Washington has so thoroughly botched its supervision of the banking industry that 200 banks are likely to fail this year — easily surpassing last year ’s 140 bank failures … inevitably involving the greatest bank losses in history … and already costing the FDIC ten times more than the great S&L and banking crisis of the 1980s did .
Weiss points to the recent testimony of FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair ( he says “ Blair , ” but that ’s an easy - to - make typo ) .
Make no mistake —
Bair is a raging statist and has been selling a pack of lies to the public since her appointment to the FDIC .
Her solutions for current financial crises are always centered on the necessity of more federally mandated reforms .
If you are an advocate of the free market , do n’t read the portion of Bair ’s testimony that attempts to explain , “ Why market discipline failed ” — it will make you bonkers .
On the contrary , she did blast Greenspan for causing the housing bubble and she condemned Washington for enabling Wall Street ’s shadow banking system .
In his article , Weiss has this to say about the magnitude of the current banking meltdown :
Worse than the 1980s :
If you ’re among those who think today ’s banking crisis is n’t nearly as bad as the great S&L and banking crisis of the 1980s , think again .
The average bank failing today is six times larger than it was back then , producing far greater losses .
Moreover , each bank failure is costing the FDIC about TEN times more than it did in the 1980s crisis , according to the Meridian Group of Seattle .
As a result …
Worst FDIC losses of all time :
The FDIC lost more money in bank failures ( $ 36 billion ) than it lost in the ENTIRE five - year banking crisis from 1987 through 1992 ( $ 29.6 billion ) .
And in 2010 , with the number of failures likely to increase , the losses will be even larger .
The size of the banks that are blowing up is an important point to make — one that federal fibbers and media bobbleheads continuously brush aside .
And while the mainstream business organs keep reminding us that the recession ( Depression ? ) is over , and the banks are making profits again ( yoo - hoo ! ) , Weiss notes :
What most Wall Street bank analysts still do n’t seem to recognize is that the giant trading profits they ’ve been so enthusiastic about are generated by the same low - interest
Fed policy that created the housing bubble — and is now in the process of creating MORE bubbles .
Even ex-Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson spoke to FOX
News about the doomsday , saying that 200 bank failures is a “ reasonable number . ”
As of today , for the first eighteen days of 2010 , there have been four bank failures .
Here is the “ official ” FDIC “ Bank Failures in Brief . ”
Additionally , financial strategist Richard Suttmeier thinks that “ 500 to 800 banks will fail into 2012 and 2013 . ”
The FDIC has required that banks prepay $ 45 billion in premiums for 2010 through 2012 , but hold on — much of that is already spent , as Suttmeier notes :
The Deposit Insurance Fund will pick up $ 45 billion from members by year - end .
This inflow is a pre-payment of regular fees for 2010 through 2012 .
FDIC Vice Chairman Martin Gruenberg says that this money will be enough to cover bank failures for the next three years , but I say , no way !
The FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund is $ 16.8 billion in arrears , so 37 % of the $ 45 billion has already been pre-spent .
With $ 5.3 trillion in insured deposits , the DIF needs to exceed $ 54 billion at the end of June 2013 to be above the 1.15 % ratio required by law .
Since June 2008 , insured deposits are up $ 168 billion per quarter .
Given this growth rate , insured deposits could top $ 9 trillion in mid-2013 , which requires the Deposit Insurance Fund to be above $ 100 billion , and is what the FDIC projects to be the total cost of failures .
This money will have to come from the FDIC ’s lines of credit from the US Treasury .
Remember that less than a year ago , Sheila Bair stated , “ Without additional revenue beyond the regular assessments , current projections indicate that the fund balance will approach zero . ”
Is it possible that Bair was hinting that the FDIC was insolvent ?
Indeed , the FDIC levied the premium payment on banks in order to stave off a financial holocaust .
This was a forced bailout from the banks that got bailed out from a government that stole the money from its captive taxpayers .
Moreover , Bloomberg ’s Jonathan Weil noted , a month ago , that the FDIC’s
insurance fund ’s liabilities exceeded assets by $ 8.2 billion as of Sept. 30 .
That marked the first time since 1992 that the industry - financed fund had shown a deficit . ”
That ’s because the FDIC has been underestimating its losses ever since the financial crisis began , which is another way of saying it has consistently overstated its insurance fund ’s capital position .
At the rate it ’s going , the FDIC soon may have no choice but to borrow money from taxpayers by tapping its $ 500 billion credit line with the Treasury Department , an option it so far has avoided .
We are only in the initial stages of this crisis .
The FDIC has been claiming that its Treasury credit line is for the purposes of a short - term , emergency cash flow ; however , the scheme has the look and feel of a long - term lifeline that will snap when the weight of additional banking failures are added to a financial system that is already obese with failure and fraud .
The Best of Karen De Coster
Click to viewThe TSA has n't explained jack .
But we found this audio of a pilot explaining the new in - flight security arrangements .
Based on that , and what else we know , here 's an unofficial guide to travel in the age of the underwear bomb .
Advertisement
Duh : Get To the Airport Early
No one knows what the hell is going on .
Some places are reporting that British Airways became the first airline to impose a one carry on bag only rule , to help make the other thing we heard rumors of — mandatory bag searches and secondary pat downs for every passenger flying internationally into the US — go quicker .
No word if they 're talking about the " personal item " that goes along with the already standard " one bag " , but it 's safer to assume so .
Otherwise , why would they restate the restriction ?
BA says they 'll waive the check in fee , so that 's good news .
The bad news is that at any time , any other airline can decide to pick up and follow suit , so be prepared to check in a carry on bag ( I.E. do n't carry on fragile stuff that you can't shove all into one bag . )
Advertisement
Oh !
More confirmation just this second from Kotaku 's chief , Brian Crecente who is flying back from Australia right this moment with some very whiny kids ( not his ) a few rows away :
We had a second screening at the gate .
Hands on thorough check of every bag .
Also asked me to open my laptops , but not to turn it on .
Then did a metal detector sweep of everyone and very quick pat down .
Male security guards for men , women for women .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
His captain said that there would be some security procedures they'd have to follow that " wo n't hurt " but are " slightly unusual . "
Will They Search Your Underwear or Crotch For Air Safety ?
No word on crotch pat downs , yet .
UPDATE : It appears that the pat downs focus on the " torso " and " upper legs " .
Upper legs not quite the crotch .
I 'm torn .
I 'm happy to retain my security screening virginity , but Hhow will they find the rest of the underwear bombs without going all the way ?
Advertisement
Be Ready For Anything , Especially Surprises
We have heard that only international flights entering the US are going to be going through these pains .
But we 've seen other data to the contrary , and again , we do n't have official word about which flights will enforce these rules , except that we should expect randomness , especially in domestic flights ( emphasis added ) :
" Passengers flying from international locations to U.S. destinations may notice additional security measures in place .
These measures are designed to be unpredictable , so passengers should not expect to see the same thing everywhere .
Due to the busy holiday travel season , both domestic and international travelers should allot extra time for check - in . "
Advertisement
However , readers are coming in with evidence that even domestic flights are being restricted somehow .
And from a Gynranger , who flew domestically :
I few yesterday , just a domestic flight , from New York , NY to Savanna , GA .
We were allowed to use electronics but during take off until cruising alt and about 30 minutes before landing they made us shut everything off , including iPods or computers and other devices even those that didnt broadcast .
Advertisement
Again , be ready for hell .
The Important Stuff : Gadgets
It sounds , as if we 'll be ok between take off and landing , with gadgets .
British Airways is letting people bring electronics on the plane .
Some flights are letting people use gadgets up until the last hour , some the last thirty minutes .
But as said in this Jetblue audio recording , there will be no in flight entertainment system ; " no movies , no tv , no xm radio , the system is required by federal government to be shut down . "
But it sounds like most flights are allowing gadgets , and all the variation in restriction is happening at landing .
Advertisement
Where You Are is a Secret .
Like the Apple Tablet .
So Not Really a Secret .
The government , according to some of our readers , have requested the in flight maps be turned off , too , to , I presume , eliminate the risk of geo precise bombings near the end of the flight ?
Then again , the flight attendants warning you to not get up the last hour of flight and landing gear dropping are sure signs of landing , so WTF .
Advertisement
It 's Always Gonna Be Sweater - Weather
You 're not allowed to have anything genuinely useful on your lap in the final hour of flight — the sterile period — and that rule includes blankets and the like .
This makes attempting to snooze through the remaining portion of the trip chilly and awkward , particularly since pillows are banned as well , so it might be wise to at least dress warm enough to maintain some semblance of comfort .
Advertisement
Bring a Book or Prepare to Die of Boredom
Bring a book .
Not a Kindle , not a Nook , not any other sort of ebook reader , but a plain ol ' low - tech book .
Because apparently books are pretty much the only thing you can have in your hands during the final hour of your flight ( " the government says ok " ) and how the hell else will you keep from falling into a cold and uncomfortable slumber ?
Advertisement
Here , more inconsistency appears , with some readers saying no books on landing either .
Advertisement
From Arturo :
We flew from Eugene , OR to San Francisco today : they would not even let us read paperback books that we had brought with us .
According to them , the new TSA directive is that in the last hour of flight , we are not allowed to leave our seats , nor use or have anything from our carry - on luggage or personal items .
Advertisement
But it is unclear if the books were being restricted because the flyers did n't already have them in hand , or if they were in bags .
Again : Confusing !
Update : Arturo wrote in to explain that he already had the book in hand at the time of the announcement :
I already had the book in my hands when they made the announcement .
I never accessed my carry - on .
They made us put our reading material away anyhow .
This included magazines and anything else that we brought on board .
Strangely enough , they did n't seem to mind passengers accessing their wallets when beverage service came through the cabin .
Advertisement
Even more confusing !
Tinkle Before the " Sterile Period " Starts
As if having to abandon your personal items during the last hour of the flight is n't enough , you 're not allowed to get up to use the restroom during that time .
The captain in the audio recording referred to the Since I doubt that your flight attendants would appreciate seeing you break out a bedpan , just plain head to the lavatory before the seat belt sign hits and a line forms .
Advertisement
Then again , some readers are reporting that on their flights , they saw plenty of standing up and walking around going on after the mandatory buckle up :
I must have seen 30 people still doing whatever 20 minutes in and half a dozen people just get up anyways for the final 40 minutes to use the bathroom , go to their bags , whatever , and that was just where I was sitting .
Advertisement
Again : Madness !
More News Soon , Says Pilot
We 've been keeping an eye on what 's happening in the news regarding flight security measures and gadget - centric regulations , but based on the pilot 's announcement , it sounds like some " more news " will hit the wires " tomorrow " .
No idea if this recording happened yesterday or today , but we 'll find out come Monday .
I mean , the TSA has to say something , right ?
I mean , other than " Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit " with their actions .
Advertisement
What Now ?
That 's what we 've learned from that almost chilling recording .
Of course , whether any of that will actually improve actual security is questionable .
One thing is certain :
All these procedures have raised my personal terror status to the sunset hue of orange - red .
[ Thanks , Jake Lodwick ]
Advertisement
Special Addendum : If I am a Head of State or Roll Deep With Heads of State , Do I Have To Put Up With This Shit ?
Answer : No !
( See the TSA 's Security Directive . )
Previously : The New , Terrifying No-Electronics US Flight Rules , Underwear Bomb : The New , Stained , Patted - Down Crotch of Terror , Electronics May Still Be OK for Some US Flights .
Advertisement
Click to view
I ’ve blogged before about the C++ unique_ptr not being unique and how true uniqueness can be implemented in an ownership - based type system .
But I ’ve been just scratching the surface .
The new push toward uniqueness is largely motivated by the demands of multithreaded programming .
Unique objects are alias free and , in particular , cannot be accessed from more than one thread at a time .
Because of that , they never require locking .
They can also be safely passed between threads without the need for deep copying .
In other words , they are a perfect vehicle for safe and efficient message passing .
But there ’s a rub …
The problem is this :
How do you create and modify unique objects that have internal pointers .
A classic example is a doubly linked list .
Consider this Java code :
public class Node { public
Node _next ; public Node _prev ; } public class LinkedList { private Node _head ; public void insert ( Node n ) { n._next = _head ; if ( _head != null ) _head .
_prev = n ; _head = n ; } }
Suppose that you have a unique instance of an empty LinkedList and you want to insert a new link into it without compromising its uniqueness .
The first danger is that there might be external aliases to the node you are inserting –the node is not unique , it is shared .
In that case , after the node is absorbed :
_head = n ;
_head would be pointing to an alias - contaminated object .
The list would “ catch ” aliases and that would break the uniqueness property .
The remedy is to require that the inserted node be unique too , and the ownership of it be transferred from the caller to the insert method .
( Notice however that , in the process of being inserted , the node loses its uniqueness , since there are potentially two aliases pointing to it from inside the list–one is _head and the other is _head .
_prev .
Objects inside the list do n’t have to be unique–they may be cross - linked . )
The second danger is that the method insert might “ leak ” aliases .
The tricky part is when we let the external node , n , store the reference to our internal _head :
n._next = _head
We know that this is safe here because the node started unique and it will be absorbed into the list , so this alias will become an internal alias , which is okay .
But how do we convince the compiler to certify this code as safe and reject code that is n’t ?
Type system to the rescue !
Types for Uniqueness
There have been several approaches to uniqueness using the type system .
To my knowledge , the most compact and comprehensive one was presented by Haller and Odersky in the paper , Capabilities for External Uniqueness , which I will discuss in this post .
The authors not only presented the theory but also implemented the prototype of the system as an extension of Scala .
Since not many people are fluent in Scala , I ’ll translate their examples into pseudo - Java , hopefully not missing much .
Both in Scala and Java one can use annotations to extend the type system .
Uniqueness introduces three such annotations , @unique , @transient , and @exposed ; and two additional keywords , expose and localize .
- Objects that are @unique
In the first approximation you may think of a @unique object as a leak - proof version of C++ unique_ptr .
Such object is guaranteed to be “ tracked ” by at most one reference–no aliases are allowed .
Also no external references are allowed to point to the object ’s internals and , conversely , object internals may not reference any external objects .
However , and this is a very important point , the insides of the @unique object may freely alias each other .
Such a closed cross - linked mess is called a cluster .
Consider , for instance , a ( non-empty ) @unique linked list .
It ’s cluster consists of cross - linked set of nodes .
It ’s relatively easy for the compiler to guarantee that no external aliases are created to a @unique list –the tricky part is to allow the manipulation of list internals without breaking its uniqueness ( Fig 1 shows our starting point ) .
Look at the definition of insert .
Without additional annotations we would be able to call it with a node that is shared between several external aliases .
After the node is included in the list , those aliases would be pointing to the internals of the list thus breaking its uniqueness .
Because of that , the uniqueness - savvy compiler will flag a call to such un -annotated insert on a @unique list as an error .
So how can we annotate insert so that it guarantees the preservation of uniqueness ?
- Exposing and Localizing
Here ’s the modified definition of insert :
public void insert ( @unique Node n ) @transient { expose ( this ) { list => var node = localize ( n , list ) ; node .
_next = list .
_head ; if ( list .
_head != null ) list .
_head ._prev = node ; list .
_head = node ; } }
Do n’t worry , most of the added code can be inferred by the compiler , but I make it explicit here for the sake of presentation .
Let ’s go over some of the details .
The node , n passed to insert is declared as @unique .
This guarantees that it forms its own cluster and that n is the only reference to it .
Also , @unique parameters to a method are consumed by that method .
The caller thus loses her reference to it ( the compiler invalidates it ) , as demonstrated in this example :
@unique LinkedList lst = new @unique LinkedList ( ) ; @unique Node nd = new @unique Node ( ) ; lst.insert(nd ) ; nd._next ; // error : nd has been consumed !
The method itself is annotated as @transient .
It means that the this object is @unique , but not consumed by the method .
In general , the @transient annotation may be applied to any parameter , not only this .
You might be familiar with a different name for transient–borrowed .
Inside insert , the this parameter is explicitly exposed ( actually , since the method is @transient , the compiler would expose this implicitly ) .
expose ( this ) { list => ... }
The new name for the exposed this is list .
Once a cluster is exposed , some re-linking of its constituents is allowed .
The trick is not to allow any re-linking that would lead to the leakage of aliases .
And here ’s the trick :
To guarantee no leakage , the compiler assigns the exposed object a special type–its original type tagged by a unique identifier .
This identifier is created for the scope of each expose statement .
All members of the exposed cluster are also tagged by the same tag .
Since the compiler type - checks every assignment it automatically makes sure that both sides have the same tag .
Now we need one more ingredient–bringing the @unique node into the cluster .
This is done by localizing the parameter n to the same cluster as list .
var node = localize ( n , list ) ;
The localize statement does two things .
It consumes n and it returns a reference to it that is tagged by the same tag as its second parameter .
From that point on , node has the same tagged type as all the exposed nodes inside the list , and all assignments type - check .
Note that , in my pseudo - Java , I did n’t specify the type of node returned by localize .
That ’s because tagged types are never explicitly mentioned in the program .
They are the realm of the compiler .
Functional Decomposition
The last example was somewhat trivial in that the code that worked on exposed objects fit neatly into one method .
But a viable type system cannot impose restrictions on structuring the code .
The basic requirement for any programming language is to allow functional decomposition –delegating work to separate subroutines , which can be re-used in other contexts .
That ’s why we have to be able to define functions that operate on exposed and / or localized objects .
Here ’s an example from Haller / Odersky that uses recursion within the expose statement .
append is a method of a singly - linked list :
void append ( @unique SinglyLinkedList other ) @transient { expose ( this ) { list => if ( list. _next == null ) list .
_next = other ; // localize and consume else list .
_next .
append ( other ) ; } }
In the first branch of the if statement , a @unique parameter , other , is ( implicitly ) localized and consumed .
In the second branch , it is recursively passed to append .
Notice an important detail , the subject of append , list .
_next , is not @unique –it is exposed .
Its type has been tagged by a unique tag .
But the append method is declared as @transient .
It turns out that both unique and exposed arguments may be safely accepted as transient parameters ( including the implicit this parameter ) .
Because of this rule , it ’s perfectly safe to forgo the explicit expose inside a transient method .
The append method may be thus simplified to :
void append ( @unique SinglyLinkedList other ) @transient { // ' this ' is implicitly exposed if ( _next == null ) _next = other ; // localize and consume else _next.append ( other ) ; }
Things get a little more interesting when you try to reuse append inside another method .
Consider the implementation of insert :
void insert( @unique SingleLinkedList other ) @transient { var locOther = localize ( other , this ) ; if ( other != null ) { locOther .
append ( _next ) _next = locOther ; } }
The insert method is transient–it works on unique or exposed lists .
It accepts a unique list , other , which is consumed by the localize statement .
The this reference is implicitly exposed with the same tag as locOther , so the last statement _next=locOther type - checks .
The only thing that does n’t type - check is the argument to append , which is supposed to be unique , but here it ’s exposed instead .
This time there is no safe conversion to help us , so if we want to be able to reuse append , we have to modify its definition .
First of all , we ’ll mark its parameter as @exposed .
An exposed parameter is tagged by the caller .
In order for append to work , the this reference must also be tagged by the caller –with the same tag .
Otherwise the assignment , _next=other , inside append , would n’t type - check .
It follows that the append method must also be marked as @exposed ( when there is more than one exposed parameter , they all have to be tagged with the same tag ) .
Here ’s the new version of append :
void append ( @exposed SinglyLinkedList other ) @exposed { if ( _next == null ) _next = other ; // both exposed under the same tag else _next .
append ( other ) ; // both exposed under the same tag }
Something interesting happened to append .
Since it now operates on exposed objects , it ’s the caller ’s responsibility to expose and localize unique object ( this is exactly what we did in insert ) .
Interestingly , append will now also operate on non-annotated types .
You may , for instance , append one non-unique list to another non-unique list and it will type - check !
That ’s because non-annotated types are equivalent to exposed types with a null tag–they form a global cluster of their own .
This kind of polymorphism ( non-annotated / annotated ) means that in many cases you do n’t have to define separate classes for use with unique objects .
What Haller and Odersky found out is that almost all class methods in the Scala ’s collection library required only the simplest @exposed annotations without changing their implementation .
That ’s why they proposed to use the @exposed annotation on whole classes .
Conclusion
Every time I read a paper about Scala I ’m impressed .
It ’s a language that has very solid theoretical foundations and yet is very practical–on a par with Java , whose runtime it uses .
I like Scala ’s approach towards concurrency , with strong emphasis on safe and flexible message passing .
Like functional languages , Scala supports immutable messages .
With the addition of uniqueness , it will also support safe mutable messages .
Neither kind requires synchronization ( outside of that provided by the message queue ) , or deep copying .
There still is a gap in the Scala ’s concurrency model–it ’s possible to share objects between threads without any protection .
It ’s up to the programmer to declare shared methods as synchronized –just like in Java ; but there is no overall guarantee of data - race freedom .
So far , only ownership systems were able to deliver that guarantee , but I would n’t be surprised if Martin Odersky had something else up his sleeve for Scala .
I ’d like to thank Philip Haller for reading the draft of this post and providing valuable comments .
Philip told me that a new version of the prototype is in works , which will simplify the system further , both for the programmer and the implementer .
<< Previous Game More Shooting Games Next Game >> 10 newly added games ReBird Wheely 8 : Aliens Stars from the Sky Lee Lee's Quest 2 Zombies vs Penguins 4 Amigo Pancho : The Death Star Basketball Fury Stacko Level Pack Disaster Will Strike 7 Tiny Diggers Ricochet Kills
Kill all your enemies by taking a right shot .
Post a comment
Myspace surveys
The way to stop being frustrated by politics ?
Get involved !
( And before you stop reading because you have no spare time , please know that there are small ways to get involved that do n’t take a lot of time ! )
Think about a sports game .
It can be frustrating watching a game when your team is losing .
But when you are in the game , you can be affecting the outcome and at least know you did your best even if you do n’t win .
It is the same with politics !
So , get on the field of play and use your energy , resources , and your right to contribute to our government .
It wo n’t just make you feel better , it will make your community and country a better place !
Whether you are on the right , the left , in the center , or out in left field , you CAN make a difference in the world .
“ Somebody ” is already making a difference .
Why not join in ?
If you do n’t like the way things are going , stop shouting at the TV and do something !
Here ’s how :
How to Get Involved with Politics and Make a Difference
Small Time Commitment
Put up a lawn sign for the candidate or issue you support .
Contribute funds to a campaign .
Send a letter to your congressman , senator , governor , president that states how you feel .
Find your representatives at Project Vote .
Spread the word to your network of friends and family and encourage them to do something even if it is small .
( You could pass along the link to this article along with ideas of how to make a difference . )
Hold up signs on voting day .
Vote !
Medium Time Commitment
Spend a couple hours working at a phone bank in support of your candidate .
Collect signatures on a letter for your elected officials on a subject you care about .
Call or schedule a meeting with your representative .
Volunteer in your community doing things to help others or help with issues that matter to you .
Distribute flyers that educate others citizens on the facts of your issue or candidate or even opposing candidate ( such as voting records ) .
Write a letter to the editor of your local newspaper stating your position on the issues and candidates .
Be solution focused .
Start a blog and write about your thoughts and opinions .
Build an audience slowly over time and then use your influence to encourage others to take action .
Larger Time Commitment
Create a TV show for free using local access TV resources .
Organize a group of voters around a particular issue or candidate .
Invite your representative or candidate to a meeting .
Attend a legislative hearing .
Organize or contribute your time to a political campaign .
Organize or contribute your time to a volunteer group that helps your community in some way .
Organize a demonstration , march , or rally .
Democracy is Only as Strong as its Participants
My personal feeling is that we citizens need to do a whole lot more participating and volunteering , and do a whole lot less complaining .
Complaining has its place .
When we are dissatisfied , we need to talk about it .
But then we need to make some plans , and then take some action on getting things done , just like we do in our own personal life .
How will all this help YOUR life ?
At the very least , hopefully it will help you be less frustrated with government .
When you get involved you will understand that change takes time , patience , and perseverance .
At its best hopefully you will be improving your community and nation which will benefit you in the long run .
And lastly , hopefully your actions will inspire others to do the same , creating a snowball effect of improvements for our world !
Helpful Resources
How To’s
Being a Successful Citizen Lobbyist .
Tips for citizen lobbying .
Do ’s and Don’ts of Citizen Lobbying .
Holding Elected Officials Accountable to Our Issues .
Building a Volunteer Program .
Citizen Lobbying Kit .
This is a very complete list of things you can do and how to do them well .
This is from a conservative group , but the ideas here can be used by anyone with any political affiliation .
Lobbying 101 .
From the Humane Society , but again the ideas here can be used by anyone advocating for any issue .
Articles
Citizens Impact as Grassroots Lobbyists .
Interesting article on how important ordinary citizen lobbying is !
Volunteering
Organizing for America .
Find ways you can voluteer in your community to make it better .
Communicating Your Opinions
Tell President Obama what you want to see in 2010 !
Find all your government representatives .
Just type in your zip code .
Organizations that help citizens organize to make their voices heard :
Take Action Today !
Will all your frustrations go away by participating ?
No , but some of them will when you see your efforts making a difference .
Do it with your kids .
It will teach them many great lessons about service , perseverance , and about how our government works .
Do it with your friends and family .
Make it a social activity .
It ’s better than shopping !
Be a part of the solution !
“ Be the change you want to see in the world ! ” - Gandhi
Please Share !
Please share what you have done or plan to do and how it made you feel !
All comments big and small are very welcomed !
Adriano ( Firebird Core Team member ) published a document ( sorry , only in Portuguese ) describing how he developed the integration between Java and Firebird , allowing people to write procedures and triggers in Java .
As rain interferes with radio signals , researchers have been able to measure rainfall using data supplied by the mobile telecommunications company Orange .
The new method offers greater spatial resolution than traditional point measurements provided by rain gauges .
In the future , this could be combined with intelligent control systems for sewer networks so as to reduce water pollution in urban areas .
Especially in built - up areas , sewer systems are frequently overwhelmed by unexpected rainfall : stormwater is mixed with sewage in pipes , the volume of water exceeds the capacity of retention basins , and the murky mixture overflows into local surface waters .
In this way , diluted but untreated wastewater -- containing chemicals such as pharmaceuticals , cleaning agents and pesticides -- is discharged into streams , rivers and lakes .
Across the year as a whole , the inputs are relatively low , with only about 2 - 5 % of the total load ( depending on the individual substance ) entering surface waters via combined sewer overflows .
However , short - term peak pollutant levels can be harmful to algae or fish .
In addition , as project leader Jörg Rieckermann of Eawag 's Urban Water Management department points out , the problem will be exacerbated as a result of the increase in heavy rainfall events associated with warming of the climate in Central Europe .
" More accurate detection of rainfall at the local level would allow sewer systems to be controlled in such a way as to prevent overflows of wastewater as far as possible . "
Rieckermann , an environmental engineer , is therefore developing a computer model that uses data from a mobile phone network to reconstruct rainfall events at a higher spatiotemporal resolution than is possible with conventional methods .
Winning in the rainfall lottery
How does the method work ?
Rieckermann and his research team are taking advantage of what is essentially a nuisance for mobile network operators -- the fact that raindrops interfere with microwave radio links between base stations , thereby disrupting signal transmission .
Data on the attenuation of signal strength is used to calculate the intensity of rainfall along the path between two antennas .
Thanks to the density of the mobile phone network , the resolution of the Eawag rainfall data is superior to that provided by rain gauges or weather radar .
In contrast to point measurements , the mobile signal data is based on a network of overlapping microwave radio links .
However intense a small - scale storm may be , it will not be captured by a rain gauge located even 100 metres away .
As Rieckermann says , " It 's often a bit of a lottery . "
While weather radar can cover a wide area , it has the disadvantage that radar signals are heavily attenuated by intense rainfall .
In addition , misleading echoes are generated by the terrain -- a major problem in a mountainous country like Switzerland .
First - ever data from Switzerland
Although rainfall has previously been measured using radio signals , such measurements have not been applied in practice to date .
Using the data made available to Eawag by the mobile telecommunications provider Orange , it is now possible for the first time to employ this system for purposes of water pollution control .
In order to apply the method to an area of around 150 km2 -- with an extensive sewer network -- in the Zurich region , the researchers analysed data from 23 microwave radio links in this part of Switzerland .
For a 2 - month period , they compared the data with measurements from 13 rain gauges , 2 disdrometers and the Albis weather radar station operated by MeteoSwiss .
The model was thus calibrated , and precipitation can now be reconstructed from radio signal data .
Rieckermann hopes that the accuracy of measurements will be further improved by also including drop size distribution in the calculations : while a few large drops scatter and attenuate the radio signal in a similar way to numerous small drops , they generally mean less rain .
Accordingly , a method taking these patterns into account is currently being developed by project partners at the Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne ( EPFL ) .
Municipal trials planned
In the near future , Rieckermann intends to field - test the model in two municipalities .
Here , control systems for retention basins are to be linked to local forecasts of precipitation intensity and movement .
In at - risk areas , the retention basins are then to be regulated before and during rainfall events so as to free up capacity to cope with the expected water volumes -- keeping wastewater overflows to a minimum .
Rieckermann comments : " Against the background of climate change , this may be crucial .
It means that existing reserves can be activated without having to rebuild the drainage system . "
He believes that Switzerland , formerly a pioneer in wastewater treatment , should lead the way once again , " not least because this country has a dense mobile telecommunications network , even in remote areas , and so accurate rainfall data is widely available . "
How does a massive , costly security apparatus fail to stop a known terrorism threat from boarding an airplane and wrecking devastation ?
It happened on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and again on Dec. 25 , 2009 .
“ There must be an agenda , ” suggested Congressman Ron Paul ( R - TX ) in a recent video message to supporters .
“ It seems ironic that there is so much excitement about this and now talk about attacking Yemen , ” he said , noting recent bombing raids by Saudi forces , carried out with the explicit blessing of the United States .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Saudis are our close allies , ” Paul explained .
“ We provide them with the weapons and the airplanes and we did sanction and endorse the bombing of Yemen . ”
He said that terrorist - style tactics carried out against the United States and U.S. interests are a response to occupation of Arab lands .
The attempted attack on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , he said , was a result of “ either awful stupidity or there must be an agenda . ”
“ I am concerned what they are going to do to the American people , ” he said .
And by “ they , ” he meant U.S. leaders .
“ They ’ll add some more security on to us , ” Paul explained .
“ First they make us take off our shoes and then our belts and then small bottles of water and put our computers in a tray and on and on so something else is going to happen , they wo n’t let us get out of our seats or look at our bags , thinking that ’s going to make us a lot safer . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The bigger the problem and the more the fear is built up , the more they take away our personal liberties and turn us all into zombies and the American people go along with it and say , ‘as long as it makes us safer I guess it ’s okay to go along , ' ” he countinued .
“ But it ’s time the American people woke up and started realizing that there ’s a bit of propaganda going on and quite possibly this incident will not only undermine our personal liberties but will also accelerate our intervention and the violence occurring in the Middle East . ”
This video is from Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty , published to the Internet on Dec. 28 , 2009 .
I think he values sex more than he values me .
What can I do ?
Two years ago I discovered my husband was masturbating to porn videos up to 20 hours a day .
Now I can't enjoy sex with him .
He said we did n't have enough sex and that 's why he had to masturbate .
I said he was a lousy lover and I have n't had an orgasm in years .
I should n't have said it , but I see him valuing sex more than his relationship with me .
You are both using sex as a weapon , and it is making things extremely painful .
Try to avoid blame and instead pay attention to some serious issues that must be addressed immediately .
Sit down and discuss them in a non- spiteful , non-judgmental manner .
It is OK to express anger and frustration , but use " I " statements to tell him your exact feelings and ask for specific changes – for example , " I feel very upset about what is happening and I really need us to discuss it calmly . "
It 's no good threatening , belittling , or asking him to stop masturbating ; his compulsive sexuality will not improve without professional attention .
Put aside your disgust , be compassionate , and help him to feel safe enough to seek treatment .
I understand your fury , but you chose him for many good reasons .
Try to reconnect with your earlier positive feelings to him , and work to engage him in a joint effort to improve your lives .
• Pamela Stephenson Connolly is a clinical psychologist and psychotherapist who specialises in treating sexual disorders .
• Send your own dilemma to Sexual Healing .
Email private.lives@theguardian.com
The opportunity to catch a glimpse at life in a long - ago era in 3D is rare indeed , but thanks to the stereoviews taken by photographer T. Enami , Meiji Japan in the early 1900s momentarily appears vivid and immediate .
Enami was Japan ’s most prolific stereo- photographer , and his stereoviews have appeared in National Geographic Magazine and many books .
Each pair of images captured by Enami , ranging from landscapes and sedate scenes of country life to humorous photographs of beefy men bathing nude , has been assembled in a Flickr gallery by Okinawa Soba and transformed into animated GIFs by Pink Tentacle .
In traditional stereoscopic photography , a three - dimensional illusion is created from a pair of 2 - D photographs that represent two slightly different perspectives of the same object or scene .
The deviation between the two photographs is similar to the perspectives that both eyes naturally receive in binocular vision .
Such images are normally viewed in 3 - D using a stereoscope , but ‘ freeviewing ’ is also possible , with a process that involves putting one ’s eyes directly over the images and slowly backing away while focusing on the single merged , out - of - focus picture that appears .
Enami was an enigmatic figure for many decades after his death , but information provided by his descendents in 2006 helped bring together a stunning collection of work .
The online archive of his photographs represents only a small fraction of his remarkable legacy .
A 2009 retrospective
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
It 's that time of year again : 2009 is coming to a close , so it is time for your editor to return to his ill - advised predictions made in January and see how things went .
As usual , it 's a mixed bag ; some predictions went better than others .
As they say , even a broken clock is right twice a day - at least for those of us old enough to remember analog clocks - so your editor could hardly be expected to get everything wrong .
But he tried .
The first prediction was that free software would emerge from the economic mess stronger than ever .
Whether anybody has truly emerged from this crisis is a bit of a controversial subject ; it may be a while before we really know .
But it is already clear that this prediction hit the mark .
Companies dealing in free software are generally doing well , and developers are having a much easier time finding jobs than many others .
The dot - com crash was hard on our community ; this time around has not been a whole lot of fun , but we 're coming through it in good form .
A related prediction was that open embedded systems would grow in appeal , and that Android , in particular , would do well .
Android 's success seems no longer to be in doubt ; it is showing up on a wide variety of devices .
Truly open systems are still rather more scarce than one might like , though handsets like Nokia 's N900 are a nice step in the right direction .
What we are seeing , in any case , is that even closed devices are quickly opened up by their customers ; sometimes it seems like the industry is n't even trying all that hard to stop device liberation anymore .
Your editor thought that there would be fewer GPL enforcement actions this year .
Without taking the time to do a proper count , your editor thinks that happened , though the new round of BusyBox suits announced in mid-September made that conclusion less clear than it would have otherwise been .
But , as seen by Bradley Kuhn 's successful project to find a new GPL violation every day , respect for our licensing remains far from universal .
The fear that a formerly friendly company might go to the dark side and follow the SCO path has n't been realized - so far .
On the other hand , your editor did n't even bother to predict that SCO itself would be gone by this time ; one wonders if that story will ever really come to an end .
Rather cynically , your editor said that we still would not know about the 2008 Fedora break - in .
Apologies are due for that one : the Fedora project posted its report at the end of March .
There are still unanswered questions , naturally , but this report is as complete as could have been expected .
On the prediction that the 2.6.33 kernel would be released : does 2.6.33 - rc1 count ?
Probably not .
At this point , the kernel seems to have settled pretty firmly into a three - month development cycle ; that 's unlikely to change in the near future .
On the other hand , the prediction that the numbering scheme would not be changed proved to be correct .
" The realtime patch set will be mostly merged by the end of the year . "
Oh well .
" 3D graphics will be a solved problem . "
That was a bit on the optimistic side , but we are getting much closer .
The big problem in the future is not going to be 3D in general , but graphics chipsets used in mobile platforms in particular .
On the other development - oriented subjects : the " make or break year " for Perl looks mostly like another year of stasis for Perl ; the Parrot 1.0.0 release does not appear to have brought a lot of new energy to this project , but neither is Perl fading away .
KDE 4 has indeed stabilized , and GNOME 3 is indeed coming into focus .
People are still debating distributed version control systems , and more projects are making the switch .
On the other hand , Go-oo notwithstanding , it 's hard to say that OpenOffice.org has truly been forked .
There is one other important thing to do when reviewing predictions : evaluate what was missed altogether .
Predictions which are always right , but which fail to anticipate the truly important events of the year are of limited utility .
So , with that in mind , one might well ask : what did your clueless editor miss entirely back in January ?
Arguably the item at the top of the list would have to be the acquisition of Sun Microsystems , which had been in trouble for some time already .
Since Sun claims to be the world 's largest contributor to free software projects , any change of control must be an important event .
In this case , the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle has put an important free software project ( MySQL ) into play as various parties try to either use it to affect regulatory acceptance of the acquisition or , instead , use the regulatory process to gain some degree of control over a post - acquisition MySQL .
It is not a pretty picture , but it does demonstrate the sort of importance that free software projects can attain in the wider world .
While your editor predicted success for Android , the announcement of ChromeOS came as a bit of a surprise , despite long - lived rumors that Google was going to get into the Linux distribution business .
Your editor certainly wishes he had gone on record with a prediction that Microsoft would become a contributor to the Linux kernel .
Such a prediction would have certainly drawn a number of skeptical comments ; ah , what joy it would have been to post " I told you so " responses to those .
Alas , your editor was not that on top of things .
But , then , it appears ( again ) that Microsoft 's time as a kernel contributor might be short .
Finally , something that really should have been predicted was the increasing focus on identifying and discouraging behavior which discourages people from joining ( or remaining part of ) our community .
We have seen a number of discussions resulting from ill - considered comments by high - profile people , the imposition of codes of conduct , and more .
There can be no doubt that the atmosphere in many of our public spaces is seen as hostile by many talented people we would like to have as contributors .
There also can be no doubt that we will drive away contributors with excessive criticism of community members whose comments are seen as unwelcome or heavy - handed conduct enforcement schemes .
Finding a balance which works for the community as a whole is going to be a long - term project .
With that , your editor wishes the best of holidays and year - end festivities for all LWN readers .
LWN traditionally does not publish an edition in the last week of the year - there is usually not much happening anyway - so we will not be back until January 7 , when we will resume our normal publication schedule and your editor will return with another set of doomed predictions .
Many thanks to all of you for supporting LWN through another great year .
I received a pedobear Plush toy and a manga book of Zelda : OOT !
It 's really cool , I 'm very glad with my gift despite the fact it came a little late .
Thanks a lot ultimatenerd !
In his Thursday column , Nick argued that building schools and educating people in Afghanistan and Pakistan would do more to stabilize these societies than military interventions .
In response , a number of U.S. servicemen wrote in with their own stories about education as an effective counterinsurgency measure .
One of the most detailed came from Lt. Col. Michael Fenzel .
We post it here with his permission .
Very much enjoyed your OpEd on the importance of education in Afghanistan .
I have served two tours in Afghanistan that amounted to nearly 2.5 years on the ground .
As an infantry battalion commander my number one priority was education .
As visitors and congressional delegations moved through our little corner of the country in Eastern Paktika ( where the literacy rate is at 2 % ) there was typically disbelief that this was a legitimate counterinsurgency priority .
Normally , after hearing of our perspective and efforts , there were converts .
But what we found is that the “ Three Cups of Tea ” solution is more complex since it is rarely how many schools you build , but instead , and more importantly , how many teachers you train .
The only thing worse than no school in a village is a school without a teacher .
We reached out to the University of Nebraska and Columbia University ’s Teachers College to develop a partnership in our effort to raise literacy and broaden educational opportunities in Paktika .
The Governor of the province ( Akram Khapalwak ) dubbed this effort “ developing a Province of Education Excellence in a place that has been forgotten by Kabul . ”
Importantly , he became the primary proponent for the initiative and garnered support from Kabul ’s enlightened ( amazingly , given the level of corruption within ministries ) Minister of Education who offered his own enthusiastic support .
The effort began with a 30 - day education needs assessment where I committed nearly a company of infantry for security to the University of Nebraska and Columbia team .
They traveled to each of the province ’s 22 districts and talked to teacher after teacher and district governor after governor .
This assessment cost us ( the battalion ) $ 179,000 in CERP funds …a pittance .
Indeed , this is how much it often costs to pave one kilometer of road !
They came back to us with a 3 - year plan to place up to 9 qualified teachers in every district and remain on a trajectory to continue mentoring and developing teachers after the three years of funding ran dry ( i.e. self - sustaining — the watchword of the development community ) .
This three - year program cost us $ 359,000 , about the cost of one 2,000 - pound bomb , yet dramatically more powerful in a counterinsurgency effort .
Afghan communities that are largely illiterate are subject to propaganda and intimidation of the Taliban on a scale that cannot be compared to the university cities where there is almost no support for the Taliban .
These university cities are indeed those 10 cities comprising the focus of the defense strategy reported on yesterday in the NY Times .
This is an incredibly challenging effort where the only solutions are tremendously complex and the key to success ( which is embedded in history ) lies in the rural population … not the cities .
The lessons of the first two Anglo - Afghan wars make this clear .
Granting an education and discerning view to the some 26 million farmers in rural Afghanistan is the most important step to giving the country a future that wo n’t be rife with violence .
LTC Mike Fenzel , PhD Student , Naval Postgraduate School Monterey , CA
Everyone loves a little bit of the outdoors .
Whether you ’re fishing in the Alaskan wilderness or just watching your kids play soccer , you are going to love this chair .
Already the best selling travel chair in the industry , it is easily folded , light and extremely portable .
It even comes with a built in cup holder for the frosty beverage of your choice .
The thing I cant believe about this chair is why no one came up with this idea before , we have sprays , foggers , candles and lotions but until now , no one had an insect repellent that was actually embedded into the fabric .
That ’s right , it ’s in the chair !
This chair really does keep the critters from ruining your good time and ends the need to apply and reapply all that stinky , greasy repellant .
The Insect Shield Travel Chair is EPA registered and safe for pregnant women and kids of all ages .
This chair is going to dramatically change how long I ’m willing to sit and fish , no word however , on whether or not I ’ll agree to go camping .
But if you would like to sit around the campfire and not be “ buzzed ” you can pick one up for around $ 65.00 www.TravelChair.com.
Incidentally , Insect Shield has an entire line of outdoor clothing and camp gear all similarly treated with insect protection that lasts up to 70 washings … who knew ?
In either event , you will find a strong advocate and understanding ally at Marshall W. Conick , Attorney at Law .
I have more than 20 years of legal experience .
For most of my career I have helped the disabled and injured in the Chicagoland area including New Lenox and throughout Will and Kankakee counties .
I care about your claim and am here to help .
The Local Difference
There is no shortage of national and regional services that handle Social Security Disability claims .
However , many people prefer working with a local attorney who knows the system and understands the needs of the disabled in Will and Kankakee counties and the surrounding areas .
As a New Lenox Social Security Disability lawyer with more than 20 years of experience , I have an intimate understanding of the legal system in Illinois .
I have extensive experience representing clients in initial Social Security Disability claims and the appeals process .
I have also represented numerous clients in personal injury claims arising from car accidents , truck accidents and negligence of all kinds .
I do not run a volume practice .
I limit my caseload so that I can provide personal service and attention to each and every client .
I understand how important this legal matter is to your life .
I will do everything in my power to help you obtain the financial resources you need and deserve .
Call For Your Free Initial Consultation
The legal process may seem intimidating , but you do n’t have to go through it alone .
I am here to handle all of the legal details of your Social Security Disability or personal injury claim so you can focus on your treatment and recovery .
For your free initial consultation , please contact my law office online or by telephone at 815-320-2492 .
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - A dog had a lucky escape when a Polish boat rescued him from an ice floe that had carried him more than 100 miles up a river and out onto the icy waters of the Baltic Sea .
“ My crew saw ... a shape moving on the water and we immediately decided to get closer to check if it was a dog or maybe a seal relaxing on the ice , ” Jan Joachim , senior officer aboard the Baltica , told Reuters Television .
“ As we got closer to the ice floe we saw that it was a dog struggling not to fall into the water . ”
Ship engineer Adam Buczynski managed to scoop the dog off the floe onto an inflatable dinghy and wrapped him in a blanket .
“ He did n’t even squeal .
There was just fear in his big eyes , ” said Buczynski .
The dog was first seen on the ice floe some 100 km ( 70 miles ) inland to the south on the Vistula river but firemen were unable to rescue him .
When the Baltica crew found him , he had already drifted some 24 km ( 18 miles ) out to sea .
“ We were in the right place at the right time , ” said Joachim , noting that they rescued him shortly before night fall .
The crew are now trying to locate the dog ’s owner .
Poland is in the grip of bitterly cold weather , with night temperatures in some areas falling as low as - 34 Celsius ( - 31 Fahrenheit ) .
Editor 's note :
An update on the story is at the bottom of this article
I killed a dog Tuesday night .
Somehow or another - I 'm still not sure how - Eddie and Darling escaped from their owners ' car and started running .
It was a little bit before 9 when the two Brittany spaniels darted across Glendale Avenue , just east of Central Avenue , in Phoenix .
Darling made it across the street , but Eddie did n't .
He was yelping when my neighbor and I carried him to the sidewalk .
I began to rub his back while his owner , Aviva , patted his head .
She saw everything .
I thought he was going to make it .
Aviva knew better .
It was awful .
I hit Eddie on my way home from the airport where I had picked up my neighbor , Tom , and his wife and son .
They were coming back from Columbus , Ohio , after burying Tom 's father .
Aviva and her husband had just visited their rabbi to ask him to pray for their son , who has cancer .
Nobody wanted to be on the road that night .
But , as Eddie died , something beautiful happened .
In a city that can sometimes seem uncaring at best and cruel at worst , a group of strangers came together for a brief moment in time and were remarkably decent and kind .
A bus driver stopped to ask if we needed help .
Then , a young man parked his car and asked what he could do .
He went to look for the other dog and Aviva 's husband .
It turned out they were already together and fine .
A second young man stopped and just stood there saying nothing .
A middle - age couple pulled over because they thought Aviva , who is quite elderly and was lying on the sidewalk next to her dog , was hurt .
When I said that it was the dog and that he was dead , the woman gasped and the man shook his head and said he was so sorry .
A truck from Station 20 came with five firefighters in their blue T - shirts .
They stayed because Aviva was so upset .
A policeman came and stood next to Eddie .
I moved Eddie from the sidewalk on the busy street around the corner on a small cul - de-sac .
I laid him on the winter grass still wet from the sprinkler .
The grass looked impossibly green next to his fur .
Tom took my car to bring his family home .
Their day , travel after a funeral , had been long enough .
The police officer covered Eddie with a blue blanket from his trunk .
Aviva cried louder .
Two other men stopped .
They patted Aviva 's shoulder and said they were sorry it happened .
They asked who hit the dog , and I told them it was me .
Aviva told them there was nothing I could do .
Another man stopped ; he was desperate to help in any way , but there was nothing for him .
For a while , we all stood there awkwardly .
There were nearly 20 of us now .
Aviva cried some more and told us about Eddie .
He was a very good dog .
On the rare times she needed to yell at him , he would walk up to her and put his head in her lap seemingly sorry he had caused her any grief .
The police officer 's radio announced that nobody would be able to pick up Eddie for hours .
We began to shift on our feet .
Our community of complete strangers , formed in an instant with a nearly uncomfortable level of intimacy and empathy , was breaking apart .
Aviva and her husband decided to take Eddie to a 24 - hour veterinarian 's office up the road .
We loaded Eddie into the back of their minivan , and they were about to leave .
They seemed so old and sad .
Finally , the last man to join us had something he could do .
He would take Eddie for them .
Aviva said thank you and rolled up her window and looked ahead .
We all watched them as they drove away .
By then , Tom had returned to take me home .
We drove in silence .
A postscript : Aviva is doing better now .
She is also already on her way to adopting a new dog .
She contacted the Arizona chapter of the American Brittany Rescue , and the process for obtaining a new dog has already begun .
Aviva wanted to thank all of the friends and strangers who have been very kind during this difficult period .
Reach the reporter at john.faherty@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-4803 .
PayPal grenzt Behinderte aus Viele haben sich schon darüber geärgert , dass man bei PayPal für jede Kleinigkeit die teure Telefon - Hotline anrufen muss , weil Mails mit unpassenden Textbausteinen oder gar nicht beantwortet werden .
Schlimmer ist aber , dass damit Sprachbehinderte systematisch ausgegrenzt werden :
Wer sich am Telefon nicht verständlich machen kann , bleibt völlig außen vor .
Hier die geradezu zynische Antwort PayPals an jemanden , der sein gesperrtes PayPal - Konto gerne wieder nutzen würde , aber leider sprachbehindert ist und das auch PayPal mitgeteilt hat :
Da die sofortige Passwortwiederherstellung nur telefonisch möglich ist , bitte ich Sie uns direkt anzurufen .
Der vorangegangenen Kommunikation kann ich entnehmen , dass
Sie uns nicht kontaktieren möchten , da es sich um eine kostenpflichtige Nummer handelt .
Ich verstehe Ihren Unmut Herr xxx , kann Ihnen jedoch derzeit keine Alternative anbieten .
Ich bitte
Sie daher eindringlich uns anzurufen , da andernfalls die Aufhebung des derzeit eingeschränkten Zugriffs auf Ihr PayPal - Konto nicht gelöst werden kann .
PayPal sollte sich wenigstens die Mühe machen , für Sprachbehinderte einen eigenen Textbaustein zu entwerfen .
Das geheuchelte Verständnis könnte man sich dabei sparen - wie übrigens auch bei den anderen Textbausteinen , mit denen Kunden - Beschwerden abgebügelt werden .
Sie möchten auf dem Laufenden bleiben ?
Abonnieren
Sie den kostenlosen wöchentlichen Newsletter mit Top - Infos und Unterhaltung rund um eBay und den Onlinehandel .
Ihre Mailadresse wird nicht an Dritte weitergegeben und auf Wunsch sofort gelöscht .
Ihre E - Mail Adresse :
Sie möchten sich für den Newsletter
anmelden
abmelden
aXel Gronen
27.01.2010
Mail : webmaster@wortfilter.de
November 11 , 2009
EVERY ONCE in awhile , we hear about big Lottery winners who lock their doors , close their shades and cut off their phones right after hitting the jackpot .
Stories abound of distant relatives and long - lost acquaintances showing up unannounced on their doorsteps with their hands out .
In fact , there was a cable TV program exclusively devoted to documenting the horrors faced by the newly crowned royalty who seem to run out of luck faster than a bride who passes a funeral on her way to the wedding .
We almost feel sorry for them .
Take the poor Pritzker family , majority owners of the Hyatt Hotels , the third - largest hotel chain in the U.S.
They took home just under $ 1 billion on Thursday , November 5 , after cashing in less than a quarter of their majority shares in the second biggest Wall Street initial public offering this year .
It was a time of celebration .
Pop open the Cristal Brut and serve the Beluga caviar , we 're on a roll now .
But , sure enough , on the same day as the Pritzkers were all smiles and slapping each other on the back , people showed up to rain on their parade .
San Francisco hotel workers announced a three - day strike of their premier downtown crown jewel , the Grand Hyatt .
A UNITE - HERE Local 2 union bulletin stated that " workers at the Grand Hyatt will return to work on Sunday , November 8 , but have called for customers to honor an ongoing boycott at that property . "
Management was caught completely off guard .
" We set up another meeting for next Thursday , which is why I 'm stunned that the union pulled my employees out of the hotel , " hotel General Manager David Nadelman told the San Francisco Examiner .
" We found the action by Local 2 to be irresponsible and stunning , " Nadelman lamented .
It seems the 300 workers at the hotel earning an average $ 30,000 annually think some of the Pritzker 's wealth should be shared , and they are not alone .
Speaking in support of the strike , prominent community leader Rev. Norman Fong said that the owners of the " Grand Hyatt made a killing on the market today ; how about $ 250,000 for the workers ? "
Fong was referring to the total amount of money union negotiators say it would take to get a one - year agreement .
" It would take less than 50 cents an hour per worker to get a one - year agreement , " stated union President Mike Casey , " one that keeps our crucial medical benefits intact , lifts our hourly wages by around 20 cents and avoids future strike actions like today . "
SUCH AN agreement at the Hyatt could be the union standard that Local 2 wants to achieve as the model for the other 60 city hotels with expired contracts .
Obtaining a short - term one - year contract would allow Local 2 to keep intact the best national contract in the industry , as well as gain the union more bargaining leverage as more UNITE - HERE hotel contracts expire across the country in the interim .
But the hotels have their own strategy .
Despite a significant recovery underway in North America that netted $ 110 billion profits in the last five years , the major hotels are still resisting an agreement that Local 2 estimates would add less than 2 percent to their payroll costs .
Unwilling to consider even modest gains , the owners believe the otherwise slumping economy gives them leverage to drive through with concessions .
The hotels actually want to cut back medical benefits , lower wages and reduce staff .
This uncompromising stance has drawn fire from leading political and community figures in the city .
Appearing at the Grand Hyatt , San Francisco Board of Supervisors President David Chiu said that " it is investors on Wall Street versus workers on the back streets of our city . "
Local 2 members are ready to make their point on the picket lines as necessary .
Clearly , this will not be the last strike action if the hotels continue their stalling tactics .
Anticipating another tough fight reminiscent of their 2004 - 2006 53 - day strike / lockout and victorious two - year boycott , members voted in the summer of 2008 to supplement their strike fund by assessing themselves a temporary 50 percent dues increase that will last through these negotiations .
With loud and enthusiastic pickets completely surrounding the hotel in the background , Casey reiterated his union 's stance , " There is an economic recovery going on in this industry , and the question is whether the benefits will remain at the top or whether they will be shared with our members . "
After setting up some infrastructure in part 1 of the guide , part 2 added a boid process and got it moving .
Now we continue by adding some more sophisticated movement :
Our boids are currently moving around with a fixed velocity .
The next step towards implementing proper boid movement is to provide a mechanism for the boids to be aware of their neighbours ’ positions and velocities .
To do this we will add another process , called a space cell , that will keep track of all the boids ’ positions + velocities and relay them to other boids .
We will connect each boid to the cell with two channels — one for the boid to send its new position + velocity , and one for the cell to send the boid that same information about its neighbours .
To get the new version explained in this post , use the command :
darcs get -- tag p3 b
http://patch-tag.com/r/twistedsquare/chp-boids chp-boids-p3b
The ordering for these messages is fairly straightforward .
Each frame of movement ( borrowing an animation term ) will proceed like this :
The boids send their new position + velocity to the cell .
The cell sends the drawing process the current boid positions + velocities .
The cell sends neighbour positions + velocities to all the boids .
The boids each calculate their new velocity and thus their new position .
This is illustrated below — the arrows are channels ( dashed blue when they are being communicated on , black otherwise ) connecting up our boids , the cell and the display :
Here is the new cell process :
cell :: [ ( Chanout [ BoidInfo ] , Chanin BoidInfo ) ] -> Chanout [ BoidInfo ] -> CHP ( ) cell chanPairs outputPos = forever cell ' where ( outputs , inputs ) = unzip chanPairs cell ' = do pos <- mapM readChannel inputs writeChannel outputPos pos zipWithM_ writeChannel outputs ( nearby 0.05 pos )
The first parameter to the cell is the list of channel pairs ( one per boid ) ; the second parameter is the outgoing channel to the drawing process .
The main body of the process is quite simple .
It reads boid information from all the channels , then sends it on to the drawing process .
After that , it sends back to the boids all the information about boids near them .
The nearby function has this type :
nearby :: Float -> [ BoidInfo ] -> [ [ BoidInfo ] ]
The first parameter is a threshold distance at which to filter boids .
The second parameter is the list of boid positions + velocities .
The return is a list such that the first entry is the list of all boids near to the first boid in the supplied list ( except for the first boid itself ) , the second item in the return list is the list of all boids near to the second boid in the supplied list ( but not the second boid ) and so on .
Thus we can zip the in - order list of boid channels with the in - order list of boid neighbours in the cell ’ process .
At the moment , our boid is not implementing the full range of boid rules — only the rule that makes it adopt the mean velocity of its neighbours .
That was done fairly simply :
boid ' cur = do writeChannel out cur neighbours <- readChannel input --
Use average velocity of nearby boids for now : let average xs = sum xs / fromIntegral ( length xs ) ( vX , vY ) | null neighbours = ( defaultVelX , defaultVelY ) | otherwise = ( average $ map velX neighbours , average $ map velY neighbours ) boid ' $ BoidInfo ( clamp $ posX cur + vX ) ( clamp $ posY cur + vY ) vX vY
The boid first sends out its position , then it reads in the information about its neighbours .
The let block contains the pure calculation for adopting the mean velocity of its neighbours , and then the boid recurses .
If you run the current version of the simulation , you will see a coagulating effect occur — as the boids near each other , they slowly form into a static mass that then moves slowly along as one ( see the example screenshot on the right ) .
This is not full flocking behaviour , but it at least bears a resemblance !
In the next part of the guide we will implement the full set of boid rules .
This is just too good to add as an update to my earlier Coakley post .
Via Jammie Wearing Fool , MassLive pays attention to that disclaimer message at the end of a Martha Coakley ad , and notices a Dan Quayle moment :
On the heels of last night ’s final debate between Martha Coakley , Scott Brown and Joseph L. Kennedy , Coakley released a new ad attacking Scott Brown — an aggressive turn that many observers have thought was long overdue .
However the ad ’s message might get lost by a spelling gaffe that appears in the ad ’s closing seconds .
In the fine print appearing at the bottom of the screen , the ad reads : Paid for by Massachusettes Democratic Party and Authorized by Martha Coakley for Senate .
Approved by Martha Coakley .
Close observers will notice that there is an extra ‘ E ’ tacked onto the end of ‘ Massachusetts .
It ’s a trivial oversight , for sure , but you can bet that the jokes and jabs the typo will inspire will blunt at least some of the impact of the ad .
Here ’s the screenshot :
And just to make clear , this came from Coakley ’s own YouTube channel — see upper right of this screencap :
Maybe Coakley ought to know how to spell her state ’s name before asking voters there to send her to Washington to represent them .
At the very least , it ’s an answer to Democratic zingers about Dan Quayle , who managed to spell Indiana correctly even if misspelling potato on an infamous occasion .
Update : Coakley has pulled the video — which makes the screen - cap all that more valuable .
Update II : Ha !
Fixed my own misspelling .
Well , I guess I can abandon my bid for the Senate seat from the state of Very .
Longtime Republican politico allegedly punched , choked and had sex with woman when she blacked out after drinking glass of wine
Former Missouri House Speaker Rod Jetton was charged with second - degree assault Monday stemming from a woman ’s claim that he hit her in the face several times and choked her .
The 42 - year - old Republican was named in a complaint filed Monday in Scott County Circuit Court in southeastern Missouri .
The complaint alleges that on Nov. 15 , Jetton “ caused serious physical injury ” by hitting the woman on the head and choking her , which resulted in unconsciousness and the loss of function for part of her body .
ADVERTISEMENT
Second - degree assault is a felony that carries a prison sentence of up to seven years .
According to a probable cause statement filed by a Sikeston police detective , Jetton and the woman discussed having sex , he came to her home on Nov. 15 and stayed until the next day .
Jetton poured her a glass of wine in the kitchen while she remained in the living room .
After drinking wine while watching a football game , the woman reported fading in and out of consciousness several times during the evening .
Police say the woman claimed Jetton hit her in the face several times “ very hard ” and she said she woke up at one point , lying on the floor as Jetton was choking her .
The woman said she then remembered waking up while Jetton was behind her having sex in the bedroom .
Police say there were bruises on the outside of the woman ’s thighs , left side and breast that were photographed .
According to the probable cause statement , the woman reported “ blank spots ” in her memory that she had not experienced before while drinking .
The Associated Press is not identifying the woman .
ADVERTISEMENT
Jetton , who is from the southeast Missouri town of Marble Hill , did not immediately return a call seeking comment .
There was no immediate response to a message sent to his e-mail address .
Online court records show that bond was set at $ 2,500 for Jetton and that he is required to avoid the woman .
It was not known Monday if Jetton had been arrested .
The probable cause statement indicates that Jetton was not in custody .
Police in Sikeston referred calls for comment to the city attorney , who was out of the office and unavailable for comment .
The Scott County Sheriff ’s Office said it had not taken Jetton into custody .
ADVERTISEMENT
A woman who answered the telephone at the Scott County prosecutor ’s office said no one was available to comment .
Jetton was elected to the Missouri House in 2000 and was chosen as speaker in 2005 .
He left the House after the 2008 session because of term limits and now works as a political consultant in Jefferson City .
ADVERTISEMENT
— Full story continues below —
Enlarge Artist 's concept by Boeing
This aircraft 's test at 2007 war games was called unrelated to a Boeing consultant .
FROM AIR FORCE CHIEF OF STAFF TO BUSY CONSULTANT FROM AIR FORCE CHIEF OF STAFF TO BUSY CONSULTANT Like most Durango consultants , former Air Force chief of staff Ronald Fogleman , the company 's founder , has wide - ranging corporate relationships .
They include : • Chairman of the board of weapons - maker ATK , which paid him $ 180,000 in stock and fees in fiscal 2009 , securities records show .
• Board member of Air Force contractor AAR Corp. , which paid him $ 127,000 in stock and fees in fiscal 2009 .
Ronald Fogleman AP • Senior vice president at Projects International , a Washington consulting firm that boasts on its website of having " special expertise where there is a nexus between government and business interests . "
• Executive board member of J.F. Lehman , a private equity firm that buys and sells defense companies .
•
Director of four other defense contractors that do n't disclose compensation .
• Consultant for aerospace defense contractors Boeing , Northrop Grumman and Raytheon , according to his Durango biography .
By Ken Dilanian and Ray Locker WASHINGTON 
In a marketplace awash in consulting firms that help defense companies sell to the Pentagon , the Durango Group has a unique advantage .
The Colorado - based firm has become a base of operations for retired officers who also are handsomely paid by the military for their advice .
No other defense consulting firm employs more " senior mentors " than Durango .
Of the 59 former officers who work for Durango , 15 also serve as mentors , a USA TODAY investigation found .
As Durango associates , the retired officers are paid to help private companies win and administer Pentagon contracts .
As mentors , the retirees are paid by the military to help run war games , which also gives them access to classified strategies and weapons systems .
Durango cites these mentoring assignments on its website as signs of its associates ' unique connections .
Along with their work for Durango and the military , these retired officers , mostly from the Air Force , are paid advisers , consultants and corporate directors on the boards of at least 20 companies , according to public records .
Three of them work for private equity firms to help them identify , buy and then run defense contractors .
Durango 's ability to mix mentoring and consulting work illustrates how closely the private interests of some mentors overlap with their military advisory jobs .
The firms ' mentors move seamlessly between roles as paid advisers to the services and paid consultants to defense companies in the same subject areas , USA TODAY found .
As a result , Durango and the mentors it employs draw income from multiple sources .
Both get paid by the military for advice and by defense contractors who want consulting help .
The firm also benefits from having its mentors serve as corporate directors or advisers for other companies .
That kind of overlap is not illegal .
But some analysts say it should be .
" That is an amazing conflict of interest , " said Craig Holman of the non-partisan watchdog group Public Citizen .
" They are working for two masters .
Are they pursuing the public interest , or are they pursuing the contractors ' interests ?
...
The conflict of interest law ought to be expanded to cover this . "
UNDER THE RADAR : Military mentors discreetly hired , fired NEW SCRUTINY : Gates orders review of mentor program Durango is not the only consulting firm staffed by retired generals and admirals who specialize in helping companies win Pentagon contracts .
Many such firms , such as Burdeshaw Associates , the Spectrum Group , Dayton Aerospace and Cypress International , include one or more senior mentors .
The military 's senior mentor programs are now the subject of a high - level review ordered by Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
Earlier this month , he asked Deputy Secretary William Lynn to review whether mentors are overpaid and whether their work poses a conflict of interest .
In advertising its expertise in space and cyberwarfare , Durango says on its website that its consultants " have led and operated across the full spectrum of command " for the Pentagon .
" Durango Group associates can deliver exquisite advice and counsel to government leaders in the space and cyber domains , and help industry fill their most urgent and critical needs . "
For example , Tracking Innovations , a Buffalo - based defense firm , announced in May that it chose Durango 's Robert Bishop as a consultant to help the company add military business .
Bishop , a former Air Force lieutenant general , also is a mentor " instructing Air Force and Army senior leaders on Command and Control of Air and Space , " the company said .
Durango " has ... relationships and strategic insight into Department of Defense and military services , " it said .
Other Durango associates mentor at the nation 's major space war games , public records show , even as they 've worked for companies , such as aviation giant Boeing , that sell products being tested at those games .
Last month , USA TODAY reported that the military 's senior mentor programs have grown significantly in recent years , with little scrutiny from Pentagon leadership and none from Congress .
In addition to pensions of up to $ 220,000 a year , retired generals and admirals are being paid up to $ 1,600 a day to be mentors , and many are earning far more consulting for defense firms .
About 80 % of the 158 mentors identified through public records had financial ties with defense firms , but they 're not required to disclose those ties to the military or the public .
Because they are retained as contractors , mentors are n't subject to the conflict - of - interest provisions that would apply if they were brought in as temporary federal employees .
Defense consultants are not required to register as lobbyists if they do n't spend more than 20 % of their time talking to Congress or the executive branch political appointees covered by lobbying disclosure rules .
Therefore , their fees , clients and activities typically are not disclosed to the public .
A Senate subcommittee led by Sen. Claire McCaskill , D - Mo. , also is investigating the mentor programs .
Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , said retired generals should be prohibited from participating in war games that have a bearing on the financial interests of their defense clients .
Such a ban could change the way the Durango Group and others do business .
A clearinghouse From its inception , the Durango Group sold itself as a clearinghouse for both military mentors and defense consultants .
The firm 's founder , former Air Force chief of staff Ronald Fogleman , retired in 1997 .
After leaving the Air Force , Fogleman became " a military - industrial legend , " military columnist William Arkin has written , advising the Pentagon and representing aerospace companies .
Fogleman , now 67 , launched Durango in 2005 because , " he was receiving calls all the time from people to do consulting or board work or mentoring , " said retired Air Force general Gregory " Speedy " Martin , Durango 's chairman and fellow senior mentor .
" What he did initially was call up people that he knew ... and basically place them " as mentors for various exercises , said Martin , who retired in 2005 as head of the Air Force Materiel Command .
The Durango Group offered a way to formalize the referrals , Martin said .
" It became a brokering operation , " he said .
The Air Force and its contractors would hire Durango , which would then send its in - house mentors to work on various war games and exercises .
In fact , Durango sometimes is paid taxpayer dollars to provide pre-approved mentors for the military , and sends whichever of its associates is available and suited for the job , Martin said .
Durango earns an administrative fee under that arrangement , he said .
Neither Martin nor the Air Force would disclose how much .
Fogleman declined to be interviewed for this story .
Both Fogleman and Martin have been senior mentors for the Air Force .
That service declined to release information on how it has used mentors and how much it has paid them , including those at Durango .
Martin also mentors for the Joint Forces Command , he said .
Martin acknowledged that as a senior mentor , he gets " useful , current information , " while advising the military .
But he said he and other mentors are careful not to use that information in a way that would unfairly benefit their companies or defense clients .
" I try very hard to separate my mentoring duties from any consulting that I do , " he said .
Like most Durango consultants , Fogleman has wide - ranging corporate relationships , including service on the board of directors of six defense contractors and as an adviser to a private equity firm that invests in defense contractors .
Martin also has his own consulting firm whose clients include defense contractor Northrop Grumman , he said .
He 's also a partner in the Four Star Group , a private equity firm that invests in defense companies .
And he 's a member of the Center for Innovation in Government , sponsored by defense contractor Unisys .
Durango 's connections were cited as its most valuable attribute when the company was purchased in 2007 by Galen Capital Corp. , a private equity firm .
The transaction was private , so financial details were n't disclosed .
" Durango will give Galen a competitive advantage in the complex and connection - driven homeland security sector , " Galen said in a news release .
" In this industry , connections in the defense establishment have as much to do with success as access to capital . "
These days , Durango says it consists of about 70 " senior associates , " including the 59 former senior defense officials .
Because it 's a private company , its revenue is not reported .
Mentors and space policy
Every two years , the nation 's pre-eminent space exercise , the Schriever Space War Games , is held either at Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado or Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada .
The five - day classified event , which focuses on strategies , satellites and weapons systems , is " more than a war game , " Col .
Larry Chodzko , who directed the 2007 games , said in an Air Force news release .
It helps " shape space strategy and planning through 2025 " and leads to " real world policies . "
The games include dozens of retired generals as mentors alongside hundreds of active - duty participants , military documents show .
Three Durango associates have been senior mentors there , including Fogleman , retired general Lance Lord , the former head of Space Command , and retired lieutenant general John Baker , the former vice commander of the Air Mobility Command .
In the 2007 news release , Fogleman said the war game was helpful in " developing national space policy . "
The news release identified Fogleman as a retired general and senior mentor but did n't make reference to his work for several private companies who have an interest in national space policy .
One of Fogleman 's clients , Boeing , had a particular stake in the 2007 exercise .
The company is one of the nation 's largest defense contractors and a major seller of military aircraft and satellites , According to the Army Space Journal , a key aspect of the games was to examine " operational concepts " related to a high - tech drone , known as High Altitude Long Endurance , or HALE — an unmanned aircraft that flies high and stays aloft for long periods .
In May 2007 , two months after the war games concluded , Boeing said it was developing such an aircraft for military uses , according to Jane 's Defence Weekly .
There was no connection with Fogleman , Boeing said in a statement to USA TODAY .
Fogleman participated in the war games as a retired general officer , not as a Boeing consultant , the statement released by company spokesman Douglas Kennett said .
" No government information learned in these exercises was shared , and to do so would have been contrary to government and Boeing policies , " the statement said .
" Therefore , any timing between an announcement by Boeing about a program under development and attendance at a war game ... is totally unrelated . "
The Air Force also said there was no conflict .
" Fogleman was not in the area where capabilities ( of HALE ) were discussed , " a statement released by the Air Force said .
" Therefore , the Air Force does not believe there is an apparent or perceived conflict of interest . "
Air Force officials did not respond to a follow - up question asking whether Fogleman had access to the information , as a senior mentor , whether or not he was " in the area . "
Mentors ' activities at the exercises such as Schriever are valuable to their defense clients , analysts say .
" If you have a guy who is inside the tent at an event like that , it 's easier to talk up the concept you are selling , " said James Hasik , an independent defense analyst .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( Natural News ) Exposure to compact fluorescent light bulbs may be dangerous to many people 's health , a number of consumer advocacy groups have warned the British government .
Under a 2007 agreement , European Union nations recently began to phase out the sale of traditional incandescent light bulbs in order to reduce energy consumption .
According to David Price of the nonprofit alliance Spectrum , the British government has been " disregarding " the health concerns of people with light - sensitive health conditions in its efforts to comply with this mandate .
'' Health is important and it should come over anything else , but they 're not looking after ours , '' Price said .
'' They 're not listening to the public and are n't talking to the actual sufferers . '' Light sensitivity can be caused by medication or by underlying health conditions .
In some sufferers , compact fluorescent lighting can trigger migraines , rashes or other health problems .
Brenda Ryan of Godshill said that the new prevalence of compact fluorescent bulbs so severely aggravates her lupus that she is now forced to remain indoors to avoid a severe red-purple rash and " continuous vomiting .
" Lee Tomkins of the nonprofit Migraine Action has urged light sensitive individuals to stockpile incandescent bulbs before they vanish from stores .
The British Association of Dermatologists voiced concerns similar to Spectrum's and criticized the government for not allowing exemptions to the incandescent bulb ban .
'' What we need , very simply , is for access to remain available to incandescent lamps for people who are sensitive to non-incandescent bulbs , " an association spokesperson said .
'' This would be a simple solution and as yet we have not been notified as to why this is not the case .
" The Royal Association of Blind People raised another concern with the phase - out of traditional bulbs , noting that compact fluorescents give off a lower quality of light than incandescents , which can cause difficulties for partially - sighted people .
A
Department of Health spokesperson said that the use of " double envelope " compact fluorescents , which look like incandescent bulbs from the outside , can significantly reduce their light sensitivity aggravating effects .
Energy efficient halogen lamps will also remain on the market .
Sources for this story include : www.telegraph.co.uk
|
I do remember dancing on lit floors , colored lights , flashing .
That may seem like a long time ago , it was a long time ago , I remember the disco beat , I remember the dancing , and I remember when the wave turned against disco music , when it became reviled , as punk moved into New York .
I remember the Bee Gees , I remember Donna Summer , I remember dancing on those lit floors , but there are some things I 'm learning about that I do n't remember .
I do n't remember Arthur Russell .
In fact , I 'd never heard of Arthur Russell until a week ago , one of my sons gave me a CD of his small folk pop tunes , his friend is writing about Russell , and it was all news to me .
I looked him up , started reading about him , a wide ranging musician , friends with Allen Ginsberg , alternative musical compositions , cello , pop tunes , David Byrne , a victim of AIDS at age 41 .
And disco .
You see , I may have been dancing on a few lit floors , colored lights , but where I was dancing the audience was n't shouting back Yes ! to the Loose Joints when they sang " Is It All Over My Face ? , " they were n't dancing to that song , it was n't on any radio station I listened to .
I thought I 'd heard disco music , but I 'd never heard a cello in a disco song , I do n't think I 'd heard trombones , either , and I know I had n't heard the double entendre of is it all over my face .
" Is it all over my face , " Is it all over my face , the fact that I 'm loving this dancing , that 's what the words meant , but is it all over my face , a crowd of men dancing , gay men , 1980 , before the fall , is it all over my face , that audience knew the second meaning and as they danced they shouted back , Yes !
I 'm not sure I listened very closely to the lyrics of those disco songs I knew back then , but I 'm doubting I ever heard the implicit darkness that I hear now in Russell 's 1978 underground hit , " Kiss Me Again , " long , repetitive , but minimal in a very advanced sort of way .
The vocalist , a woman , sings the lines , but there 's a detachment , given what she is singing , " the wind blows , " There 's a subversiveness to this disco music , this is not John Travolta , the straight man at the center , leading , strutting , no , this music is off , it 's anticipating things that are coming , it 's queer .
So queer , the producers of " Is It All Over My Face , " when they discovered what Russell had given them , quickly remixed it , removing the male vocals and replacing them with a female , so that we have the Male Version , original , a little harder to find , and the Female Version , less rough around the edges , more widely heard .
And now , with time , with the years having past , this music is all about places that do n't exist any longer , the Garage and the Loft , a world that is gone , a sexually liberated world , men in New York asserting themselves , taking hold of their sexuality , but just before things change , they do n't know what 's coming , they are dancing all night , is it all over my face they are singing , I 'm in love dancin ..................
BAGHDAD  A series of car bombings devastated government institutions across Baghdad on Tuesday , provoking public and political denunciations of the country ’s prime minister and the security forces he oversees .
The attacks came as officials agreed at last to set a date in March for a national election .
The bombings , a coordinated assault on the capital , highlighted an ominous convergence of politics and violence , which American and Iraqi officials have long warned will mar the country ’s election .
The vote , originally scheduled for January , was delayed by ethnic and sectarian disputes resolved only two days ago .
Five bombs , at least three detonated by suicide attackers , struck a courthouse , two colleges , a mosque and a bank .
They created chaos across the city , locking down entire neighborhoods , overwhelming the police and rescue workers , and filling hospitals with the wounded .
In one , a woman with her hair scorched and neck bloodied agonized as her child lay dying in a hallway .
At least 121 people were killed and more than 400 were wounded , according to police and hospital officials .
The attacks appeared intended to cripple the government ’s basic ability to function , and at least in part they succeeded .
Two government institutions struck on Tuesday , the Finance Ministry and an appeals court , had only just relocated to new buildings after similar attacks destroyed their old offices in August and October .
Many victims , standing amid debris and carnage , blamed Iraq ’s army and police force , which have taken charge of security as American forces have withdrawn from cities .
They also linked the attacks to the protracted political jockeying over the election .
“ Are we cursed ? ” yelled a young woman near the mosque that was struck in Qahira , in northeast Baghdad .
She had burns over her arms and legs .
“ When will we be finished with this election issue ? ” Prospective candidates blamed the security forces and the government for once again failing to protect the heart of Baghdad .
The attacks were the worst in Iraq since twin suicide bombings destroyed three government agencies on Oct. 25 , killing at least 155 .
They fit a pattern of spectacularly lethal attacks in the capital , followed by weeks of relative calm .
In August , two suicide car bombs struck the country ’s Finance and Foreign Ministries , killing at least 122 .
Those attacks became known as Bloody Sunday and Bloody Wednesday , respectively .
Officials and average Iraqis promptly added the adjective to Tuesday , as well .
Image Rescuers carried a victim of a bomb attack in Baghdad on Tuesday .
Five bombs were set off in the capital , at least three of them by suicide bombers .
Credit ... Bassim Shati / Reuters
“ We can only hope that not every day will turn into Bloody Days , ” Wathab Shakir , a Sunni lawmaker , declared during a stormy session of Parliament convened hours after the attacks .
The bombings underscored the inability of Iraq ’s security forces to stop carefully orchestrated attacks , despite an overwhelming presence at checkpoints that punctuate every major street in Baghdad .
Not one of dozens of lawmakers who fulminated in Parliament expressed any confidence in Iraq ’s security , a rare display of unity across political and sectarian divisions .
The session included calls for the resignations of senior military and police commanders , particularly the head of the Baghdad Operations Command , Gen. Aboud Qanbar , appointed by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki .
“ The Iraqi government holds a great deal of responsibility for the bombings today and those in the past because of its negligence , ” said Hassan al - Shimary , a member of Parliament from Fadhila , a party that joined a Shiite - led coalition challenging Mr. Maliki in the coming election .
The blasts began shortly after 10 a.m. and reverberated through the city for the next 50 minutes , sending enormous plumes of black smoke skyward .
The first occurred in Dora , in southern Baghdad , when a suicide bomber detonated his car as he passed a police patrol near the entrance to a vocational college .
At least nine people were killed there , including three police officers .
At least 31 others were hospitalized , many of them students .
Broken glass , body parts , blood and sewage covered the street .
One of the deadliest attacks struck the headquarters of the Rafaidyan Bank downtown , where many workers from the Finance Ministry had moved after the ministry ’s building was destroyed in the August bombings .
Dozens died there , though officials did not have an exact toll .
“ The bomber wanted numbers , ” Capt .
Saif al - Dairi of the Federal Police said at the scene in Dora .
“ He wanted to kill as many people as possible . ”
John Montagu , the fourth Earl of Sandwich , is famous for a particular type of obscurity .
You may know nothing about him other than that he was saved from oblivion by the way he liked to snack — with a slab of salt beef stuffed between two pieces of toast .
He is famous , in other words , for being the obscure figure behind a word that people often assume was not named after anyone .
The earl might be the patron saint of a condition we might call anonyponomy .
He is a man who is almost anonymous despite the eponymous use of his name in everyday language .
He is not alone , though , in this limbo .
As the examples here show , there are delightful , remarkable , and ridiculous figures and stories lurking everywhere in our speech .
MAVERICK ( n. )
Samuel Augustus Maverick was a
Yale grad­uate , lawyer , Mexican War veteran , and San Antonio mayor who owned so much Texas real estate they named a county after him .
In the mid-1840s , Maverick accepted a herd of cattle in exchange for a debt and , not caring much for livestock , neglected them to the point of allowing calves to wander about unbranded , a cardinal sin in the free - ranging days before barbed wire .
The lack of a brand became a brand in itself :
Whenever anybody found a stray calf with no markings , they said , “ That there ’s a maverick . ”
Metaphorical uses soon followed .
GUY ( n. )
In the wee morning hours of Nov. 5 , 1605 , Guy Fawkes was arrested in a rented storeroom under the House of Lords that was suspiciously packed with 36 barrels of gunpowder .
Under torture , Guy confessed to being part of a Roman Catholic conspiracy to assassinate King James I , his family , and both houses of Parliament ; he was hanged .
For more than 400 years , Guy Fawkes Day has been celebrated across the United Kingdom with fireworks and bonfires .
On these crisp , late - autumn nights , children parade effigies of Fawkes through the streets chanting , “ What shall we do with him ?
Burn him ! ”
Upon reaching the great central bonfire , the kids toss “ the guy ” into the flames and then , if they are traditional , follow it with an effigy of the pope .
Etymologically speaking , a “ guy ” came to mean someone of grotesque appearance , which came to include everyone , at least everyone in America .
DUNCE ( n. )
John Duns Scotus was a Scottish theologian and one of the most influential thinkers of the Middle Ages .
An ardent follower of St. Francis , Duns Scotus spent his career at the universities of Oxford , Paris , and Cologne .
He provided the definitive argument on the then culture - war issue of the Immaculate Conception , after which it became Catholic dogma that Mary , the mother of Jesus , was conceived without sin .
For his delicately shaded approach to this and similar difficult issues , he earned the nickname Dr. Subtilis , and his theories held sway from his 1308 death through the end of the Middle Ages .
Duns Scotus ’ followers , the Scotists , dominated theology until another gang of scholars , the Thomists ( after Thomas Aquinas ) , encroached on their turf .
These new philosophers ridiculed the hairsplitting sophistry of Dr. Subtilis and his Dunsmen ( pronounced DUNCE - men ) , who were impervious to learning anything new or different .
In the intellectual rumble of the Renaissance , the elegant theories of Duns Scotus were knifed on account of his blockhead followers .
To be called a “ dunce ” became the worst insult a would - be man of letters could receive .
TAWDRY ( adj . )
Once upon a time , ( the middle of the seventh century ) , there was a young English princess names Æthelthryth , or , as the Normans would later call her , Audrey .
Princess Audrey was widowed after a marriage that , we are told , was never consummated .
She took a vow of chastity , but her father the king required that Audrey marry again ; her new hubby , understandably less than thrilled about her promise to God , bribed the local bishop to make the vow go away .
The bishop instead helped Audrey escape , but hubby got wise and gave chase .
Divine intervention in the form of a prolonged high tide provided Audrey cover for her getaway , causing her husband to give up and find himself a more ready gal to marry .
Becoming a nun , Audrey founded the Abbey of Ely .
Many years later , as she lay dying after a life of good works , Audrey developed a red , burning tumor around her neck , which she gladly accepted as punishment for the many frivolous necklaces she had worn in her youth .
As a reward for Audrey ’s extreme devotion to not having sex , she was sainted , and her feast day was celebrated with an annual fair held at Ely .
In a show of medieval irony , a certain kind of frilly silk neckerchief was known as St. Audrey lace , or “ Taudrey Lace . ”
This item was a top seller at the St. Audrey fair , especially among “ country wenches ” who bought the cheapest and gaudiest varieties , paying little heed to Audrey ’s cautionary tale about the link between necklaces and neck tumors .
PANTS ( n. )
Pantaleon was an unmarried physician and citizen of the pagan Roman empire who could , simply by invoking the name of Jesus Christ , perform such miraculous acts as healing the blind .
Jealous , Pantaleon ’s fellow doctors denounced him to the emperor , who asked the good doctor to give up this Christian nonsense — whereupon Pantaleon proved the power of God by curing a man of paralysis .
Having witnessed the trick , the emperor condemned Pantaleon to death for practicing black magic .
As is the case with many Christian martyrs , death was the beginning of a second life .
Pantaleon became the patron saint of bachelors and physicians , and his name could be invoked to cure a variety of ailments .
When the Black Death swept through Europe , St. Pantaleon ’s stock went up dramatically in places like hard - hit Venice , where a spectacular church was dedicated to him .
“ San Pantalone ” became so identified with Venice that his name was borrowed by the commedia dell ’arte for the character of the prototypically greedy Venetian merchant .
The commedia dell ’arte had story lines harking back to Roman times , but was played out as improvisational farce .
Each actor of the troupe dressed in mask and costume as one of a repertory of stock characters , such as Arlecchino , easily recognizable in his trademark diamond - patch outfit and better known to us by his Frenchified name , Harlequin .
The costume signature of Pantalone was a pair of red leggings that reached the feet , a distinctively Venetian manner of cladding the legs that audiences outside the region found remarkable .
Over the years and in various languages , the character ’s name was borrowed to describe varying fashions of long trousers and related garments .
By the mid-1800s , the Anglicized name Pantaloon had comfortably been shortened to “ pants . ”
JANITOR ( n. )
Pity poor Janus , once the mightiest Roman deity of all .
He was the father of the gods — until his worshippers fell all over themselves for the flashier , sexier Greek pantheon and left Janus to be the god of doors .
Janus was well suited to his task , at least , having a face on both the front and back of his head .
Those who attended to the god of doors — that is , doorkeepers — came to be called janitors .
WIMP ( n. )
The original wimp was J. Wellington Wimpy , the porkpie - hatted mooch of the Popeye cartoons , whose perennial gambit “ I would gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today ” never quite succeeded .
E.C. Segar ’s Thimble
Theatre , the comic strip in which Popeye first appeared , is remarkable for its contribution to the lexicon .
In addition to “ wimp , ” Segar is also responsible for the word “ goon , ” from his hairy warrior woman Alice the Goon , and probably the vehicle name Jeep , after Olive Oyl ’s pet Eugene the Jeep , a magical and resourceful creature from the fourth dimension whose entire vocabulary consisted of the single word “ Jeep ! ”
CARDIGAN ( n. )
The Charge of the Light Brigade , immortalized in the poem by Alfred Lord Tennyson , was a big fat mistake .
A miscommunicated order during the Crimean War ’s Battle of Balaclava ( 1854 ) led to a cavalry assault so foolhardy that the enemy Russian troops thought the onrushing Brits had to be drunk .
The doomed but brave sally sparked the English imagination in a romantic period when the doomed but brave was much celebrated .
The leader of the charge managed to make it through unscathed , and went home to England a hero , an unlikely outcome for James Thomas Brudenell , the seventh Earl of Cardigan .
Cardigan had risen through the army via family connections and purchasing commissions ; he certainly had n’t done it by being an upstanding citizen or military man .
In one respect , however , Cardigan treated his subordinates splendidly .
Wanting his 11th Hussars to be the spiffiest regiment in the Queen ’s army , Cardigan spent an estimated 10,000 pounds a year of his personal fortune outfitting them .
Reportedly , this included a knitted , button - down vest of Cardigan ’s own invention that he and his men wore under their battle uniforms to stave off the Crimean cold .
Whether true or the fantasy of an enterprising sweater salesman , the story was widely believed , and with everyone wanting to copy the heroes of the Light Brigade , the cardigan became the fashion of the day .
What would Mr. Rogers have done without them ?
FRISBEE ( n. )
In the 1930s , a couple of drunk Yale students munched down a pie and started playing catch with the leftover tin plate .
The game took off , and soon the whole campus was eating pies and playing the new sport .
The students ’ pastry of choice was made by Mrs. Frisbie ’s Pies of Bridgeport , Conn . ; it ’s unknown whether this preference speaks to the quality of her pastry or the aerodynamics of her tins , which came embossed with the company name .
Mrs. Mary Frisbie was likely amused by this tossing around of her plates ; certainly , her bakeries were selling a lot of pies — 80,000 a day in 1956 .
On the other side of the country there was a guy who would ’ve envied her : Fred Morrison had created a disk designed specifically for flying , but no one was buying them .
Trying to cash in on the UFO craze , Morrison released the Pipco Flyin - Saucer , then the Pluto Platter , which caught the eyes of the Wham - O corporation .
Wham - O executives had recently created the biggest fad America had ever seen , the Hula Hoop , selling 25 million units in four months .
They purchased Morrison ’s designs , realizing why success eluded him :
His names all stunk .
They soon learned there was already a better name for a flying disk — Frisbie — in a place where the sport was wildly popular .
Wham - O decided to call its plastic version the same thing , but to trademark the name , it changed the spelling to Frisbee .
( Very tricky . )
The Frisbee wound up being Wham - O ’s most popular and enduring product .
CRAPPER ( n. )
Thomas Crapper is a man yet to receive his due .
Most reputable arbiters of etymology deem urban legend the idea that he had anything to do with the word “ crapper . ”
To be sure , the word “ crap ” predates Mr. Crapper .
Crappa was a medieval Latin term meaning “ chaff , ” from which developed many variations , all generally meaning something left over .
Crapper as a last name similarly has agricultural roots :
It is a variation on Cropper .
The first usage of “ crap ” in regards to excrement was recorded in 1846 , too early for it to have anything to do with Thomas Crapper , who was not yet 10 .
Young Crapper , however , would grow up to be an early purveyor of the flush toilet .
His London firm manufactured thousands of such toilets , all emphatically marked CRAPPER’S. American servicemen visiting London during the Great War thought this was the funniest thing they had ever seen , and , according to one theory , brought back with them a new word .
It does seem fair to question , however , just how a plumbing - fixtures manufacturer came by so serendipitous a surname .
Fate ?
Or was it a case of nominative determinism , in which Thomas ’ surname steered him into his life ’s work ?
Or did Thomas choose the name Crapper for professional advantage ?
That would show some serious dedication to marketing .
From the book Anonyponymous : The Forgotten People Behind Everyday Words by John Bemelmans Marciano .
© 2009 by John Bemelmans Marciano .
Used with permission .
This is one of the highest railways track in the world .
It connects Xining , Qinghai Province , to Lhasa , Tibet Autonomous Region , in China .
The total length of Qingzang railway is 1956 km .
Construction of the 815 km section between Xining and Golmud was completed by 1984 .
This railway is the first to connect China proper with the Tibet Autonomous Region , which , due to its altitude and terrain , is the last province - level entity in mainland China to have a conventional railway .
More than 960 km , or over 80 % of the Golmud - Lhasa section , is at an altitude of more than 4,000 m .
The 1,142 - km Qinghai–Tibet railway from Golmud to Lhasa was completed on 12 October 2005 .
It opened to regular trial service on 1 July 2006 .
The trains are specially built for high altitude environment .
From October 2006 five pairs of passenger trains run between Golmud and Lhasa , and one more pair between Xining and Golmud .
The line has a capacity of eight pairs of passenger trains , and the carriages are specially built and have an oxygen supply for each passenger .
As observant readers will recall , a week ago we pointed out a letter in which the New York Fed 's Steven Manzari instructed AIG to stand down on all discussions with counterparties on " tearing up / unwinding CDS trades on the CDO portfolio . "
At the time we focused on the word " stand down " as an indication of the Fed 's lead role in the process .
At this point there is no doubt that the FRBNY , together with its law firm , Davis Polk , were in the pilot 's seat during the entire AIG negotiation , and while Tim Geithner may not have been the responsible man for this , someone must have been - and for the record , our money is a double or nothing on recently promoted FRBNY Senior Vice President Sarah Dahlgren , who as of January 21st is in charge of the Fed 's Special Investments [ AIG ] Management Group .
We sure hope Sarah gets the chance to recall her memories beginning in the fateful month of September 2008 when she became the person in charge of the FRBNY 's AIG relationship .
But back to the letter - little did we know that our focus was on the right sentence ... but on the wrong word .
What should have struck us front and center , was Habayeb 's admission that contract " tear downs " had been evaluated .
This means that someone , aside from AIG , must have expressed an interest in a tear down , which if true would have dramatic consequences for the entire AIG debacle .
Today , the WSJ presented the missing piece of the puzzle .
In tonight 's Heard On The Street section , the WSJ notes :
As everybody knows , AIG got a huge government bailout in September 2008 to help make payments on derivatives contracts with banks , including Goldman .
Yet in the previous month , Goldman approached AIG about " tearing up " its contracts , according to a November 2008 analysis by BlackRock , then an adviser to the New York Fed .
So was Goldman prepared to offer AIG a haircut in the month before its rescue ?
A legitimate question , given that Goldman refused to accept such a cut when the New York Fed raised the idea after it bailed out AIG .
The implications of this discovery are huge as they essentially destroy all the arguments presented by the FRBNY about an inability to extract concession out of Goldman ( which being the largest AIG CDO counterparty , was the critical negotiating factor ) .
It also casts doubt on the veracity of any arguments presented in Congress by Goldman representatives discussing the potential to take a haircut on their AIG exposure .
What this means in plain English is that , in the month before the Fed entered the scene , GOLDMAN SACHS ITSELF OFFERED TO TEAR DOWN THE CDS ON AIG'S CDO PORTFOLIO ( we do n't use caps lock lightly ) .
This is basically a smoking gun on the moral hazard issue perpetrated by the FRBNY when it got involved , and indicates that through their involvement , Tim Geithner , Sarah Dahlgren or whoever , not only did not save US taxpayers ' money , but in fact ended up costing money , when they funded the marginal difference between par ( the make whole price given to all AIG counterparties after AIG was told to back off in its negotiations ) and whatever discount would have been applicable to the contract tear down that had been proposed by Goldman a mere month earlier .
This , more so than anything presented up to now , is the true scandal behind the New York Fed 's involvement .
If this November Blackrock report indeed exists , and if Goldman did in fact offer to tear down contracts , this is an act of near criminal implications and heads at the FRBNY must roll immediately .
We hope this is the number one question asked by Chairman Towns of Mr. Geithner .
But as the latter will plead the fifth due to his lack of involvement , we kindly suggest that the correct person , the person who can not claim lack of knowledge on the AIG situation due to a prior recusal , and is therefore the right person to grill before a live studio audience , is the FRBNY 's Sarah Dahlgren : as it stands , Wednesday will merely be yet another spectacle , in which Geithner will claim stupidity , and this time very likely get away with it : is there any wonder why he agreed to provide testimony so promptly after his " invitation . "
What about Goldman 's Stephen Friedman - did he accept the invitiation yet ?
How about Goldman 's Hank Paulson ?
It sure must be nice to have the luxury to kindly decline the privilege of providing sworn testimony , and avoid perjury .
Goldman representatives , Lloyd Blankfein among them preferably , have to be on the stand next to Geithner , as they are the people who have bee at the core of this whole problem from the start till bitter end .
Last but not least , was it not Mr. Blankfein who just two weeks ago , before the FCIC committee , noted he had never gotten a request to take less than 100 cents on the dollar on AIG CDS ?
So what happens if it was he who offered less than 100 cents ?
Should that maybe have been at least mentioned in passing ?
Is that some equivalent of perjury , or will the semantics lawyers come out in force ?
Washington ( CNN ) --
A commission set up to assess national security measures on Tuesday gave the U.S. government a failing grade in improving response time to a biological attack .
" Nearly a decade after September 11 , 2001 , one year after our original report , and one month after the Christmas Day bombing attempt , the United States is failing to address several urgent threats , especially bioterrorism , " said former Sen.
Bob Graham , chairman of the commission .
" Each of the last three administrations has been slow to recognize and respond to the biothreat .
But we no longer have the luxury of a slow learning curve , when we know al Qaeda is interested in bioweapons , " Graham said .
" The assessment is not a good one , particularly in the area of biological threats , " the report by the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism said .
" While the government has made progress on preventing such attacks , it is simply not paying consistent and urgent attention to the means of responding quickly and effectively so that they no longer constitute a threat of mass destruction , " the report said .
The government barely got a passing grade on oversight of high - containment laboratories .
The commission , headed by Graham , a former Democratic senator from Florida , and Jim Talent , R- Missouri , also gave the government failing grades in congressional oversight and in producing the next generation of security experts .
Read the report card ( PDF )
The delayed response to the H1N1 influenza outbreak demonstrated the United States was " woefully behind " in its ability to produce needed vaccinations and treatments rapidly , the commission said .
" H1N1 came with months of warning , " the commission 's report said .
" But even with time to prepare , the epidemic peaked before most Americans had access to vaccine .
A bioattack will come with no such warning . "
The commission was set up after Congress passed a bill in 2007 to implement recommendations of the 9/11 Commission .
The commission submitted its report with new recommendations in December 2008 , predicting that terrorists would use a weapon of mass destruction -- likely biological -- by 2013 unless the global community quickly launched a forceful strategy to prevent it .
The report card released Tuesday is a follow - up to that report , called " World at Risk . "
Congress took its lumps in the report as well , especially on its oversight of national security issues .
" Congress has failed to take even the relatively easy first steps to consolidate oversight authority of the Department of Homeland Security , " the commission said .
" The estimated number of committees and subcommittees that oversee DHS ranges from 82 to 108 .
Virtually no progress has been made since consolidation was first recommended by the 9/11 Commission in 2004 . "
Both Congress and the administration were faulted for not funding recruitment and training programs for national security experts .
The government got an " incomplete " for its work on implementing a comprehensive nuclear policy toward Pakistan -- meaning that not enough time had elapsed to give a grade .
Other areas in nuclear proliferation , including working with Russia , got middle - of - the - road grades .
" President Obama has undertaken substantial effort to bolster the nonproliferation regime , " the commission said .
" From his April 2009 speech in Prague to his chairmanship of a United Nations Security Council meeting on the subject and plans for a Global Summit on Nuclear Security , he is attempting to bend current trend lines . "
But the commission said that it has concerns " regarding the administration 's failure to prevent the lapse of verification mechanisms established under the [ Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ] .
Ensuring their continuation was very important and insufficient attention was paid to it . "
The commission handed out " A " grades for integration of the National Security and Homeland Security councils , designation of a senior adviser for WMD proliferation and terrorism , and development of a national strategy for bioforensics .
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
Fathers are to be educated on healthy pregnancies , as part of the plan More fathers than ever before may attend the birth of their child , but the government is keen to involve them even more closely in pregnancy , labour and the aftermath as part of its Green Paper on the family .
As of next month , fathers - to - be will be the target audience of new leaflets and pamphlets , while the midwives ' body has been asked to draw up new guidelines for its members on how to better draw fathers into the process of pregnancy and birth .
The Guide for New Dads , produced in conjunction with the Fatherhood Institute ( FI ) , will provide information on a range of issues from paternity leave to breastfeeding .
" We know men want to be involved with a new baby , but so many chances to engage them are missed , " says Adrienne Burgess , head of research at the FI .
" The truth is if you want a mother to eat well during pregnancy , or quit smoking , you have to get the father involved at early stage because his behaviour will unquestionably influence hers .
We should wonder about what the effects for the private life of couples there may be of ' educating ' fathers to enthuse to new mums about how important it is to breastfeed
Dr Ellie Lee
University of Kent " And while fathers may say when it comes to breastfeeding - ' I 'll support you in whatever you choose to do ' , mothers ' perceptions about what the father really thinks about breastfeeding and the toll it may take on the body are one reason she may stop .
" If he is armed with the facts then he can provide the real encouragement she needs to keep going . "
Sharing a room Recent FI research has also shown that the vast majority of parents believe dads should be able to stay overnight in hospital with their partner when the baby is born .
This does however present problems at a number of levels - from the logistical and financial difficulties of transforming wards to accommodate men to the cultural issues surrounding the creation of what would effectively be mixed - sex wards .
While that may remain at best an aspiration , the government has asked the Royal College of Midwives ( RCM ) to put together guidelines for staff on how to better engage dads before , during and immediately after the birth .
Men have their own needs as new fathers , they also need to know about what their partner is experiencing and how they can support her
Elizabeth Duff
NCT
This is still very much in its infancy , but will draw on examples of best practice already taking place among midwives around the country .
" If we can lay out what involving fathers actually means at a practical level that can only be a good thing , " says Professor Cathy Warwick , general secretary of the RCM .
" Nevertheless a midwife 's first concern has to be the mother , her needs and wants .
There may be cultural issues regarding the involvement of the father that need to be taken into account .
" And without question there needs to be space for a woman to discuss concerns without the father present , particularly in regard to domestic abuse .
" No - one is naive enough to think involving men will solve all our social problems .
But it 's a step , it 's part of the picture . "
Dad 's card The National Childbirth Trust , the largest private provider of ante-natal sessions in the UK , agreed that health professionals needed to reach out to the father as soon as they could so he can learn about the development of the baby and how he can provide support during labour and birth , and with breastfeeding .
Regular aerobic exercise can help to raise mood , so think of this as a priority for you and your baby 's mum .
Once she can express milk , encourage her to go for regular runs , swims or gym sessions - and look after the baby while she does this .
Sort out your own exercise plan too .
Guide for New Dads
But there are nevertheless concerns about adding fresh information to the barrage of advice already aimed at new parents - and indeed whether such a move will end up undermining rather than supporting a new mother .
" One issue this raises is whether men will in the end feel more confident as a result - many studies attest to the way maternal anxiety has increased significantly under the weight of ' expert ' advice about how to rear children , " says Dr Ellie Lee , senior lecturer in social policy at the University of Kent .
" Research on feeding babies shows that mothers see the genuine and non-directive support their partners give them as very important .
Many mothers value fathers doing night feeds with formula milk to relieve tiredness and share baby care .
" This suggests we should wonder about what the effects for the private life of couples there may be of ' educating ' fathers to enthuse to new mums about how important it is to breastfeed . "
As of next week , a leaflet aimed at men will be included in the pack a pregnant woman receives on her first hospital visit .
The more comprehensive booklet will be issued from February with the popular Bounty Pack given out in the hospital after the baby is born .
This guide will also include a " Dad 's Card " , a credit card shape featuring contact details services and support available to new fathers and their families .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As alluded to last week with the release of Amanita 's hand - drawn opus Machinarium , the era of the point and click adventure — which reached its pinnacle throughout the 90s thanks to genre - defining works by LucasArts , Sierra and Cyan — seemed all but forever over in the decade following , as PC prowess pushed first - and third - person to the fore .
But a new wave of adventures has recently arisen , ushered in by the re-introduction of more cursor -y consoles and handhelds ( think : the literal pointing and touching of both the Wii and the iPhone ) , the proliferation of digital distribution channels ( lowering the barrier away from gun-shy publishers unwilling to invest heavily in ' nostalgia ' ) , and a dedicated core that 's never let the classics die ( via grey market ports of Lucas 's SCUMM engine to basically every piece of hardware with a display device ) .
And so , a brief introduction to those new adventurers , and a quick guide to re-playing the classics in new ways .
Ben There , Dan That / Time Gentlemen , Please [ Zombie Cow , PC ]
Apart from Amanita ( covered exhaustively last week ) , the top team keeping the spirit of click alive is the UK's Zombie Cow — founded by Dan Marshall and aided by a small crew of consultants , most notably co-writer and - designer Ben Ward .
The pair are , as you might have guessed , the stars of Zombie Cow 's first adventure outing , Ben There , Dan That , a game that manages to infuse the best of indie spirit ( lean , economical , and highly stylized art and design ) with the best of what LucasArts taught us made these journeys so great : razor - sharp wit and dialogue , self - aware and - referencing ( and , here , Lucas - classics referencing as well ) at every turn , never afraid to break the fourth wall and let the player in on the jokes .
The duo have followed in that same tradition with the recently released Time Gentlemen , Please a sequel that can be demo'd and purchased either from Zombie Cow itself or via Valve 's Steam ( BT , DT remains a free download ) .
Both come highly , highly recommended , and serve as a nice tide - over while you await the studio's third chronicle : Revenge of the Balloon - Headed Mexican .
Windosill [ Vectorpark , web / PC / Mac ]
At the opposite end of the spectrum is Patrick Smith 's Windosill , a game written up at greater length in the past at Offworld .
Part of his Vectorpark series of gorgeously hyper - surreal click - toys , Windosill is as far from a character - driven narrative adventure as you can come .
Instead , Smith pulls you into his somehow at once super - flat and mind - bogglingly physical and living worlds that writhe and bounce and squish at every prod .
Each screen presents a new diorama to be explored , and while you 'll get a good taste via its demo version , do move on to the full , paid version to see the screen I 've been squirming for months to not spoil online ( when you 've reached a room with three residents , you 'll know you 're there ) .
Play online at windosill.com — where you can also get the PC / Mac downloadables — or find it at Steam .
Host Master and the Conquest of Humor [ Double Fine , web ]
And , even as a one - off joke , a special shout - out to Host Master , a throwback from Brutal Legend creators Double Fine which sees studio head Tim Schafer — himself one of the genre 's top artists with his past work creating Day of the Tentacle and Grim Fandango — prepping for his GDC 2009 awards show role in classic form , which , if nothing else , proves that he 's still ' got it ' .
The Best of the Rest :
If you have n't had your fill with the above , your next best ports of call are the continuing episodic efforts of Telltale Games , who remain the highest profile studio keeping the form alive : their Sam&Max and Monkey Island revivals are essential plays , alongside their work with Wallace & Gromit and Strongbad , and they 're one of the few that have managed to infiltrate the Wii with downloadable ports .
LucasArts has also re-dedicated itself to the form with their Special Edition remake of the original Monkey Island coming to Xbox Live Arcade , PC , and the iPhone , and their offering of Loom , The Dig , and Indiana Jones adventures on Steam .
The iPhone has also seen shrunk - down but no less playable versions of Cyan 's Myst and Revolution Software 's cyber - fantasy Beneath a Steel Sky ( still free on PC via Good Old Games ) .
And finally , for more indie offerings , see Silver Wish 's Axel and Pixel , just brought to Xbox 360 via 2 K Play , rabbinical adventure The Shivah and fellow Wadjet Eye works Puzzle Bots ( and the original Nanobots ) from Montreal 's Erin Robinson .
There 's likely several handfuls more great indies that I 've left off above : leave any additions overlooked via the comments below !
Beautiful hand - drawn image of a woman ( graphite on art paper ) and nifty universal TV remote on a key chain .
I also got a nice hand - written letter .
Thank you so much !
Happy Holidays !
“ The city is burdened by its ‘ 68 tradition and the West - Berliner sloppiness factor , ” Sarrazin said in an interview with the cultural magazine Lettre International .
“ Its politics are not elitist – it has a plebeian and petit - bourgeois outlook , ” he said .
Sarrazin pointed out that Berlin 's unique 20th century history prevented it from re-attaining its status as an intellectual , financial and industrial metropolis .
The destruction of Jewish culture in the 1930's drained the city of its intellectual and business elite , Sarrazin believes .
History of stagnation
Blaming the city authorities of the early 90's , the former finance minister said that Berlin 's economy had stagnated .
West Berlin 's isolation during the Cold War meant that it was never able to replace its business and intellectual elite .
On the contrary , skilled workers generally left the city , while drifters and political activists came .
" People who wanted to work were replaced by people who wanted to live , " Sarrazin quipped .
Berlin was a state subsidized city for most of the latter half of the 20th century
According to Sarrazin , Berlin has never shaken off its mentality of state dependence .
During the Cold War , " up to 50 percent of the city 's budget came from the federal government , " Sarrazin said in the interview .
When the 13 billion euros ( $ 19 billion ) a year in state subsidies were withdrawn after the fall of the Berlin Wall , the city authorities were slow to react and the economy slow to recover .
Sarrazin warned that Berlin would never re-attain the status it enjoyed as an intellectual hub without importing intellectual talent .
Sarrazin believes , “ Berlin will never be saved by Berliners . ”
Blaming the underclass
He claimed it was a serious problem that “ 40 percent of births happen in the underclass , ” leaving too many of the city 's population not contributing to the economy .
“ The media is focused on social problems , ” he said , “ but Turkish homeless shelters wo n't drive the city forward . ”
Berlin suffers from high unemployment
“ There needs to be a complete change of course in family policy , ” Sarrazin said , “ away from cash handouts , particularly to the underclass . ”
“ I would strike a completely different tone and say : Anyone who can do something and strives for something with us is welcome .
The rest should go somewhere else , ” he told the magazine .
Sarrazin established a reputation for criticizing the habits and slovenliness of Berlin 's lower class during his term in political office in the city .
At one point he complained about people wandering the streets all day in jogging pants , and his department published a document demonstrating that the unpopular unemployment benefit known as Hartz IV still provided more than enough money for a well - balanced diet .
Sixty - four - year - old Sarrazin , now a board member in Germany 's central bank , the Bundesbank , did see some slow improvements in the city , measured by his standards .
“ Many top people want to live in Berlin , and many firms are opening branches in the city . ”
Author : Ben Knight
Editor : Michael Lawton
Well , that was n’t necessarily so , as the president eventually acknowledged .
There would undoubtedly be changes in some people ’s coverage as a result of “ reform , ” and some of those changes would be substantial .
At a forum sponsored by ABC News last summer , Mr. Obama backed off of his frequent promise that no changes would occur , saying only that “ if you are happy with your plan , and if you are happy with your doctor , we do n’t want you to have to change . ”
These less - than - candid instances are emblematic of much bigger problems .
Mr. Obama promised during the campaign that he would be a different kind of president , one who would preside over a more open , more high - minded administration that would be far more in touch with the economic needs of ordinary working Americans .
But no sooner was he elected than he put together an economic team that would protect , above all , the interests of Wall Street , the pharmaceutical industry , the health insurance companies , and so on .
How can you look out for the interests of working people with Tim Geithner whispering in one ear and Larry Summers in the other ?
Now with his poll numbers down and the Democrats ’ filibuster - proof margin in the Senate about to vanish , Mr. Obama is trying again to position himself as a champion of the middle class .
Suddenly , with the public appalled at the scandalous way the health care legislation was put together , and with Democrats facing a possible debacle in the fall , Mr. Obama is back in campaign mode .
Every other utterance is about “ fighting ” for the middle class , “ fighting ” for jobs , “ fighting ” against the big bad banks .
The president who has been aloof and remote and a pushover for the health insurance and pharmaceutical industries , who has been locked in the troubling embrace of the Geithners and Summers and Ben Bernankes of the world , all of a sudden is a man of the people .
But even as he is promising to fight for jobs , a very expensive proposition , he ’s proposing a spending freeze that can only hurt job - creating efforts .
Mr. Obama will deliver his State of the Union address Wednesday night .
The word is that he will offer some small bore assistance to the middle class .
But more important than the content of this speech will be whether the president really means what he says .
Americans want to know what he stands for , where his line in the sand is , what he ’ll really fight for , and where he wants to lead this nation .
They want to know who their president really is .
( CNN ) -- R&B legend Teddy Pendergrass died Wednesday evening , his former publicist said .
He was 59 .
Pendergrass , known for smash love ballads such as " Turn Off the Lights " and " Love TKO , " died after a long illness , according to Lisa Barbaris , who described herself as a close friend and his last publicist .
He died at a hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he was born .
His family did not reveal details about his illness , but said it was related to complications from a 1982 car accident , Barbaris said .
" His beloved family surrounded him .
The world has lost one of its greatest voices and performers , " a statement from Barbaris said .
" His family is devastated .
He has three children and , even though it was expected , it still hurts , " she said .
Gallery : The amazing Teddy Pendergrass
The crooner , who many affectionately knew as just " Teddy , " started in music with a group called the Cadillacs in the late 1960s and was still with the group when it merged with Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes , according to his official Web site .
He started as a drummer , but soon began to sing lead after the group heard his powerful voice .
In 1972 , Pendergrass 's baritone could be heard on the classic Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes song " If You Do n't Know Me by Now . "
The song became a No. 1 hit across the country and led Pendergrass to many other hits and accolades .
After going solo , Pendergrass received several Grammy nominations , Billboard 's 1977 Pop Album New Artist Award and an American Music Award for best R&B performer of 1978 , Barbaris said .
In 1982 , Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed .
But Pendergrass returned to the studio in 1984 in his wheelchair to record an album .
Before his death , Pendergrass was working on a musical documenting his life , called " I Am Who I Am . "
Here ’s a good reason why food manufacturers do n’t want to test for harmful chemicals .
If you test , you might find something you do n’t want to .
Consumer Reports did just that .
It tested a bunch of canned juices , soups , tuna , and green beans and found bisphenol A ( BPA ) in almost all of them — even the ones labeled organic or bisphenol A - free .
BPA , you may recall , is a chemical in polycarbonate plastics that acts as an endocrine disruptor .
How harmful is it ?
Debate rages .
These new data will add to the debate .
CR says it found the highest levels of BPA in some samples of canned green beans and canned soups :
• Canned Del Monte Fresh Cut Green Beans Blue Lake had the highest amount of BPA for a single sample in Consumer Reports tests , with levels ranging from 35.9 parts per billon ( ppb ) to 191 ppb .
Progresso Vegetable Soup BPA levels ranged from 67 to 134 ppb. Campbell ’s Condensed Chicken Noodle Soup had BPA levels ranging from 54.5 to 102 ppb. • Average amounts in tested products varied widely .
In most items tested , such as canned corn , chili , tomato sauce , and corned beef , BPA levels ranged from trace amounts to about 32 ppb .
Because it was particularly concerned about BPA exposure for infants and young children , it tested samples of infant formula and apple juice .
It found :
• Similac liquid concentrate in a can averaged 9 ppb of BPA , but there was no measurable level in the powdered version .
• Nestlé Juicy Juice in a can averaged 9.7 ppb of BPA , but there were no measurable levels in the samples of the same product packaged in juice boxes .
Although the BPA in Nestlé Juicy Juice averaged 9 ppb , this was not so high , but children consume a lot of juice so this levels worries the testers .
While waiting for the experts to decide just how bad a problem BPA might be for adults and children , Consumer Reports recommends reducing the risk :
* Choose fresh food whenever possible .
* Consider alternatives to canned food , beverages , juices , and infant formula . *
Use glass containers when heating food in microwave ovens .
I would add to this : urge the FDA to finish up its scientific review right away .
It would be good to know more about just how harmful BPA is , and at what levels .
Update , November 4 : I love the industry response to this report : “ The use of bisphenol A ( BPA ) in can linings is both safe and vital for food protection . ”
Update , November 9 : Thanks to Jill Richardson of La Vida Locavore for telling me about her investigations into lobbying against restrictions on BPA ( she also posted a summary as a comment here , but her site gives many more of the political details ) .
The plastics and related industries must be really worried .
They have reason to be worried .
There has n’t been much reassuring news about BPA recently .
After massive protests shook Iran this past summer , Iran singled out an obscure American political scientist in his 80s as a key figure behind the unrest .
Gene Sharp , a retired Harvard researcher , is considered the godfather of nonviolent resistance .
Since the early 1970s , his work has served as the template for taking on authoritarian regimes from Burma to Belgrade .
A list of his 198 methods for nonviolent action can be downloaded free of charge , along with his seminal work , “ From Dictatorship to Democracy , ” which has been translated by his Albert Einstein Institute into two dozen languages ranging from Azeri to Vietnamese .
Hailed as the manual by those who conducted people - power coups in Eastern Europe , its contents were no secret in Iran , where authorities have obsessed for years about their vulnerability to a “ velvet revolution . ”
In fact , a few years ago they requested – and were sent – hard copies of Mr. Sharp ’s works .
Officials saw this summer ’s unrest as the fruit of his strategies .
In a mass trial of some 100 key reformist figures this past August , Iranian prosecutors charged that postelection protests were “ completely planned in advance and proceeded according to a timetable and the stages of a velvet coup [ such ] that more than 100 of the 198 events were executed in accordance with the instructions of Gene Sharp . ”
Sharp does not take credit – nor accept blame – for the summer crisis that , in the words of Iran ’s most powerful military commanders , brought the regime to the “ edge of a downfall . ”
But Sharp ’s ideas are clearly reflected in the continuing political unrest .
“ We do n’t take charge of movements , ” says Sharp , who runs his nonprofit on a modest budget out of his Boston home .
“ We try to provide materials to enable the people on the scene , who know the scene better than we do , by far , to make those decisions and do those things . ”
Protests by the reformists took a bloody turn this weekend , with at least 8 dead by Monday .
Antigovernment demonstrators attacked police with stones for the first time and also burned a jeep , according to an eyewitness .
The nephew of former presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi was killed .
A spokesman for Mr. Mousavi alleged that Seyd Ali Mousavi 's killing was a targeted assassination .
He said he was shot in the heart .
Farsi downloads of booklet soar
In June , as hundreds of thousands took to Iran ’s streets and faced a violent crackdown , downloads of “ From Dictatorship to Democracy ” in Farsi spiked to 3,487 from just 79 the month before on Sharp ’s website .
Other sites hosting Sharp ’s work reported a similar boost in demand .
“ The great irony is that people actually were n’t focused on the velvet revolution option before the elections , ” says Karim Sadjadpour , an Iran expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington .
“ It ’s only after the elections , when Iranians have come to the realization that they can’t change their political fate with the ballot box , that they ’ve looked to more dramatic options . ”
The momentous collapse of authoritarian rule , from Czechoslovakia in 1989 to Serbia , Georgia , Ukraine , and others , established a model for implementing Sharp ’s tactics – one the Iranian authorities sought to avoid .
Authorities in Iran have closely examined past velvet revolutions , as well as Sharp ’s books .
A 2007 cartoon video created by Iranian intelligence portrayed Sharp as “ the theoretician of civil disobedience and velvet revolutions ” and “ one of the CIA agents in charge of America ’s infiltration into other countries . ”
But Iranians have their own history of “ improvised struggles ” that predate his work , says Sharp : the 1905 - 06 constitutional revolution , and the 1979 Islamic revolution against the shah , during which “ protesters were even putting flowers in the guns of the shah ’s soldiers . ”
Today , the stated aim of former presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi and other key reformists in Iran is not to overthrow the Islamic system set up in 1979 , which they themselves helped build .
Instead , they seek to reverse what they say was a fraudulent election , and make pro-democracy reforms within the existing system .
Still , some reformist actions are vintage Sharp , from Mr. Mousavi ’s refusal to negotiate or back down on demands about the election to strict nonviolence .
Sharp says it ’s “ quite amazing ” that the protests are continuing despite an extensive crackdown that left scores dead and subjected detainees to torture and rape .
While fewer are brave enough to come out in the streets today , Sharp says massive demonstrations are only one way to bring down a regime .
A variety of methods can be used to undermine dictators , who “ require the assistance of the people they rule . ”
Aggravate regime ’s weaknesses
“ These regimes always present themselves as all - powerful – absolutely omnipotent , so that resistance becomes futile , ” says Sharp .
“ But if you learn this regime has these five ... or 20 weaknesses – and you can deliberately aggravate those weaknesses – it weakens the regime .
It helps it fall apart . ”
Sharp ’s ideas , adapted for Iran , are circulated by people such as Mohsen Sazegara , a founder of the ideological Revolutionary Guard who was arrested after becoming a reformist editor in the 1990s .
He now lives in Virginia , where he produces a daily 10 - minute video to encourage nonviolent action , which he says reaches hundreds of thousands in Iran .
He has read Sharp ’s work closely .
Farsi translations of two of Sharp ’s books can be downloaded from Mr. Sazegara ’s website , which receives 2,000 e-mails a day – often including new tactics that he beams back into Iran in his videos .
“ Iranians are an educated nation , especially the younger generation ... and I ’m sure that many of them study the experience of nonviolent movements in other countries , ” says Sazegara , who adds that the strategy of Mousavi ’s Green Movement is strictly nonviolent .
“ We think if we make a mistake and go for violent actions , the regime [ can be ] more brutal than any violent opposition . ”
But it can still be a dangerous business , even from thousands of miles away from Iran .
Sazegara says he has received a number of death threats .
“ If they kill me , so what ?
There will be thousands of Mohsen Sazegaras right now , ” he says .
“ Every one of the young generation has read these books , and knows everything better than me . ”
Scientists create the first transistor made from a single molecule
( Nanowerk News ) A group of scientists has succeeded in creating the first transistor made from a single molecule .
The team , which includes researchers from Yale University and the Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology in South Korea , published their findings in the December 24 issue of the journal Nature ( " Observation of molecular orbital gating " ) .
The team , including Mark Reed , the Harold Hodgkinson Professor of Engineering & Applied Science at Yale , showed that a benzene molecule attached to gold contacts could behave just like a silicon transistor .
Engineers applied a voltage to a benzene molecule , allowing them to raise and lower its energy states and demonstrate that the molecule could be used exactly like a traditional transistor .
( Image : Hyunwook Song and Takhee Lee )
The researchers were able to manipulate the molecules different energy states depending on the voltage they applied to it through the contacts .
By manipulating the energy states , they were able to control the current passing through the molecule .
 It s like rolling a ball up and over a hill , where the ball represents electrical current and the height of the hill represents the molecules different energy states ,  Reed said .
 We were able to adjust the height of the hill , allowing current to get through when it was low , and stopping the current when it was high . 
In this way , the team was able to use the molecule in much the same way as regular transistors are used .
The work builds on previous research Reed did in the 1990s , which demonstrated that individual molecules could be trapped between electrical contacts .
Since then , he and Takhee Lee , a former Yale postdoctoral associate and now a professor at the Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology , developed additional techniques over the years that allowed them to see what was happening at the molecular level .
Being able to fabricate the electrical contacts on such small scales , identifying the ideal molecules to use , and figuring out where to place them and how to connect them to the contacts were also key components of the discovery .
 There were a lot of technological advances and understanding we built up over many years to make this happen ,  Reed said .
There is a lot of interest in using molecules in computer circuits because traditional transistors are not feasible at such small scales .
But Reed stressed that this is strictly a scientific breakthrough and that practical applications such as smaller and faster molecular computers  if possible at all are many decades away .
 We re not about to create the next generation of integrated circuits ,  he said .
 But after many years of work gearing up to this , we have fulfilled a decade - long quest and shown that molecules can act as transistors . 
Police Say Pilot Tried to Hit Them With Plane
Thursday , November 12 , 2009
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT
GRIFFIN , Georgia —
Authorities say Dan Wayne Gryder was jailed Wednesday and charged with two counts of aggravated assault .
Griffin police investigator Bryan Clanton tells the Atlanta Journal - Constitution that the 48 - year - old Gryder was driving his car across the runway at Griffin - Spalding Airport .
Officers tried to issue him tickets , but he boarded the small plane without signing .
Police say he threatened to strike officers with the plane .
Police say deputies flooded the area and ordered him to stop but he continued to taxi .
Sgt. John Hayes says Gryder attempted to fly away but did n't have enough fuel and was arrested .
The jail said Gryder did not have a lawyer .
Griffin is southeast of Atlanta .
Bob Geldof accuses ' barbaric ' family courts of ' kidnapping children from their fathers '
Report : Bob Geldof has accused the secretive family courts of ' state - sanctioned kidnap '
Bob Geldof today accused the secretive family courts of ' state - sanctioned kidnap ' .
The pop star turned campaigner said the ' barbaric ' family law system wrecked the lives of children and their families .
He spoke as he launched a report that severely criticised the way family courts deal with cases - particularly in which one separated parent wants to move far away from where the other lives , taking the children with them .
It said that most decisions in such cases - which are conducted behind closed doors and never become known to the public - cause children harm .
Mr Geldof said : ' In the near future the family law under which we endure will be seen as barbaric , criminally damaging , abusive , neglectful ; harmful to society , the family , the parents and the children in whose name it purports to act .
' Here is one more report that empirically nails the obvious fact that to remove a child from their father ( in the hugely vast majority of cases ) , their grandparents and other family , their school and friends , is wholly destructive to a child and its family .
' How much longer must we put up with the state sanctioned kidnap of our most vulnerable ?
Because in effect that 's what " leave to remove " amounts to . '
The singer 's protest comes at a time of growing controversy over the workings of the family courts , which have been repeatedly blamed by fathers ' groups in recent years for favouring mothers and shutting separated fathers out of their children 's lives .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw has tried to lift the secrecy around family cases by ordering the courts to allow journalists to sit in cases .
Judges , however , have responded by imposing orders that ban them from reporting what they hear .
A series of senior judges , including the President of the Family Division Sir Mark Potter , have delivered speeches in which they have tried to warn Mr Straw off further attempts at reform .
Sir Mark has drawn a contrast between the welfare of the child and the ' demands of the press in relation to so - called transparency ' .
Sir Bob is the most high - profile figure to suggest that the courts are deficient and that the secrecy hides decisions that damage children .
Lifting the secrecy : Justice Secretary Jack Straw has ordered the courts to allow journalists to sit in on family cases
' How much longer do we tolerate the vested interest intransigence of the appalling UK family justice system ? , ' he asked .
' How long before just one of them admit they have got it all wrong and apologise to their myriad victims ?
' This report is important , timely and vital .
To accept its findings , which could have and should have , been conducted at any time in the past 30 years , is to accept the awful conclusion that rather than Solomon - like , resolving our tragically human disputes with understanding , compassion and logical pragmatism , the courts have consistently acted against society 's interest through the application of prejudice , gender bias and awful impartial cruelty . '
The report , Relocation and Leave to Remove , was published by The Custody Minefield , a legal information website .
It said there were ' serious flaws ' in the handling of child relocation cases where one separated parent wants to move a child away from the other , either within Britain or abroad .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said : ' We are creating a family court system that is transparent , accountable , and inspires public confidence in its good work , while still protecting the privacy of children and families involved .
' That is why we have allowed greater media access to family courts which will lead to greater trust . '
Mr Geldof 's intervention came three weeks after a landmark family case in the Appeal Court in which a mother was forced to hand over a son to his father despite claims that the switch would be ' almost cataclysmic ' for the child .
In the case - which could be reported except for the names of those involved - Lord Justice Wall said that the 11 - year - old boy had suffered emotional harm because of his separation from his father and should go to live with him .
The boy said that his father had ' ruined my life ' and said he would ' punch and kick ' rather than leave his mother 's home .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - More stringent screening launched on Monday for airline passengers from 14 nations , part of a crackdown after the botched Christmas Day bombing of a Detroit - bound flight , are ineffective and unconstitutional , civil liberty groups charged .
The tighter security measures , which range from passengers being patted down to advanced explosives detection and full - body scans , constitute racial profiling when there is no realistic way to predict the national origin of a potential attacker , the American Civil Liberties Union said .
The measures announced by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration affect passengers arriving from Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria -- nations listed as “ state sponsors of terrorism ” -- as well as Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen .
“ Every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening , ” the TSA said .
Michael German , national security policy counsel with the ACLU Washington legislative office , said that singling out travelers from a few specified countries for enhanced screening “ is essentially a pretext for racial profiling , which is ineffective , unconstitutional and violates American values . ”
“ We should n’t complacently surrender our rights for a false sense of security , ” he said in a statement .
SUBDUED BY PASSENGERS
The move comes in the wake of the failed bombing of a Detroit - bound Northwest Airlines flight on December 25 .
A 23 - year - old Nigerian , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , was subdued by passengers and arrested after allegedly trying to detonate a bomb sewn into his underwear on the flight from Amsterdam .
U.S. authorities say he was a member of al Qaeda and was trained and equipped by the Islamic militant network in Yemen .
With 13 of the 14 nations cited by the TSA being majority Muslim , the procedures amount to ethnic profiling , said the Washington - based Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) , a Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization .
“ Under these new guidelines , almost every American Muslim who travels to see family or friends or goes on pilgrimage to Mecca will automatically be singled out for special security checks -- that ’s profiling , ” said CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad in a statement .
“ While singling out travelers based on religion and national origin may make some people feel safer , it only serves to alienate and stigmatize Muslims and does nothing to improve airline security , ” Awad said .
In Nigeria , Information Minister Dora Akunyili said Abdulmutallab ’s act was a “ one - off ” and that it was unfair to include Nigeria on the TSA list .
“ Abdulmutallab ’s behavior is not reflective of Nigeria and should therefore not be used as a yardstick to judge all Nigerians , ” Akunyili said .
“ He was not influenced in Nigeria , he was not recruited or trained in Nigeria , he was not supported whatsoever in Nigeria . ”
J-E - T-S! = J - A - I-L !
A rabid Jets fan ticked off the wrong person — an off - duty San Diego cop — by loudly cheering his team ’s playoff upset Sunday against the Chargers .
In what has become a YouTube sensation , several San Diego officers are seen roughly handcuffing New York native Bill Carroll for allegedly being drunk and resisting police .
Carroll — who had been shouting “ J - E - T - S , Jets ! Jets ! Jets ! ” near the off - duty officer — told The Post yesterday , “ I was n’t doing anything wrong .
I was just watching the game .
“ What ’s wrong with me saying , ‘ Jets , Jets , Jets ? ’ ”
He said he had just three beers over four hours and cops refused to let him take a Breathalyzer test to prove he was sober .
The officers “ were just totally out of line , and they would n’t listen to reason , ” said Steve Sevigny , a Charger fan who witnessed the arrest .
“ The poor guy was just totally busted for nothing . ”
Carroll , 43 , a construction manager from Mission Viejo , Calif. , spent 15 hours in jail .
In the YouTube video , which had been viewed more than 180,000 by last night , the former Albany and Long Island resident and his girlfriend , Brooke Powell , are seen wearing Jets gear as they stand in a sea of San Diego fans in the Chargers ’ stadium .
Carroll chants “ J - E - T - S ! ” and pumps his arms .
About 13 seconds into the video , Carroll is shoved onto the seats by two burly San Diego cops as a Chargers fan yells , “ He did n’t do anything ! ” and others boo and protest .
“ It was completely awful , ” said Powell .
Assistant Police Chief Bob Kanaski — insisting “ we do n’t arrest people for cheering for their teams ” — said Sgt. Jeff Sterling approached Carroll after the off - duty cop sent a text message reporting a drunk causing a disturbance .
Sterling said he asked Carroll three time to “ come upstairs ” to talk , but he refused and made a fist .
Carroll said Sterling only asked him once and he refused to leave the stands because he did n’t want to miss the game and was n’t misbehaving .
“ The second I turned around , I got pushed down and attacked by those four officers , ” he said .
“ They took something from me that I do n’t think ever could be replaced , ” he said about missing the end of the Jets historic victory .
But Carroll is convinced there are more victories to come .
“ They ’re going to the Super Bowl , babe ! ” he vowed .
Data Recovery Service for Laptops or Desktops
In case your laptop , desktop is not working , and you are not able to access your important data ; it is termed as physical hard drive failure .
This could be due to a PCB damage , head crash , scratches on platters or motor failure etc .
In all such cases data can be recovered with the help of our professional data recovery service .
Our professional data recovery experts can recover data from non- detecting , non-responding laptop or desktop hard drives .
A physically damaged hard drive needs to be operated in a special class 100 clean room environment .
A hard drive operated in CLASS 100 clean room by professionals has maximum chances of data recovery .
Speak to one of our data recovery experts today , to find out best suited data recovery option for you .
One question remains unanswered :
Is it the organ
grinder writing WaPo editorials , or the monkey ?
Senators should show some goodwill for the holidays by approving pending executive and judicial nominations , some of which have languished for months .
Among those who should be confirmed without controversy are the seven nominees for U.S. attorney , including the top federal prosecutor for Detroit , and the five nominees for U.S. marshal , including those for Massachusetts , Minnesota and Georgia . "
Perhaps the greatest nominations travesty , however , is the one involving Dawn E. Johnsen 's selection to head the Justice Department 's influential Office of Legal Counsel .
Ms. Johnsen was nominated early in President Obama 's term and received a favorable vote from the Judiciary Committee in March .
Ms. Johnsen has been blasted by some as too liberal on abortion issues , but abortion would not regularly factor into her DOJ job .
Besides , even if it did , the president should be given deference in choosing executive - branch officials who share his views .
Ms. Johnsen is highly qualified and should be confirmed .
At the very least , senators should have the decency to give her an up - or - down vote .
They should extend the same courtesy to two other highly qualified Justice Department nominees who have been kept in limbo for five and six months , respectively : Christopher H. Schroeder , the president 's pick to head the Office of Legal Policy , and Mary L. Smith , tapped to lead the tax division .
#
Today the organ grinders at theeditorial page -- or was it maybe the monkey -- offered the Village lackeys an editorial , under the head " A Senate vote for courtesy , " which begins :
One might be more tolerant of the organ grinders ' ( or monkeys ' ) presumed " humorousness " in overlooking the Senate Republicans ' unapologetic policy of obstructionism in favor of this quaint appeal to " courtesy " and " goodwill " rather than inviting the shitheads , with minimally decent regard for the country , if the editorial did n't immediately retreat behind the bogus " plague on both their houses , " equating past Democratic opposition to galactically unqualified Republican appointments with what the Just Say No-ers are doing now : " Senators of both parties have for some years been stingy about approving court of appeals nominees picked by the other party .
"
Of course , by carefully constructing this sentence so that it applies only to court of appeals nominations , the organ grinder ( or monkey ) evades the reality that while Democrats have indeed opposed ( though often not forcefully enough ) incompetent and ideologically extreme court of appeals nominations , as their job descriptions requires them to , and for which no apology should be required ( these are lifetime appointments , after all ) , the Just Say No Republicans have been more than " stingy " about approving not only these but all other nominees , doing their damnedest to invent controversy over ever single Obama appointment .
I mean , U.S. marshals -- really , now !
As far as I 'm concerned , by whitewashing the actual practices of the Just Say No-ers , themakes itself a co-conspirator .
The Bush regime appointees therein referenced were so manifestly unqualified that they would have difficulty establishing their sanity , let alone their fitness as judges , to any impartial panel .
During the confirmation hearings for now - Supreme Court Justice Sonya Sotomayor , we got an up - close - and - personal look at a GOP judicial rejectee of an earlier era , the racist and generally mentally defective , who is currently disgracing the U.S. Senate with his membership .
It was just the day before yesterday ( " When will the men in the white coats with butterfly nets come for Tom Coburn -- and the rest of the right - wing crazies ? " ) that I tore into the 's Dana Milbank for using the same technique in his useful account of the performance by the Evil Doctor , Oklahoma Sen .
James Inhofe , in urging prayer for the inability of ailing West Virginia Sen.
Robert Byrd to vote for the health care reform bill .
Taking what it evidently deems the high road , but is in fact a carefully designed detour around the reality of the GOP 's insistence of having right - wing thugs or incompetents or nothing , the editorial goes on to note that " there are no legitimate reasons to withhold confirmation for two highly qualified , seasoned professionals , " Georgia federal trial judgeBeverly Baldwin Martn , who " earned a unanimous well - qualified rating from the American Bar Association when she was nominated for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit , " and was voted on favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee on Sept. 10 . and New Jersey sitting federal judge ( and former federal prosecutor ) Joseph A. Greenaway Jr. , nominated to the 3rd Circuit. , who " also earned the ABA 's highest rating and was given a thumbs up by the judiciary panel , but has been waiting for a floor vote for nearly three months .
"
The editorial continues moves on to a case that we have screamed about repeatedly , but perhaps not often ( or recently ) enough , the nomination of the superbly qualified Dawn Johnsen to head the Dept. of Justice 's Office of Legal Counsel , which has been stalled because she appeared to have " only " some 57 votes lined up for confirmation :
And there theorgan grinder ( or monkey ) rests , having done no more than scratch the surface of Obama administration appointments that have been obstructed by the Do-Nothing Thugs of the Senate GOP , seriously impairing the function of the federal government and leaving too much day - to - day business in the hands of Bush - regime holdovers who should have been given their walking papers 11 months ago .
Of course Republican would know about impairing the function of the federal government .
Governmental incompetence is about the only area in which they have demonstrated competence .
Labels : Obama 's judicial nominees , obstructionist Republicans , Washington Post
The Google Nexus
One trickle continues .
Today 's two menu items include a 5 - minute demonstration of the Android 2.1 interface -- shaky , sure , but it 's a pretty thorough rundown of all the menus .
We 're also serving up some low - resolution picture comparisons of the Nexus One laying side - by - side with the iPhone and HTC Hero .
It still eludes us how all these leaking parties do n't seem to have in their possession a decent DSLR or camcorder ( feel free to give us a buzz , we 'll gladly help out ) .
Video after the break .
$ 123,000,000,000,000 *
In 2040 , the Chinese economy will reach $ 123 trillion , or nearly three times the economic output of the entire globe in 2000 .
China ’s per capita income will hit $ 85,000 , more than double the forecast for the European Union , and also much higher than that of India and Japan .
In other words , the average Chinese megacity dweller will be living twice as well as the average Frenchman when China goes from a poor country in 2000 to a superrich country in 2040 .
Although it will not have overtaken the United States in per capita wealth , according to my forecasts , China ’s share of global GDP — 40 percent — will dwarf that of the United States ( 14 percent ) and the European Union ( 5 percent ) 30 years from now .
This is what economic hegemony will look like .
Most accounts of China ’s economic ascent offer little but vague or threatening generalities , and they usually grossly underestimate the extent of the rise — and how fast it ’s coming .
( For instance , a recent study by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace predicts that by 2050 , China ’seconomy will be just 20 percent larger than that of the United States . )
Such accounts fail to fully credit the forces at work behind China ’s recent successor understand how those trends will shape the future .
Even China ’s own economic data in some ways actually underestimate economic outputs .
It ’s the same story with the relative decline of a Europe plagued by falling fertility as its era of global economic clout finally ends .
Here , too , the trajectory will be more sudden and stark than most reporting suggests .
Europe ’s low birthrate and its muted consumerism mean its contribution to global GDP will tumble to a quarter of its current share within 30 years .
At that point , the economy of the 15 earliest EU countries combined will be an eighth the size of China’s .
This is what the future will look like in a generation .
It ’s coming sooner than we think .
What , precisely , does China have going so right for it ?
The first essential factor that is often overlooked : the enormous investment China is making in education .
More educated workers are much more productive workers .
( As I have reported elsewhere , U.S. data indicate that college - educated workers are three times as productive , and a high school graduate is 1.8 times as productive , as a worker with less than a ninth - grade education . )
In China , high school and college enrollments are rising steeply due to significant state investment .
In 1998 , then - President Jiang Zemin called for a massive increase in enrollment in higher education .
At the time , just 3.4 million students were enrolled in China ’s colleges and universities .
The response was swift :
Over the next four years , enrollment in higher education increased 165 percent , and the number of Chinese studying abroad rose 152 percent .
Between 2000 and 2004 , university enrollment continued to rise steeply , by about 50 percent .
I forecast that China will be able to increase its high school enrollment rate to the neighborhood of 100 percent and the college rate to about 50 percent over the next generation , which would by itself add more than 6 percentage points to the country ’s annual economic growth rate .
These targets for higher education are not out of reach .
It should be remembered that several Western European countries saw college enrollment rates climb from about 25 to 50 percent in just the last two decades of the 20th century .
And it ’s not just individual workers whose productivityjumps significantly as a result of more education ; it ’s true of firms as well , according to work by economist Edwin Mansfield .
In a remarkable 1971 study , Mansfield found that the presidents of companies that have been early adoptersof complex new technologies were on average younger and better educated thanheads of firms that were slower to innovate .
The second thing many underestimate when making projectionsfor China ’s economy is the continued role of the rural sector .
When we imaginethe future , we tend to picture Shanghai high - rises and Guangdong factories , butchanges afoot in the Chinese countryside have made it an underappreciatedeconomic engine .
In analyzing economic growth , it is useful to divide aneconomy into three sectors : agriculture , services , and industry .
Over thequarter - century between 1978 and 2003 , the growth of labor productivity in Chinahas been high in each of these sectors , averaging about 6 percent annually .
Thelevel of output per worker has been much higher in industry and services , andthose sectors have received the most analysis and attention .
( I estimate that China ’s rapid urbanization , which shifts workers to industry and services , added 3 percentage points to the annual national growth rate . )
However , productivity is increasing even for those who remain in rural areas .
In 2009 , about 55 percent of China ’s population , or 700 million people , still lived inthe countryside .
That large rural sector is responsible for about a third of Chinese economic growth today , and it will not disappear in the next 30 years .
Third , though it ’s a common refrain that Chinese data areflawed or deliberately inflated in key ways , Chinese statisticians may well beunderestimating economic progress .
This is especially true in the servicesector because small firms often do n’t report their numbers to the governmentand officials often fail to adequately account for improvements in the qualityof output .
In the United States as well as China , official estimates of GDPbadly underestimate national growth if they do not take into accountimprovements in services such as education and health care .
( Most greatadvances in these areas are n’t fully counted in GDP because the values of thesesectors are measured by inputs instead of by output .
An hour of a doctor ’s timeis considered no more valuable today than an hour of a doctor ’s time was beforethe age of antibiotics and modern surgery . )
Other countries have a similarnational accounting problem , but the rapid growth of China ’s service sectormakes the underestimation more pronounced .
Fourth , and most surprising to some , the Chinese politicalsystem is likely not what you think .
Although outside observers often assumethat Beijing is always at the helm , most economic reforms , including the mostsuccessful ones , have been locally driven and overseen .
And though China mostcertainly is not an open democracy , there ’s more criticism and debate in upperechelons of policymaking than many realize .
Unchecked mandates can of courselead to disaster , but there ’s a reason Beijing has avoided any repeats of the Great Leap Forward in recent years .
For instance , there is an annual meeting of Chineseeconomists called the Chinese Economists Society .
I have participated in manyof them .
There are people in attendance who are very critical of the Chinesegovernment — and very openly so .
Of course , they are not going to say " down withHu Jintao , " but they may point out that the latest decision by the financeministry is flawed or raise concerns about a proposed adjustment to the pricesof electricity and coal , or call attention to issues of equity .
They might evenpublish a critical letter in a Beijing newspaper .
Then the Chinese financeminister might actually call them up and say : " Will you get some of your peopletogether ?
We would like to have some of our people meet with you and find outmore about what you are thinking . "
Many people do n’t realize suchback - and - forth occurs in Beijing .
In this sense , Chinese economic planning hasbecome much more responsive and open to new ideas than it was in the past .
Finally , people do n’t give enough credit to China ’slong - repressed consumerist tendencies .
In many ways , China is the mostcapitalist country in the world right now .
In the big Chinese cities , livingstandards and per capita income are at the level of countries the World Bankwould deem " high middle income , " already higher , for example , than that of the Czech Republic .
In those cities there is already a high standard of living , andeven alongside the vaunted Chinese propensity for saving , a clear and growingaffinity for acquiring clothes , electronics , fast food , automobiles — all aglimpse into China ’s future .
Indeed , the government has made the judgment thatincreasing domestic consumption will be critical to China ’s economy , and a hostof domestic policies now aim to increase Chinese consumers ’ appetite foracquisitions .
And Europe ?
Europe , by which I mean the 15 earliest EUmembers , faces twin challenges of demography and culture , its economic futureburdened by a mix of reproductive habits and consumer restraint .
Europeans , of course , wo n’t be eating grass in 2040 .
Theireconomic decline over the next 30 years will be relative , not absolute , astechnological advances and other factors should allow Europe ’s overall laborproductivity to continue to grow about 1.8 percent annually .
Yet theirpercentage contribution to global GDP will tumble , shrinking by a factor offour , from 21 percent to 5 percent , in a generation .
Demography is the first key issue .
The population of WesternEuropean countries has been aging rapidly , and that is likely to continue overthe next several decades .
The basic reason : European couples are n’t producingenough babies .
Europe ’s total fertility rate has been below the level needed toreplace the population for about 34 years , according to a 2005 Rand Corp.study .
As a result , the percentage of women of childbearing age will decline , in the earliest 15 EU countries , from about 50 percent in 2000 ( it was alsoabout 50 percent in 1950 ) to the U.N. projection of about 35 percent in 2040 .
So we have a double whammy :
Not only will reproductive - age women have sharplyreduced fertility rates , but the proportion of women who are in theirchildbearing years will also have declined sharply .
By 2040 , almost a third of Western Europe ’s population may be over age 65 .
Why are there fewer babies ?
One key reason is that Europeanattitudes toward sex have evolved sharply .
One - hundred fifty years ago , it wasconsidered a sin to enjoy sex , the only legitimate purpose for which wasprocreation .
But today , young women believe that sex is mainly a recreationalactivity .
Behind the fertility trend is a vast cultural shift from thegeneration that fought in World War II , which married early and produced thegreat baby boom of 1945 to 1965 .
The easy availability of birth control and therise of sex as recreation mean that populations are likely to shrink in manyEuropean countries .
As early as 2000 , the natural rate of increase ( birthsminus deaths ) was already negative in Germany and Italy .
By 2040 , it is likelythat the natural increase will be negative in the five largest Europeancountries , except Britain .
So what if Europeans have a little fun now and then ?
Well , fun has consequences .
Declining fertility pushes up the age of the citizenryand shrinks the percentage of people in the workforce , and so impedes growth .
Demographic changes also shape the hiring and promotion structures ofindividual companies , and not necessarily for the better ; if the elderly clingto the best jobs well past retirement age , younger workers may have to wait anextra decade , perhaps longer , to get their turn .
And because younger workersare a major source of new ideas , slowing down the ascendancy of the nextgeneration may retard the pace of technological change .
( If fertility ratesremain as low as they have been , Italy ’s population will fall by half in 50 years .
Naturally , politicians are doing everything they can .
They are joiningwith the Holy See and telling young women : Please procreate . )
In another way , Europe ’s culture confounds economists .
Citizens of Europe ’s wealthy countries are not working longer hours to makehigher salaries and accumulate more goods .
Rather , European culture continuesto prize long vacations , early retirements , and shorter work weeks overacquiring more stuff , at least in comparison to many other developed countries , such as the United States .
In my observation , those living in most WesternEuropean countries appear to be more content than Americans with the kind ofcommodities they already have , for example , not aspiring to own more TVs perhousehold .
Set aside whether that ’s virtuous .
A promenade in the Jardin duLuxembourg , as opposed to a trip to Walmart for a flat - screen TV , wo n’t helpthe European Union ’s GDP growth .
Of course , China faces its own demographic nightmares , andskeptics point to many obstacles that could derail the Chinese bullet trainover the next 30 years : rising income inequality , potential social unrest , territorial disputes , fuel scarcity , water shortages , environmental pollution , and a still - rickety banking system .
Although the critics have a point , theseconcerns are no secret to China ’s leaders ; in recent years , Beijing has provenquite adept in tackling problems it has set out to address .
Moreover , historyseems to be moving in the right direction for China .
The most tumultuous localdispute , over Taiwan ’s sovereignty , now appears to be headed toward aresolution .
And at home , the government ’s increasing sensitivity to publicopinion , combined with improving living standards , has resulted in a level ofpopular confidence in the government that , in my opinion , makes major politicalinstability unlikely .
Could Europe surprise us by growing substantially more thanI have predicted ?
It seems farfetched , but it could happen , either by Europeanscurtailing vacations and siesta time to adopt a more workaholic ethos , or bymore young women and their partners aligning their views of sex more closelywith those of the pope than those of movie stars .
Anything ’s possible , butdo n’t bet on it —
Europeans seem to like their lifestyles just fine , and they ’velong since given up their dreams of world domination .
An unexpectedtechnological breakthrough could also shake things up , though this is n’t thesort of thing economists can base predictions on .
To the West , the notion of a world in which the center of globaleconomic gravity lies in Asia may seem unimaginable .
But it would n’t be thefirst time .
As China scholars , who take a long view of history , often pointout , China was the world ’s largest economy for much of the last two millennia .
( Chris Patten , the last British governor of Hong Kong , reckons China has beenthe globe ’s top economy for 18 of the past 20 centuries . )
While Europe wasfumbling in the Dark Ages and fighting disastrous religious wars , Chinacultivated the highest standards of living in the world .
Today , the notion of arising China is , in Chinese eyes , merely a return to the status quo .
The X in XML stands for “ Extensible ” ; one big selling point is that you can invent your own XML languages to help you solve your own problems .
But I ’ve become convinced , over the last couple of years , that you should n’t .
Unless you really have to .
This piece explains why .
And , there ’s a companion piece entitled On XML Language Design , in case you do really have to .
Even though I ’ve spent time recently helping invent an XML language , please lay off the cries of hypocrisy .
I ’m not chiefly a language designer , and if I can lay claim to any special expertise , it ’s primarily as the user of a whole bunch of different XML languages .
Too many , in fact ; that ’s the point .
Neither Easy Nor Fun · Designing XML Languages is hard .
It ’s boring , political , time - consuming , unglamorous , irritating work .
It always takes longer than you think it will , and when you ’re finished , there ’s always this feeling that you could have done more or should have done less or got some detail essentially wrong .
Pass / Fail Ratio · At Robin Cover ’s invaluable XML Cover Pages , he ’s assembled a helpful list of known XML languages , which currently has about 600 members .
I ’m sure Robin would n’t claim the list is comprehensive , these are the just the ones that have crossed his radar .
Looking at the list , I have a question : How many of them matter ?
Have a look at the list ; what do you think ?
I think it ’s a lot less than 600 .
Let ’s rephrase that question :
How many achieved their designers ’ objectives ?
Same answer , I think .
The conclusion is obvious ; if you embark on designing a new XML language , there ’s a substantial probability that your effort will not be rewarded with success .
[ Sidebar :
Of course , to mitigate that risk , when you ’ve finished designing your language , you have to take your show on the road and sell that sucker .
You can no more hope to succeed without marketing than can any other technology .
Some of us like marketing and selling , so for us this is not a big downside .
But it will be for others . ]
So right there is a good reason not to embark on this kind of thing : it ’s really hard , really time - consuming , and there ’s an excellent chance that it wo n’t produce the results you were hoping for .
In this life it ’s generally a good idea to stay away from projects which are difficult , unpleasant , and have a high chance of failure .
And so far I ’ve just talked about the personal expenditure of time .
Software Pain ·
If you ’re going to design a new language , you ’re committing to a major investment in software development .
First , you ’ll need a validator .
Do n’t kid yourself that writing a schema will do the trick ; any nontrivial language will have a whole lot of constraints that you ca n’t check in a schema language , and any nontrivial language needs an automated validator if you ’re going to get software to interoperate .
Second , if you ’re designing a language that will be human - authored , you ’re going to have to arrange for there to be authoring software .
This either means writing an authoring package from scratch ( we ’re talking huge money and time and pain ) , or customizing one of the generalized XML - authoring tools , which is only moderately - less - huge time and money and pain .
Finally , there ’s the payload software ; you would n’t be designing a language if you did n’t want to do something with it , other than author and validate it .
Someone ’s going to have to write that software .
Software is expensive .
But there are other , more important reasons not to invent languages , starting with the network effect .
Restating Metcalfe · Bob Metcalfe , that is , who invented Ethernet and is a really smart guy and will probably be known to history mostly as the originator of Metcalfe ’s Law :
The value of a network is proportional approximately to the square of the number of nodes .
Here ’s a related law :
The value of a markup language is proportional approximately to the square of the number of different software implementations that can process it .
I could argue this from theory but would prefer to do so by example : HTML .
RSS .
PDF .
( And , I ’m betting on Atom and XMPP and ODF pretty soon ) .
Convinced yet ?
HTML can be used by robotic link followers as well as human - oriented rendering engines .
RSS / Atom feeds can be used by event trackers as well as desktop news aggregators .
Apple can build a PDF reader that ’s better than Adobe’s .
In case it is n’t already obvious , this is why I ’m such a hardcore partisan of ODF and so irritated by Microsoft ’s refusal to get behind this particular network effect .
Opportunity Cost · I ’ve already mentioned that developing an XML language is time - consuming ( I ’ve never seen it done in less than a year ) , and then you get to start writing the software that ’s going to do whatever it is you need done with that language .
But presumably you need that whatever - it - is done right now , or you would n’t be working on that problem .
Are you prepared to live with the multi-year cost of developing the language and then implementing the software around it ?
The Big Five · Suppose you ’ve got an application where a markup language would be handy , and you ’re wisely resisting the temptation to build your own .
What are you going to do , then ?
The smartest thing to do would be to find a way to use one of the perfectly good markup languages that have been designed and debugged and have validators and authoring software and parsers and generators and all that other good stuff .
Here ’s a radical idea : do n’t even think of making your own language until you ’re sure that you ca n’t do the job using one of the Big Five : XHTML , DocBook , ODF , UBL , and Atom .
XHTML + Microformats ·
If you ’re delivering information to humans over the Web , even if you do n’t think of it as “ Web Pages ” , it ’s almost certainly insane not to use XHTML .
Yes , XHTML is semantically weak and does n’t really grok hierarchy and has a bunch of other problems .
That ’s OK , because it has a general - purpose class attribute and ignores markup it does n’t know about and you can bastardize it eight ways from center without anything breaking .
The Kool Kids call this “ Microformats ” and in fact I accidentally invented one on ongoing last November ; look at that template and its class attributes .
And of course , if you use XHTML you can feed it to the browsers that are already there on a few hundred million desktops and humans can read it , and if they want to know how to do what it ’s doing , they can “ View Source ” — these are powerful arguments .
DocBook · Suppose you ’re building something that needs to go bigger and deeper and richer than XHTML is comfy with , and you want to repurpose it for print and electronic and voice , and you need chapters and sections and appendices and bibliographies and footnotes and so on .
DocBook is what you need .
It ’s got everything you could possibly begin to imagine already built - in , and there are lots of good tools out there to do useful things with it .
ODF · Suppose you ’re working with material that ’s going to have a lot of workflow around it , and be complex , visually if not structurally , and maybe some day will be printed out and have signatures at the bottom .
ODF is what you want .
Not the most Web - oriented approach , but on the other hand the authoring tools are more human - friendly than anything else on this list .
UBL ·
If you ’re working with invoices and purchase orders and that kind of stuff ( and who is n’t ? ) , do not even think of inventing anything .
A whole bunch of smart people have put hundreds of person - years into pulling together the basics , and they did a good job , and it ’s ready to go today .
Look no further .
Atom · Suppose you think of your data as a list of , well , anything : stock prices or workflow steps or cake ingredients or sports statistics .
Atom might be for you .
Suppose the things in the list ought to have human - readable labels and have to carry a timestamp and might be re-aggregated into other lists .
Atom is almost certainly what you need .
And for a data format that did n’t exist a year ago , there ’s a whole great big butt - load of software that understands it .
To the Managers Out There ·
The next time one of your technical superstars comes into the room and says “ We gotta design an XML vocabulary for X ” , make them prove they ca n’t do it with one of the Big Five .
And if they can prove it , sigh deeply and budget a couple of years ’ delay , and a few thousand more engineering hours .
