Nuevo Laredo , Tamps . | Mi�rcoles 07 de abril de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
19:09
Un regiomontano fue detenido en el Puente Internacional I de esta frontera cuando pretend �a cruzar al lado mexicano con alrededor de medio mill�n de d�lares .
De acuerdo con informaci�n de la Aduana y Protecci�n Fronteriza de Laredo , Texas , el dinero iba oculto en un veh�culo con destino a M�xico .
Todo ocurri� cuando los oficiales hac�an revisiones de salida en la zona mencionada y toc� el turno a una camioneta Ford Explorer , modelo 1998 , conducida por un regiomontano de 37 a�os de edad .
Al efectuarle una rigurosa revisi�n se localizaron paquetes con dinero en efectivo sin precisar en qu� lugar del autom�vil los encontraron , mismos que dieron un total de 482 mil d�lares no declarados .
El caso fue entregado a agentes de Inmigraci�n y Aduanas , quienes iniciar�n con la investigaci�n sobre la procedencia del dinero y el destino que tendr�a .
fml
For the highly insolvent state of California , such ad - bearing devices could generate a good deal of revenue .
For drivers , they could generate a whole new source of distraction on our already media - saturated roadways .
But in heavily gridlocked places like California , it could provide a fast means to disseminate important information quickly and even provide emergency instructions to drivers who regularly deal with natural disasters like mudslides , wildfires , and earthquakes .
And do n't worry , Los Angelenos :
You 'll still be able to advertise your ride as " SMOKN " in between the paid messages .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
I ’ve been surprised how much discussion has occurred in response to my neoliberalism post .
Perhaps that was because Paul Krugman responded .
In any case , I ’d like to briefly discuss what I regard as some fallacies of the left and right on the subject of market reforms .
I ’ll start with the left :
1. Forgetting that things were even worse in the past .
Many developing countries have deplorable working conditions , environmental standards , income inequality , human rights abuses , etc .
If these countries have adopted free market reforms , it is easy to look at these problems and forget that conditions were even worse before the reforms occurred .
It is hard for someone who grew up in a rich country to understand just how difficult life is in a developing country .
When you see deplorable conditions , it is hard to imagine how they could have been much worse in previous decades .
But all one has to do is walk across the border from China to North Korea , to see what China was like before the reforms .
As big as China ’s problems are ( and they are huge ) North Korea is far worse off .
China ’s living standards are n’t just higher than North Korea , they are dramatically higher .
Most do n’t recall that China was poorer than India before the reforms began in 1979 .
2. Assuming that Dickensian conditions implies a country must be capitalist .
Many people on the left seem to create left / right mental boxes for countries based on their perception of working conditions .
Thus a country with poor working conditions and low wages ( again China is a good example ) is assumed to be “ capitalist ” and a country with good working conditions and a high level of equality ( such as Denmark ) is assumed to be “ socialist . ”
Actually it is much more complicated .
Economically speaking , China is a half - communist country with low levels of social insurance , whereas Denmark is an extremely free market economy with a large welfare state .
3 . Assuming that economic reforms failed because real GDP growth did n’t increase after 1980 .
I ’ve already addressed that in another post .
Growth slowed everywhere , but the neoliberal reformers saw growth slow less than the non-reformers
4. Assuming the Soviet Union went into a depression after economic reforms began .
Actually the real GDP of the Soviet Union collapsed before economic reforms began in 1992 .
And the places that reformed the most slowly , recovered the most slowly .
Those that did n’t reform at all ( such as North Korea ) saw an almost complete collapse of their economies .
Economic reforms did n’t cause a Depression in the Soviet bloc .
Rather a “ Great Depression ” in the Soviet bloc caused economic reforms to occur .
This misconception occurred because conditions continued to deteriorate for some time after the reforms began in 1992 , and this is when people began to focus on the issue in the West .
So they saw horrific economic problems , and assumed they were caused by the reforms .
In Russia , people probably had trouble distinguishing between Gorbachev ’s reforms ( which were n’t market reforms but rather attempts to make communism work better ) and true market reforms .
5 . Assuming neoliberal reforms are associated with authoritarian governments .
Many people seem to think China adopted free market reforms after the 1989 crackdown at Tiananmen .
Exactly the reverse ; the free market reformers were discredited by the protesters ( who supported reform ) and thus the Chinese government moved back toward statist policies .
In Argentina , the generals who ruled the country adopted statist policies , and market reforms were associated with the movement toward democracy in the 1990s .
In Chile , the generals that overthrew Allende opposed free market reforms , and only turned toward them ( out of desperation ) in 1975 when their statist policies put Chile into a depression .
There is an EXTREMELY strong correlation between neoliberalism and democracy .
Look at the Heritage list of economic freedom and you will see that most of the high scorers are democratic ( although the top 2 countries are not , or at least not entirely . )
I plan to read Naomi Klein ’s book this summer–I ’m told it has some of these misconceptions .
6. Capitalism is based on greed .
In fact , it is almost impossible to make capitalism work without altruism .
If people are not civic - minded you will not get free markets .
This is because individual producers are much better off if protected from competition .
Businesses generally do not support capitalism in their own industry .
To get a free market system you need people willing to put aside their special interests and support open and transparent economic governance .
After 1980 , the countries that moved most rapidly toward free markets ( Denmark , New Zealand , etc ) were the countries whose citizens score highest on polls of civic - minded attitudes ( and generally lowest on corruption indices . )
The most statist of the developed economies ( i.e. Greece ) also exhibit the least civic - minded attitudes in surveys .
If neoliberalism was a right - wing plot to enrich capitalists , you ’d expect exactly the opposite pattern –you ’d expect the most civic - minded or idealistic countries to be the least like to adopt neoliberal reforms .
7 . Assuming increased income inequality negates the gains from freer markets .
I ’m not saying this can never occur ( deregulating the gains in finance while the government continues to socialize the losses might be one counterexample ) but in general there is little evidence that free markets produce lots of inequality .
If you look at the 8 categories in the Heritage index other than size of government , then Denmark is actually the most free market economy on earth .
Yet it also has the most equal distribution of income .
International differences in income equality are strongly correlated with ethnic diversity .
Even in relative equal Europe , inequality is associated with the presence of ethnic groups like the Roma ( aka gypsies . )
In Australia the greatest inequality is associated with the presence of indigenous people ( aka aborigines . )
8. European countries have more progressive tax systems than the US .
Not true .
Because supply - side problems are REAL , the more social democratic countries of Europe have found it necessary to have much more regressive taxes than the US .
They need highly efficient tax systems to raise enough revenue for their extensive social insurance programs .
Here are some fallacies on the right :
1. Countries with big government tend to be poorer .
As Statsguy showed in a recent post , it is just the opposite .
In developed countries governments tend to spend a higher share of GDP .
I do think that , ceteris paribus , beyond 20 % of GDP larger government lowers GDP .
But the effect is n’t strong enough to prevent countries like Denmark and Sweden from having high living standards , despite their large governments .
2. Denmark and Sweden are socialist countries .
I ’ve already indicated that they are capitalist countries with high levels of social insurance .
Denmark has freer markets than the USA .
3. Singapore and Hong Kong are not really capitalist .
This is the opposite from point two .
Just as some on the right focus too much on size of government , others focus too much on a few deviations from free markets that they have read about in these two countries .
There is a tendency to forget that in every single country in the world the government plays a major role in the economy , including the US .
Singapore and HK do some things we do n’t do ( for instance their governments control much of the housing stock ) but we do lots of things they do n’t .
There is always a tendency to notice flaws in others that we do n’t notice in ourselves .
I am amazed how often people mention the $ 500 fine for throwing gum on the sidewalk in Singapore , but I rarely see people mention that we have 500,000 people in prison for using drugs .
Which is the greater outrage ?
This is n’t to excuse abuses in other countries ( I ’d still rather live here ) , but merely to point out that no country comes close to being the sort of libertarian paradise than many on the right would like to see .
You can have a lot of markets and still be rigidly communist .
Even North Korea occasionally allows farmer ’s markets .
And you can have a lot of statism and still be one of the most free market countries in the world .
The US deviates from pure capitalism in literally 1000s of ways .
You ca n’t even be a hairdresser or a taxi driver w/o a government permit .
4. Europe / Canada / Australia , etc , are much more socialist than the US .
This is not true .
In the Heritage rankings the US is right in the mix , slightly more capitalist than most , but less capitalist than a few of these countries .
Bryan Caplan recently linked to a survey that showed the US government spends more dollars ( PPP ) on health care ( per capita ) than all other countries save oil - rich Norway .
Many of these countries have privatized industries and services that are still traditionally done by government in the US .
( BTW , if we are already spending so much , why do we have to spend even more to pay for Obama - care ?
Answer :
It does n’t include meaningful cost controls . )
5. Capitalism is based on individualism .
Actually just the opposite .
Fukuyama showed that large private corporations thrive in cultures where people work well in groups , and do n’t do well in cultures where people are distrustful of those outside the family .
This is why the Nordic economies are the most multinational corporation - dominated economies on earth .
The industries that are privately - owned in the Nordic countries are often state - run in less group - oriented cultures .
I admit to knowing little about Ayn Rand ( and assume I ’ll get pushback here ) but based on what I have read about her prickly and individualistic personality , I wonder of a country of Ayn Rands could produce a successful capitalist system .
Update 5/29/10 : I hope all my discussion of culture did n’t lead you to think I am a cultural determinist .
I ’m not .
Doc Merlin mentioned reverse causation in the comments , and I buy the Adam Smith / Deirdre McCloskey argument that markets make society behave better .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on May 28th , 2010 and is filed under Cognitive illusions , Misc. , Neoliberalism .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
The age at which people qualify for the State pension will be increased in phases over the coming years under a framework put forward by the Government today .
The Taoiseach today announced a major reform of future State , private and public service pensions .
Under the new National Pensions Framework , the age at which people qualify for the State pension will increase over time - to 66 years of age in 2014 , 67 in 2021 and 68 in 2028 .
This means everyone now under the age of 49 will have to work until they are 68 before they can draw down the State pension .
Speaking at the publication of the plan in Government Buildings this afternoon Minister for Social and Family Affairs Mary Hanafin said the move was necessary because people were living longer and healthier lives .
Ms Hanafin said “ inertia and procrastination ” were the main reasons cited by people for not taking out pensions .
She said there would be a change in the way in which pensions are currently calculated over the average working life , “ which has particularly disadvantaged women who take time out for caring ” .
Ms Hanafin said it was 100 years since the State pension was introduced at a time when average life expectancy was 50 and pension was payable from the age of 70 .
Now average life expectancy was 76 for men and 81 for women , and was expected to increase by another eight years over the longer term .
“ People are living so much longer .
It was never the intention that you would be living on pension for as long as that , ” she said .
“ You can expect to live about 15 years on your pension .
That ’s going to grow maybe to 20 to 25 years or longer .
That was never the intention for people .
And we see so many people now who actually want to work longer , who are healthier and living longer and want to work longer . ”
The current system of tax relief at the standard and higher rates is to be phased out - instead a State contribution , which will apply to existing occupational and personal pension schemes , will equal 33 per cent tax relief .
The mechanism for the delivery of this has not yet been finalised .
A new pension scheme for new entrants to the public service will take effect from 2010 under the proposals .
The State pension will remain as the basis of the pension system in the State , and " every effort will be made by the State to keep the value of this pension at 35 per cent of average earnings " .
Under the framework , there would also be a new supplementary pension scheme to give extra retirement income for employees who are not already in a pension scheme .
Those earning above a certain income threshold will be automatically enrolled in this new scheme , and the State and employer will support this by providing matching contributions .
Under a new auto - enrolment scheme , employees aged 22 or over will automatically enrolled unless they are a member of their employer ’s scheme , which provides higher contribution levels or is a defined benefit scheme .
Employees will be required to make a fixed percentage contribution , and there will be matching State and employer contributions .
A range of funds , including a low - risk default option , will be made available .
Employees can opt out , but they will be re-enrolled every two years .
They will not be able to withdraw their savings before retirement .
Under this part of the scheme the Government will contribute € 2 and the employer € 2 for every € 4 paid into the pension by the employee .
Ms Hanafin said this aspect of the pension plan was similar to an SSIA .
She added that this scheme will not be guaranteed by the State and therefore will be exposed to the risks associated with private investments .
Announcing the framework , Brian Cowen said : ‘ There are significant challenges ahead for us as a society .
We are living longer , which is a wonderful achievement , but we know that the impact of population ageing is very challenging .
" This framework sets out the way in which we intend to protect our pensioners , now and in the future , and to encourage and support people to provide for their retirement savings in a fair , transparent and sustainable way . ”
Commenting , Minister for Social and Family Affairs Mary Hanafin said : “ It has increasingly become evident that many Irish workers are not saving enough for their retirement and will be faced with a serious drop in income when they retire .
Previous efforts at encouraging people to invest in personal pensions have not been as successful as expected , especially among low to middle income earners .
" Having examined all options and looked at international experience , the Government has decided that a new auto - enrolment supplementary pension is the best approach to take .
This will ensure that those on low to middle incomes receive supports from both the Government and the employer , ” she said .
The new National Pensions Framework follows a public consultation process that began with the publication of a Green Paper on pensions in October 2007 .
It was also informed by the proposals in the McCarthy report and the report of the Commission on Taxation .
Quoted from Omega_2 :
All I know is that avast did n't even need to be OFF in the first place , for Windows Firewall , you 'll have to set it to ignore / allow that app In Windows 7 , you can put this in any Explorer window with an address bar , and either check for the app in the list , or add it :
Control Panel \System and Security \Windows Firewall \Allowed Programs
Allow it on BOTH Private AND Public networks , just to be sure .
And I 'm pretty sure it 's Python that needs to be allowed , too .
Click to expand ...
MAY 6 MARKET PLUNGE MAY 6 MARKET PLUNGE
Major exchanges on Monday agreed with regulators to bolster their circuit breakers , in an effort to prevent the kind of mayhem that gripped financial markets last week .
Changes to circuit breakers , or temporary pauses in trading to allow buyers and sellers to collect themselves in fast - moving markets , are expected following the Securities and Exchange Commission 's meeting with the leaders of the six main exchanges , including the New York Stock Exchange , Nasdaq , BATS , Direct Edge , International Securities Exchange and Chicago Board Options Exchange .
EFFECT : Fear rises while Dow 's 1,000 - point drop remains a mystery Details of the proposed curbs were not provided .
However , the SEC said in its statement that the parties agreed on a " structural framework " for " strengthening " circuit breakers and handling incorrect trades .
Details are to be hashed out today , the SEC said .
The NYSE declined to comment .
The Nasdaq , in an e-mail , said it had a productive meeting with the SEC .
Having the exchanges agree upon and use the same standards of when to slow down trading could help prevent the market turbulence that caused stocks to go into an unusual free fall last Thursday , market observers say .
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 999 points in 30 minutes only to largely bounce back .
The fact the NYSE was slowing down trades in some stocks , while other all - electronic exchanges were still conducting high - speed computerized trades in those same stocks , caused some orders to be routed to exchanges with fewer orders .
That resulted in erratic prices .
" There has to be harmony between exchanges , " says Edward Wedbush , CEO of investment firm Wedbush Securities .
While exchanges have gone electronic , which allows for rapid trading , rules to hold markets in sync have n't kept up , Wedbush says .
Circuit breakers can be helpful in allowing investors to gather breaking news so they can make informed decisions , says Michelle Clayman of New Amsterdam Partners .
" Circuit breakers do seem to work , " she says .
Meanwhile , investors are still somewhat in the dark about exactly what happened .
Some details are expected today , though , as Rep. Paul Kanjorski , D - Pa. , is scheduled to hold a hearing on the matter .
" We still do n't know " what happened , says Michael Farr of Farr Miller & Washington .
" But what we have learned is that our system is vulnerable . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Back to Directory
Title : Marine1 Filename : themes/marines/marine1.zip
Size : 2.69 MB
Date : 03/21/96 Author : Sergeant Daniel G. Snyder , USMC Description :
This is the first of what we hope will be many efforts to provide an inexpensive fire team simulation to the fire - team .
Set up is a demonstration of the fire team in the defense .
The situation is high intensity combat- with opportunity to prosecute a follow up counter attack against enemy held positions .
The intent is to provide follow on improvements and enhancements following user feedback on this initial offering ...
Credits :
The internet community and the efforts of many enterprising people who produce excellent editors ; the work of other " doomophiles " who provide excellent examples of what can be accomplished .
and of course ....
Id Software for making the game .
Base : New level from scratch .
Build time : Editor(s ) used : Windeu , Dehacked 3.0 , Dmaud , adobephotoshop , Wintex Bugs : Hall of Mirrors effect at extreme ends of the range .. the map is rather large with open spaces .
Some textures are n't mapped very well - more time could make it prettier ...
Oh well , sounds like a personal problem .
Rating :
Download mirrors : Germany
Idaho
Greece ( HTTP )
Texas
Germany ( TLS )
New York
Virginia / idgames protocol : idgames://5190
View marine1.txt DOOM Version : II ... v1.9 suggested Title : Marine1 Filename : Marine1.wad Author : Sergeant Daniel G. Snyder , USMC Misc. Author Info : Programmer , lan administrator , MCCDC Quantico , VA Description :
This is the first of what we hope will be many efforts to provide an inexpensive fire team simulation to the fire - team .
Set up is a demonstration of the fire team in the defense .
The situation is high intensity combat- with opportunity to prosecute a follow up counter attack against enemy held positions .
The intent is to provide follow on improvements and enhancements following user feedback on this initial offering ...
Installation : You must use the Dehacked program included with This wad to patch your Doom2 executable .. read the enclosed txt .
Additional Credits to :
The internet community and the efforts of many enterprising people who produce excellent editors ; the work of other " doomophiles " who provide excellent examples of what can be accomplished .
and of course ....
Id Software for making the game .
================================================================
* Play Information * Episode and Level # : map 01 Single Player : Yes Cooperative 2 - 4 Player : Primary intent Deathmatch 2 - 4 Player : Yes Difficulty Settings : not implemented in this version New Sounds :
Yes - from various sources New Graphics : Yes - digitized New Music : No Demos Replaced : None Patch ( super2.deh ) : Required !!!
* Construction * Date : : 11/21/95 Completion
Time : three weeks ( testing and revisions 1 month ) Base : New level from scratch .
Editor(s ) used : Windeu , Dehacked 3.0 , Dmaud , adobephotoshop , Wintex Known Bugs :
Hall of Mirrors effect at extreme ends of the range .. the map is rather large with open spaces .
Some textures are n't mapped very well - more time could make it prettier ...
Oh well , sounds like a personal problem .
* Copyright / Permissions * Authors may use this level as a base to build additional levels .
You are encouraged to do so .. as long as you send your efforts back .
*
Where to find Marine1 * http://138.156.15.33/xfers/
TETlab BBS : commercial ( 703) 784-4643 , 4756 , 4738 : Autovon 278-etc. Questions ?
snyderd@mqg-smtp3.usmc.mil mong Gibberish Flame Spam Off - topic Broken text
Due to Oregon and Reed 's COVID - 19 policies we are currently unable to offer tours .
401 SHARES Facebook Twitter
If someone came up to you and asked you what you own , what would you say ?
It may seem like an obvious question , but it is actually a lot more complicated than you might think .
We live in a very materialistic society .
In fact , a large percentage of Americans today define their lives by what they “ own ” , and a large percentage of Americans consider “ living the American Dream ” to be about accumulating a house , several cars and a massive pile of possessions .
But what does it mean to “ own ” something anyway ?
Does it mean to have something in your possession ?
Well , if that was the case then someone leasing a car for three years could be considered the owner .
But that obviously is not the case .
Does “ owning ” something mean that nobody can legally take that thing away from you ?
Well , if that is the case then perhaps we all “ own ” a lot less than we think we do .
Maybe you think that you own your house .
But do you ?
What does it mean to own a house ?
Millions of young Americans have run out and have signed up for bloated 30 year mortgages that they can barely afford .
Are they now the proud owners of these houses ?
Well , no , they actually do n’t “ own ” the houses until they pay them off .
The reality today is that Americans actually own less of their houses and land than ever .
For the first time in modern history , the total value of all residential mortgage debt far surpasses the total value of all home equity in the United States … .
So what does that mean ?
It means that the banks have a much greater “ ownership ” interest in our homes and our land than we do .
So technically , ordinary Americans “ own ” less of the real estate of America than at any other time in modern history .
But perhaps you have paid your house off .
Does that mean that you “ own ” it .
Does that mean that nobody can take it away from you ?
Well , no .
Unless you keep paying property taxes ( rent ) to the proper authorities , you will not be able to keep your home .
So if they can take it away from you for not paying rent ( property taxes ) , do you really own it ?
Something to think about it .
Well , you might insist that you own your car .
But do you really ?
If you are still making payments on that car you do n’t own it .
The financing company does .
You do n’t have the title do you ?
Well , if you have totally paid the car off you do .
So do you “ own ” the car at that point ?
Can you do whatever you want to with it ?
Well , no .
In order to operate that car , you are going to have to pay the license fee , the registration fee , the emissions inspection fee , the property taxes ( if that applies in your area ) , the tire taxes and the gas taxes .
Once you have paid all of those taxes , then you can drive where the government allows you to drive and only under the rules that the government sets for you .
Not that we should n’t have rules .
The point is to illustrate how limited your “ ownership ” really is .
Well maybe you can point to a whole bunch of stuff in your house that you “ own ” .
After all , that is your “ stuff ” , right ?
Well , did you pay for any of that stuff with a credit card ?
If so , there is a really good chance that you are still paying it off .
In fact , if you only make the minimum payment each and every time , a $ 6,000 credit card bill can end up costing you over $ 30,000 ( depending on the interest rate ) .
Perhaps you took out a home equity loan to pay for all of that stuff .
Well , that means you put your house at risk for that big pile of stuff that you “ own ” .
If you do n’t keep paying that home equity loan , you could very well end up losing your house and then you wo n’t have anywhere to put your “ stuff ” .
But that is n’t the only way you could lose your stuff .
If you lose your job or you find yourself with huge medical bills that you ca n’t pay you could very well end up in bankruptcy .
If you do end up bankrupt , you are not going to be able to keep the vast majority of your stuff .
So perhaps your hold on your big pile of stuff is not as secure as you thought .
Well , perhaps you have a college degree that you think that you “ own ” .
Nobody can take that away from you , right ?
Well , right , nobody is going to take your college degree from you .
But if you are like most Americans , you will be paying for it for decades .
That is especially true of millions of young Americans today .
They are up to their eyeballs in student debt only to find out that their cherished college degrees are barely enough to get them a job greeting shoppers down at the local Wal - Mart .
The truth is that life does not consist in the abundance of our possessions .
There are a thousand ways that the possessions we have worked so hard to accumulate could be taken away from us .
The vast majority of us are one lawsuit or one really bad traffic accident or one really bad illness from being flat broke .
The American Dream is not promised to any of us .
And as the U.S. economy continues to come apart like a 20 dollar suit , more Americans than ever will find their materialistic dreams crumbling before their eyes .
So what will you do if that happens to you ?
The Making Of : “ Beyond having to film a fair chunk of the movie on horseback , bouncing camera in one hand , reins in the other , ... the biggest challenge of creating this film was to present a work that was as amazing as the concept . ”
More >>
The Filmmaker : “ Though there are many difficult things about being an independent filmmaker , I ’ve never been part of another profession where I so often took a step back and said , ‘ I truly am one lucky guy to be here right now . ’ ”
More >>
( CNN ) -- Lebanon set a record for the largest plate of hummus Saturday in the continuing gastronomic war with Israel over the regional delicacy .
The war has played out publicly for years with two sides outdoing each other for the title of world 's best or world 's largest hummus dish .
On Saturday , about 300 Lebanese chefs in the village of al - Fanar -- about 8 km ( 5 miles ) east of Beirut -- lay claim to the latter title with a dish that weighed 11.5 tons .
That 's 23,042 pounds or 10,452 kg .
The achievement more than doubled the previous record -- set in January in the Arab - Israeli village of Abu Gosh .
The January dish weighed in at more than 4 tons -- the same as four average family cars .
Local media said a Guinness Book of World Record representative certified the results Saturday .
The Lebanese chefs used 8 tons of boiled hummus , 2 tons of tahini , 2 tons of lemon juice and 154 lbs ( 70 kg ) of olive oil for their dish , local media said .
Hummus , a regional delicacy , made of chickpeas , sesame paste and garlic , among other ingredients , is loved equally by Arabs , Jews and Christians living in the Middle East .
Yet , in spite of their shared appreciation , the origin of the dish is a source of heated debate with the Lebanese claiming ownership and Israelis denying that they have exclusive rights to the name .
Lebanon has been seeking approval from the European Union to register hummus as a national dish .
" What we have been trying to do is just what the Greeks have done with feta cheese , " said Fadi Abboud , president of The Association of Lebanese Industrialists , in January .
In 2002 , the European Commission gave Greece a " protected designation of origin " right to the name " feta , " for the white sheep and goat 's milk cheese made there .
Similar cheeses from outside the country must use terms like " Greek - style cheese " .
Abboud maintains that Israeli companies are depriving Lebanese companies of huge potential earnings by exporting hummus made using traditional Lebanese recipes .
The Israelis see things differently .
" Trying to make a copyright claim over hummus is like claiming for the rights to bread or wine , " said Shooky Galili , an Israeli whose blog , dedicated to all things hummus , bears the credo " give chickpeas a chance . "
" Hummus is a centuries old Arab dish -- nobody owns it , it belongs to the region , " said Galili , who believes the rivalry is about control over the hummus market .
Globally , the market is worth $ 1 billion , according to Abboud .
However , Galili is hopeful that the so - called " hummus war " will be beneficial for relations in the long run .
" If you enter any good hummus restaurant in this region , you will see Jews and Muslims , Palestinians and Israelis sitting at the same table , eating the same food .
I think in the end this rivalry will show that we in the Middle East have far more in common than the things that divide us . "
-- CNN's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .
Nintendo unveils 3DS and quickly follows - up with a statement about dangers to children under 7 playing with the company ’s new portable gamer .
Samsung releases a line of 3D HDTVs then issues a warning about its potential health risk to certain viewers .
What they have n’t told you is that these warnings come after years of industry spin and cover ups .
The truth is that prolonged viewing of 3D video may be even more harmful than the consumer electronics industry wants you to know .
Before you bring a 3D HDTV into your house or let a child under seven play with a brand new Nintendo 3DS , you need to understand the fragile development of an aspect of human vision called stereopsis .
Stereopsis : Hunter See , Hunter do
Stereopsis , a result of the frontal placement of our eyes , is the process in visual perception that lets us see depth .
Two slightly different projections of the world enter our retinas , which causes us to see in real - 3D .
Stereopsis made us humans into mighty hunters of prey , builders of civilization and crackers - open of the occasional bottle of beer – but this important process is being tricked every time we watch a 3D movie .
Stereoscopic vision begins developing when we first start using our eyes and is generally considered complete by the time we ’re around six years old .
That ’s when the tiny nerves and muscles behind the eye are fully formed and have learned to work in conjunction with the brain to respond automatically to visual cues that provide seamless depth of vision .
Unfortunately there ’s a malaise in children that can prevent full stereopsis from developing , called strabismus .
This condition is also called lazy - eye but has nothing to do with laziness ; it ’s an abnormal alignment of the eyes in which the eyes do n’t focus on the same object and depth perception is compromised .
There is treatment for strabismus that involves helping a child ’s nervous system to learn stereopsis , causing it to eventually become a natural response .
But the ability to re-learn has its limitations , and treatment has been met with limited success beyond a certain age .
In the 1960s , Nobel Prize winning research by Drs. Hubel and Weisel came up with a critical period during which the optic nerves learn stereopsis – the time up to 7 years old .
Doctors thereafter used this critical period as the point - of - no - return for treatment of lazy eye .
The old way of thinking was that lazy eye ca n’t be treated after 7 years old .
However , recent medical science indicates that the nervous system never stops learning and re-learning .
Doctors today will tell you it ’s never too late to try to treat strabismus – or re-teach the optic nerves the trick of binocular vision .
The chances of success may be diminished beyond seven , but there ’s still a chance .
So , if it ’s never too late for the optic nerves to learn correct vision , one can surmise that it ’s also never too late to learn bad habits that could create visual problems .
Escher and 3D Tricks
Anyone who learned the technique that allows them to peer into stereograms has taught themselves a temporary form of lazy - eye .
Stereograms are those pictures that look like confetti but transform into three - dimensional images if you stare into them long enough .
They ’re popular with college kids experimenting with Escher .
The modern digital 3D effect using glasses makes this same effect effortless .
Your eyes are invited or forced not to properly focus in order to get the full effect of eye - popping 3D .
Some people report being temporarily disoriented when walking out of a 3D movie .
Walking into the light while your vision shifts back to active binocular depth perception can indeed be disorienting for anyone .
The effect is described by virtual reality researcher and co-developer of VRML Mark Pesce as an effect similar to having sea legs .
When you take off the 3D glasses , Pesce says , “ … it takes time to get your land legs back ” .
During that lag period where you ’re re-learning binocular vision , your depth perception is compromised and you may lack the visual acuity required to perform tasks , such as driving .
What happened to 3D Virtual Reality ?
Do you remember in the mid-90s when virtual reality headsets were going to be the next big thing ?
Do you wonder why the whole technology just sort of … went away ?
VR pioneer Mark Pesce has spilled the goods .
Audioholics was able to contact Mr. Pesce via
Twitter where he answered a few questions for us regarding his work with Sega and the mysterious disappearance of its VR project .
Over 15 years ago , Mark Pesce worked with Sega on its VR Headset , which was intended to plug into the Sega set - top - box .
The headset was going to provide gamers with a virtual reality 3D environment .
Of course Sega was n’t the only one developing a VR headset at the time , and we all expected to be running around in 3D environments when graphics evolved beyond chunky wireframes of the early VR visuals .
We thought the technology was just around the corner .
With a working VR Headset almost ready for market , Sega had the product tested by a third party lab , the Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ) at Palo Alto California - the results were n’t pretty .
The lab at Stanford came back to Sega with dire warnings about the hazards of prolonged use of this technology .
SRI warned Sega :
“ You Cannot Give This To Kids ! ”
Pesce says that Sega took the test results and buried them .
Fearing lawsuits and consumer backlash over health risks , the VR Headset never made it to market and neither did the truth about the dangers of prolonged exposure to 3D virtual environments - until now .
The results of SRI ’s research have been published and there is an unclassified document from the defense department of Australia that says there are a variety of “ … unintended psychophysiological side effects of participation in ( 3D ) virtual environments . ”
VR Headsets disappeared amid vague rumors of headaches and poor implementation of a technology just was n’t ready .
The Consumer Electronics industry was content to leave it at that and wait for a new implementation of the same visual effects .
Now , virtual reality is back but instead of a headset , the same visual effect is being sold through LCD monitors and glasses .
Conclusion
Children under seven are at risk of strabismus – period .
Going to a 3D movie each month probably wo n’t hurt anyone ’s vision , especially adults ; however , if we introduce the 3D effect into the home , we dramatically increase our exposure .
We could sit at home with our new 3D HDTV and watch non -stop 3D for days .
Even 2D video that has n’t been coded for the FHD3D format can be upconverted by consumer - grade 3D HDTV through 3D interpolation mode .
Now you ’ve gone from tricking your optic nerves into self - imposed strabismus once or twice a month to potentially hours every day – and evidence already suggests this could be harmful to your vision .
Marathon video game sessions in 2D are already difficult on the eyes because you ’ve had to focus intensely at a single depth for hours .
How will you step away from a marathon video game session in 3D ?
So far , the only real research we have on the effect of prolonged exposure to 3D virtual environments has concluded that the health risks are real .
The only defense the Consumer Electronics industry has for the new line of 3D HDTV is that since the research is over fifteen years old , maybe there are new factors using the modern implementation of the technology .
So , more research needs to be done before we can conclude that 3D HDTV is safe , even for adults .
The good news is that your new 3D HDTV is also very good at displaying 2D images .
So , until we get more information , we advise protecting yourself and your family by using that new HDTV for standard 2D viewing a majority of your time .
( Natural News )
Almost half of all children living in the United States will receive food stamp assistance at some point before they turn 18 , according to a study conducted by researchers from Cornell and Washington Universities and published in the Although food stamps were first introduced as a U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) program , they are now overseen by state governments .
Researchers analyzed 30 years worth of data from food stamp programs around the country , finding that nearly 50 percent of all children will receive food stamp assistance at least once during their childhood , if not multiple times .
According to researcher Andrew Gelman , the findings rebut the common perception " that people are either on welfare or they 're not . "
In reality , many families use food stamps and other forms of economic assistance to get through short - term difficulties such as job loss , professional transition , or other financial troubles .
" While there may be a group of children who are persistently exposed to poverty , many move in and move out , " policy analyst Sarah Meadows said .
The findings also show that poverty is more widespread in the United States than many people believe .
Even those who are not living in abject poverty may be going without basic necessities or nutritious food , said family welfare specialist Olivia Golden .
Poor nutrition in childhood can , in turn , cause health problems throughout life .
" There are several levels of economic disadvantage and we should worry about all of them , " Golden said .
According to the USDA , 15 percent of U.S. households were food insecure in 2008 , compared with 11 percent in 2007 .
The figure is the highest ever since the department began collecting data in 1995 .
Marcia Meyers of the University of Washington noted that even those who are getting enough food may actually be undernourished due to an over - reliance on cheap junk food .
This may explain , she said , why obesity rates are so much higher among those with lower incomes .
Sources for this story include : www.redorbit.com
Verdicts & Settlements $ 2.75 million settlement in 2014 for failure to diagnose aortic dissection in emergency room Read more ...
On 8/7/2014 , Delaware Supreme Court upholds jury verdict with interest of $ 5.5 million in favor of Mr. Robbins ’ medical malpractice client .
Read more ... $ 4.4 million jury verdict 11/14/12 against hospital and thoracic surgeon for a medical malpractice victim who suffered an intestinal perforation and loss of spleen .
Read more ... $ 15 million jury verdict 11/18/10 for a medical malpractice victim who suffered a spinal accessory nerve injury after a biopsy .
Read more ...
$ 1.15 million jury verdict 9/23/09 for a medical malpractice victim who suffered a ureter injury during a hysterectomy .
Read more ... $ 5 million jury verdict for a medical practice victim who sustained a spinal accessory nerve injury after a biopsy .
Read more ...
Substantial settlement for children sexually abused at a day care .
Read more ...
Wilmington Personal Injury Attorney
Randall Robbins believes that personal injury should be handled personally .
Randall Robbins is a Director in a law firm of over 25 lawyers .
Randall Robbins founded and leads the firm 's Medical Malpractice , Automobile Accident , and Product Liability Groups .
Randall Robbins ' success for over 20 years is due to his commitment to excellence .
Each client gets the time and attention needed .
Wilmington personal injury lawyer Randall Robbins takes the time to learn the medicine and the science behind how you were injured .
He works with experts in many fields every week to make sure you get the right result .
It 's our personal attention to your personal injury that sets us apart .
We will give you the professional guidance and representation you need on the payment of your medical bills and lost wages , and in helping you obtain the maximum compensation you deserve .
Winning a lawsuit is hard work .
Under the law , an injured victim must prove their injury , lost wages , and medical bills .
Without the necessary proof you will not be compensated .
To be successful , your lawyer must commit to your case .
Commitment means taking the time to do it right .
We make that commitment .
Randall Robbins has consistently been recognized by his peers as one of Delaware 's top attorneys .
Contact us today if we can be of service .
You can trust our successful Wilmington personal injury lawyer 's 20 - plus years of experience in getting results for our many clients , and our willingness to travel to wherever you are in the state of Delaware .
Call us if you or a loved one has been injured due to :
Many people are reluctant to contact a lawyer .
No one expects or wants to be a victim .
As a victim you have rights .
Contact attorney Randall E. Robbins for your free initial consultation .
Know your legal rights after your accident .
There is no fee unless we recover .
We schedule weekday evening or weekend appointments .
Senior Conservatives are prepared to challenge new rules which could allow Gordon Brown to remain as prime minister for up to a week after a defeat on Thursday , to try and form a coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
Shadow ministers have criticised the guidelines drawn up under the supervision of the cabinet secretary , Sir Gus O'Donnell .
The Tories accused O'Donnell of overstepping his constitutional authority by giving his blessing to a delay in the return of parliament to allow talks on a coalition in the event of a close poll result .
David Cameron was not consulted on the changes which will mean that the Queen 's Speech will not be held until 25 May – 19 days after the election .
In 2005 the Queen 's speech was held 12 days after polling day .
MPs will return on 18 May to elect the Speaker , 12 days after the election .
In 2005 there was a six - day gap .
Senior shadow ministers are making it clear that Cameron , who intends to lead a minority government if the Tories fail to win a parliamentary majority , is prepared to ignore the rules .
These are designed to allow for a week of discussions between the party leaders on forming a coalition .
Senior Tories believe Cameron will require political momentum if he wins the largest number of votes but falls short of an outright majority .
Allowing Brown to remain in office for a week could check that momentum .
The Queen does not summon a prime minister to resign ; convention dictates that is for the prime minister to tender his or her resignation .
Cameron indicated yesterday that he is prepared to challenge this convention .
The Tories fear Brown will use the new rules to follow the example of Edward Heath , who tried to hang on after the February 1974 election to broker a deal with the Liberal party .
Heath , who won the most votes but secured four fewer seats than Labour , resigned four days after the election , after the talks broke down .
Brown , who could still win the largest number of seats while falling behind the Tories in the number of votes , could use the extra week to woo Nick Clegg .
One Tory frontbencher said : " The idea that a courtier like Sir Gus O'Donnell will decide this is straight out of the Victoria and Albert Museum .
Sir Gus is damaged goods in our eyes .
He is closely associated with Gordon Brown from his time in the Treasury . "
Another said : " This is a way of saying if we have a hung parliament why worry about politicians ?
It is mildly anti-constitutional . "
Downing Street said last night that the new rules were designed to implement the recommendations of a report by the cross-party Commons modernisation committee in 2007 .
The report was accepted by the Speaker and by the government .
A Cabinet Office spokeswoman said : " The decision over when the house should return after an election is a matter for the government , not the cabinet secretary or the civil service . "
The Tories remain suspicious of O'Donnell because he recently published a draft chapter of a new cabinet manual outlining the guidelines for a hung parliament .
Shadow ministers noted that it was a senior civil servant who outlined the delayed convening of parliament before a formal announcement was made by No 10 on the day the election was called .
O'Donnell believes the new guidelines are an honest attempt to avoid the uncertainty that could follow a hung parliament .
He has also guarded against an attempt by Brown to win over the Lib Dems by making major government announcements next week .
The draft chapter says government " purdah " rules , which ban such announcements in an election campaign , would be extended to cover the period of negotiations .
*CNN ends agreement with AP
*CNN launches distribution service
* To start using Reuters to supplement breaking news
NEW YORK , June 21 ( Reuters ) - CNN will no longer use pictures , articles or video from the Associated Press , the cable news company said on Monday , moving to use more of its own resources to cover breaking news and feature stories .
CNN President Jim Walton , in a memo to staff announcing the decision , said that starting immediately the cable network would be the “ primary source of all content for all of our platforms and services . ”
In addition , Walton said CNN had entered into a new deal with Reuters to supplement its breaking news coverage .
A Thomson Reuters TRI .
TOTRI .N spokeswoman confirmed the arrangement , which re-establishes some ties after CNN and Reuters ended a long - term partnership in 2007 .
CNN ’s decision to drop AP came after the two organizations failed to reach a new licensing agreement .
It marks the latest blow to the AP co-operative , which has angered some of its members , including newspapers , over its fees and coverage .
“ It is unfortunate that CNN ’s viewers will no longer have access to the breaking news and worldwide reporting resources of The Associated Press , ” AP spokesman Paul Colford said in an email statement .
CNN , owned by Time Warner TWX.N , announced in 2008 that it planned to distribute its own content , its first step in pulling back from its reliance on wire services .
Walton said in Monday ’s memo that CNN is launching an aggregation and distribution service called CNN Share for its editorial content .
( Reporting by Jennifer Saba , editing by Paul Thomasch and Matthew Lewis )
Mongoid vs MongoMapper : Two Great MongoDB Libraries for Ruby
By Peter Cooper
It 's been almost a year since Ric Roberts posted about using MongoDB and MongoMapper and I 've seen an explosion in the number of people using these tools in the Ruby community since then ( I use them heavily on coder .
io too ) .
MongoMapper has become the de facto standard way to use MongoDB from Ruby , but it 's not the only game in town .
Mongoid , by Durran Jordan , has recently been creeping up in popularity too , and with a stunning project site and robust documentation , it deserves some attention .
At first glance , Mongoid and MongoMapper seem to take similar approaches and have very similar APIs , so I got in touch with both Durran Jordan ( Mongoid ) and John Nunemaker ( MongoMapper ) to split some hairs and it turns out they have different motivations , aims , and , underneath it all , they target different use cases pretty well .
If you 're reading this far , you 're probably already using MongoDB or have some ideas on how you 'd want to use it , so I 'll skip the pleasantries and get straight to the developers ' insights into why you might prefer their library over the other ( or even why the other library is better ) .
First up , Durran Jordan of Mongoid :
Mongoid is completely Rails 3 compatible , and uses ActiveModel all
over the place ( validations , serialization , etc ) , where MongoMapper is still focused on Rails 2 and uses the validatable gem for its validations .
over the place ( validations , serialization , etc ) , where MongoMapper is still focused on Rails 2 and uses the validatable gem for its validations .
Mongoid officially supports and works on Ruby 1.8.7 , 1.9.1 , and 1.9.2 head .
Mongoid supports embedded documents more robustly , performing the MongoDB atomic operations on any area of the hierarchy internally .
( $ set , $ push , $ pull , etc ) .
With MM you need to explicitly tell it to do these operations .
MongoMapper has better relational association support and works like this as default .
MongoMapper is more extensible , with a plugin architecture that makes it pretty easy for people to extend it with their own libraries .
Mongoid does not have this .
MM supports identity maps , Mongoid does not .
MM has a larger community , and probably more 3rd party library support .
I went crazy on documentation and rdoc .
Mongoid supports Master / Slave replication clusters .
( Writes to master , round robin reads to slaves ) MM does not .
Mongoid has an extremely rich ARel style criteria API , MM use AR2 style finders .
( Ed : This may not be such a big issue in MM 's case since version 0.8 added a new query DSL . )
The biggest comment I have gotten from people , and why I designed Mongoid the way I did is predictability .
For one , wrapping the driver cursor when dealing with huge documents and lots of them ( in the millions ) needs to have predictable performance and memory consumption .
We noticed MM did n't deal with large documents ( over 500 k in size ) very well as far as these characteristics go , but handles small documents better than Mongoid .
( This may have changed over the past few months , but was an issue for us and others I have talked to . )
Durran Jordan ( Mongoid )
I also asked John Nunemaker to give some reasons why someone should or might prefer to use MongoMapper :
It 's built from the ground up to be very extendable and gets more so with each release .
Sweet plugin system makes this possible and powers every feature ( check out lib / mongo_mapper / plugins ) .
) .
Very familiar for those coming from ActiveRecord ( querying , scopes , saving , validations , callbacks , etc. ) while still allowing you to take full advantage of the things that make MongoDB awesome .
I bet the farm on MongoDB with Harmony ( which will hopefully someday pay my bills ) so MongoMapper is not going anywhere .
It will continue to get leaner , meaner , and easier to use .
Big plans my friends , big plans .
John Nunemaker ( MongoMapper )
I 'm likely to stick with MongoMapper myself , mostly because I know John , appreciate his dedication to MM and I 'm already using MM in production , but Mongoid is an attractive option , especially for Rails developers or newcomers who might prefer its slicker presentation and " getting started " documentation .
PHP version 5.4 will most likely include the PHP - FPM patch right in the core , which is great news for those of us who like to run PHP under the nginx web server .
You may be asking , “ What is PHP - FPM , and why should I care ? ”
PHP -FPM is a patch for PHP core that handles the starting , stopping , and restarting of FastCGI processes as needed .
This is important because nginx can only interface with PHP via FastCGI , unlike Apache , which loads the whole PHP environment right into itself .
In addition to the performance benefits of nginx over Apache , running PHP via FastCGI rather than as an Apache module has its own benefits :
Lower memory usage ( since extra nginx workers come without the whole weight of the PHP environment )
Easier permissions management ( PHP can run as a different user than your server process )
If PHP crashes , nginx can keep going
The downside is that , compared to mod_php , the nginx , PHP , and FastCGI stack takes significantly more work to set up .
In the past , the way to make this setup work was to co-opt the spawn - fcgi script from the LightTPD project , and use that to start the FastCGI process .
However , there are problems with that setup : it ’s fragile ( if a process stops it might not be restarted correctly ) and it ’s a pain to set up .
After installing and configuring nginx , you need to download LightTPD , grab the script in question and configure it to start automatically , then configure everything to play nicely together .
If you ’re used to the out - of - the - box experience of mod_php , this might convince you to just upgrade your server instead of switching to the leaner , meaner nginx .
Enter PHP -FPM .
This patch bakes FastCGI process management right into PHP .
So if you compile PHP with the FPM patch in place and the - - enable - fpm configuration option , PHP will take care of starting and stopping processes as nginx requests them , with no additional configuration required .
Of course , manually patching and compiling the PHP source is still more work than us lazy web developers would like to do , which is why it ’s great news that , as of PHP 5.4 , FPM will be folded into the core of the PHP project .
This means that you ’ll be able to download PHP , compile it with the - - enable - fpm switch , and be off to the races running it with nginx in the same amount of time and effort it would take to set up with Apache .
So if you ’ve tried running PHP with nginx in the past and given up after jumping through the seventh hoop , I ’d suggest you give PHP - FPM a try .
At the moment there ’s still a bit of hassle involved , but it ’s improving all the time .
In the meantime , you get to be the cool kid on the block with the sweet new toy !
Much of northern England faces a drought within weeks , according to new figures published this week .
The combination of recent high temperatures , one of the sunniest Aprils in a century and five months of below - average rainfall is the reason , the Environment Agency said .
Weekly river flow and rainfall data ( pdf ) shows that the flow in major rivers including the Lune , Wharfe , Wyre , Swale , Conwy , Dee and Taff are already " notably " and in some cases " exceptionally " below - average levels for the time of year .
There is little prospect of the levels being replenished in the immediate future with the present " mostly dry " weather forecast set to continue .
In the last four months , says the agency , north - west England and Wales have received at most 80 % – and sometimes little more than 13 % – of their long - term average rainfall .
It is the driest new year spell since 1964 in England and 1976 in Wales .
" Potentially , north - west England could be reaching full drought status by the end of June , " said an agency spokesman .
" Continued below - average rainfall will increase pressure on water resources and we continue to monitor the situation closely .
Water is a precious resource , and we urge people and businesses to use water responsibly at all times of the year . "
But there is little chance of widespread water shortages in England or Wales , he said , because groundwater and reservoir levels are close to average for the time of year .
" Low summer flows are a likely prospect in many rivers but the overall water resources position remains fairly typical of the late spring . "
Most unusually for Britain , rainfall over the normally wet winter months has been heavy in southern and eastern areas rather than in the west .
While Wales and the Lake District have been far drier than usual , most rivers south and east of a diagonal line between the Humber and the Severn estuary have been running at normal levels .
The hot , dry spell after the Easter and the recent mini heat wave increased temperatures significantly with rainfall down by up to 80 % .
During April , Britain basked in 222 hours of sunshine – compared to the monthly average of 141.3 hours .
The situation is remarkable because the last three summers have been exceptionally wet , leading to a rise in water tables and an increase in the flow of some groundwater - fed rivers .
Towns like Cockermouth , which last year experienced some of the worst floods in a century , are now witnessing near record - low river levels .
Conservation group WWF today warned that many rivers are in danger of drying out completely during a hot summer because an increasing amount of water is being taken by water companies and farmers who have licences dating back nearly 50 years .
This , said the group , is threatening local ecosystems and having serious consequences for wildlife .
" The northern rivers are suffering already this year .
These are the warning signals that we should use less water .
When river flows reduce there are ecological consequences all the way up the food chain , " said Rose Timlett , WWF 's freshwater policy officer .
In many cases the abstraction licences are not fit for purpose as the amount that can be taken bears no relation to the impact on the environment " .
A WWF report issued last month , Riverside Tales , said progress on abstraction licenses " has not gone far enough , and opportunities continue to be missed . "
The Environment Agency , which regulates the amount of water that can be taken from rivers , has warned that demand from growing populations and climate change could reduce river flows in some areas by 80 % by 2050 and that ecosystems in one - third of British river catchments are in danger of drying out in a hot summer .
" We are reviewing abstraction licences .
Some rivers are over - abstracted and over - licenced .
[ The changes ] will affect farmers and some water companies as well as some small - scale industries , " said the agency .
Right before Valentine 's Day , my orthopedist decided that I should be hospitalized for tests .
I 'd been having crippling low - back pain for several weeks and the rest , pain medicine , and muscle relaxants he 'd prescribed were not making me feel any better .
Advertisement
I spent a week in the hospital undergoing a variety of tests to rule out structural abnormalities , cancer , and any other problems that could be causing the pain .
They never found anything .
The ultimate diagnosis : acute stress .
The year was 1983 .
I was eleven years old .
This is the story of me and my bullies .
All these years later , a whole lifetime , and I 've already used half a box of tissue preparing to write about it .
I was just a little girl , deserving of love and protection , like every other child , but I did n't know that .
I thought I was different : unworthy , flawed , and fundamentally unlikeable .
My bullies , and the adults who allowed their behavior to continue , taught me lessons that I 'm still unlearning nearly 30 years later .
Advertisement
Full disclosure : I am changing names for obvious reasons .
Also , emotional pain and time have worked together to make my memory pretty hazy .
This is a true story to the absolute best of my ability .
When I showed up at Madison Middle School in August , 1982 , I was scared .
And while I think that probably every 6th grader at Madison was scared that day , I was unique in my level of terror .
We 'll get back to the reasons for that later , but for now , just know that I was shaking in my summer sandals like there was a salivating tiger on my left and a tsunami wave rolling in on my right .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I went to my classes and listened to the rules .
So many rules !
Do you remember how it was , how they threatened you and swore that they would n't help you no matter what , because for God 's sake you 're not babies anymore and if you think this is like elementary school then forget about it and do you have any idea what it 's like in the REAL WORLD ?!?
Well , do you ?
Rules for the bathroom .
Rules for the lockers .
Do n't be late .
Do n't forget your book .
Always have your paper , your pencil .
Do n't chew gum , do n't talk , do n't run ( but do n't be late ! ) , do n't eat , do n't swear .
Do your homework ; no , not like that !
Put your name here , the date there ( write it out ) , the period number in that place .
Use pencil , no always use pen , no never use pen .
That 's the wrong paper !
Did you write in your book ?
Put a cover on it !
Here 's what I heard : Shut up , sit down , and if I never have any reason to notice you , or even glance in your direction , then you 'll be just fine .
Teachers have no niceness to share ; being ignored is the best you can hope for .
Advertisement
I was all alone .
The Albuquerque Public Schools have a different system now , whereby all kids from several elementary schools feed to one middle school , and then several middle schools feed one high school .
Not so back then .
My elementary school fed four middle schools , with just a tiny handful of us going from Zuni to Madison .
There were no familiar faces around me ; I was surrounded by strangers in every class .
My family might as well have moved across the country over the summer .
There were seven class periods per day .
My 6th period class was PE .
I had kind of looked forward to " changing out " because it seemed grown - up , something that you saw in the movies .
Obviously I had a warped sense of what 's glamorous !
And thus we arrive at problem number 1 , the first thing that my bullies found to target about me : no breasts .
I mean none .
Nada , zilch .
I did n't know it then ( and would have been devastated if I had ) , but I was still a year away from any action at all in the puberty department .
But to be honest , I might as well have been wearing a big ole ' , flashing neon sign on my head that said Pick on me !
I am your willing victim !
Advertisement
I always had a hard time making friends , had struggled socially from the very beginning .
My parents like to tell the story of my first day at pre-school .
There was a one - way mirror so parents could observe , and they were stunned by what they say : me , a little girl who would not stop chattering , ever , while at home , sitting quietly and observing the other children .
Silent .
I was always terrified in social situations , and so excruciatingly sensitive to every perceived slight , even at that young age , that I usually believed that everyone around me hated me .
As I moved through elementary school , every year the kids were a little less tolerant of difference , a little less willing to befriend , or at least leave alone , the shy , awkward girl in the corner .
Complicating matters was the fact that I was very intelligent and had a huge vocabulary for a child my age .
This was probably due to the fact that my parents were both well - educated and used their own wide knowledge of words when speaking to me .
I used my big words and that , coupled with my shyness , earned me a reputation as " stuck up . "
It 's laughable , now , that I was accused of being the very thing that I 'm most NOT .
( God , that 's an awful sentence .
Sorry ' bout that . )
All I wanted was some friends , some kids to talk to me and play with me at recess .
Advertisement
The most ridiculous piece of this particular part of the story is this : my second grade teacher told my parents that I would have more friends if they could make me stop using so many big words .
True story , and a damn sad example of an " educator . "
I always managed to make a few friends , but never more than 2 or 3 at a time , and I was consistently a target of teasing by the girls in my grade .
The worst bullying I endured while I was a student at Zuni happened when I was in 3rd grade .
Two 5th grade girls started to mess with me on the bus every day on the way home from school .
They spit in my hair , over and over , all the way home , to the point that I arrived home with saliva dripping onto my shoulders .
Advertisement
Gross , right ?
Here 's what 's grosser : the bus driver either did n't notice or did n't care , because she never said a word .
Neither of my parents called or went to the school to insist that something be done , nor did they ever ( not once ) drive me home from school to spare me the torment .
No other child on a bus jammed full of students ever tried to intervene .
Only my little sister , in kindergarten at the time , tried to defend me .
I was in third grade in 1980 , so 30 years ago now .
I still remember the names of both those girls , can still feel the hot shame that nested behind my face when they taunted me and spat on me .
Advertisement
My elementary school experiences had primed the pump ; I was more prepared for my middle school bullies than I was for middle school literature and science .
There were three of them : Kathy , Karen , and Tanya .
I do n't know if they knew each other before 6th grade or if they fell together that year , but they joined forces and made me their common enemy .
It was a campaign of terror that , while not unique to middle school girls , is certainly most common among them .
Virtually all of it happened in the girls ' locker room , though they got away with plenty out in the open , during PE class .
Our coach joined in just enough to make it clear that he would n't be a source of support .
Advertisement
The details are lost to me .
There was lots of name calling .
I know they snapped my bra strap plenty , after I begged my mom to buy me one so I could keep my non-breasts covered .
They pulled my ponytail hard , so that my head snapped back and hurt my neck .
Mostly , though , they relied on the name calling and the taunting , and I almost never answered them .
I just took it , because I believed it was mine to take .
By Halloween , I was in agony all day , every day , dreading 6th period .
I cried every evening at the dinner table with the misery of it all , and my parents tried to be sympathetic .
Eventually , though , they were annoyed , then angry , at my inability to resolve the situation .
They encouraged me to fight back , to punch or kick or hurt the girls to make them stop .
They sent me to a counselor in hopes that she could convince me to fight back .
No luck .
I was far , far too afraid of authority to do any such thing .
Advertisement
How afraid of authority was I ?
In three years of middle school , I was never ( not ever , not even once ) late to a class .
I was in agony from a full - to - bursting bladder at least once a week , but I would not risk being late to class by using my 5 minute passing period to go to the bathroom .
At Madison , the lockers are in long halls that are kept locked except before and after school and before and after lunch , so we had to make sure we had everything we needed as there was no running to a locker between classes .
One time ( ONE TIME ) in 3 years of middle school , I forgot one of my books .
( Funny how pain makes some memories fuzzy , and leaves some of them so sharp . )
It was my English book , the class I had right after PE during 6th grade .
I was shaking and sweating through 5th and 6th periods because of forgetting that book .
And my parents and my counselor wanted me to punch someone ?
I went to the school counselor for help .
She decided a session involving Kathy , Karen , Tanya , and I was in order , so that we could air all of our grievances .
Clearly , the school counselor had a fundamental misunderstanding of the nature of the situation .
She saw a conflict among peers , when in fact it was a victim / perpetrator situation .
We sat in her office and the three girls told me all the things that disgusted them about me .
( I do n't remember most of what was said , but I do recall that one of my facial expressions was a problem for them . )
Thus emboldened by quasi- approval from a school authority figure , the girls re-doubled their efforts .
Advertisement
Sometime shortly after the New Year , my mom and I were at the grocery store when I turned to see Kathy standing next to her own mom 's grocery cart .
She squinched up her eyes and pulled a disgusted , I - smell - something - nasty face .
I yanked my mom's sleeve and whispered , " That 's one of them , one of the girls from PE ! "
We finished our shopping and when we got in the checkout line , my mom went to speak to Kathy 's mom .
No big surprise here : the next day I caught hell .
Karen and Tanya were furious that I got Kathy in trouble and tripled their harassment , stealing things from my locker and encouraging other kids in our PE class to join them in harassing me .
Advertisement
Eventually , the stress took its toll and I landed in the hospital .
The back pain was so bad that I could n't sit or bend over .
Except sometimes I could .
The pain was not constant , and I have never admitted this to anyone , ever .
I felt guilty about that for many years , but not anymore .
I did n't know how to communicate my anguish , did n't know how to get the adults in my life to hear me , and letting them believe that the pain was more than it was was the only way I knew to get any relief .
I missed two weeks of school and it was pure bliss , like taking off a 200 pound backpack I 'd been staggering under for 6 long months .
Note to parents : if your child is so stressed out that he or she is in the hospital to rule out spinal cancer , something is deeply wrong .
Advertisement
I walked into the girls ' locker room on my first day back to school and Kathy turned to Karen and Tanya and , sneer on her face and disgust thick in her voice , said , " Look who 's back . "
I made it to the end of 6th grade .
I faked sick a few times , though I never refused to go to school .
My parents did not express any sympathy or take any action on my behalf .
Once , my dad said to me , " If this is the way you act at school , it 's no wonder you do n't have any friends . "
My mom got angry at the dinner table several times , saying , " Ca n't we ever talk about anything other than you and your problems ? "
Advertisement
And so , by the time winter became spring , I had learned my lessons , and I had learned them well .
What my bullies taught me : I do n't matter .
My suffering is not important .
I am socially unacceptable , worthy only of rejection .
I'm weak , a loser , destined to be a social bottom - feeder , or worse , absolutely alone .
The best I can hope for , in my relationships with others , is to be left alone .
I am a fundamentally unlikeable person .
Advertisement
What the adults taught me : I 'm unworthy of help .
To identify or talk about a problem is to whine or feel sorry for myself .
When I ask for help , I will not get it .
The way other people behave toward me , no matter how bad , is my fault .
I am a fundamentally unlikeable person .
I was never again bullied the way I was in 6th grade .
There were some girls here and there , throughout 7th and 8th grades who taunted me , and I never had many friends , but that sort of systematic torment was over .
Advertisement
But any social confidence I may have had ( did I ever have any ? ) was shattered .
Throughout the rest of middle - school , I went to the library during lunch rather than risk rejection in the cafeteria .
Books , always my favorite escape , became even more important to me .
I tried to hide , to blend into the background .
I hated myself , hated everything about my life .
I had increasingly frequent episodes of depression , but I had learned by then that there was no help , and so I just showed up and went through the motions until I could get back into my books , back into the quiet solitude of my bed .
High school was better .
Much , much better , in fact .
I never had any social confidence , did n't make friends easily or feel comfortable with people , but I had some friends .
Kathy , Karen , and Tanya all went to the same high school and , amazingly , I never had a class with any one of them .
I saw them sometimes , in the commons or on the walk across campus , and the dominant feeling I had when that happened was fear .
I hated myself for that fear , hated that I was still so weak , but I could n't shake it .
Advertisement
Since I 'm eviscerating myself in public here , I 'll tell you the truth : it 's still my dominant feeling .
When I am with people , no matter where I go ( even online ) , I expect to be rejected .
I assume that you will hate me , that you will seek to avoid me , that you hope I wo n't bother you by trying to talk to you .
Every expression of acceptance is a surprise to me .
I want people to be nice to me , but I never expect it .
I expect people to reject me ; I hope they will leave me alone .
Niceness does n't really factor into any of that .
Understand that I 'm not laying any of my present emotional landscape at anyone 's feet except my own .
They ( the bullies and the adults who did n't stop them ) taught the lessons they taught ; I chose which lessons to learn , which lessons to carry with me into my adult life .
My struggle to let go of all of that is mine and mine alone .
There are connections , of course .
The lessons I learned helped me choose my first husband , an unkind and critical man who I believed was the only man who would ever want me .
But ultimately , that choice was mine ; the connections to my bullies are not causes .
Advertisement
I went about living my life .
Sixth grade was a painful memory .
In my early twenties , I thought about that year a lot and wished for the chance to do it again , to stand up for myself , to bring my adult strength to a child 's situation .
But as my own children approached the age I was when I was abused by my classmates , my thinking changed .
I started to recognize that Kathy , Karen , and Tanya were little girls , too .
They were so large in my memory , so much more powerful than I was , that they had become something other than children for me .
They were just as young as I was , caught up in personal turmoil about which I know nothing .
Why did they do what they did ?
I do n't know , but it seems pretty unlikely that they were bad kids whose parents did n't care what they did .
In fact , I 'd guess that Karen and Tanya 's parents would have punished them for such behavior just like Kathy 's mom punished her .
I think they were probably very nice girls from their parents ' perspectives .
I think they would have been shocked to find out what their daughters were doing at school .
Advertisement
As I came , over several years , to this new perspective , my anger at the adults involved grew .
How could they just let me suffer that way ?
And of course I know how , in a rational , removed sort of way .
They did n't know what to do ; they did n't know the breadth and depth of the problem .
They 'd been conditioned to believe that , unless there is physical aggression that leaves marks , the problem is n't significant enough to warrant any real attention .
But past rational , past the adult - me who is raising children and sometimes making big mistakes and who understands that shit happens and you can't always fix it , there is an eleven year old girl in a blind red rage .
I was a little girl .
The coach , my parents , the school counselor , they were adults .
Their responsibility , first and foremost , before anything else , was to keep me safe .
And they failed .
They failed big .
Advertisement
In my adult life , I 've had almost no contact with any of the people with whom I went to school .
I did n't go to any of our reunions , did n't call or write , did n't even exchange Christmas cards .
Finally ( finally ! ) , as I moved deeper into my 30s , the pain of those years started to recede .
Sending my eldest to 6th grade was indescribably gut - wrenching , but for the most part , I did n't think about it much anymore .
Although I 've always been afraid that my children would bully or be bullied ( I probably would n't handle that very well . ) , they 've been much more confident than I ever was .
We still live in Albuquerque ; my kids are students in the same school system in which I was educated , but things are different now .
They take bullying more seriously .
Last year , I joined Facebook .
While I was skipping sleep in that first week , hunting down old boyfriends and making sure my kids were n't posting their phone numbers for all the world to see , I found all three of them : Kathy , Karen , and Tanya .
For weeks , I thought about contacting them , telling them how much they had hurt me .
I would see their names show up in comments to mutual friends and it was like a tiny stab .
I turned it over in my mind , even starting , then discarding , a few messages .
Advertisement
Ultimately , I decided not to do it .
If the first lesson my bullies taught me was " I do n't matter , " how bad would it hurt if the message I got back said , " I have no idea who you are .
What the hell are you even talking about ? "
I knew that would hurt more than I could bear , so I gave up on the idea .
And then .
On March 24 , the day before my birthday , a message from Kathy showed up in my Facebook inbox .
Advertisement
Gobsmacked .
I 'm at a loss to describe what happened to me in that moment .
I was sobbing and shaking before I finished the first sentence .
How can a wound that old still be so tender ?
I can't answer that , only tell you that it was .
Advertisement
Far from forgetting me , she remembered 6th grade often .
These are her some of words :*
My oldest kiddo is ten and we just had his parent / teacher conference this past week .
At every conference since he was in kindergarten , his teachers always comment about how accepting he is and how he goes out of his way to be kind and be a good friend to all of his fellow students .
And while that is nice to hear about my child , it always makes me think of how I treated you and how for a very long time I have wanted to find a way to get in touch with you to tell you how sorry I am .
Advertisement
Not forgotten .
NOT a person who does n't matter .
Me , worthy of consideration .
Me , worthy of the time it took to write a thoughtful , heartfelt apology .
I lay awake all night that night .
I thought of nothing but Kathy , and 6th grade , and the other girls , Karen and Tanya , for several days .
The letter turned my world inside out , brought me to my knees , and when the storm had passed , a Kathy - shaped piece of pain rose out of me and floated away , and in its place ?
A new friend .
Kathy and I have exchanged more than a dozen messages since that first day and with every message , we 're a little more comfortable , a little less tentative and nervous .
I giggle and joke and call it my Facebook miracle , except it 's not really a joke at all .
Advertisement
* * * * *
Recently , bullying stories have been all over the news , stories of girls who ended their lives because of abusive treatment by their peers .
For all the anguish I experienced during 6th grade , when I came home from school , the taunting and teasing stopped , completely , until I went back to school .
Back then , we did n't even have cordless phones and answering machines , much less internet and text messages .
I can't imagine I would have survived if Karen , Kathy , and Tanya had had 24/7 access to me .
Advertisement
I 've long wondered why they did what they did , but even Kathy does n't know :
For many years now , I have questioned why I treated you so horribly when we were in school together .
And as much as I 've thought about it and as much as I 've tried to figure it out , honestly do n't know why .
Maybe peer pressure of trying to fit in , maybe joining in with others so that they would n't pick on me , or maybe I was just a horrible , horrible person .
Maybe all of the above .
But whatever the reason , it does not change the fact that I was wrong to treat you the way I did .
I want you to know how very sorry I am .
I know I caused you tremendous pain and suffering because of my actions .
I want you to know that my apology is sincere and heartfelt .
From the very bottom of my heart , I am so very sorry for the abusive way I treated you when we were in school .
Advertisement
Parents , talk to your kids about bullying , because any child can be a bully .
Any child can get caught in the swirling social morass of middle and high school .
I do n't vilify my bullies anymore ; we were all little girls .
We were children who , lacking adequate supervision and guidance , found ourselves tangled in a situation that got too big for us .
Adults should have saved us , and I do mean us , not me .
I suffered from years of shame ; Kathy suffered from years of guilt .
( Perhaps Tanya and Karen have suffered , too , though I do n't know . )
Adult intervention could have protected us all .
Know what your kids are doing at school , how they 're treating other children , and find out what their school 's bullying policies are .
Find out if they follow those policies , how they are enforced , and what the grievance procedure is .
If there is n't a policy in place , or if the policy is inadequate , work with some other parents and pressure the school to change it .
Advertisement
And if your child is being bullied in school , do not wait , do not hesitate , do not be scared .
Just make it stop .
Find a way .
I can't tell you how to make it stop because every situation is different , but if you need the courage to confront the school , you email me and I will pep talk you to the moon .
As parents , keeping our kids safe is job one .
You can do it .
Because honestly ?
I would have been better off if my parents had done anything , up to and including letting me hang out at home and read books all year .
Academically , I learned something between nothing and absolutely zero that year .
How could I have learned ?
That 's like locking someone in the tiger pen at the zoo and insisting they write a 2,000 word discourse on surplus transfer and the birth of capitalism .
Advertisement
* * * * *
I want to thank my lovely , generous Twitter friends who supported me while I wrote this painful story .
I could n't have done it without all of you cheering me on and reminding me that I 'm a bad ass who can keep writing no matter how hard I 'm crying .
Advertisement
And Kathy : thank you .
From my toes to my head , thank you .
I know you feel guilty , but hear this my friend : I forgive you , wholly and completely .
* I 've included portions of Kathy 's message to me with her permission .
Because for all the painful lessons I learned from my bullies , I also learned this one :
It 's important to play nice .
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on the website No Points For Style .
Republished with permission .
Want to see your work here ?
Email us !
This article is from the archive of our partner .
During the run-up to the 2003 Iraq invasion , the CIA considered plans to secretly distribute videos of a Saddam Hussein look - alike having sex with a teenage boy .
The Washington Post 's Jeff Stein reports that the tape , which was never made , would have been designed to look like a hidden camera recording to discredit the Iraqi leader in advance of the U.S. - led invasion .
Stein also reports , " The agency actually did make [ but never released ] a video purporting to show Osama bin Laden and his cronies sitting around a campfire swigging bottles of liquor and savoring their conquests with boys , one of the former CIA officers recalled , chuckling at the memory . "
Pundits are understandably agog at the plans .
Here are the details and the reaction .
More U.S. ' Homoerotic Tactics ' Wired 's Noah Shachtman points out , " it was n't the only time American operatives attempted to use homoerotic tactics against its enemies in the Middle East .
There were the nude human pyramids at Abu Ghraib .
And before 9/11 , the CIA tried to recruit a gay agent who could penetrate and compromise Al Qaeda 's inner circle . "
He muses , " I wonder if that 's how the rumor surfaced in the British press of al - Qaeda chiefs ' raping young male converts to shame them into becoming suicide bombers . ' "
When Do We See the Osama Tape ?
Gawker 's Maureen O'Connor gets hopeful .
" Wikileaks : I think you have your next video target . "
Why Plans Were Dropped The Washington Post 's Jeff Stein explains , " The ideas were patently ridiculous , said the other former agency officer .
' They came from people whose careers were spent in Latin America or East Asia ' and did n't understand the cultural nuances of the region .
' Saddam playing with boys would have no resonance in the Middle East -- nobody cares , ' agreed a third former CIA official with extensive experience in the region .
' Trying to mount such a campaign would show a total misunderstanding of the target .
We always mistake our own taboos as universal when , in fact , they are just our taboos . ' "
Were Other Tapes Faked ?
Steve Watson of the conspiracy theory website Information Wars speculates , " This latest revelation bolsters evidence that the intelligence agencies , and perhaps more significantly , the military have been engaged in creating fake Bin Laden videos in the past . "
Two Plans That Were Enacted Jeff Stein reports : " Inserting fake ' crawls ' -- messages at the bottom of the screen -- into Iraqi newscasts . "
And : " The single most effective ' information warfare ' project , which originated in the Pentagon , was to send faxes and e-mails to Iraqi unit commanders as the fighting began , telling them their situation was hopeless , to round up their tanks , artillery and men , and go home .
Many did . "
What Was This Supposed to Accomplish ?
Vanity Fair's Juli Weiner rolls her eyes , " That way , there 'd be no way the fascist dictator would ever get enough popular support to win a rigged election in which he was the sole candidate !
There 'd just be no way .
Other ideas included fake news reports , fake news crawls , fake resignations , and actual wars . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
A leading South African distributor has told MCV that many of the country ’s major retailers refuse to stock Xbox 360 consoles due to reliability concerns and the infamous Red Ring of Death ( RROD ) .
The Xbox360 has had a rather rough time in South Africa , ” Apex Interactive director Quinton Davie stated .
It has been plagued with an extraordinarily high failure rate on the hardware when it was initially launched , which has seen it been removed from some of the important retail stores in our territory . ”
In 2009 Microsoft extended the warranty period it offered to Xbox 360 buyers as a result of the problems many were experiencing – a decision that cost the tech giant in excess of $ 1bn .
In 2007 the problem was investigated by the BBC ’s consumer rights program Watchdog .
Microsoft has claimed to have significantly increased reliability with recent hardware revisions that have reduced the heat it generates and stiffened its chassis against heat - related warping .
Davie added that the PS2 is still a strong performer in the region : South Africa still has strong sales on the PS2 console , even though it is not strong in Europe .
PS2 was still one of the highest volume movers for last Christmas .
Wii is also performing well in South Africa .
DS has had a much slower up take in the marketplace – so much so that Nintendo released the DS Lite , skipped over the DSi and then launched the DSi XL at the end of last month . ”
( CNN ) --
For most of American history , a Supreme Court with no Protestant Christian judges would have been unthinkable .
Nearly three - quarters of all justices who 've ever served on the nation 's high court have been Protestant .
And roughly half of all Americans today identify themselves as Protestant .
But since Justice John Paul Stevens announced his retirement last month , legal and religious scholars have begun entertaining the unprecedented prospect of a Supreme Court without a single Protestant justice .
Besides Stevens , who is Protestant , the current Supreme Court counts six Catholics and two Jews .
" It 's an amazing irony , given how central Protestantism has been to American culture , " said Stephen Prothero , a religion scholar at Boston University .
" For most of the 19th century , Protestants were trying to turn America into their own heaven on Earth , which included keeping Jews and Catholics from virtually all positions of power . "
Many religion scholars attribute the decline of Protestant representation on the high court to the breakdown of a mainline Protestant identity and to the absence of a strong tradition of lawyering among evangelical Protestants .
" Mainline Protestantism is n't a pressure group , " said Prothero , " It 's not like the National Council of Churches is lobbying Obama to get a Lutheran appointed to the Supreme Court . "
And while Judaism and Catholicism have their own sets of religious laws that date back millennia , many branches of Protestant Christianity do not .
For much of the last 150 years , evangelical Christianity has stressed an emotional theology of heart over head -- not a recipe for producing legal scholars with eyes fixed on the Supreme Court .
" Evangelicals have put more effort into getting elected than in getting onto the bench , " said Michael Lindsay , a Rice University professor who has studied evangelical elites .
" Electoral politics is more similar to the style of rallying of around revival campaign than it is to the arduous journey of producing intellectual giants that could be eligible for the Supreme Court . "
President Obama plans to name Solicitor General Elena Kagan on Monday as his nominee to replace Stevens , two sources close to the process told CNN .
Kagan is Jewish .
Obama 's first Supreme Court appointee , Sonia Sotomayor , is Catholic .
One explanation of Catholics ' and Jews ' high court hegemony is that members of both traditions have long pursued legal degrees as a way to assimilate into a majority Protestant country .
" Most American Catholic law schools were not formed to be elite institutions of lofty legal scholarship , but as a way to respond to the fact that other law schools were excluding Catholics , " said Richard Garnett , a professor at the University of Notre Dame Law School .
" It was a vehicle to get Catholics into the middle class . "
" Early on , those schools admitted a lot of Jewish students who were being discriminated against , " Garnett said .
Today , Catholic law schools at Georgetown University , Fordham University and Notre Dame are considered among the best in the country .
Evangelical Protestant colleges , meanwhile -- including Regent University and Liberty University , founded by Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell respectively -- have had law schools only since the 1980s .
And law schools with Protestant roots , like Harvard and Yale , shed their religious identities a long time ago , part of the broader fading of a distinct mainline Protestant identity in the U.S. .
Some legal and religious scholars say the dearth of qualified evangelical candidates for the Supreme Court came into sharp relief in 2005 , when President George W. Bush nominated White House counsel Harriet Miers to the high court .
An evangelical Christian whom the White House promoted strenuously among evangelicals , Miers had her nomination brought down largely by conservatives -- nonevangelicals , mostly -- who said she was not qualified for the position .
In the last couple of decades , however , more evangelicals have begun pursuing legal degrees , some at elite colleges .
" There are now vibrant Christian fellowships at Harvard and Yale , " said Lindsay .
" Ten years from now , it will be entirely possible to see an evangelical Protestant on the Supreme Court . "
Rachel Heflin , a senior at Patrick Henry College -- a Virginia school whose students are mostly evangelicals from homeschooling backgrounds -- said many of her friends are heading to law school next year .
" When your circle of friends is comprised of aspiring lawyers , the joke is about who 's going to make it to the high court first , " said Heflin , an evangelical Christian who will be attending George Washington University Law School on scholarship .
Which means that a Protestant Supreme Court resurgence may not be too far off .
This story is part of a special series that explores energy issues .
For more , visit The Great Energy Challenge .
In the past year , the U.S. auto industry has reeled under market pressure , faced bankruptcy , accepted billions of dollars in government bailout money , and agreed to mandates for cleaner and more efficient vehicles .
But for two brothers from Colorado with an automotive start - up company , things could n’t be better .
Levi Tillemann - Dick , 28 , and his brother Corban , 24 , are carrying on a dream they hatched with their late father , Denver inventor and businessman Timber Dick , to bring to market a radical new engine design that is much more efficient than a traditional internal combustion engine .
The four - stroke engine used in gasoline - powered cars today was a breakthrough when pioneers like Nikolaus Otto and Gottlieb Daimler developed the design in the 1870s and 1880s .
But its operation is so inefficient that only 20 to 30 percent of fuel in the tank is converted to energy that actually makes the car move .
The rest is lost , mostly as heat .
The Tillemann - Dick brothers believe that they can ramp up that efficiency to 50 percent by shifting from a piston - driven engine design to an “ internally radiating impulse structure ” that expands and contracts like the iris of an eye .
They believe their start - up company based in Washington , D.C. , IRIS Engines , has an advantage in efficiency and engine power as a result of this unique design , and can benefit from the forces roiling an auto industry currently based on piston - driven engines .
An efficiency drive
In the United States , federal regulators last month finalized a rule that will require automakers to achieve an average fuel efficiency of 35.5 miles per gallon by 2016 .
The European Union has set a goal that is the equivalent of about 48 miles per gallon by 2017 , and Japan has set comparable goals , says Levi , who serves as IRIS Engines ’ chief executive .
Efforts to address global warming by putting a price on carbon emissions , although currently facing an uncertain future in the U.S. Congress , could raise the bar even higher for automakers .
“ All of these people , in order to maintain the performance and utility characteristics of their vehicles , are looking hard for new solutions to efficiency and power density , ” Levi says .
IRIS Engines is one of several start - ups that are focusing on better engine design .
Venture Capitalist Vinod Khosla , a co-founder of Sun Microsystems , has made high - profile investments in two companies working on boosting engine efficiency , Transonic Combustion and EcoMotors .
The Tillemann - Dick brothers also have gotten Silicon Valley recognition — last year winning a $ 100,000 investment prize from venture firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson ( the funders behind Hotmail and eBay . )
However , they declined an investment offer from the firm — Levi says only that the pair felt it was n’t the right deal — and they continue to work on attracting funding .
Visually , the IRIS engine is a stunning departure from a piston - driven engine .
Six gates form a tight circle when closed and then pivot open when a mixture of fuel and air is ignited .
One IRIS can replace a four - cylinder engine .
Because it uses the walls of the chamber ( the gates ) as a working surface , rather than the floor of the chamber ( the head of the piston ) , the engine increases its working surface area from about 25 percent to more than 70 percent .
“ Starfire ” was the name first proposed for the engine by Timber Dick , listed as lead inventor together with his sons on the company ’s patents .
In 2008 , the design beat out more than 1,000 entries to capture first place for transportation technology in NASA ’s “ Create the Future ” annual design competition .
But a month prior to the awards ceremony , Dick died in a car accident at the age of 52 .
Two of his 11 children , Levi and Corban , made the decision to take up his work .
The patented design has since won competitions such as the ConocoPhillips Energy Prize and the Dow Sustainability Prize .
The company ’s chief technologist is Simon Pitts , who has had a long career in power - train development and research for Ford .
Eric Ridenour , who was chief operating officer for Daimler - Chrysler from 2005 until 2007 , is on the IRIS Engines advisory team , as is Daniel Yergin , chairman of the consulting firm IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates and author of the Pulitzer Prize - winning history of the oil industry , The Prize .
Up against inertia
But the auto industry is not known as an early adopter .
Think Buckminster Fuller ’s 1933 Dymaxion car with its high fuel efficiency , three wheels , and aerodynamic design , or GM ’s abandoned 1990s foray into electric cars .
John Heitmann , an automotive historian and University of Dayton professor who wrote The Automobile and American Life , says that crash cells , fuel injection , and antilock brakes all were developed in Europe after World War II when the American industry had little incentive to change .
“ Initially , there was a lot of innovation in the auto industry in [ its ] first two decades but by the early 1930s the industry became mature and technological stagnation set in , ” he says .
“ Not body styles — that was n’t stagnant — but what was stagnant was the entire power train configuration . . .
They were left behind by their own hubris . ”
Marcis Jansons , an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Wayne State University and researcher at the university ’s Center for Automotive Research , sees many roadblocks for the IRIS engine .
“ I think they ’re facing a reciprocating engine that ’s been around for a long time with a long history of refinement , ” he says .
“ Any new , revolutionary , or radically different design is going to have to have a similar evolution . ”
In addition to competition from other designs , such as the effort to incorporate electric power into vehicles , Jansons says that improvements are always being made to the traditional internal combustion engine .
“ The target is not stationary .
It ’s being refined and made better and has a proven track record , ” he says .
The Tillemann - Dick brothers are aware of the challenges .
They do n’t expect to replace the piston engine in a Ford or Toyota overnight .
Corban , IRIS Engines ’ president , says the company is looking into how its engine might play a role in some of the technology evolution now taking place .
One possibility is that the engine could act as a “ range extender ” for hybrid-electric vehicles .
Cars are not necessarily the “ break - in market , ” says Levi .
“ Internal combustion engines are in everything from chain saws and compressors to water craft and outboard motors , ” he says .
“ There are two major benefits that go along with the design .
One , efficiency — the green angle — gets people excited .
But the other benefit is the ability to have much higher power density in a really small package – something the size of large thermos that puts out about 200 horsepower . ”
The brothers have met with engine manufacturers as well as automakers and a large operator of fleet vehicles in hopes of a joint development deal .
“ A lot of people are enthusiastic about the design , ” Levi says .
Nonetheless , Heitmann says he sees a host of issues facing the IRIS , such as integrating the engine into a vehicle and whether it can be mass - produced at a low enough cost .
At the same time , he says , automakers are making strides on electric and plug - in electric hybrid vehicles and are not necessarily interested in finding a new type of fossil - fuel engine .
“ That said , I think these guys could n’t have picked a better time , ” says Heitmann .
“ This is one of the most dynamic times in the industry , and the industry is now open to new ideas .
Eight years ago no one would have cared . ”
BANGKOK — A deal to end two months of protests in Bangkok appeared to be weakening on Tuesday as antigovernment protesters hardened their stance on one demand while the prime minister threatened to take “ necessary action ” if they failed to leave their barricaded encampment by Wednesday .
The government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said it would withdraw its offer of elections in November if protesters did not disperse , Thai news outlets reported .
“ They must end their protest , ” Mr. Abhisit said .
“ The people have seen enough trouble already . ”
Protest leaders who on Monday seemed a hair ’s breadth from agreeing to a government plan for reconciliation swung to a more hard - line position Tuesday , emphasizing the emotional issue of the government ’s responsibility for last month ’s failed crackdown , which left 25 people dead .
What is apparently a collapse in negotiations highlights the government ’s difficulty in dealing with an increasingly factionalized , skeptical and embittered protest movement .
Many of the protest leaders have political ambitions and appear eager to leave Bangkok only with an unambiguous victory .
By chance , I arrived in Dublin this week on the day that the Saville report on Bloody Sunday was published .
By a weird irony , I had long ago arranged to come to Ireland to be interviewed for a television documentary on the IRA in the early 1970s , when I was cutting my teeth as a reporter on my first big story .
So in the morning , I was recalling the activities of Gerry Adams and Brendan Hughes and Martin McGuinness – whom I remember in Derry in 1972 as a cold , ruthless , rather frightening figure – and in the afternoon , I was wading into the Saville report .
Eloquent though it is – and wonderful in its respect and declaration of innocence for the Catholic dead – I 'm not sure it 's quite the Word of God that it has been made out to be .
The Irish papers oozed with admiration for Saville , but largely missed the expensive soap which Saville used to clean the reputation of both the Tory government of the time and the British Army hierarchy .
Thus the commanding officer of 1st Battalion , the Parachute Regiment , got blamed but all the generals received a splendid bill of health .
No conspiracies .
Nobody at the top wanted Bloody Sunday to happen .
But what about General Robert Ford who shouted that day in Derry " Go on Paras , go " ?
What exactly did he mean ?
And if the senior officers at Lisburn were so innocent , how come they created – and they had to be the ones to do it – the cocktail of lies that were fed to the press ?
Reading Saville , I realised that his report shone like gold because the Widgery report was so dishonest .
Anything looks good against Widgery .
It 's a bit like Lord Blair , when he used to tell us " we " were better than Saddam Hussein , was that really to be the baseplate for our morality ?
So with Saville .
Yet looking back on those terrible years , I am horrified at not just the gullibility of us reporters but at our sheer ignorance .
Like most of my other young colleagues , I had a university education but no real knowledge of Ireland .
There were few good books then on modern Irish history .
And I fear that many of us – despite our liberal upbringing and our acknowledgement of Stormont 's injustice to the Catholics – were under the subconscious influence of darker images ; the old Punch cartoon , for example , of the drunken Irishman holding a cudgel with which he would without any reason murder the refined young Englishmen who kept invading his country
We knew that Ireland was neutral in the Second World War , and heard that Taoiseach de Valera had paid a visitor 's condolence to the German legation on Hitler 's death and an Irishman on the west coast had refuelled German U - boats .
Ireland was indeed neutral and de Valera did his make his notorious condolence visit .
But the U - boat story was a lie .
Years later , studying for a doctorate in politics at Trinity College , Dublin , I spent five months travelling down the Irish west coast to investigate the U - boat claims .
I read all the Irish government 's coastwatching reports from 1939 to 1942 .
I visited old men and women in remote villages from Donegal to Cork , some of them wartime coastwatchers .
In the archive at Kew I 'd found records of the Tamara , a Royal Navy tugboat disguised as a trawler that went vainly hunting for U - boats along the Irish west coast .
Lieutenant Commander W R Fell of the Tamara even went ashore on Sherkin Island in Co Cork where his vessel " was boarded by the most plausible scoundrels .
They begged or stole anything in reach ... one old man reputed to be worth thousands had trousers patched with paper .
All would commit any crime for a shilling " .
I eventually tracked down villagers from Sherkin who remembered the wartime pauper – his name was Louis Nolan and he was the harbourmaster 's brother – but they said it was Nolan 's shirt that was patched with newspaper , not his trousers .
And there were no U - boats .
So thoroughly did I check out every possible lead that I came up with three U - boat stories , at least one of which is absolutely copper - bottomed .
The first was a U - 35 which sailed in to Dingle Bay on 4 October 1939 to put ashore the crew of a Greek ship called Diamantes which it had sunk 40 miles west of the Skelligs .
Those were the days when U - boat crews tried to be honourable to their victims , who in this case were duly taken by the police to Michael Long , the Lloyd 's agent in Dingle .
Local rumour , however , suggested that the U - boat captain had bid his captive goodbye with the astonishing adieu : " Give my best wishes to Micky Long . "
Had he been one of the many German " tourists " travelling in Ireland before the war ?
When my thesis was later published as a book , I received a polite letter from the long - retired U - boat captain .
He had never been to Ireland before the war , he told me .
And he had never heard of Michael Long .
In Kerry , a man called Michael O'Sullivan said that as a boy he had been taken by an old man with a donkey and cart loaded with a pig , cabbages and potatoes to Brandon Creek where a U - boat crew collected their supplies .
O'Sullivan said the crew had ribbons down the back of their hats – this was a normal part of German naval rating 's uniform – and I thought this gave credibility to his memory .
There was also a fisherman in Donegal who told me that a barnacle - encrusted U - boat once surfaced beside him and that the crew asked for fish – and paid for the catch in Irish currency !
But Hugh Wren , official coastwatcher between Ballybunnion and Dingle between 1939 and 1944 , remarked to me , " Most of the submarines had been seen in pubs . "
By MATTHEW HICKLEY , Daily Mail
Last updated at 10:38 30 May 2006
England is the fourth most crowded country on the planet , with more people crammed into each square mile than China , India or Japan , a startling report reveals .
Experts warn that mass migration is causing serious environmental harm around the world .
It is especially putting pressure on densely populated states such as Britain , threatening resources such as water supplies .
The research by the Optimum Population Trust think - tank claims that although the UK has a moral obligation to shelter genuine refugees , it needs large - scale immigration ' like a hole in the head ' .
It warns that governments across the world have focused on the economic impact of mass migration .
But they have failed to grasp the potentially massive environmental costs as swathes of land are exhausted and abandoned in a ' scorched earth policy on a global scale ' .
The answer , the think - tank says , is to encourage families to stay in their own countries through sustainable development .
Since Labour came to power , record levels of immigration have added 1.2 million to Britain 's population , which topped 60 million last year , including just over 50 million in England .
That means England ranks fourth in the world for population density - excluding small island or city states such as Singapore or Monaco .
Only Bangladesh , South Korea and the Netherlands are more crowded .
The French have more than three times as much land per person .
An estimated 300,000 immigrants arrive here each year , but ministers insist huge numbers are needed to fill gaps in the economy , and are introducing a points system to attract more skilled foreigners .
According to the Optimum Population Trust report , to be submitted as evidence to a Parliamentary inquiry on population , Britain 's projected population growth of more than ten million by 2074 is equivalent to building 57 more towns the size of Luton .
Resource and energy shortages
With parts of the country already facing serious water supply problems , population growth will make the UK increasingly vulnerable to resource and energy shortages while increasing its contribution to climate change , the study warns .
Professor Aubrey Manning , of Edinburgh University - patron of the think - tank - said : ' The UK has a moral obligation to accept some immigration , given the current world situation , but we need immigration like we need a hole in the head . '
The Earth 's life - support systems are ' clearly under severe pressure , ' he said , with mass immigration often caused by rapid population growth which outstrips a region 's ability to support it .
This leads to land becoming degraded .
The study cites UN figures showing that number of migrants worldwide rose by 17 million a year from 2000 to 2005 , reaching an estimated 192 million last year .
There are around 30 million environmental refugees , with a further 135 million worldwide at risk from the spread of deserts , according to the UN .
The answer must be to prevent or cure the environmental damage of soil erosion and advancing deserts , the report warns , rather than mass migration to escape it .
The report also warns that rising populations and migration are together hampering attempts to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals , designed to tackle poverty , disease and deprivation in the developing world .
As part of our continuing coverage of the USHL Drafts , I thought I 'd take a look at some of the players that have been selected to shape the USHL 's newest expansion franchises .
The way the USHL handles this , allowing teams to tender a couple top prospects each , select a few players off current USHL rosters , and then draft along with everybody else , should allow both of the USHL's new franchises to be instantly competitive in the league .
We 'll start off by looking at the Muskegon Lumberjacks , which will be led by former Wisconsin assistant coach Kevin Patrick .
Pre-Draft Tenders : G Joel Vienneau , D Jaycob Megna , D Sebastian Gingras , D Mark Yanis , F Matt Berry , F Mike Conderman
The Lumberjacks obviously seemed to make a conscious effort to build from the net outwards , starting off with perhaps the top goalie available in Joel Vienneau from Ontario .
Vienneau is a big goalie with excellent lateral movement , that has reportedly committed to play college hockey at Minnesota , choosing the Gophers over Michigan .
He 's a borderline NHL Draft pick , ranked 14th among North American goalies by Central Scouting , but is the second highest rated USHL goalie( or future goalie ) behind only Fargo 's Zane Gothberg .
They also added three pretty high - end defensemen , including Jaycob Megna , who hit a growth spurt this past year and now stands at 6 ' 4 " and could be a late - blooming star .
Sebastien Gingras is an offensive defenseman committed to Maine , and Mark Yanis is a ' 94 birthdate that could have been selected in the Futures Draft , but Muskegon did n't want to take any risks on losing him .
He 's a big , physical , defensive defenseman that could play right away in the USHL , and has drawn interest from some pretty big CCHA and WCHA schools .
The forwards are both small , but talented .
Berry is an electric scorer that likely would have been one of the top picks in the USHL Draft .
Conderman is a smaller , hard - working forward that played well out east last year , and has committed to play for UMass - Lowell .
Expansion Draft : D Kevin Albers , F Nick Czinder , F John Parker , F DJ Vandercook , F Brendan Woods
There was a bit of local flavor to the Lumberjacks Expansion Draft selections , as three of the five players come from the state of Michigan .
They added another piece to their defense with Kevin Albers , who is a quiet , but well - respected defenseman in the league .
But mostly , they added some major pieces to the puzzle at forward .
Brendan Woods is a player Patrick helped recruit to Wisconsin , and though he struggled this year with some injuries , he has some tremendous talent .
Nick Czinder is a big forward whose size has drawn the attention of NHL scouts .
Parker and Vandercook are both players really capable of putting the puck in the net .
Affiliate List : D Garrett Cockerill , F Joseph Cox , F Josh Henke , F Grant Besse , F Michael McNicholas , F Chris Leibinger
Muskegon did n't stray outside of the MWEHL AAA league for their first three picks .
Cockerill was the second overall pick , in part because he plays with a tremendous edge , and seems physically ready for the grind of the USHL .
Cox is a very honest player , that does n't blow you away with raw ability , but plays a solid , complete game .
Josh Henke is almost the opposite of Cox , having tremendous skills , but needing to improve playing away from the puck and doing the little things .
McNicholas was one of the few Los Angeles players taken in the Futures Draft .
He 's a crafty , creative playmaking center .
Overall
Not a bad start for the Lumberjacks .
Even before we hit the Entry Draft and tryout camps where they should add more quality players , they already appear to have a solid foundation to a team .
A defensive core of Albers , Gingras , Megna , Yanis , and Cockerill backed up by Vienneau in net looks really good on paper .
A defense like that should make them instantly competitive .
It also looks like they 'll place a lot of importance on faster , more highly skilled forwards .
Woods and Berry both could be breakout offensive players for them .
We 're sorry , but some features of our site require JavaScript .
Please enable JavaScript on your browser and refresh the page .
Learn More
Last week the Greek bailout ballooned into a gargantuan 750 billion euro ( nearly $ 1 trillion ) debt stabilization fund , including a $ 39 billion line of credit from the International Monetary Fund .
This coincided with the European Central Bank ( ECB ) announcement that it would immediately begin purchasing junk - rated Greek debt .
It wo n't work .
The problem is n't liquidity , psychology or speculators .
Germany and France simply cannot borrow or tax enough to cover Europe 's debts and looming deficits .
So , barring a fiscal and growth miracle , we will either see sovereign defaults ( larger and more chaotic for having been postponed ) or the ECB will have to print euros to buy worthless debt , leading to widespread inflation .
Since inflation lowers the value of promises to state workers and pensioners , and also is easy to blame on others , it will be an especially tempting escape .
Notice who is missing : Greek bondholders are not being asked to miss a single interest payment , reschedule a cent of debt , suffer any write - down , take a forced rollover or conversion of short to long - term debt , or any of the other messy ways insolvent sovereigns deal with empty coffers .
Those who bought credit default swaps lose once again .
But why ?
The reasoning behind the Greek bailout is founded on several myths that need exploding :
• Saving the euro .
We 're told a Greek default would imperil the euro .
The opposite is true .
Allowing Greece to default , or to renegotiate with bondholders , would be the best way to save the euro .
A currency union is strongest without fiscal union .
Then countries are no different from companies .
If they borrow and cannot pay back , investors lose money .
The currency is unaffected .
The economic crisis enveloping the debt - stricken country not only claimed its first lives : it shifted from bewilderment into violence
At 2.03 pm today , on the third floor of a neoclassical building in the heart of Athens , three people died – and Greece changed .
As the bank employees tried to beat back the flames , ignited by a firebomb tossed into the building by protesters , the economic crisis enveloping the debt - stricken country not only claimed its first lives : it shifted from bewilderment and disappointment into violence carried on an unpredictable current of rage .
The young bank employees , a man and two women , one of them four months pregnant , died in the fire which came within an hour of irate protesters laying siege to the Greek parliament .
" All of us are angry , very , very angry , " bellowed Stella Stamou , a civil servant standing on a street corner , screaming herself hoarse , a block away from where the bank had been set alight .
" You write that – angry , angry , angry , angry , " she said , after participating in one of the biggest ever rallies to rock the capital since the return of democracy in 1974 .
" Angry with our own politicians , angry with the IMF , angry with the EU , angry that we have lost income , angry that we have never been told the truth . "
Across
Athens today the signs of that anger were everywhere : in the central boulevards and squares that resembled a war zone , the burning cars , the burning hotels , the burning government buildings and rubbish bins and shattered windows and pavements .
Surveying the debris , Karwan Ahmet a 28 year - old Iraqi Kurd caught up in the chaos , described the scene as " being straight out of Iraq .
It reminds me of all the shit we saw in Kirkuk . "
What had started as a general strike called by unions to protest against deeply unpopular austerity measures turned into a tidal wave of fury as an estimated 100,000 private and public sector workers took to the streets screaming " let the plutocracy pay " .
By midday that rage had assumed a new and determined dynamism as demonstrators – including once - stalwart supporters of the governing socialist Pasok party – began to shout " thieves , thieves " .
Their venom soon turned towards the large sandstone building that is the Greek parliament .
After scuffling with police , chasing the ceremonial guards away from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and taking axes to the monument , hundreds tried to storm the building , screaming " let the bordello burn " .
As MPs inside debated the draconian economic reforms that eurozone nations and the IMF have demanded in return for the biggest bailout in history , riot police outside fired off rounds of acrid teargas to keep the crowd at bay .
" All of them are dirty and have eaten from the trough , " said one man brandishing a large wooden club .
" Our politicians are squarely to blame and the worst of the culprits know it because they have fled the country . "
With Greece facing a 19 May deadline to refinance its staggering € 300bn euro debt , the EU and IMF agreed last week to inject up to € 120bn euro into its cash - starved coffers on condition that Athens makes unprecedented budget cuts .
The tough regime , which also includes a freeze on public sector wages and pensions in addition to tax hikes , has not been seen since the country emerged from the privations of civil war in 1949 .
" Why should we , the little man , pay for this crisis ? " said Giorgos Didimopoulos , a 55 - year - old jeweller who belongs to a communist - backed union which on Tuesday stormed the ancient Acropolis to make precisely that point .
" What people forget is that we Greeks do n't like authority .
We have always resisted when we think something is unfair .
We fought against the Persians at Marathon , the Germans during the second world war and we will fight the IMF because in reality we no longer have a government .
It is foreign forces who are in charge of us now . "
Polls show that he is not alone .
The perception is growing that it is low - income Greeks , already hit by three previous packages of austerity measures , who are being made to suffer disproportionately from the three - year fiscal and structural programme .
In repeated surveys the vast majority have said they will take to the streets to oppose the " barbaric " measures .
For many , today 's violence is a taste of what is to come .
With unions backing the general strike – a walkout that crippled the country and isolated Greece from the rest of the world – the protests were seen as a key test of prime minister George Papandreou 's determination to carry out the reforms .
Germany , which will be picking up the lion 's share of the emergency aid , has been quick to warn that if Athens strays the money will dry up .
But he clearly has a battle on his hands .
" No longer can they say that these are isolated incidents of violence carried out by stone - throwing anarchists , " said Makis Papadopoulos , who owns a popular tourist store in the capital 's historic Plaka district where shopkeepers were fearfully boarding up premises .
" People are being pushed to the hunger line .
With the intervention of the IMF things have changed .
We now have an explosion situation and no one knows what the limits of Greeks are , how far people will go to vent their spleen . "
Resolution , say some , will only come with a root - and - branch clean up of Greece 's corrupt political system .
Papadopoulos said : " This crisis has taught us that we can't go on acting the way we did , living off loans , treating the state as an endless treasury to be raided , never thinking about our future . "
The Hacker 's Code
" A hacker of the Old Code . "
Hackers come and go , but a great hack is forever .
Public goods belong to the public .*
Software hoarding is evil .
Software does the greatest good given to the greatest number .
Software does the greatest good given to the greatest number .
Do n't be evil .
Sourceless software sucks .
People have rights .
Organizations live on sufferance .
Organizations live on sufferance .
Governments are organizations .
If it is wrong when citizens do it ,
it is wrong when governments do it .
it is wrong when governments do it .
Information wants to be free .
Information deserves to be free .
Information to be free .
Being legal does n't make it right .
Being illegal does n't make it wrong .
Subverting tyranny is the highest duty .
Trust your technolust !
The biggest surprise on next season ’s CBS schedule is a sitcom tentatively called “ Bleep My Dad Says , ” not just because its title disguises an expletive , but because it was inspired by a page on Twitter .
Yes , the anyone - can - make - media spirit of the Web has made it to prime - time network television , and probably not in the form Internet tycoons would have predicted .
The CBS show inspired by a popular Twitter page  whose actual name is decidedly more profane than the “ Bleep ” title  is an old - fashioned , multicamera , studio audience comedy , in the mold of CBS ’s hugely popular “ Two and a Half Men ” and “ The Big Bang Theory . ”
The only difference , perhaps , is that the actor playing the title dad , William Shatner , will be reading lines supposedly uttered by Sam Halpern , 74 , a retired doctor , and posted online by his son Justin , 29 , who started the Twitter page in August at the insistence of a friend .
More than 1.3 million people subscribe to the page , which inspired a book and now this show .
The book is to have its debut at No. 8 on the New York Times best - seller list this weekend , and the show is to be formally announced by CBS on Wednesday .
Thanks to his dad ’s rude witticisms , Justin Halpern is now a best - selling author and a co-creator of a network sitcom .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
David Cameron tonight defused a escalating row with his party when he abandoned plans to allow ministers to vote in elections to the executive of the Tory backbench 1922 committee .
Amid warnings that a rival " 2010 committee " would be established to challenge the leadership , Tory sources announced a compromise .
Ministers will be allowed to attend meetings of the 1922 but they will not be allowed to vote in elections to the committee 's executive .
Cameron has faced intense criticism in recent days after he announced at a meeting of the Conservative parliamentary party last week that a short and immediate ballot would be held to allow ministers to become full members of the 1922 .
He won the vote , but 118 MPs from the 305 - strong Tory parliamentary party rebelled .
The move by the leadership provoked a furious backlash from backbenchers who likened Cameron 's move to the behaviour of the North Korean dictatorship .
Patrick McLoughlin , the Tory chief whip , told backbenchers tonight that Cameron had relented and would maintain the bar on ministers taking part in votes to the executive of the 1922 committee .
This is likely to increase the chances of Graham Brady , the former shadow Europe minister , who is standing this week for the chairmanship of the 1922 as a critical friend of the leadership .
A Tory source said : " This is a compromise everyone is happy with .
The 1922 committee will operate as a whole but not when there are these important symbolic votes .
David Cameron is not insensitive to backbench opinion .
This is a half way house . "
Critics tonight welcomed the change .
Peter Bone , the MP for Wellingborough who had accused Cameron of bouncing the party last week , said : " This is absolutely terrific .
It shows real leadership from the prime minister who will now listen to reasonable arguments and , if necessary , change position .
" That shows real courage and self confidence by the prime minister who said : ' I 've listened to those arguments , that 's not a bad idea .
I 'll change my original thought . '
That 's really good for the country .
Contrast that with Gordon Brown who , with the clunking fist , would carry on despite whatever argument was made . "
Nominations for the chairmanship of the 1922 close at noon today .
Brady , who is something of a Tory folk hero after he resigned from the frontbench at the height of the row over grammar schools in 2007 , will face a challenge from the loyalist Richard Ottaway .
He would have been a beneficiary from the planned changes .
The proposed change by Cameron was seen as a rare slip in his usually deft handling of the Tory parliamentary party .
One senior rightwinger said last week : " Cameron should bear in mind Shakespeare : ' Remember , Caesar , thou art mortal . '
This is storing up trouble .
There is real hatred towards the leadership . "
Cameron , who remembers how the 1922 committee was a source of grief for John Major when he had a wafer thin majority in the early to mid 1990s , told MPs last week that he wanted to end the " them and us " culture .
There 's always something noteworthy happening in Linux audio development .
This week 's news includes reports about a new Linux audio blog , music made by particle acceleration , how to use a laptop as a virtual music stand , synth emulation from the terminal command prompt , and watching the Linux Audio Conference on - line .
Louigi's Blog
Composer Louigi Verona ( a.k.a. Kirill Alferov ) has been focused on making music with what he calls an Integrated Modular Environment ( IME ) - what some of us might call a monolithic application - and is an especially persuasive advocate for the excellent LMMS music software .
His
Web site includes an article in which he voices his concern over the lack of IMEs for Linux , but more recently he has experimented with a more typically modular approach to his Linux - based music - making and has written a good up - to - date profile of two software packages previously reviewed here , the Rakarrack effects processor and the Phasex synthesizer .
Check out Louigi's Linux blog and be sure to listen to some of his music .
If the developers of LMMS want to convince someone to use their software they could do no better than to promote Louigi's LMMS - based compositions .
Seriously , they are some of the best demonstrations of that program 's possibilities that I 've heard yet .
Figure 1 . The Louigi Verona workshop / blog
LHCsound
You never know what might turn up on the Csound mail list .
A few days ago composer / developer Richard Dobson posted an interesting message regarding LHCsound , a project that intends to sonify the results from the operation of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , the famous particle accelerator at CERN .
The site already includes sonifications by various researchers , and they actively encourage participation from other users interested in the sonic potential in the data generated by the accelerator .
Sonification , in case you do n't already know , is the process of converting non-audio data to some form of audio output .
The process can be applied to city skylines , mountain range profiles , stellar maps , and virtually anything else that can produce a relatively large and varied set of data .
As might be expected , the raw musical results of such processes are debatable , but the process itself is another valuable utility in the contemporary composer 's toolkit .
Figure 2 . The LHCsound home page
VirtMus
If you 're a notation - literate musician who needs to read sheet music you might be interested in Gabriel Burca 's VirtMus ( Figure 3 ) , a unique " modern music stand " .
Basically VirtMus works with scanned scores to provide the reader with a " hands - off " experience .
Reading musicians know the irritation of turning pages during a performance , and some methods have already been devised to ameliorate the situation .
Alas , most of those solutions employ custom hardware systems that replace the normal music stand with an electronic score " presenter " , i.e. a view - screen that scrolls the music during its performance .
VirtMus is similar in intent but quite different in its solution to the problem .
All you need for it is a laptop computer and a PDF file of your score .
The VirtMus Web page notes that you can use a scanner or digital camera to create a PDF file readable by the program .
Once your score is in electronic form you can use VirtMus to annotate and highlight passages that need special attention .
Page turns are made by mouse or keyboard , but for completely hands - free operation a USB foot switch is recommended .
Figure 3 . The VirtMus Annotations display
Alas , development of VirtMus appears to be stalled .
The concept is cool - an affordable alternative to dedicated digital music displays - and the source code is freely availably , so there 's hope for the project 's revival .
And if any of my readers happen to step up to the challenge , please let me know .
I 'd be happy to update the status of the VirtMus project .
The Naked Synth
On April 4 developer Nick Copeland announced version 0.50.5 of his Bristol synthesizer ( Figure 2 ) on the Linux Audio Users mail list .
Bristol emulates a variety of classic analog and digital synthesizers , with a unique GUI for each emulation .
The synth 's colorful interface is handled in a separate thread by a custom graphics toolkit called Brighton , thus opening the possibility of a GUI - less Bristol .
On April 8 composer Julien Claassen asked Nick about a command - line interface for Bristol , and that question launched a discussion that quickly became better suited to the Linux Audio Developers list .
On that list , Julien posted a message with the subject Interface development for the blind ( starting from Bristol ) , and the discussion that followed helped Nick create the first command - line interface ( CLI ) for Bristol , four days after Julien 's original enquiry .
Figure 4 . Some of the many faces of Bristol
Bravo to Nick and Julien for their work on this feature .
I was impressed by Julien 's articulation of the issues facing developers of CLIs for blind and visually impaired users , and I was equally impressed by Nick 's willingness to devote his time and energies to delivering a prototype .
Incidentally , I mentioned that the first version of Bristol with its CLI option appeared circa the 0.50.x release .
According to Nick's
News page the latest version is already in the 0.60 release series , with updated code for the CLI .
Nicely done , gentlemen , very nicely done .
LAC 2010
The Linux Audio Conference will be held in Utrecht from May 1 through May4 .
If you can't make the show you can still peruse the scheduled presentations , read the abstracts there , and then choose which presentations you 'd like to watch from the video stream from Stacking Dwarves enabled once again by the indefatigable Jörn Nettingsmeier .
I reviewed some of the papers for this year 's conference , they were all very good , and I plan to tune in to watch some of the presentations .
Last year 's Theora - encoded audio / video feed was superb , I 'm looking forward to being a virtual attendee once again .
Outro
I hope you 've enjoyed this brief report .
I 'll return soon with a series dedicated to some very cool Linux software for algorithmic music composition .
Until then , stay tuned and rock on .
( CNN ) --
Fifty years ago , women obtained a new level of control over their reproductive systems .
The introduction of the birth control pill meant they could have sex without getting pregnant , decide how far apart to have their children and they could even decide when -- or whether -- to have a monthly period .
Women typically received 21 days of active pills , which contain hormones that prevent the ovaries from releasing eggs .
That was followed by seven days of placebos , during which the body resumes as if having a regular menstrual cycle .
Today , 19 percent of women between ages 15 and 44 are using that form of contraception according to the CDC , and their attitudes about what the pill can do for them continue to shift .
Ashley Schwartau says she has always found her periods to be uncomfortable , unpredictable and even " gross . "
So when her gynecologist told her it was OK to skip the placebo week on her monthly birth control pill and go straight to the next round of hormones , the 25 - year - old Tennessean immediately said , " Yes , sign me up ! "
For the past six years Schwartau has been limiting her cycle to a handful of times each year .
" I love choosing when I have a period .
It 's genius , " she says .
Not every woman is quite as enthused .
" It 's nature on a leash , " says Elaine Wilkes , a nutritionist from California .
Wilkes believes if something is not right with her period , it 's a sign that something else is going on in her body .
So , for her , the thought of tampering with the process makes no sense .
" It 's wanting nature to fit into our schedule , " she says .
" We 're trying to outsmart the body -- big mistake . "
Women 's attitudes towards their periods are more diverse than one might think .
Although the idea of menstrual suppression has become more accepted , many women still have reservations .
A survey from the Association of Reproductive Health Professionals found that 72 percent of women said they did not like having a period .
Although 40 percent said they would prefer to never have one , nearly half of the women surveyed said they would not be interested in menstrual suppression .
Time.com :
The pill at 50 -- Sex , freedom and paradox
" There 's been a lot of backlash , " says Alison Edelman , associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Oregon Health and Science University .
Edelman says she has several patients who take regular birth control pills and skip the placebo to regulate their cycles .
She says although many are accepting of the idea of not having a period , in general there remains a large population of women who " get all freaked out . "
Do women need to have a menstrual cycle anyway ?
" The menstrual cycle is for reproduction , " says Dr. Leslie Miller , a private practice obstetrician and gynecologist who has done extensive research on the topic .
She says society has changed over the years and that using continuous birth control is a modern solution for women who are having fewer children and giving birth later in life .
The menstrual cycle " does n't care that you 're using condoms or that you went to college , " she says .
" And nature did not build you for 13 periods a year , year after year . "
Not everyone agrees with the idea .
Some , like Dr. Susan Rako , author of the book " No More Periods ?
The Blessings of the Curse , " warns women to proceed with caution .
" The message for doing away with a period is dangerous , " she says .
Rako believes there are still many questions how skipping periods affects a woman 's testosterone and iron levels , and that women should do their research beforehand .
" The natural menstrual cycle makes some things possible that doing away with it puts at risk . "
One thing that remains certain is that women who are not taking birth control need to have a monthly cycle because the process removes the thick lining of blood and tissue that builds up inside the uterus as the body prepares for pregnancy .
Time.com : Birth control timeline
For women using oral contraceptives , experts say the progestin component thins out the uterine lining and reduces this buildup .
" Whether it 's two years or 10 years , there 's no reason to have a period when you 're on the pill , " according to Dr. Andrew Kaunitz , associate chair of the department of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Florida in Jacksonville .
If you do chose suppress your menstrual cycle , talk to your physician about the options .
In the meantime , here are four things to keep in mind about continuous - use contraceptives .
1 . Not everyone is a good candidate
" Not all women are appropriate candidates for birth control pills .
Women 35 or over who smoke , suffer migraines , have diabetes or have high blood pressure , should consider estrogen - free contraceptives like injections , IUDs or the implant , " says Kaunitz .
In addition , Miller says it is not known whether adolescents whose bones are still growing would benefit from the low doses of estrogen in continuous - use pills .
She says she does not encourage continuous use of birth control for young women for that reason .
The World Health Organization also offers these guidelines for contraception use .
2 . Not every birth control pill can be taken continuously
It is not uncommon for physicians to encourage women who want to skip their periods to just change the way they take their regular pill , but Miller warns " you can not take just any pill package and do it continuously . "
Experts say using your regular birth control continuously works best if you are using a monophasic birth control , which means the pill you are taking has the same hormone dose for the three weeks of active pills .
" Different colors have different doses , " Miller says , " and that the change in dosage can trigger bleeding and increase your chances of unintended pregnancy . "
Miller includes a list of frequently asked questions on her website .
The Mayo clinic also has information on birth control pill risks and choices ..
3 . Unpredictable bleeding is common
" The biggest downside of continuous use is that you replace your regular bleeding with irregular spotting , " says Edelman , adding " but that should improve over time . "
According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , one study found that 18 percent of women cited unscheduled bleeding or spotting as the reason they stopped using Lybrel , the first continuous - use drug for pregnancy prevention approved by the FDA .
A similar problem has been reported in women using Seasonale , the birth control pill that allows you to have four periods a year .
4 . Your iron levels may be impacted
" Women 's bodies have only one natural way of getting rid of excess stored iron . " says Rako .
She says an excess of stored iron can lead to the hardening of the arteries and put women at higher risk of cardiovascular disease .
" We do n't totally know yet why women have fewer heart attacks and strokes , " says Miller .
She says there is the possibility that menstrual suppression could potentially lead to high iron levels , and she encourages women who suppress their bleeding with the continuous pill to have their ferritin levels , which measures the amount of iron stored in the body , checked every couple of years .
INSIDE HIGHER ED INSIDE HIGHER ED
For more breaking news , features and commentary from the world of higher education , visit : insidehighered.com .
At Hinds Community College , swearing can get you in trouble .
" Public profanity , cursing and vulgarity " are all punishable with a $ 25 fine for a first offense , and a $ 50 fine for a second offense .
Further , the offense of " flagrant disrespect " ( which may be demonstrated by swearing , as became clear Tuesday when a controversy over the code went public ) can earn a student demerits that could lead to suspension .
Hinds appears to be relatively rare among public colleges in regulating speech in this way .
And the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has taken up the case of a student who faced charges following an incident in which — after class , but in the presence of an instructor — he said that a grade he had just received was " going to f--- up my entire GPA . "
The instructor first threatened to place the student in detention and when the student pointed out ( correctly ) that the college does n't have detention , the " flagrant disrespect " charges were made .
A spokeswoman for the Mississippi college declined to comment on the case or even to confirm the college 's policies as described by the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education .
( The college 's student handbook , however , is consistent with the foundation 's description of the rules . )
Adam Kissel , director of the foundation 's Individual Rights Defense Program , issued a statement calling the rules at Hinds unconstitutional .
" Hinds Community College simply is not empowered to set itself up as the vulgarity police , " he said .
Several experts on student conduct toward faculty members said that they were surprised that a policy like Hinds ' existed at any public college or university — and that they agreed with the foundation 's analysis that it violates First Amendment rights .
Several , however , said that professors do face real difficulty with profanity and numerous other forms of rudeness from students .
And several of these educators said that colleges need to think more about how to promote respectful interactions between students and faculty members — without becoming the " vulgarity police . "
Gary Pavela , director of academic integrity at Syracuse University and author of numerous articles about student conduct , said that profanity outside a classroom would have First Amendment protection at a public college .
The key legal ruling , he said , is the U.S. Supreme Court 's 1971 decision in Cohen v. California that barred California from making it a crime for someone to wear a jacket with an expletive on it .
" I 've worked with a few public institutions that want to regulate profanity in public places , " he said , but it is difficult to do so .
" My advice is to try informal approaches , particularly helping offended students challenge their peers .
And sometimes a private , candid conversation with an offending student helps . "
Pavela and others noted that the situation would be different if the student started shouting obscenities in the middle of a class or in other ways that disrupted a campus .
" If you stand in a financial aid office and scream and scream and scream , that 's not a First Amendment issue , that disrupts the office , " said W. Scott Lewis , associate general counsel of Saint Mary 's College , in Indiana , and president of the Association for Student Conduct Administration .
Lewis gives seminars for many colleges through the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management , and he said that a consistently popular topic is how to train faculty members to manage their classrooms in ways that enable them to be respected by students .
" We do n't train faculty members on that , " he said .
" They are trained to be great physicists and political scientists , not on how to manage a classroom . "
Several societal trends appear to be related to an increase in student rudeness , Lewis said .
Many students these days " have a sense of entitlement , backed at times by their parents , " many more have mental health issues , and many feel significant stress over the economy .
Adding to these factors , he said , many professors say that they do n't feel they are even " allowed " to challenge rude behavior .
ON THE WEB :
If student texts in class , professor will leave INSIDE HIGHER ED ARCHIVE : Business ( school ) casual While Lewis does n't want them to challenge the behavior through the student disciplinary system , he said that faculty members can promote civility .
He said that they should talk about expectations on the first day of class and in the syllabus , making expectations clear .
" You need to talk about rights and responsibilities , " he said .
Some professors go too far , Lewis said , in removing the distance between themselves and their students , and this is part of the problem .
" You need to establish your role as a professor , and that means not having students use your first name , but calling you Professor or Dr. " he said .
Similarly , attire sends a message , he said .
" If you show up for class in cargo shorts and a ratty polo shirt , you may feel that you are being one of the students .
Well , you may accomplish that and become a peer " who does n't get the same respect as a professor , he said .
( Lewis , who still teaches , said that in front of a class , " I would be , at worst , in business casual . " )
Others argue for more informal responses .
The group blog Rate Your Students is no stranger to the topic of rude students .
This post from February , for example , on such activities as in - class nose - picking , tobacco spitting and deodorant application , might make some think that an F - word or two would n't be so hard to take .
One of the anonymous ( and non-tenured ) professors who moderate the blog shared some of the responses coming in to a question about the swearing incident and punishment at Hinds Community College .
" What would I do ?
I would just say ' You should have thought of that before turning in mediocre work . '
And that would have been the end of it , " said one of the blog 's readers .
Another said : " Foul language is not in itself worth a reply in my mind .
We 're not our students ' mommies or daddies and disciplining them for what amounts to a poor word choice is simply not something I care to do . "
The blog moderator said via e-mail that " the truth is that the modern student has a vulgarity lexicon that is rich and delicious , and occasionally the odd word will squirt out — even during class .
The proffie in question could have handled this a thousand different ways before dipping into whatever archaic document they have there in Mississippi that allows the passing out of ' demerits . ' "
Added the blogger : " It 's not inconceivable that the student merely over - reacted to a bad grade ( what ?
when does that happen ? ) , and a more pleasant response might have accomplished more than the resulting punishment ever will . "
READERS : What 's the rudest thing you 've witnessed a student do in the presence of a professor or a classroom setting ?
Share your stories , but keep 'em clean !
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This is a gallery of female Disney characters imagined as sexy comic book characters by artist J. Scott Campbell .
Let 's see -- yep that 's pretty much all I 've got .
Besides , oh I do n't know , boner boner boner !
Oh yeah , GW , you 've still got it .
Hit the jump for a bunch more of the you know you 'd hit it EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE JUST DRAWINGS PLUS ONE'S ACTUALLY A VILLAIN , GOD .
Yes those are penis carriage windows .
J. Scott Campbell 's Website
and
Comic book Disney Princess [ theswedishbed ]
Thanks to schwagner , who 's never found a drawing sexy .
Oh yeah ?
Then you have n't seen my stick figures .
Lights !
BioCube 14 lighting upgrade
Well , I spent some quality time with my BioCube 14 hood , and installed the Nanotuners 3.24 lighting upgrade .
I do n’t consider my self very handy , but sometimes I surprise myself .
I was able to confidently cut wires and remove things without too much hassle .
In the end , it all works , and I was uninjured , except for a small cut on my thumb … a battle - scar , if you will .
Alright , here is photographic evidence .
First , I assembled my weapons :
Here is the opponent , a stock BioCube 14 hood .
It only has a wee 48 watts of light .
With a bit of a struggle , I gutted it .
Here are its exposed entrails .
At long last , I was able to tame the beast .
Here it sits , calmly with 72 watts of light
And just to prove that it works …
Receba de graça notícias da Copa no seu celular
Conteúdo grátis
Jogos , resultados , preparação das equipes e muito mais .
Fique por dentro das notícias mais importantes do dia direto da África do Sul
Você receberá em média 30 mensagens por mês , sendo uma por dia .
Para Assinar Envie uma mensagem com o texto VW para 30131 .
Para Cancelar Envie uma mensagem com o texto SAIR para 30131 .
Importante : Todo o processo de assinatura e o recebimento de mensagens será gratuito
“ We have some good players , but none of them are going to be drafted , ” he said .
“ My job is to prepare them to go and get real jobs and to be successful after they leave Oneonta . ”
One afternoon in the spring of 2009 , Mahar pulled the team out of practice after some players described one of his drills as “ gay . ”
Mahar said he had been hearing such language on the bus and during practice .
“ Regardless of how you feel about whether being gay is right or wrong , ” Mahar said he told the team , “ the language is not appropriate . ”
For McIntosh , it was a welcome signal .
“ I had never heard a coach say that before , ” McIntosh said .
That summer , McIntosh decided to confront his sexual identity .
It had been a good year — he had adjusted well , and Mahar had recently named him one of four team captains for his senior year .
“ I started thinking : ‘ What is the matter with me ? ’ ” McIntosh said .
“ ‘ Why ca n’t I beat this ? ’
That ’s how I thought , too : ‘ I ’m going to beat this . ’
And I finally just gave in and just said , ‘ This is who I am , ’ and I decided I do n’t want to live this way . ”
McIntosh told those closest to him first : two friends , his sister , his brother , his parents .
His sister , who is also gay , directed him to Outsports.com , which McIntosh described as a revelation .
Through the site , he became reacquainted with the story of Andrew Goldstein , a Dartmouth lacrosse player who in 2003 revealed to his team that he was gay .
McIntosh tracked down Goldstein and sought advice .
“ I did n’t feel alone anymore , ” McIntosh said .
McIntosh ’s family had known that something was amiss , but “ I did n’t know what he was struggling with , ” said his mother , Cathy McIntosh .
She realized he was gay about a year before he broke the news , she said .
“ I figured he ’d tell me when he was ready . ”
Exclusive : I 've just learned that Paramount wo n't be picking up Megan Fox 's option on Transformers 3 -- and that it was " ultimately " director Michael Bay 's decision .
( So he gets his revenge for her remark comparing him to " Hitler " . )
Right now Bay and writer Ehren Kruger et al are finishing up the script for the threequel and " giving Shia a new love interest makes more sense for the story , " an insider tells me .
Bay will start casting immediately for the new female co-star .
Let 's hear your suggestions , readers ...
So did Megan deserve to get fired ?
I say yes .
No actor / actress can expect [... ]
A notorious criminal gang leader in the Republic of Ireland told onlookers that his Glock pistol was n't loaded seconds before he put the gun to his head , pulled the trigger and killed himself .
Philip Collopy ( 29 ) fatally shot himself in front of a number of teenagers , including a youth who was on temporary release from a juvenile detention centre , an inquest was told yesterday .
The hearing at Limerick Coroner 's Court was also told that moments before Collopy pointed the gun at his head , the well - known criminal said : " There is nothing in it , watch . "
Seconds later a bullet passed through his head and lodged itself in the ceiling of the home of Mary Kelly - O'Donoghue at St Munchin 's Street , St Mary 's Park , Limerick , on March 21 , 2009 .
Officers arrived to the scene at around 2.15 am .
Gda Vincent Donnellan told Dr Anthony
Casey that the main pool of blood was in the middle of the sitting - room floor along with an empty shell .
The bullet left an entry wound to the right side of Collopy 's head and an exit wound to the left side before passing through the ceiling and lodging in the floorboards of an upstairs bedroom .
A fragment of bone was also found in the ceiling .
One teenage girl who was in the house said Collopy came out of the bathroom wearing a holster with the handgun .
She said when the gun went off , he fell to the floor and a male picked up the gun and ran out the backdoor .
A 15 - year - old youth was also in the room when Collopy shot himself .
The teen said a gun and a clip fell from Collopy 's hand .
He said he got such a fright , he ran out of the house .
Ms Kelly - O'Donoghue said some of her children were upstairs in bed when Collopy killed himself .
She said the dead man had a two - litre bottle of cider with him on the night .
Ms Kelly - O'Donoghue said a number of people were in her home including one man known as " Gangster , who had just come out of jail " .
" I remember Philip going to the toilet .
He came back and he had a gun in his hand , " she said .
" I said be careful with that .
He said : ' There is nothing in it . '
He put up to his head .
There was a lot of blood .
There was pure panic in the house . "
Sgt Arthur Ryan was on patrol in the area at the time and said someone ran out the house shouting : " Get an ambulance , he is shot in the head . "
As his fellow officers secured the home , Sgt Ryan said he could see a person bleeding heavily .
The inquest was told that a witness had told Sgt Ryan that a man with a balaclava entered the back of the house and shot Collopy in the back of the head .
The statement was retracted four hours later .
A Glock pistol and a magazine were later recovered .
When asked by Collopy 's father , Jack Collopy , why the bullet embedded itself in the ceiling , assistant state pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster replied that his head must have been tilted .
The jury returned a verdict in accordance with medical evidence .
Source Irish Independent
Belfast Telegraph
WHEN YOU teach English to college students , you quickly realize two things .
First , many seem to have received little writing instruction in high school .
I initially noticed this as an undergraduate English major at Yale , where I helped peers revise their papers .
I saw it again in graduate school at Tufts , where I taught freshman writing classes .
And it has also struck me at Babson , where , for the past two years , I have instructed first - year students .
The second thing English teachers realize is that correcting students ’ papers is tremendously time consuming .
I constantly do battle with myself to spend less than 20 minutes on a paper .
At meetings , instructors are often urged not to exceed 15 minutes , but I frequently end up spending double that .
This can be a genuinely frustrating experience : 50 papers stacked on the coffee table , 10 in the finished pile , and an entire afternoon gone .
But I ca n’t help it ; there ’s so much to correct .
Subjects do n’t agree with verbs .
“ Its ’’ and “ it ’s ’’ are used interchangeably .
“ They are ’’ is confused with “ their . ’’
And facts too often function as topic sentences .
Many of the students whose work I correct are smart , motivated , and quick to incorporate suggestions .
But they have either forgotten the rules of writing , or they never learned them in the first place .
Some of the problem , of course , is carelessness .
But much of it is not .
I have read seniors ’ cover letters — letters that aim to snag them a dream job — and they ’re frequently riddled with both grammatical and stylistic mistakes .
Inadequate writing skills have led to concern in colleges across the country .
In 2007 , the National Assessment of Educational Progress found that just 24 percent of 12th - graders scored “ proficient ’ ’ or better .
That same year , more than 80 percent of students at the City University of New York had to enroll in remedial courses in reading , writing , or math .
Vartan Gregorian , the former president of Brown University , has expressed deep concern about the erosion of solid communication skills .
“ In an age overwhelmed by information ( we are told , for example , that all available information doubles every two to three years ) , we should view this as a crisis , because the ability to read , comprehend , and write — in other words , to organize information into knowledge — can be viewed as tantamount to a survival skill . ’’
Which leads to a serious question : why do so many students come to college without a command of fundamentals ?
To some degree , it ’s a mathematical problem .
If it takes me all weekend to correct 40 papers , how can a high school English teacher begin to tackle 120 papers ( four sections , 30 students per section ) in a detail - oriented way ?
The few teachers who do spend day and night reviewing papers deserve both a medal and a hefty raise .
As they know , fixing students ’ writing is complex ; it simply cannot be boiled down to a multiple - choice test or a series of right - and - wrong answers .
Which may mean rethinking the way writing is taught in high school — and , perhaps , the way teachers are compensated .
We often belittle English teachers — if you speak and read English , how hard can it be to teach it ? — but those with strong communication skills are both rare and valuable .
Recall that when Massachusetts implemented a teachers ’ test 12 years ago , the public was shocked to discover that more than 30 percent of prospective teachers failed the literacy portion .
Though the media tend to focus on nationwide shortages of math and science teachers — which are indeed acute — finding , coaching , and retaining good English teachers is an underreported struggle .
Indeed , as anyone who has received a poorly written e-mail , assessment , memo , cover letter , or report knows , writing — both good and bad — has real power .
The National Commission on Writing ( a part of the College Board ) has calculated that “ remedying deficiencies in writing costs American corporations as much as $ 3.1 billion annually . ’’
In an increasingly digital world , writing acts as a vehicle for knowledge — giving it short shrift in the classroom is a serious mistake .
Kara Miller teaches at Babson College .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
2020 New York New York ( Short ) ( performer : " Theme From New York , New York " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Theme From New York , New York " )
2020 Jerry Seinfeld : 23 Hours to Kill ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me ( Live at the Sands ) " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me ( Live at the Sands ) " )
2020 Lano & Woodley : Fly ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " )
2020 Table for Two ( Short ) ( performer : " Strangers In The Night " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Strangers In The Night " )
2019 Christmas at the Plaza ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " - uncredited )
2019 The Crown ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Olding ( 2019 ) ... ( performer : " Just One of Those Things " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2019 Joker ( performer : " That 's Life " , " Send In The Clowns " )
( performer : " That 's Life " , " Send In The Clowns " )
2019 Linda Ronstadt : The Sound of My Voice ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Only The Lonely " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Only The Lonely " )
2018 Året der gik ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! )
2018 Green Book : Eine besondere Freundschaft ( performer : " Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas " )
( performer : " Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas " )
2018 The Set ( Short ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
( Short ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
2018 Den tid på året ( performer : " It Came Upon a Midnight Clear " )
( performer : " It Came Upon a Midnight Clear " )
2018 Ozark ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Reparations ( 2018 ) ... ( performer : " The Summer Wind " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2018 Die Wiener Stadthalle rockt !
Pop Meets Classic zum 60 .
Jubiläum ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " - uncredited )
2018 Billions ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Elmsley Count ( 2018 ) ... ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " , " One For My Baby " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2018 Talvez uma História de Amor ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
2018 Ibiza ( performer : " New York , New York - Theme " )
( performer : " New York , New York - Theme " )
2018 Escaping to Paradise ( Short ) ( performer : " Summer Wind " ( 1966 ) )
( Short ) ( performer : " Summer Wind " ( 1966 ) )
2017 Landstrykeren ( Short ) ( performer : " One For My Baby ( And One More For The Road ) " , " Come Fly With Me " , " Theme From New York , New York " )
( Short ) ( performer : " One For My Baby ( And One More For The Road ) " , " Come Fly With Me " , " Theme From New York , New York " )
2017 Blade Runner 2049 ( performer : " Summer Wind " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " )
( performer : " Summer Wind " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " )
2017 / I Sauce ( Short ) ( performer : " Nearness of You " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Nearness of You " )
2017 Professor Marston & The Wonder Women ( performer : " East of the Sun ( And West of the Moon ) " )
( performer : " East of the Sun ( And West of the Moon ) " )
2017 Animals .
( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Dog ( 2017 ) ... ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " ( Uncredited ) ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2017 Crashing ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Parents ( 2017 ) ... ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2017 A Dash of Love ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " The Way You Look Tonight " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " The Way You Look Tonight " )
2016 Another Option ( Short ) ( performer : " What 's New " ) / ( writer : " What 's New " )
( Short ) ( performer : " What 's New " ) / ( writer : " What 's New " )
2016 Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " ( Love Is ) The Tender Trap " ( from tt0048705 ) - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " ( Love Is ) The Tender Trap " ( from tt0048705 ) - uncredited )
2016 The Finest Hours ( performer : " The Hucklebuck " )
( performer : " The Hucklebuck " )
2016 Norman Lear : Just Another Version of You ( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Blue Heaven " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Blue Heaven " )
2015 Worlds apart ( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " )
( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " )
2015 / I Joy : Alles außer gewöhnlich ( performer : " The Good Life " ( La Belle Vie ) )
( performer : " The Good Life " ( La Belle Vie ) )
2015 / I Ovation ( performer : " Say It ( Over and Over Again ) " , " These Foolish Things ( Remind Me Of You ) " )
( performer : " Say It ( Over and Over Again ) " , " These Foolish Things ( Remind Me Of You ) " )
2015 Girl in a Band ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Somethin ' Stupid " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Somethin ' Stupid " - uncredited )
2015 Far Out ( performer : " Nice N Easy " )
( performer : " Nice N Easy " )
2015 Mit besten Absichten ( performer : " Come Fly With Me ( Live At The Sands ) " )
( performer : " Come Fly With Me ( Live At The Sands ) " )
2015 Batman : Arkham Knight ( Video Game ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( Video Game ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
2015 Tattoo Fixers ( TV Series ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " - uncredited )
( TV Series ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " - uncredited )
2015 Fifty Shades Of Grey ( performer : " Witchcraft " )
( performer : " Witchcraft " )
2014 / II Nothing Happened ( Short ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
2014 Jimmy Van Heusen : Swingin ' With Frank & Bing ( Documentary ) ( performer : " All The Way " , " Come Fly With Me " , " High Hopes " , " Its Always You " , " Love and Marriage " , " My Kind Of Town " , " Nancy " , " Our Town " , " Ring A Ding DIng " , " Shake Down The Stars " , " The Tender Trap " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " All The Way " , " Come Fly With Me " , " High Hopes " , " Its Always You " , " Love and Marriage " , " My Kind Of Town " , " Nancy " , " Our Town " , " Ring A Ding DIng " , " Shake Down The Stars " , " The Tender Trap " )
2014 One Day Since Yesterday : Peter Bogdanovich & the Lost American Film ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Why Can't You Behave ? " , " I Wish I Were In Love Again " , " They All Laughed " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Why Can't You Behave ? " , " I Wish I Were In Love Again " , " They All Laughed " )
2014 Denk wie ein Mann 2 ( performer : " Luck Be a Lady " )
( performer : " Luck Be a Lady " )
2014 Die Schadenfreundinnen ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
2014 RoboCop ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
2013 Gzaabneulni ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
2013 American Hustle ( performer : " The Coffee Song ( They 've Got An Awful Lot of Coffee in Brazil ) " )
( performer : " The Coffee Song ( They 've Got An Awful Lot of Coffee in Brazil ) " )
2013 Die süße Gier ( performer : " Christmas Waltz " )
( performer : " Christmas Waltz " )
2013 / II Can a Song Save Your Life ?
( performer : " Luck Be A Lady " )
( performer : " Luck Be A Lady " )
2013 Plötzlich Gigolo ( writer : " I'm A Fool to Want You " )
( writer : " I'm A Fool to Want You " )
2013 Plötzlich Vater ( " Come Fly With Me " )
( " Come Fly With Me " )
2013 Wir sind die Millers ( performer : " South Of The Border ( Down Mexico Way ) " )
( performer : " South Of The Border ( Down Mexico Way ) " )
2013 CopStories ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Kopfschüssler ( 2013 ) ... ( performer : " That 's Life " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2013 Cheers ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Young At Heart " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Young At Heart " )
2013 Vegas ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Hollywood Ending ( 2013 ) ... ( performer : " I've Got the World On a String " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2013 Stirb langsam - Ein guter
Tag zum Sterben ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
2013 Eine Hochzeit und andere Hindernisse ( performer : " It Happened in Monterey " )
( performer : " It Happened in Monterey " )
2013 Glen Campbell : The Rhinestone Cowboy ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " - uncredited )
2013 Twenty Feet from Stardom ( Documentary ) ( performer : " That 's Life " - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " That 's Life " - uncredited )
2012 Beyond the Ropes ( Video short ) ( performer : " That 's Life " )
( Video short ) ( performer : " That 's Life " )
2012 Boris Jackson : Maniac Mal Compris ( Short ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( Short ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
2012 Touch the Sky ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
2012 Silver Linings ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " )
( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " )
2012 Der Chaos - Dad ( performer : " Nothing But The Best " )
( performer : " Nothing But The Best " )
2012 Ihr werdet euch noch wundern ( performer : " It Was a Very Good Year " )
( performer : " It Was a Very Good Year " )
2012 Pasila ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Irtiotto ( 2012 ) ... ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2012 Grimm ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Game Ogre ( 2012 ) ... ( performer : " I've Got the World On a String " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2011 How to Eat Eggnog ( performer : " I 'll be Home for Christmas " )
( performer : " I 'll be Home for Christmas " )
2011 Happy New Year ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
2010 The 64th Annual Tony Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " I'm Gonna Live Til I Die " , " That 's Life " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " I'm Gonna Live Til I Die " , " That 's Life " )
2009 Chanel No. 5 : Train de Nuit ( Short ) ( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " - uncredited )
2009 The Nolans : In the Mood for Dancing ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
2009 Johnny Mercer : The Dream's on Me ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " )
2009 Regreso a la Luna ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
2009 We Believe ( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Kind of Town " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Kind of Town " )
2009 Dogtooth ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
2009 My Music : The Big Band Years ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " I'll Never Smile Again " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " I'll Never Smile Again " )
2009 Hollywood Singing and Dancing : A Musical History - The 1940s : Stars , Stripes and Singing ( Video documentary ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " Saturday Night is the Loneliest Night of the Week " , " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
( Video documentary ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " Saturday Night is the Loneliest Night of the Week " , " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
2008 Happy Flight : Happî furaito ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
2008 Tagebuch einer Nymphomanin ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " )
( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " )
2008 Lymelife ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " , " Cheek to Cheek " )
( performer : " Come Fly with Me " , " Cheek to Cheek " )
2008 The Wrecking Crew ! ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Strangers In The Night " , " That 's Life " , " Somethin ' Stupid " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Strangers In The Night " , " That 's Life " , " Somethin ' Stupid " )
2008 Hollywood Singing and Dancing : A Musical Treasure ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
2007 Elvis : A Generous Heart ( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
2007 La señal ( performer : " What Is This Thing Called Love ? " )
( performer : " What Is This Thing Called Love ? " )
2007 Piano , solo ( writer : " I'm A Fool To Want You " )
( writer : " I'm A Fool To Want You " )
2007 El resultado del amor ( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " )
( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " )
2007 Emile Norman : By His Own Design ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " My Buddy " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " My Buddy " )
2007 What Love Is ( performer : " One for My Baby ( And One for the Road ) " )
( performer : " One for My Baby ( And One for the Road ) " )
2007 Tosi tarina : Huonekalukauppias ( TV Short documentary ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " )
( TV Short documentary ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " )
2006 Black Christmas ( performer : " Jingle Bells " )
( performer : " Jingle Bells " )
2006 Rocky Balboa ( performer : " High Hopes " )
( performer : " High Hopes " )
2006 Entourage ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Dominated ( 2006 ) ... ( performer : " I've Got The World On A String " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2006 Klick ( performer : " I'm Gonna Live Till I Die " ( 1954 ) )
( performer : " I'm Gonna Live Till I Die " ( 1954 ) )
2006 The Enormous Radio ( Short ) ( performer : " I've Got The World On A String " )
( Short ) ( performer : " I've Got The World On A String " )
2006 Toots ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
2006 Lost ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
S.O.S. ( 2006 ) ... ( performer : " The Right Girl for Me " ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2005 The Unseen Spike Milligan ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Love and Marriage " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Love and Marriage " )
2005 Verliebt in eine Hexe ( performer : " Witchcraft " ( 1957 ) )
( performer : " Witchcraft " ( 1957 ) )
2004 Der Polarexpress ( performer : " Santa Claus is Comin ' to Town " )
( performer : " Santa Claus is Comin ' to Town " )
2004 Die wunderbare Welt des Gustave Klopp ( performer : " My Blue Heaven " )
( performer : " My Blue Heaven " )
2004 Elvis Presley : From the Beginning to the End ( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
2003 Mwah !
The Best of the Dinah Shore Show ( TV Special ) ( performer : " It 's a Good Day " , " Almost Like Being in Love " , " Great Day " , " That Great Come - and - Get - It Day " , " The Best Things in Life Are Free " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " It 's a Good Day " , " Almost Like Being in Love " , " Great Day " , " That Great Come - and - Get - It Day " , " The Best Things in Life Are Free " )
2003 Live and Swingin ' : The Ultimate Rat Pack Collection ( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Get Me to the Church on Time " , " Fly Me to the Moon " , " Luck Be a Lady Tonight " , " I Only Have Eyes for You " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Please Be Kind " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " My Kind of Town " , " Birth of the Blues " )
( Video documentary ) ( performer : " Get Me to the Church on Time " , " Fly Me to the Moon " , " Luck Be a Lady Tonight " , " I Only Have Eyes for You " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Please Be Kind " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " My Kind of Town " , " Birth of the Blues " )
2003 Buddy , der Weihnachtself ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( 1946 ) )
( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( 1946 ) )
2003 Hollywood 's Magical Island : Catalina ( Documentary ) ( performer : " People Will Say We 're in Love " ( 1943 ) - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " People Will Say We 're in Love " ( 1943 ) - uncredited )
2003 Tricks ( performer : " This Town " , " Summer Wind " )
( performer : " This Town " , " Summer Wind " )
2003 Bad Eggs ( performer : " Where or When " )
( performer : " Where or When " )
2003 Zwei Tage Hoffnung ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Night & Day " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Night & Day " )
2003 Down with Love - Zum Teufel mit der Liebe !
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
2003 Stealing Sinatra ( writer : " Mr. Success " )
( writer : " Mr. Success " )
2002 Livshunger ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Episode # 1.5 ( 2002 ) ... ( performer : " FLY ME TO THE MOON " ( " In Other Words " ) ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2002 Sinatra : The Classic Duets ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Moonlight in Vermont " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " All of Me " , " You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby " , " Nice Work If You Can Get It " , " I'll Never Smile Again " , " Birth of the Blues " , " High Hopes " , " Together Wherever We Go " , " September Song " , " If I Loved You " , " Ca n't We Be Friends ? " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " , " I Can't Believe That You 're in Love with Me " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Love Me Tender " , " Witchcraft " , " Me and My Shadow " , " Put Your Dreams Away " - uncredited )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Moonlight in Vermont " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " All of Me " , " You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby " , " Nice Work If You Can Get It " , " I'll Never Smile Again " , " Birth of the Blues " , " High Hopes " , " Together Wherever We Go " , " September Song " , " If I Loved You " , " Ca n't We Be Friends ? " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " , " I Can't Believe That You 're in Love with Me " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Love Me Tender " , " Witchcraft " , " Me and My Shadow " , " Put Your Dreams Away " - uncredited )
2002 Catch Me If You Can ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
2002 Edifício Master ( Documentary ) ( " My Way " )
( Documentary ) ( " My Way " )
2002 Die Frauenversteher - Männer unter sich ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Come fly with me " , " That 's life " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Come fly with me " , " That 's life " )
2002 Interstate 60 ( performer : " I Get A Kick Out Of You " , " On The Sunny Side Of The Street " )
( performer : " I Get A Kick Out Of You " , " On The Sunny Side Of The Street " )
2002 Rederiet ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Nära slutet ( 2002 ) ... ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2002 Sister Helen ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
2001 La novia del príncipe ( Video ) ( performer : Theme from New York , New York )
( Video ) ( performer : Theme from New York , New York )
2001 One Night with Robbie Williams ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " It Was a Very Good Year " )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " It Was a Very Good Year " )
2001 The Golden Rose ( Short ) ( " Young at Heart " )
( Short ) ( " Young at Heart " )
2001 Marilyn Monroe : The Final Days ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Something 's Gotta Give " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Something 's Gotta Give " )
2001 How Harry Met Sally ... ( Video short documentary ) ( performer : " It Had to Be You " - uncredited )
( Video short documentary ) ( performer : " It Had to Be You " - uncredited )
2000 Was Frauen wollen ( performer : " I Wo n't Dance " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Too Marvelous For Words " )
( performer : " I Wo n't Dance " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Too Marvelous For Words " )
2000 Obra maestra ( performer : " Imagination " )
( performer : " Imagination " )
2000 Roswell ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
Summer of ' 47 ( 2000 ) ... ( performer : " Fly Me To The Moon " , " There Will Never Be Another You " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( performer - 1 episode )
2000 Born Romantic ( performer : " I Wish I Were In Love Again " - uncredited )
( performer : " I Wish I Were In Love Again " - uncredited )
2000 Space Cowboys ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon ( In Other Words ) " )
2000 Zurück zu Dir ( performer : " At Long Last Love " )
( performer : " At Long Last Love " )
1999 Liberty Heights ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1999 Bringing Out the Dead - Nächte der Erinnerung ( performer : " September of My Years " )
( performer : " September of My Years " )
1999 Mickey Blue Eyes ( performer : " Just in Time " )
( performer : " Just in Time " )
1999 Summer of Sam ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " ( 1977 ) )
( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " ( 1977 ) )
1999 Ratcatcher ( performer : " Something Stupid " )
( performer : " Something Stupid " )
1999 Corruptor - Im Zeichen der Korruption ( performer : " The Best Is Yet to Come " )
( performer : " The Best Is Yet to Come " )
1999 Die Wilden 60er ( TV Mini- Series ) ( performer : " High Hopes " )
( TV Mini -Series ) ( performer : " High Hopes " )
1998 Godzilla Versus Disco Lando ( Short ) ( performer : " The Girl From Ipanema " )
( Short ) ( performer : " The Girl From Ipanema " )
1998 Hollyweird ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Beyond the Sea " ( La Mer ) - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " Beyond the Sea " ( La Mer ) - uncredited )
1998 Pony Glass ( Short ) ( performer : " Good - Bye " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " Good - Bye " - uncredited )
1998 Little Voice ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
1998 Saturday Night Live : The Best of Phil Hartman ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Nice ' n ' Easy " - uncredited )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Nice ' n ' Easy " - uncredited )
1998 The Man ( performer : " Summer Winds " ) / ( writer : " Strangers In The Night " , " You 're Driving Me Crazy " )
( performer : " Summer Winds " ) / ( writer : " Strangers In The Night " , " You 're Driving Me Crazy " )
1998 Angst und Schrecken in Las Vegas ( performer : " You 're Getting To Be A Habit With Me " )
( performer : " You 're Getting To Be A Habit With Me " )
1998 Stadt der Engel ( performer : " That Old Black Magic " )
( performer : " That Old Black Magic " )
1997 Déjà Vu ( performer : " These Foolish Things ( Remind Me Of You ) " )
( performer : " These Foolish Things ( Remind Me Of You ) " )
1997 Im Auftrag des Teufels ( performer : " It Happened in Monterey " ( 1930 ) )
( performer : " It Happened in Monterey " ( 1930 ) )
1997 Der Schlächterbursche ( performer : " Where Are You ? " )
( performer : " Where Are You ? " )
1997 Valkanizater ( performer : " Something Stupid " )
( performer : " Something Stupid " )
1997 MGM Sing - Alongs : Friends ( Video short ) ( performer : " Take Me Out to the Ballgame " )
( Video short ) ( performer : " Take Me Out to the Ballgame " )
1997 Die schrillen Vier in Las Vegas ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
( performer : " Come Fly With Me " )
1997 Out of the Present ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Guess I 'll Hang My Tears Out to Dry " , " In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Guess I 'll Hang My Tears Out to Dry " , " In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning " )
1996 Michael ( performer : " I Thought About You " ( 1939 ) )
( performer : " I Thought About You " ( 1939 ) )
1996 Versprochen ist versprochen ( performer : " I'll Be Home for Christmas " )
( performer : " I'll Be Home for Christmas " )
1996 Bullet Point ( performer : " I've Got the World on a String " )
( performer : " I've Got the World on a String " )
1996 Red Hollywood ( Video documentary ) ( performer : " The House I Live In " )
( Video documentary ) ( performer : " The House I Live In " )
1996 The Rock : Fels der Entscheidung ( performer : " Leaving On A Jet Plane " )
( performer : " Leaving On A Jet Plane " )
1996 Einsame Entscheidung ( performer : " It 's Nice to Go Trav'ling " )
( performer : " It 's Nice to Go Trav'ling " )
1995 Sinatra : 80 Years My Way ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " - uncredited )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " - uncredited )
1995 Let it be me ( performer : " Blame It On My Youth " )
( performer : " Blame It On My Youth " )
1995 Gefangen in der Traumfabrik ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Advise and Consent ( Main Theme ) " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Advise and Consent ( Main Theme ) " )
1995 Casper ( performer : " That 's Life " )
( performer : " That 's Life " )
1994 Brat Pack ( performer : " Moon River " )
( performer : " Moon River " )
1994 Junior ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
1994 La grande magia di David Copperfield ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1994 2 Millionen Dollar Trinkgeld ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1994 David Copperfield : 15 Years of Magic ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1994 That 's Entertainment !
III ( Documentary ) ( performer : " On the Town " ( 1944 ) - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " On the Town " ( 1944 ) - uncredited )
1994 Midnight Run - Abgerechnet wird um Mitternacht ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " FLY ME TO THE MOON " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " FLY ME TO THE MOON " )
1993 Mrs. Doubtfire - Das stachelige Kindermädchen ( performer : " Luck Be A Lady " )
( performer : " Luck Be A Lady " )
1993 In den Straßen der Bronx ( performer : " Same Old Song and Dance " , " That 's Life " )
( performer : " Same Old Song and Dance " , " That 's Life " )
1993 Die Geschichte einer Jugend ( performer : " Let 's Get Away from It All " )
( performer : " Let 's Get Away from It All " )
1992 Sinatra : la supervivència de la veu ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " , " All or Nothing at All " , " Strangers in the Night " , " For Once in My Life " , " Come Rain or Come Shine " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " My Heart Stood Still " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Luck Be a Lady " , " What now my Love ? " ( Et Maintenant ) , " The Gal That Got Away " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " Mack the Knife " ( 1954 ) , " One for My Baby ( And One More for the Road ) " , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " Summer Wind " , " Theme from New York , New York " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " , " All or Nothing at All " , " Strangers in the Night " , " For Once in My Life " , " Come Rain or Come Shine " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " My Heart Stood Still " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Luck Be a Lady " , " What now my Love ? " ( Et Maintenant ) , " The Gal That Got Away " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " Mack the Knife " ( 1954 ) , " One for My Baby ( And One More for the Road ) " , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " Summer Wind " , " Theme from New York , New York " )
1992 Die Herbstzeitlosen ( performer : " The Sky Fell Down " )
( performer : " The Sky Fell Down " )
1992 Bloody Marie - Eine Frau mit Biß ( performer : " That Old Black Magic " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( performer : " That Old Black Magic " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
1991 Ein seltsames Paar ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " - uncredited )
1991 Jungle Fever ( performer : " Once Upon a Time " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " Hello , Young Lovers " )
( performer : " Once Upon a Time " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " Hello , Young Lovers " )
1991 Ein charmantes Ekel ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
1990 Sinatra 75 : The Best Is Yet to Come ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " The Best Is Yet to Come " ( uncredited ) , " Summer Wind " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Theme from New York , New York " ( uncredited ) , " Where or When " ( uncredited ) , " When You 're Smiling " ( uncredited ) , " Young at Heart " ( uncredited ) , " Zing !
Went the Strings of My Heart " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " The Best Is Yet to Come " ( uncredited ) , " Summer Wind " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Theme from New York , New York " ( uncredited ) , " Where or When " ( uncredited ) , " When You 're Smiling " ( uncredited ) , " Young at Heart " ( uncredited ) , " Zing !
Went the Strings of My Heart " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) )
1990 / I Havanna ( performer : " I Think of You " , " London by Night " , " Let 's Get Away From It All " )
( performer : " I Think of You " , " London by Night " , " Let 's Get Away From It All " )
1990 Air America ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
1990 Arachnophobia ( performer : " Summer Wind " )
( performer : " Summer Wind " )
1989 The Epic of Detective Mandy : Book One - Satan Claus ( TV Short ) ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " )
( TV Short ) ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " )
1989 Harry und Sally ( performer : " It Had To Be You " )
( performer : " It Had To Be You " )
1989 Frank , Liza & Sammy : The Ultimate Event ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Where or When " ( uncredited ) , " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Mack the Knife " ( uncredited ) , " One for My Baby " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " Style " ( uncredited ) , " Witchcraft " ( uncredited ) , " Say Liza ( Liza with a Z ) " ( uncredited ) , " Talk to the Animals " ( uncredited ) , " All or Nothing at All " ( uncredited ) , " Money " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Maybe This Time " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) , " Birth of the Blues " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " But the World Goes Round " , " Theme from New York , New York " )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " Where or When " ( uncredited ) , " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Mack the Knife " ( uncredited ) , " One for My Baby " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " Style " ( uncredited ) , " Witchcraft " ( uncredited ) , " Say Liza ( Liza with a Z ) " ( uncredited ) , " Talk to the Animals " ( uncredited ) , " All or Nothing at All " ( uncredited ) , " Money " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Maybe This Time " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) , " Birth of the Blues " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " But the World Goes Round " , " Theme from New York , New York " )
1989 Dream a Little Dream ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1989 Scandal ( " Witchcraft " )
( " Witchcraft " )
1989 For All Mankind ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
1988 Cocoon II - Die Rückkehr ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " )
( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " )
1988 Pizza , Pizza ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " )
1988 Daddy's Cadillac ( performer : " That 's Life " , " Strangers in the Night " )
( performer : " That 's Life " , " Strangers in the Night " )
1988 Falsches Spiel mit Roger Rabbit ( performer : " Witchcraft " )
( performer : " Witchcraft " )
1987 Wall Street ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
1987 Ishtar ( performer : " One For My Baby ( And One More For The Road ) " )
( performer : " One For My Baby ( And One More For The Road ) " )
1987 Tin Men - Zwei haarsträubende Rivalen ( performer : " In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning " )
( performer : " In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning " )
1987 Radio Days ( performer : " If You Are But a Dream " ( 1941 ) )
( performer : " If You Are But a Dream " ( 1941 ) )
1986 Plaza Suite ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " I Could Have Danced All Night " - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " New York , New York " , " I Could Have Danced All Night " - uncredited )
1986 The Magic of David Copperfield : China ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Come Fly with Me " )
1985 Der süße Traum vom Glück ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1985 Lanny dreht auf ( performer : " A Man Alone " )
( performer : " A Man Alone " )
1985 Kopfüber in Amerika ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
1984 Prince Jack ( performer : " High Hopes " )
( performer : " High Hopes " )
1984 Micki +
Maude ( performer : " On the Sunny Side of the Street " , " Witchcraft " )
( performer : " On the Sunny Side of the Street " , " Witchcraft " )
1984 Starman ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " ( 1977 ) )
( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " ( 1977 ) )
1984 All - Star Party for Lucille Ball ( TV Special ) ( performer : " You Are The Sunshine of My Life " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " You Are The Sunshine of My Life " )
1984 Natten är dagens mor ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO YOUNG " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO YOUNG " )
1984 Triple Trouble ( performer : " You And Me ( We Wanted It All ) " )
( performer : " You And Me ( We Wanted It All ) " )
1984 Before Stonewall ( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Buddy " - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " My Buddy " - uncredited )
1984 Der Pate von Greenwich Village ( performer : " Summer Wind " )
( performer : " Summer Wind " )
1984 Das darf man nur als Erwachsener ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
1984 The Magic of David Copperfield VI : Floating Over the Grand Canyon ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1983 Scarface ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
1983 Mr. Mom ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " - uncredited )
( performer : " Strangers in the Night " - uncredited )
1983 Baby It 's You ( performer : " Strangers In The Night " )
( performer : " Strangers In The Night " )
1983 Hollywood Out - takes and Rare Footage ( Documentary ) ( performer : " The House I Live In " ( 1942 ) - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " The House I Live In " ( 1942 ) - uncredited )
1983 My Funny Valentine ( performer : " New York , New York " )
( performer : " New York , New York " )
1982 Sinatra : Concert for the Americas ( Video ) ( performer : " Introduction " , " I 've Got The World On A String " , " I Get A Kick Out Of You " , " Come Rain Or Come Shine " , " When Your Lover Has Gone " , " The Lady Is A Tramp " , " Sinatra Speaks About America " , " The House I Live In " , " Prologue " ( from ' West Side Story ' ) , " The Jet Song " ( From ' West Side Story ' ) , " Searching " , " My Kind Of Town " , " Something " , " The Best Is Yet To Come " , " Strangers In The Night " , " All Or Nothing At All " , " Band Introductions " , " The Gal That Got Away " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin ' , " Send In The Clowns " , " Quiet Night Of Quiet Stars ( Corcovado ) " , " I Wo n't Dance " , " New York , New York " - uncredited )
( Video ) ( performer : " Introduction " , " I 've Got The World On A String " , " I Get A Kick Out Of You " , " Come Rain Or Come Shine " , " When Your Lover Has Gone " , " The Lady Is A Tramp " , " Sinatra Speaks About America " , " The House I Live In " , " Prologue " ( from ' West Side Story ' ) , " The Jet Song " ( From ' West Side Story ' ) , " Searching " , " My Kind Of Town " , " Something " , " The Best Is Yet To Come " , " Strangers In The Night " , " All Or Nothing At All " , " Band Introductions " , " The Gal That Got Away " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin ' , " Send In The Clowns " , " Quiet Night Of Quiet Stars ( Corcovado ) " , " I Wo n't Dance " , " New York , New York " - uncredited )
1982 King of Comedy ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
1981 Frank Sinatra : The Man and His Music ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Nice and Easy " , " The One I Love Belongs to Someone Else " , " I Loved Her " , " At Long Last Love " , " Something " , " Monday Morning Quarterback " , " ( We Had a ) Good Thing Going " , " Say Hello " , " Thanks for the Memory " , " Theme from New York , New York " , " Pennies from Heaven " , " The Best Is Yet to Come " , " The Girl from Ipanema " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Nice and Easy " , " The One I Love Belongs to Someone Else " , " I Loved Her " , " At Long Last Love " , " Something " , " Monday Morning Quarterback " , " ( We Had a ) Good Thing Going " , " Say Hello " , " Thanks for the Memory " , " Theme from New York , New York " , " Pennies from Heaven " , " The Best Is Yet to Come " , " The Girl from Ipanema " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " - uncredited )
1981 The Magic of David Copperfield IV : The Vanishing Airplane ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Love Is n't Just For the Young " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Love Is n't Just For the Young " )
1981 Sie haben alle gelacht ( performer : " New York , New York " , " They All Laughed " , " You and Me " , " More Than You Know " )
( performer : " New York , New York " , " They All Laughed " , " You and Me " , " More Than You Know " )
1981 This Is Your Life : 30th Anniversary Special ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " That 's Life " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " That 's Life " )
1980 Inside Moves ( performer : " Put Your Dreams Away " )
( performer : " Put Your Dreams Away " )
1980 Wie ein wilder Stier ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " ( 1957 ) )
( performer : " Come Fly With Me " ( 1957 ) )
1980 The First 40 Years ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " The Best Is Yet to Come " , " I 've Got the World on a String " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Theme from New York , New York " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " The Best Is Yet to Come " , " I 've Got the World on a String " - uncredited )
1978 Good Old Days Part II ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " )
1978 The Magic of David Copperfield ( TV Special ) ( performer : " All the Way " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " All the Way " )
1977 The Story of Elvis Presley ( Documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " Love Me Tender " )
1977 Sinatra and Friends ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Where or When " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " The Old Established ( Permanent Floating Crap Game in New York ) " , " All or Nothing at All " , " My Kind of Town " , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " September Song " , " Night and Day " , " Everybody Ought to Be in Love " , " Put Your Dreams Away for Another Day " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Where or When " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " The Old Established ( Permanent Floating Crap Game in New York ) " , " All or Nothing at All " , " My Kind of Town " , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " September Song " , " Night and Day " , " Everybody Ought to Be in Love " , " Put Your Dreams Away for Another Day " - uncredited )
1976 CBS Salutes Lucy : The First 25 Years ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " My Kind of Girl " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " My Kind of Girl " )
1976 Der Strohmann ( performer : " Young at Heart " )
( performer : " Young at Heart " )
1976 That 's Entertainment , Teil 2 ( Documentary ) ( performer : " The Tender Trap " ( 1955 ) , " Ol ' Man River " ( 1927 ) , " I Fall in Love Too Easily " ( 1945 ) , " I Believe " ( 1947 ) , " You 're Sensational " ( 1956 ) , " I Begged Her " ( 1944 ) - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " The Tender Trap " ( 1955 ) , " Ol ' Man River " ( 1927 ) , " I Fall in Love Too Easily " ( 1945 ) , " I Believe " ( 1947 ) , " You 're Sensational " ( 1956 ) , " I Begged Her " ( 1944 ) - uncredited )
1976 Super Bowl ( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Winners " )
( TV Movie documentary ) ( performer : " Winners " )
1975 The United States of America ( Short ) ( performer : " Anytime ( I'll Be There ) " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " Anytime ( I'll Be There ) " - uncredited )
1975 Las adolescentes ( performer : " Summer Wind " )
( performer : " Summer Wind " )
1975 The 47th Annual Academy Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " That 's Entertainment ! " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " That 's Entertainment ! " )
1974 Frank Sinatra : The Main Event ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) , " I Get a Kick Out of You " ( uncredited ) , " Let Me Try Again ( Laisse Moi le Temps ) " ( uncredited ) , " Autumn in New York " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Bad Bad Leroy Brown " ( uncredited ) , " Angel Eyes " ( uncredited ) , " You Are the Sunshine of My Life " ( uncredited ) , " The House I Live In " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " It Was a Very Good Year " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) , " I Get a Kick Out of You " ( uncredited ) , " Let Me Try Again ( Laisse Moi le Temps ) " ( uncredited ) , " Autumn in New York " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Bad Bad Leroy Brown " ( uncredited ) , " Angel Eyes " ( uncredited ) , " You Are the Sunshine of My Life " ( uncredited ) , " The House I Live In " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " It Was a Very Good Year " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) )
1974 Das gibt 's nie wieder ( Documentary ) ( performer : " The Song 's Gotta Come from the Heart " ( 1947 ) , " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " ( 1908 ) , " New York , New York " ( 1944 ) , " Well , Did You Evah " ( 1939 ) - uncredited )
( Documentary ) ( performer : " The Song 's Gotta Come from the Heart " ( 1947 ) , " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " ( 1908 ) , " New York , New York " ( 1944 ) , " Well , Did You Evah " ( 1939 ) - uncredited )
1974 The American Film Institute Salute to James Cagney ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
1973 Frank Sinatra : Ol ' Blue Eyes Is Back ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " You Will Be My Music " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Street of Dreams " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " I've Got the World on a String " , " Last Night When We Were Young " , " Violets For Your Furs " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " We Can't Do That Anymore " , " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " , " New York , New York " , " Nice and Easy " , " Let Me Try Again " , " Send in the Clowns " , " You Will Be My Music ( Reprise ) " )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " You Will Be My Music " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Street of Dreams " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " I've Got the World on a String " , " Last Night When We Were Young " , " Violets For Your Furs " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " We Can't Do That Anymore " , " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " , " New York , New York " , " Nice and Easy " , " Let Me Try Again " , " Send in the Clowns " , " You Will Be My Music ( Reprise ) " )
1971 Frank Sinatra : In Concert at the Royal Festival Hall ( TV Special ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( uncredited ) , " Pennies from Heaven " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Something " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) , " I Get Along Without You Very Well " ( uncredited ) , " Did n't We ? " ( uncredited ) , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " ( uncredited ) , " I Will Drink the Wine " ( uncredited ) , " I Have Dreamed " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( uncredited ) , " Pennies from Heaven " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Something " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) , " I Get Along Without You Very Well " ( uncredited ) , " Did n't We ? " ( uncredited ) , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " ( uncredited ) , " I Will Drink the Wine " ( uncredited ) , " I Have Dreamed " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) )
1971 Die Kunst zu lieben ( performer : " Dream " )
( performer : " Dream " )
1971 Das Schreckenskabinett des Dr. Phibes ( performer : " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " ( as " One for My Baby and One More for the Road " ) )
( performer : " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " ( as " One for My Baby and One More for the Road " ) )
1970 Die Frau des Priesters ( performer : " Going Out of My Head " )
( performer : " Going Out of My Head " )
1970 Night of Nights ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " One for My Baby " )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " One for My Baby " )
1970 Jack Benny 's 20th Anniversary TV Special ( TV Special ) ( performer : " I Get A Kick Out of You " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " I Get A Kick Out of You " )
1970 Nichts wie weg , Rabbit ( performer : " My Kind of Town " )
( performer : " My Kind of Town " )
1969 Sinatra ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Please Be Kind " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " I Could n't Sleep a Wink Last Night " ( uncredited ) , " You 're Sensational " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) , " The Tender Trap " ( uncredited ) , " Little Green Apples " ( uncredited ) , " Out Beyond the Window " ( uncredited ) , " A Man Alone " ( uncredited ) , " Did n't We " ( uncredited ) , " Forget to Remember " ( uncredited ) , " Fly Me to the Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Street of Dreams " ( uncredited ) , " Love 's Been Good to Me " ( uncredited ) , " Goin ' Out of My Head " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " For Once in My Life " ( uncredited ) , " Please Be Kind " ( uncredited ) , " My Way " ( Comme d'Habitude ) , " I Could n't Sleep a Wink Last Night " ( uncredited ) , " You 're Sensational " ( uncredited ) , " All the Way " ( uncredited ) , " The Tender Trap " ( uncredited ) , " Little Green Apples " ( uncredited ) , " Out Beyond the Window " ( uncredited ) , " A Man Alone " ( uncredited ) , " Did n't We " ( uncredited ) , " Forget to Remember " ( uncredited ) , " Fly Me to the Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Street of Dreams " ( uncredited ) , " Love 's Been Good to Me " ( uncredited ) , " Goin ' Out of My Head " ( uncredited ) , " My Kind of Town " ( uncredited ) )
1969 The 41st Annual Academy Awards ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Star ! " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Star ! " )
1969 Mondo Trasho ( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
( performer : " Strangers in the Night " )
1968 Francis Albert Sinatra Does His Thing ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Hello , Young Lovers " , " Baubles , Bangles and Beads " , " Cycles " , " Nice ' n ' Easy " , " ( How Little It Matters ) How Little We Know " , " Lost in the Stars " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " , " Glad To Be Unhappy " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " Gone with the Wind " , " Diane " , " Deep River " , " Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child " , " Lonesome Road " , " Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Seen " , " Amen " , " Sweet Blindness " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Hello , Young Lovers " , " Baubles , Bangles and Beads " , " Cycles " , " Nice ' n ' Easy " , " ( How Little It Matters ) How Little We Know " , " Lost in the Stars " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " , " Glad To Be Unhappy " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " It Never Entered My Mind " , " Gone with the Wind " , " Diane " , " Deep River " , " Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child " , " Lonesome Road " , " Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Seen " , " Amen " , " Sweet Blindness " - uncredited )
1967 Nancy - Sinatra - Show ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Younger Than Springtime " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Younger Than Springtime " )
1967 Die Star - Show : Frank Sinatra ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Day In , Day Out " ( uncredited ) , " Get Me to the Church on Time " ( uncredited ) , " What now my Love ? " ( Et Maintenant ) , " Ol ' Man River " ( uncredited ) , " All I Need Is a Girl " ( uncredited ) , " Angel Eyes " ( uncredited ) , " Put Your Dreams Away " ( uncredited ) , " How High the Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Up , Up and Away " ( uncredited ) , " Jimmy Valentine " ( uncredited ) , " Theme from ' Tony Rome ' " ( uncredited ) , " Goody Goody " ( uncredited ) , " Do n't Cry , Joe ( Let her Go , Let Her Go , Let Her Go ) " ( uncredited ) , " Ode to Billy Joe " ( uncredited ) , " Goin ' Out of My Head " ( uncredited ) , " Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars " ( uncredited ) , " Change Partners " ( uncredited ) , " I Concentrate on You " ( uncredited ) , " The Girl from Ipanema " ( uncredited ) , " The Song Is You " ( uncredited ) , " They Can't Take That Away from Me " ( uncredited ) , " Stompin ' at the Savoy " ( uncredited ) , " At Long Last Love " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Day In , Day Out " ( uncredited ) , " Get Me to the Church on Time " ( uncredited ) , " What now my Love ? " ( Et Maintenant ) , " Ol ' Man River " ( uncredited ) , " All I Need Is a Girl " ( uncredited ) , " Angel Eyes " ( uncredited ) , " Put Your Dreams Away " ( uncredited ) , " How High the Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Up , Up and Away " ( uncredited ) , " Jimmy Valentine " ( uncredited ) , " Theme from ' Tony Rome ' " ( uncredited ) , " Goody Goody " ( uncredited ) , " Do n't Cry , Joe ( Let her Go , Let Her Go , Let Her Go ) " ( uncredited ) , " Ode to Billy Joe " ( uncredited ) , " Goin ' Out of My Head " ( uncredited ) , " Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars " ( uncredited ) , " Change Partners " ( uncredited ) , " I Concentrate on You " ( uncredited ) , " The Girl from Ipanema " ( uncredited ) , " The Song Is You " ( uncredited ) , " They Can't Take That Away from Me " ( uncredited ) , " Stompin ' at the Savoy " ( uncredited ) , " At Long Last Love " ( uncredited ) , " The Lady Is a Tramp " ( uncredited ) )
1967 Der Mann am Draht ( performer : " You Are There " )
( performer : " You Are There " )
1966 Sinatra - ein Mann und seine Musik ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " , " The Most Beautiful Girl in the World " , " Moonlight in Vermont " , " You 're Nobody ' Til Somebody Loves You " , " Luck Be a Lady " , " That 's Life " , " Granada " , " My Kind of Town ( Chicago Is ) " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " , " Just One of Those Things " , " My Heart Stood Still " , " But Beautiful " , " When Your Lover Has Gone " , " Yes Sir , That 's My Baby " , " Downtown " , " These Boots Were Made for Walkin ' " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Fly Me to the Moon " , " The Most Beautiful Girl in the World " , " Moonlight in Vermont " , " You 're Nobody ' Til Somebody Loves You " , " Luck Be a Lady " , " That 's Life " , " Granada " , " My Kind of Town ( Chicago Is ) " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " , " Just One of Those Things " , " My Heart Stood Still " , " But Beautiful " , " When Your Lover Has Gone " , " Yes Sir , That 's My Baby " , " Downtown " , " These Boots Were Made for Walkin ' " - uncredited )
1966 Leise flüstern die Pistolen ( performer : " Come Fly With Me " - uncredited )
( performer : " Come Fly With Me " - uncredited )
1965 Ein Mann und seine Musik ( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Without a Song " , " Do n't Worry ' Bout Me " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Nancy ( With the Laughing Face ) " , " My Kind of Town ( Chicago Is ) " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " Young at Heart " , " The Girl Next Door " , " Last Night When We Were Young " , " This Is All I Ask " , " Come Fly with Me " , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " I 've Got the World on a String " , " Witchcraft " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " - uncredited )
( TV Special documentary ) ( performer : " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Without a Song " , " Do n't Worry ' Bout Me " , " I Get a Kick Out of You " , " Nancy ( With the Laughing Face ) " , " My Kind of Town ( Chicago Is ) " , " It Was a Very Good Year " , " Young at Heart " , " The Girl Next Door " , " Last Night When We Were Young " , " This Is All I Ask " , " Come Fly with Me " , " The Lady Is a Tramp " , " I 've Got the World on a String " , " Witchcraft " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Angel Eyes " , " Put Your Dreams Away " - uncredited )
1964 Sieben gegen Chicago ( performer : " My Kind of Town " , " Style " - uncredited )
( performer : " My Kind of Town " , " Style " - uncredited )
1964 Zusammen in Paris ( performer : " The Girl Who Stole the Eiffel Tower " )
( performer : " The Girl Who Stole the Eiffel Tower " )
1963 Die Sieger ( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " - uncredited )
( performer : " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " - uncredited )
1963 Eine neue
Art von Liebe ( performer : " You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me " )
( performer : " You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me " )
1963 Wenn mein Schlafzimmer sprechen könnte ( performer : " Come Blow Your Horn " )
( performer : " Come Blow Your Horn " )
1962 Marilyn - Ihr letzter Film ( Short ) ( performer : " Something 's Gotta Give " )
( Short ) ( performer : " Something 's Gotta Give " )
1962 Sturm über Washington ( performer : " The Song from Advise and Consent " )
( performer : " The Song from Advise and Consent " )
1962 Die Judy - Garland - Show ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Too Marvelous for Words " , " I See Your Face Before Me " , " The One I Love ( Belongs to Somebody Else ) " , " ' Let There Be Love / You 're Nobody Til Somebody Loves You ' " )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Too Marvelous for Words " , " I See Your Face Before Me " , " The One I Love ( Belongs to Somebody Else ) " , " ' Let There Be Love / You 're Nobody Til Somebody Loves You ' " )
1960 Frank Sinatra 's Welcome Home Party for Elvis Presley ( TV Special ) ( performer : " It 's Nice to Go Trav'ling " ( uncredited ) , " Witchcraft " ( uncredited ) , " Gone with the Wind " ( uncredited ) , " Love Me Tender " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " It 's Nice to Go Trav'ling " ( uncredited ) , " Witchcraft " ( uncredited ) , " Gone with the Wind " ( uncredited ) , " Love Me Tender " , " You Make Me Feel So Young " ( uncredited ) )
1960 Ganz Paris träumt von der Liebe ( performer : " C'est Magnifique " , " Let 's Do It " , " It 's All Right With Me " , " Montmart ' " - uncredited )
( performer : " C'est Magnifique " , " Let 's Do It " , " It 's All Right With Me " , " Montmart ' " - uncredited )
1960 The Frank Sinatra Timex Show : To the Ladies ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Here 's to the Ladies " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Lonely Town " ( uncredited ) , " It 's Only a Paper Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Ac - Cent - Tchu - Ate the Positive " ( uncredited ) , " Get Happy " , " Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea " ( uncredited ) , " My Heart Stood Still " ( uncredited ) )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Here 's to the Ladies " ( uncredited ) , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " ( uncredited ) , " Lonely Town " ( uncredited ) , " It 's Only a Paper Moon " ( uncredited ) , " Ac - Cent - Tchu - Ate the Positive " ( uncredited ) , " Get Happy " , " Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea " ( uncredited ) , " My Heart Stood Still " ( uncredited ) )
1959 The Frank Sinatra Timex Show : An Afternoon with Frank Sinatra ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Spend the Afternoon with Me " , " I 've Got the World on a String " , " It 's All Right with Me " , " Too Marvelous for Words " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " I'll Never Smile Again " , " Ca n't We Be Friends " , " Our Love Is Here To Stay " , " Love Is Sweeping the Country " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Spend the Afternoon with Me " , " I 've Got the World on a String " , " It 's All Right with Me " , " Too Marvelous for Words " , " Here 's That Rainy Day " , " I'll Never Smile Again " , " Ca n't We Be Friends " , " Our Love Is Here To Stay " , " Love Is Sweeping the Country " - uncredited )
1959 Bing Crosby and Dean Martin Present High Hopes ( TV Special ) ( performer : " Day In , Day Out " , " Together " , " Talk to Me " , " The Old Gray Mare " , " That Old Feeling " , " That Old Devil Moon " , " Old Man River " , " High Hopes " , " Just One of Those Things " , " Angel Eyes " , " The Lady is a Tramp " , " You Gotta Start Off Each Day with a Song " , " Inka Dinka Doo " , " Wo n't You Come Home , Bill Bailey " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " Day In , Day Out " , " Together " , " Talk to Me " , " The Old Gray Mare " , " That Old Feeling " , " That Old Devil Moon " , " Old Man River " , " High Hopes " , " Just One of Those Things " , " Angel Eyes " , " The Lady is a Tramp " , " You Gotta Start Off Each Day with a Song " , " Inka Dinka Doo " , " Wo n't You Come Home , Bill Bailey " - uncredited )
1959 Eine Nummer zu groß ( performer : " All My Tomorrows " ( 1959 ) , " High Hopes " ( 1959 ) )
( performer : " All My Tomorrows " ( 1959 ) , " High Hopes " ( 1959 ) )
1959 Some of Manie 's Friends ( TV Movie ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Them There Eyes " , " A Foggy Day " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Taking a Chance on Love " , " They Can't Take That Away from Me " , " All of Me " , " Daddy " , " I Can't Give You Anything but Love " , " You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby " - uncredited )
( TV Movie ) ( performer : " You Make Me Feel So Young " , " Them There Eyes " , " A Foggy Day " , " I 've Got You Under My Skin " , " Taking a Chance on Love " , " They Can't Take That Away from Me " , " All of Me " , " Daddy " , " I Can't Give You Anything but Love " , " You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby " - uncredited )
1958 Bandstand ( TV Series ) ( writer - 1 episode )
Episode # 1.241 ( 1958 ) ... ( writer : " I'm a Fool to Want You " - uncredited ) ( TV Series ) ( writer - 1 episode )
1957 Pal Joey ( " Bewitched " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " There 's A Small Hotel " , " I Could Write A Book " , " The Lady is a Tramp " , " What Do I Care For a Dame " , " I Did n't Know What Time It Was " - uncredited )
( " Bewitched " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " There 's A Small Hotel " , " I Could Write A Book " , " The Lady is a Tramp " , " What Do I Care For a Dame " , " I Did n't Know What Time It Was " - uncredited )
1957 The Edsel Show ( TV Special ) ( performer : " All the Way " , " Love and Marriage " , " Baby , Wo n't You Please Come Home " , " South of the Border " , " Paris in the Spring " , " I Love Paris " , " Sweet Leilani " , " ( We 're Off on the ) Road to Morocco " , " Collegiate " , " The Sweetheart of Sigma Chi " , " September Song " , " There 's a Long , Long Trail " , " The Birth of the Blues " , " Where the Blue of the Night ( Meets the Gold of the Day ) " , " I 'm an Old Cowhand ( from the Rio Grande ) " , " I'm Always Chasing Rainbows " , " There Is Nothing Like a Dame " , " It All Depends on You " , " I'm Walking Behind You " , " Swinging on a Star " , " I 'd Climb the Highest Mountain ( If I Knew I 'd Find You ) " , " I've Got You Under My Skin " , " I Can't Give You Anything but Love " , " You Go to My Head " , " It 's a Grand Night for Singing " , " I Got Rhythm " , " Blues in the Night " , " Three Little Words " , " My Blue Heaven " , " Three O'Clock in the Morning " , " Three Little Fishes " , " Three Coins in the Fountain " , " Ma Blushin ' Rosie " , " Side by Side " , " On the Sunny Side of the Street " - uncredited )
( TV Special ) ( performer : " All the Way " , " Love and Marriage " , " Baby , Wo n't You Please Come Home " , " South of the Border " , " Paris in the Spring " , " I Love Paris " , " Sweet Leilani " , " ( We 're Off on the ) Road to Morocco " , " Collegiate " , " The Sweetheart of Sigma Chi " , " September Song " , " There 's a Long , Long Trail " , " The Birth of the Blues " , " Where the Blue of the Night ( Meets the Gold of the Day ) " , " I 'm an Old Cowhand ( from the Rio Grande ) " , " I'm Always Chasing Rainbows " , " There Is Nothing Like a Dame " , " It All Depends on You " , " I'm Walking Behind You " , " Swinging on a Star " , " I 'd Climb the Highest Mountain ( If I Knew I 'd Find You ) " , " I've Got You Under My Skin " , " I Can't Give You Anything but Love " , " You Go to My Head " , " It 's a Grand Night for Singing " , " I Got Rhythm " , " Blues in the Night " , " Three Little Words " , " My Blue Heaven " , " Three O'Clock in the Morning " , " Three Little Fishes " , " Three Coins in the Fountain " , " Ma Blushin ' Rosie " , " Side by Side " , " On the Sunny Side of the Street " - uncredite d )
1957 Schicksalsmelodie ( performer : " All the Way " , " At Sundown " ( uncredited ) , " I Cried for You " ( uncredited ) , " If I Could Be with You " ( uncredited ) , " Out of Nowhere " ( uncredited ) , " Swingin ' on a Star " ( uncredited ) , " Naturally " ( uncredited ) )
( performer : " All the Way " , " At Sundown " ( uncredited ) , " I Cried for You " ( uncredited ) , " If I Could Be with You " ( uncredited ) , " Out of Nowhere " ( uncredited ) , " Swingin ' on a Star " ( uncredited ) , " Naturally " ( uncredited ) )
1956 In 80 Tagen um die Welt ( performer : " The Little Brown Jug " ( 1869 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " The Little Brown Jug " ( 1869 ) - uncredited )
1956 Die oberen Zehntausend ( performer : " Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? " , " Well , Did You Evah ! " , " Mind If I Make Love To You " , " You 're Sensational " - uncredited )
( performer : " Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? " , " Well , Did You Evah ! " , " Mind If I Make Love To You " , " You 're Sensational " - uncredited )
1955 Die zarte Falle ( performer : " ( Love Is ) The Tender Trap " )
( performer : " ( Love Is ) The Tender Trap " )
1955 Schwere Jungen , leichte Mädchen ( performer : " Guys and Dolls " ( 1950 ) , " The Oldest Established ( Permanent Floating Crap Game ) " ( 1950 ) , " Adelaide " ( 1955 ) , " Sue Me " ( 1950 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " Guys and Dolls " ( 1950 ) , " The Oldest Established ( Permanent Floating Crap Game ) " ( 1950 ) , " Adelaide " ( 1955 ) , " Sue Me " ( 1950 ) - uncredited )
1954 Man soll nicht mit der Liebe spielen ( performer : " Just One of Those Things " , " Someone to Watch Over Me " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " , " You , My Love " , " Young at Heart " - uncredited )
( performer : " Just One of Those Things " , " Someone to Watch Over Me " , " One for My Baby ( and One More for the Road ) " , " You , My Love " , " Young at Heart " - uncredited )
1954 Drei Münzen im Brunnen ( performer : " Three Coins in the Fountain " ( 1954 ) )
( performer : " Three Coins in the Fountain " ( 1954 ) )
1953 Verdammt in alle Ewigkeit ( " Chattanooga Choo Choo " ( 1941 ) , uncredited )
( " Chattanooga Choo Choo " ( 1941 ) , uncredited )
1952 Zu allem entschlossen ( performer : " You 're a Sweetheart " , " Lonesome Man Blues " , " She 's Funny That Way " , " A Good Man Is Hard to Find " , " That Old Black Magic " , " When You 're Smiling " , " All of Me " , " I 've Got a Crush on You " , " How Deep Is the Ocean ? " - uncredited )
( performer : " You 're a Sweetheart " , " Lonesome Man Blues " , " She 's Funny That Way " , " A Good Man Is Hard to Find " , " That Old Black Magic " , " When You 're Smiling " , " All of Me " , " I 've Got a Crush on You " , " How Deep Is the Ocean ? " - uncredited )
1951 Doppeltes Dynamit ( " It's Only Money " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " It 's Only Money " , " Kisses and Tears " - uncredited )
( " It 's Only Money " , uncredited ) / ( performer : " It 's Only Money " , " Kisses and Tears " - uncredited )
1949 Das ist New York ( performer : " New York , New York " , " Come Up to My Place " , " Prehistoric Man " ( uncredited ) , " You 're Awful " ( uncredited ) , " On the Town " ( uncredited ) , " Count on Me " ( uncredited ) , " That 's All There Is , Folks " ( uncredited ) )
( performer : " New York , New York " , " Come Up to My Place " , " Prehistoric Man " ( uncredited ) , " You 're Awful " ( uncredited ) , " On the Town " ( uncredited ) , " Count on Me " ( uncredited ) , " That 's All There Is , Folks " ( uncredited ) )
1949 Ehekrieg ( " Farewell , Amanda " ( 1949 ) )
( " Farewell , Amanda " ( 1949 ) )
1949 Vorhang auf ( Short ) ( performer : " April Showers " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " April Showers " - uncredited )
1949 Spiel zu dritt ( performer : " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " , " Yes , Indeedy " ( uncredited ) , " O' Brien to Ryan to Goldberg " ( uncredited ) , " The Right Girl for Me " ( uncredited ) , " It 's Fate Baby , It 's Fate " ( uncredited ) , " Strictly U.S.A . " ( uncredited ) )
( performer : " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " , " Yes , Indeedy " ( uncredited ) , " O' Brien to Ryan to Goldberg " ( uncredited ) , " The Right Girl for Me " ( uncredited ) , " It 's Fate Baby , It 's Fate " ( uncredited ) , " Strictly U.S.A . " ( uncredited ) )
1948 Ein Bandit zum Küssen ( " Siesta " ) / ( lyrics : " What 's Wrong with Me ? " , " If I Steal a Kiss " , " Señorita " )
( " Siesta " ) / ( lyrics : " What 's Wrong with Me ? " , " If I Steal a Kiss " , " Señorita " )
1948 Die Glocken von Coaltown ( performer : " Ever Homeward " )
( performer : " Ever Homeward " )
1947 It Happened in Brooklyn ( performer : " Whose Baby Are You " , " The Brooklyn Bridge " , " Invention No. 1 " , " I Believe " , " Time After Time " , " The Song 's Gotta Come From The Heart " , " La ci darem la mano " , " It 's The Same Old Dream " - uncredited )
( performer : " Whose Baby Are You " , " The Brooklyn Bridge " , " Invention No. 1 " , " I Believe " , " Time After Time " , " The Song 's Gotta Come From The Heart " , " La ci darem la mano " , " It 's The Same Old Dream " - uncredited )
1946 Bis die Wolken vorüberzieh'n ( performer : " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
( performer : " Ol ' Man River " - uncredited )
1945 The House I Live In ( Short ) ( performer : " If You Are But a Dream " ( uncredited ) , " The House I Live In " )
( Short ) ( performer : " If You Are But a Dream " ( uncredited ) , " The House I Live In " )
1945 Urlaub in Hollywood ( performer : " We Hate to Leave " ( 1944 ) , " Wiegenlied , Op. 49 , No. 4 " ( 1868 ) , " I Begged Her " ( 1944 ) , " If You Knew Susie " ( 1925 ) , " What Makes the Sunset ? " ( 1944 ) , " The Charm of You " ( 1944 ) , " I Fall In Love Too Easily " ( 1944 ) , " Tonight We Love " ( 1941 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " We Hate to Leave " ( 1944 ) , " Wiegenlied , Op. 49 , No. 4 " ( 1868 ) , " I Begged Her " ( 1944 ) , " If You Knew Susie " ( 1925 ) , " What Makes the Sunset ? " ( 1944 ) , " The Charm of You " ( 1944 ) , " I Fall In Love Too Easily " ( 1944 ) , " Tonight We Love " ( 1941 ) - uncredited )
1945 1001 Nacht ( performer : " All or Nothing at All " ( 1940 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " All or Nothing at All " ( 1940 ) - uncredited )
1945 The All - Star Bond Rally ( Short ) ( performer : " Saturday Night Is the Loneliest Night of the Week " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " Saturday Night Is the Loneliest Night of the Week " - uncredited )
1945 It 's in the Bag !
( performer : " Sunday , Monday or Always " ( 1943 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " Sunday , Monday or Always " ( 1943 ) - uncredited )
1944 Step Lively ( " WHERE DOES LOVE BEGIN ? " ) / ( performer : " COME OUT , COME OUT , WHEREVER YOU ARE " , " AS LONG AS THERE'S MUSIC " , " SOME OTHER TIME " )
( " WHERE DOES LOVE BEGIN ? " ) / ( performer : " COME OUT , COME OUT , WHEREVER YOU ARE " , " AS LONG AS THERE'S MUSIC " , " SOME OTHER TIME " )
1944 Schweinchen
Dick legt ein Ei ( Short ) ( performer : " It Can't Be Wrong " , " As Time Goes By " , " I 'll Pray for You " , " Always in My Heart " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " It Can't Be Wrong " , " As Time Goes By " , " I 'll Pray for You " , " Always in My Heart " - uncredited )
1944 The Shining Future ( Short ) ( performer : " There 'll Be a Hot Time in the Town of Berlin " - uncredited )
( Short ) ( performer : " There 'll Be a Hot Time in the Town of Berlin " - uncredited )
1943 Higher and Higher ( performer : " I Could n't Sleep a Wink Last Night " ( 1943 ) , " The Music Stopped " ( 1943 ) , " I Saw You First " ( 1943 ) , " Lovely Way to Spend an Evening " ( 1943 ) , " You 're On Your Own " ( 1943 ) , " Symphony No.6 in B Minor ( Pathétique ) , Op.74 " ( 1893 ) - uncredited )
( performer : " I Could n't Sleep a Wink Last Night " ( 1943 ) , " The Music Stopped " ( 1943 ) , " I Saw You First " ( 1943 ) , " Lovely Way to Spend an Evening " ( 1943 ) , " You 're On Your Own " ( 1943 ) , " Symphony No.6 in B Minor ( Pathétique ) , Op.74 " ( 1893 ) - uncredited )
1943 Reveille with Beverly ( performer : " Night and Day " )
( performer : " Night and Day " )
1942 Schiff ahoi !
( performer : " The Last Call for Love " ( 1942 ) , " Poor You " ( 1942 ) , " Moonlight Bay " ( 1912 ) ( uncredited ) )
( performer : " The Last Call for Love " ( 1942 ) , " Poor You " ( 1942 ) , " Moonlight Bay " ( 1912 ) ( uncredited ) )
What is ADB i come from rooting g1 and i dont remember or know what it is i rooted my g1 when it first came out and every since then all i had to do is name file update then push .
could u be alittle more clear for a retard like me I dont want to miss my phone up when i just got it today , I really want to get rid of some of the bloatware on it tho
Comments Mr. Waterwall is right .
What do you think all those attempts to hack into our DOD computers is about ?
What do you think China has been doing with the missile technology Clinton gave them ?
Why do you think we get poisoned medicine and food from them ?
It 's coming and we need new tactics , new weapons systems and solid deployment strategies to meet it .
We need to get in first licks or we 're finished .
Our enemy has patience and will wait decades if necessary to take a measured shot .
We 'd best be ready or we 'll end up defeated slaves .
Rick 6:13 p.m. / Monday , May 24 , 2010
Thanks , Bill , George , Congress and now Barry for allowing the Chinese to acquire so - called dual use technology from the United States .
These guys knew what China was / is going to use it for .
I guess those ITAR agreements that we little people who work for Defense contractors who have to sign on to and pledge compliance to , on pain of jail or a big fine but , the Presidents and big shots can just wave the stuff on through .
Yes , they know what they 're doing .
As for Gates , he was hired by Bush to be a hatchet man and that 's why Barry has n't let him go .
Stephen 8:26 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010 Hey RRC ,
Let 's follow your 's and the late ADM Rickovers 's logic ok ?
Surface ships will last two days , modern jet aircraft will last 20 min , tanks will last 10 min , infantry will last 5 min , land bases will last 3 min , everything is obsolete !
We should get ride of all of it .
Rick 4:14 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010 Sadly , Gates I fear is right .
In fact , he is doing nothing more than repeating the viewpoint of Admiral Rickover who said in an interview on 60 Minutes decades ago ( which I saw and remember ) that surface ships will probably last about two days in any kind of modern war .
Lesson : we need new technology and weapons to deal with the new naval reality .
RRC 3:23 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010 Hey Mitch ,
This is one man 's opinion , but from looking at China 's actions it appears as if they have a certain myopic view of the world which sees their culture as superior to all others - just look at their history - it full of examples .
I think their view of us is as the Mongrel hordes of the modern world in a way .
Secondly , why would they attack their biggest customer you ask ?
Easy .
They do n't view the world like we do - we 're just another ' market ' for their goods .
If they are able to better control us ( through whatever means ) then this ' market ' will be more stable .
And finally , this all ties into their political leadership .
Their leaders hold on power ties directly to their economy , and they will do anything to keep it going for fear of losing their power .
Rick 12:43 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010 Gates should be removed .
All he is doing is sending the wrong messages to our enemies .
It 's time to have him retire .
But Obummer wo n't because he likes to hear this kind of thing .
Thank goodness neither one of them will see 2013 .
Scott 12:43 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010
While China is building an intelligent military force , we are wasting our time chasing 12th century bandits in Afghanistan .
andrew curtis 12:24 p.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010
My goodness !
What happened to the Navy of old ?
Where is the backbone ?
Our fallen heroes of WWII are rolling in their graves right now !
Marcos 11:14 a.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010
While it does seem that China is preparing for war , why would China want to attack one of its biggest customers ?
Mitch Small 10:12 a.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010
It does n't sound like Gates is up to the task of being SECDEF if he so easily throws in the towel .
You can talk about what our potential enemies are ' working on ' all day long - but until their ' capabilities ' are proven its all vapor ware .
Rick 3:59 a.m. / Friday , May 21 , 2010 China is preparing for war .
They are following the path of Japan before WW II .
When they decide to strike it 's going to be hard and fast .
They are making up a new play book on how to counter our battlegroups in the Pacific .
I sure hope the Pentagon is prepared .
They must develope the systems to counter this threat .
If Gates ( no desrepect intended ) is not up to the task .
He needs to go .
Talk only goes so far .
Action needs to be taken .
Phillip J. Waterwall 9:30 a.m. / Thursday , May 20 , 2010
COLOGNE , Germany ( AP )  Russia overcame Germany 2 - 1 to set up a showdown with the Czech Republic in the ice hockey world championship final on Saturday .
Russia collected its 27th straight win at the worlds since 2007 but needed all it could muster to knock off the motivated German hosts , who were making their first appearance in the semifinals since the current format was added in 1992 .
Pavel Datsyuk scored the winner on a breakaway with 1:50 left in the game .
" Every game , you go deeper and deeper , and it 's tougher and tougher .
Especially when you play the home team , they have lots of fans and that helped them , " Datsyuk said .
Russia , the most successful team in worlds history with 25 crowns , has a chance to become the first team to win three straight titles since the Czech Republic from 1999 to 2001 .
The Czechs beat Sweden 3 - 2 in a shootout to return to the final for the first time since 2006 .
They have n't won the title since 2005 .
" Two weeks ago , nobody gave us a chance , " Czech superstar Jaromir Jagr said .
" I 'm so happy for these guys .
Now we 're going to the final . "
The Czechs have won five world titles and six more as part of Czechoslovakia .
Evgeni Malkin nearly gave Russia the lead just two minutes into the semi against Germany but he hit the post .
But the Russians found themselves short - handed in a 5 - on - 3 for 49 seconds midway through the first period when Nikolai Kulemin was given a five - minute boarding penalty and 20 minutes for game misconduct on his hit on Korbinian Holzer , who was unable to return to the game .
With 1:55 left in Kulemin 's penalty , Alexei Emelin was sent off for hooking for another 5 - on - 3 situation for Germany .
The hosts finally took advantage with 58 seconds remaining as Marcel Goc hit home the rebound of Felix Schutz 's shot .
With Germany playing short - handed three minutes into the second period , Schutz got out on a breakaway but could not beat Russia goalie Vasili Koshechkin .
Russia struggled to take control in the second period but finally equalized with 11 minutes when Malkin 's slapshot of Sergei Gonchar 's pass beat Germany goalie Robert Zepp .
Both teams had good chances in the third period but Datsyuk stole a pass in the German zone and streaked down the ice before beating Zepp to the upper left corner from the left side .
" We were close but close is not enough , " Germany defender Christian Ehrhoff said .
" We can finish the tournament with a medal and no one would have expected that beforehand . "
In the first semifinal , Karel Rachunek scored with 7.5 seconds left in relegation to force overtime , then Jan Marek hit home in the shootout to give the Czechs the win .
" We struggled in the first round and almost did n't make it .
We were in a must - win situation against Canada , and if we lost , we would have gone home , " Czech goalie Tomas Vokoun said .
" We 've been playing elimination round - style hockey ever since we lost to Norway .
That put us in a very bad spot .
We 've beaten some very good teams , and now we 've beaten Sweden twice . "
Johan Harju's power - play goal opened the scoring for Sweden eight minutes in .
But Tomas Mojzis leveled in the 18th .
Sweden regained the lead with eight minutes remaining in the second period on Andreas Engqvist 's goal , setting up Rachunek 's score just before the final buzzer .
After a scoreless extra session , the Vokoun stopped Magnus Johansson and Tony Martensson in the shootout .
Sweden , the 2006 champion , will be playing for its second straight bronze medal .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
We 've got Paul McShane but the Faroes have Kaj Ennigarð who has become an internet sensation after appearing in the following video clip .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22fYEk_eeLk[/youtube]
Follow him on Facebook - at least we think it 's him , who cares just do it anyways .
Advertisement
While you 're at it , follow us too - balls.ie
POLICE have seized an arsenal of weapons , high - powered ammunition and explosives from South Australian properties linked to a doomsday cult .
About 90 police have been involved in searches over the past two days of 12 properties owned by a religious sect known as the Agape Ministries of God , which allegedly believes the world is approaching the end .
Detectives today raided a property which was formerly part of the Hillcrest psychiatric hospital at Oakden , where they removed numerous boxes from three shipping containers , the Adelaide Advertiser said .
They also were at Mt Magnificent , where they were searching a dam .
Major Fraud detectives said they had arrested four men and charged them with firearms offences .
The searches have uncovered five unsecured firearms at four properties and ammunition , as well as detonators and explosive fuses .
" A substantial amount of high - powered ammunition was located secreted in the metal frames of bed heads located at one of the premises , " police said .
An Upper Sturt man , 46 , a Mt Compass man , 49 , an Oakden man , 38 , and an Aberfoyle Park man , 48 , will all face court on firearms offences .
The properties are owned by a religious sect known as Agape Ministries of God , members of which reportedly believe the world is coming to an end .
The sect and its Adelaide leader , " Pastor " Rocco Leo , have featured recently in a Today Tonight investigation .
For local updates on this story , visit the Adelaide Advertiser .
Updated May 24 , 2010 at 5:30 p.m. PDT
Engineers successfully reset a computer onboard Voyager 2 that caused an unexpected data pattern shift , and the spacecraft resumed sending properly formatted science data back to Earth on Sunday , May 23 .
Mission managers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , had been operating the spacecraft in engineering mode since May 6 .
They took this action as they traced the source of the pattern shift to the flip of a single bit in the flight data system computer that packages data to transmit back to Earth .
In the next week , engineers will be checking the science data with Voyager team scientists to make sure instruments onboard the spacecraft are processing data correctly .
Updated May 20 , 2010 at 6:00 p.m. PDT
Engineers have successfully corrected the memory on NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft by resetting a computer bit that had flipped .
Reset commands were beamed up to the spacecraft yesterday , Wed. , May 19 , and engineering data received today confirm that the reset was successful .
The Voyager team will continue monitoring the engineering data , and if the bit remains reset , commands to switch to the science data mode will be beamed up to Voyager 2 on Sat. , May 22 .
Receipt of science data would then resume on Sun. , May 23 .
Updated May 17 , 2010 at 5:00 p.m. PDT
One flip of a bit in the memory of an onboard computer appears to have caused the change in the science data pattern returning from Voyager 2 , engineers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Monday , May 17 .
A value in a single memory location was changed from a 0 to a 1 .
On May 12 , engineers received a full memory readout from the flight data system computer , which formats the data to send back to Earth .
They isolated the one bit in the memory that had changed , and they recreated the effect on a computer at JPL .
They found the effect agrees with data coming down from the spacecraft .
They are planning to reset the bit to its normal state on Wednesday , May 19 .
May 06 , 2010
Engineers have shifted NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft into a mode that transmits only spacecraft health and status data while they diagnose an unexpected change in the pattern of returning data .
Preliminary engineering data received on May 1 show the spacecraft is basically healthy , and that the source of the issue is the flight data system , which is responsible for formatting the data to send back to Earth .
The change in the data return pattern has prevented mission managers from decoding science data .
The first changes in the return of data packets from Voyager 2 , which is near the edge of our solar system , appeared on April 22 .
Mission team members have been working to troubleshoot and resume the regular flow of science data .
Because of a planned roll maneuver and moratorium on sending commands , engineers got their first chance to send commands to the spacecraft on April 30 .
It takes nearly 13 hours for signals to reach the spacecraft and nearly 13 hours for signals to come down to NASA 's Deep Space Network on Earth .
Voyager 2 launched on August 20 , 1977 , about two weeks before its twin spacecraft , Voyager 1 .
The two spacecraft are the most distant human - made objects , out at the edge of the heliosphere , the bubble the sun creates around the solar system .
Mission managers expect Voyager 1 to leave our solar system and enter interstellar space in the next five years or so , with Voyager 2 on track to enter interstellar space shortly afterward .
Voyager 1 is in good health and performing normally .
" Voyager 2 's initial mission was a four - year journey to Saturn , but it is still returning data 33 years later , " said Ed Stone , Voyager project scientist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
" It has already given us remarkable views of Uranus and Neptune , planets we had never seen close - up before .
We will know soon what it will take for it to continue its epic journey of discovery . "
The original goals for the two Voyager spacecraft were to explore Jupiter and Saturn .
As part of a mission extension , Voyager 2 also flew by Uranus in 1986 and Neptune in 1989 , taking advantage of a once - in - 176 - year alignment to take a grand tour of the outer planets .
Among its many findings , Voyager 2 discovered Neptune 's Great Dark Spot and 450 - meter - per- second ( 1,000 - mph ) winds .
It also detected geysers erupting from the pinkish - hued nitrogen ice that forms the polar cap of Neptune 's moon Triton .
Working in concert with Voyager 1 , it also helped discover actively erupting volcanoes on Jupiter 's moon
Io , and waves and kinks in Saturn 's icy rings from the tugs of nearby moons .
Voyager 2 is about 13.8 billion kilometers , or 8.6 billion miles , from Earth .
Voyager 1 is about 16.9 billion kilometers ( 10.5 billion miles ) away from Earth .
The Voyagers were built by JPL , which continues to operate both spacecraft .
Caltech manages JPL for NASA .
For more information about the Voyagers , visit : http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/.
The Minerals Resource Rent Tax ( MRRT ) was a tax on profits generated from the mining of non-renewable resources in Australia .
It was a replacement for the ...
I guess it figures that in France , pastry chefs are as decorated as war heroes .
The best of the best are awarded the prestigious MOF -- short for the Meilleurs Ouvriers de France -- a fancy tricolore collar proudly worn by the winners of a grueling three - day pastry - making marathon held once every four years .
The French clearly treat it just as seriously as they do the World Cup .
Somehow two of our finest documentary filmmakers , D.A. Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus , managed to get access to the whole competition , following a trio of MOF aspirants as they prepared for the decathlon of pastry creation , which is held in such high esteem in France that the winners are feted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy himself , who is seen embracing the victors and pronouncing the idea that manual skill is any less valued than intellectual skill as " morally scandalous . "
The result is " Kings of Pastry , " which aired on the BBC earlier this year and is on view Saturday at 7:15 p.m. at the Los Angeles Film Festival .
And I have to say that it 's a total delight , even if you 're like me and do n't have much of a sweet tooth .
The French take their pastry seriously , so we get to watch the chefs -- the main focus is on Jacquy Pfeiffer , founder of the French Pastry School of Chicago -- construct all sorts of elaborate confections , including towering , skyscraper - high cakes and sugar sculptures that look uncannily like Frank Gehry concert halls and museums , except that they 're made out of caramel , cream , butter and raspberry puree .
What makes the film so irresistible is its lighter - than - air tone , which allows us to marvel at the seriousness of the chefs ' craft without losing sight of the inherent absurdity of pastry chefs approaching the design of a cream puff as if they were scientists working on an atom bomb .
Pennebaker ( perhaps best known for his Bob Dylan documentary " Do n't Look Back " ) and Hegedus ( " The War Room " ) are totally unobtrusive , but always on hand for the most dramatic moments , including the spectacular collapse of one of the chef 's sugar sculptures in the midst of the three - day competition , when the clock is ticking and the judges are all hovering , inspecting the details of each chef 's work .
It 's a testament to the gravity of the situation that when the sculpture goes down , the judges seem to shed almost as many tears as the bedraggled contestant .
The filmmakers are also especially alert to the inherent humor in a world where men ( and yes , the chefs and the judges are all men ) display an almost messianic devotion to such an odd , inherently ephemeral art form .
Before the MOF competition is held , the contestants do time trials , like race car drivers , seeing how fast they can prepare an elaborate recipe .
They even talk like they 're at a NASCAR event .
When Pfeiffer is 45 minutes behind after his first 90 minutes of work , his coach glumly explains : " He never ran the race in his head and he went -- poof -- right into the wall . "
It 's also a kick to hear the chefs ' coaches -- MOF winners themselves -- critique all of these absurd looking creations , debating their color schemes and sugar content .
Gravely assessing one of his test recipes , Pfeiffer sighs : " I already know what [ my coach ] will say -- that there is n't enough nougatine . "
I wo n't give away what happens in the final competition , except to say that along with the thrills and spills the finals produce something of a surprise winner .
If you can't make it to the festival screening , make sure you put this film in your Netflix queue .
It 's a marvelous study in just how much pastries can matter to the people who can make them .
In a quiet moment before the competition , Pfeiffer admits that before he goes to sleep at night , he 's constantly nagging his wife to tell him that the MOFs have been canceled so he wo n't have bad dreams about them every night .
Watch for yourself :
Photo from " Kings of Pastry . "
Credit : Pennebaker Hegedus Films .
Father creates iPhone app that gives a ' voice ' to his severely disabled daughter
Ever since his daughter was born with cerebral palsy , Martin Brooks has wished there were an easy way to communicate with her .
For years he and his wife have struggled to understand Mia 's needs by getting her to look at objects or picture cards .
But after buying an iPhone last year , Mr Brooks had an epiphany .
Remembering Apple 's adverts that there are ' apps for everything ' , he decided to put the claim to the test .
Mia has severe cerebral palsy .
Her father has created an iPhone app to help her communicate .
She uses it by pointing her eyes at different pictures on his iPhone
And when he discovered there was nothing that suited his five - year - old daughter 's specific need , he designed his own app - software for the phone that allows users to perform a specific task .
The result is iComm , which allows Mia , who cannot walk , talk or control her movements , to point out pictures of food , toys , activities and other day - to - day themes on the iPhone screen using her eyes .
Importantly , Mr Brooks and his wife Sarah Phelan , both 42 , can upload their own photos so that the system can be easily customised to Mia 's needs and their daughter can feature in the images to aid familiarity .
The couple can also use recordings of their voices to announce what has been selected on screen to complete the personal touch .
The software has been downloaded by more than 1,300 people since it was made available on Apple 's app store in March and Mr Brooks , of St Albans , Hertfordshire , has received messages from parents around the world saying how grateful they are at the freedom of expression it gives their children .
' It has given her a voice for the first time and allowed us to understand her so much better , ' he said .
' Mia is cognitively alert but unable to communicate and I was afraid that as she grew she was not going to be able to tell us what she wanted .
' I had a very strong concept in my head .
I wanted to create an iPhone app to take Mia 's eye - pointing to the next level .
' Mia finds it engaging that she can see pictures of herself doing an activity which gives her a greater sense of choice and loves seeing pictures of her friends and family .
' Also it 's given us a form of reciprocal communication .
Now I can ask her what she has been doing and she can reply .
It 's allowed Mia to become much more sociable .
' Another great thing about the iPhone is that it 's portable , so we can use it when Mia is out and about . '
Mia developed her severe disability after she was deprived of oxygen at birth .
Her mother acts as her full - time carer .
Although looking at picture cards and objects allowed her to articulate her needs , the process was slow , inaccurate and frustrating .
Martin Brooks created the iComm app that can be bought from Apple iTunes
So when Mr Brooks , who runs a communication training company , bought an iPhone last August he was inspired by the ' apps for everything ' slogan and the handset 's easy - to - use colourful controls .
' I started looking at Apple 's app store .
But where was the app for Mia ?
I could n't find one but I was sure I could design one that would allow her to communicate more with us , ' he said .
He spent nine months developing a system with Bappz , a firm which creates apps , before iComm was ready for the market .
The system works by displaying four panels on the screen at a time , such as basic needs , activities , food and toys .
Other options can be scrolled into view by swiping a finger across the screen .
If Mia , who goes to an infant school , is hungry she looks at the panel showing food and her father taps it to bring up more specific choices including her favourites - blueberries , cream cheese , crisps and yoghurt .
Although created for children with difficulties communicating caused by conditions such as Mia 's or autism , the software appears to have found a use with babies as well .
' People pointed out to me that children of nine or ten months could also benefit , ' Mr Brooks said .
' The application can be used by anyone who wants to communicate but cannot verbalise what they want . '
A basic version of iComm , which also works on the iPad , is free to download from the Apple store .
The full version , which is usually £ 15.99 , is currently available for £ 1.79 .
The Apple store contains hundreds of thousands of apps including remote controls for household appliances , GPS devices , live webcams and games .
More information on the iComm and iSpy Phonics can be found at www.miasapps.com
Mrs McGuire fell asleep on a late - night United Express flight from Washington , DC , to Philadelphia .
She failed to wake up after the 50 - passenger plane touched down at 12:27 am local time and everyone else disembarked .
This is an attempt to recre­ate our sol­ar sys­tem using CSS3 fea­tures such as bor­der - radi­us , trans­forms and anim­a­tions .
The res­ult is sur­pris­ing and quite inter­est­ing .
These past few months I ’ve been explor­ing CSS3 , try­ing to learn some of it ’s new fea­tures and get­ting a feel for which browsers sup­port it .
A few weeks back I put out my first exper­i­ment explor­ing @font - face and trans­forms .
This time , I set out to exper­i­ment with bor­der - radi­us , and what I thought was going to be a bor­ing little pro­ject turned out to be quite inter­est­ing .
Our Sol­ar Sys­tem in Mod­ern Browsers
Take a look for your­self , using only CSS and HTML I man­aged to cre­ate a small sim­u­la­tion of our sol­ar sys­tem .
For a bet­ter exper­i­ence please view it on Safari , under chrome the anim­a­tions lag for some reas­on .
The Details
Orbits and plan­ets are all cre­ated using bor­der - radi­us , while the anim­a­tion is done via ‑web­kit anim­a­tion prop­er­ties and trans­form .
Below are examples of the code used .
bor­der - radi­us
ul.solarsystem li.sun { width : 40 px ; height : 40 px ; - webkit - border - radius : 20 px ; - moz - border - radius : 20 px ; border - radius : 20 px ; }
Anim­a­tions & Trans­forms
ul.solarsystem li { - webkit-animation-iteration-count:infinite ; -webkit-animation-timing-function:linear ; -webkit-animation-name:orbit ; } ul.solarsystem li.earth span { - webkit-animation - iteration - count : infinite ; -webkit-animation-timing-function:linear ; -webkit-animation-name:moon ; } ul.solarsystem li.mercury {-webkit-animation-duration:5s;} ul.solarsystem li.venus {-webkit-animation-duration:8s;} ul.solarsystem li.earth {-webkit-animation-duration:12s;} ul.solarsystem li.earth span {- webkit-animation - duration : 2s;} ul.solarsystem li.mars {-webkit-animation-duration:20s;} ul.solarsystem li.asteroids_meteorids {-webkit-animation-duration:50s;} ul.solarsystem li.jupiter {-webkit-animation-duration:30s;} ul.solarsystem li.saturn {-webkit-animation-duration:60s;} ul.solarsystem li.uranus {-webkit-animation-duration:70s;} ul.solarsystem li.neptune {-webkit-animation-duration:100s;} ul.solarsystem li.pluto {-webkit-animation-duration :120s;} @ - webkit - keyframes orbit { from { - webkit - transform:rotate ( 0deg ) } to { - webkit - transform: rotate ( 360deg ) } }
Anim­a­tions and trans­itions will only work on ‑web­kit browsers , oth­er mod­ern browsers will dis­play a stat­ic ver­sion of the sol­ar sys­tem rendered using bor­der - radi­us , with the excep­tion of IE of course .
Inter­net Explorer­ ’s Par­al­lel Flat Uni­verse :
Yep , in the eyes of Inter­net Explorer our uni­verse is flat and bor­ing .
So there you have it , I think it ’s pretty impress­ive what we can accom­plish with a few lines of CSS these days .
Oh , and yes … I kept Pluto ;-)
Image caption More sociable : but the BBC says it will not be building its own social network
The BBC iPlayer has launched a trial service inviting users to share favourite programmes via social networks such as Facebook and Twitter .
People can now choose to log -on to the revamped video player , allowing them to personalise the service and see recommendations based on prior viewing .
It will also aggregate content from other broadcasters including Channel 4 .
Users will also soon be able to chat using Microsoft 's Messenger service while watching live TV streams .
" We spent more time designing [ the new interface ] than building it , " said the BBC's Anthony Rose , chief technology officer for Project Canvas , a new online broadcast initiative currently under development .
" It 's a complete social ecosystem . "
Mr Rose also addressed complaints about dips in the streaming quality sometimes experienced by viewers .
A new " adaptive bit- rate system " will continually adjust video to changes in individual broadband connections , he said .
This means that the quality should adapt more quickly when the connection is slower and improve as it gets faster .
Slow start
The new personalisation features relies on a log - in using the same credentials people already use around the BBC website , including commenting on blog posts , added Mr Rose .
This log - in can be linked with Twitter and Facebook so that friends on those networks can see what they are watching or listening to .
Later in the year the BBC iPlayer will begin to take data feeds from other catch - up services including 4OD , Demand Five , ITV Player and SeeSaw as well as Welsh broadcasters S4C and Clic .
However , it will not feature content from the Sky Player , as the broadcaster had not responded to an invitation to take part .
The feature means that if a person searches the service for a non-BBC programme they will be directed to the site where it appears , unless it is only available on Sky .
The trial launch marks its third regeneration since the BBC iPlayer service first launched in December 2007 .
" It was unproven content - I used to come in to look at the stats and do a high five when we hit 20 downloads , " recalled Erik Huggers , director of Future , Media and Technology at the BBC .
The service is now available on 25 devices but the majority of users still access it via a computer .
In April this year 88 million page requests came from computers , 20 m via Virgin Media , 6 m from mobiles , 5 m from PlayStation 3 consoles and 4 m from the Nintendo Wii channel .
In today 's world there are many questions about homosexuality , gay , lesbian , transgender , and queer , as it relates to Christianity .
So , it is important that we Christians have rational and reasoned discussions about what the Bible does and does not say about homosexuality .
To that end , CARM has produced a section on homosexuality that we believe answers many of the core questions about homosexuality in a way that is true to the biblical text .
Introduction
Answering Objections and Questions
Articles
Homosexuality and Bible Verses
Homosexuality and the Church
Homosexuality , Gay Marriage , and Society
Polemics
Statistics
Best places to watch - A World Cup pub crawl might start here , and it might last all month .
Some of these defections have been hard to miss .
In December , more than 10 players from the Eritrean national soccer team absconded to Kenya during a tournament .
In 2004 , some Eritrean refugees being sent home from Libya were so desperate not to return that they hijacked the plane .
Many never make it out .
One of Mr. Awet ’s friends recently won a four - year , $ 200,000 scholarship to a prestigious American university .
“ He should have been sent out with a garland of flowers , ” said the boy ’s father , with tears in his eyes .
Instead , the boy was arrested trying to defect in time to register for classes .
He was drafted into the military and deployed near Eritrea ’s southern border , one of the hottest places on earth .
Image Many young Eritreans complain of being chained to government jobs in Asmara .
Credit ... Shawn Baldwin for The New York Times
Mr. Awet was lucky .
Dressed in an extra , extra large gallebeyah ( a long flowing gown common in the Muslim world ) , he sneaked through Sudan and then on to Kenya and Dubai .
He is now camped out in the basement of an American family ’s home here , doing push - ups , working on his jump shot , playing on a Wii set with the family ’s children and trying to get into an American college or prep school .
A big reason why he has gotten this far is Matthew Smith , a gregarious , athletic American diplomat who befriended Mr. Awet a couple years ago on a basketball court in Asmara , Eritrea ’s capital , where Mr. Smith was working .
Mr. Smith was impressed by the young man ’s game , but more than that , he was moved by Mr. Awet ’s burning ambition to break out of his hermetically sealed world .
“ He wanted more , and I could relate to that , ” said Mr. Smith , whose father was a taxi driver in Brooklyn .
“ Who would ’ve ever thought the kid of a cabbie and nanny could be a diplomat ? ”
May 6 , 2010 ( Burbank , CA ) — Summer just got a lot scarier on The CW .
The network will air the acclaimed drama MOONLIGHT on Thursday nights beginning June 3 .
MOONLIGHT will air from 9:00 - 10:00 p.m. ET , following encore episodes of the first season of the The CW ’s hit drama , THE VAMPIRE DIARIES .
On MOONLIGHT , Mick St. John ( Alex O’Loughlin ) is a captivating , charming and immortal private investigator from Los Angeles , who defies the traditional blood - sucking norms of his vampire tendencies by using his wit and powerful supernatural abilities to help the living .
In a life - altering twist of fate , Mick was “ bitten ” 60 years ago by his new bride , the seductive Coraline ( Shannyn Sossamon ) .
Forever 30 years of age , Mick ’s as handsome and charismatic as the day he was “ turned , ” and he eschews others of his kind who view humans only as a source of nourishment .
With only a handful of like - minded confidantes for company , including the eternally young , wealthy and mischievous Josef ( Jason Dohring ) , a hedge fund trader who relishes his uniqueness , Mick fills his infinite days protecting the living .
One night years ago , a single act of kindness changed Mick when he saved a young girl ’s life , making him want to be a better vampire .
Now their paths cross again and Mick develops a distinctive bond with Beth Turner ( Sophia Myles ) , who has grown into a beautiful , ambitious internet investigative reporter .
Reconnecting with her unleashes feelings
Mick knows he can’t pursue without exposing that part of him that would make him a monster in Beth ’s eyes .
As Mick lives between two realities , fighting his adversaries among the undead and falling in love , he discovers the mysteries and pleasures that a valuable life has to offer .
Follow The CW on Twitter : @CW_network
Programming is a bit of mystery to people .
It breeds a lot of distrust in an organization .
In general , when you do n’t understand what it takes to make something , anything seems plausible .
You might think a house can be built in couple of weeks if you ’ve never gone through the process .
In truth they probably could finish construction in that time , but not as a sustainable business .
If you watch a house being built and track the progress , you can physically see the foundation being poured , the framing of the structure and so on .
It ’s easy to understand because you physically see it .
Writing code for a computer application or a Web site is n’t so apparent .
Code is invisible to everyone but the programmer .
It ’s like the magic that takes place behind the curtain .
Any team has to just trust a programmer about what is and what is n’t doable .
The best course of action , estimates , and progress updates are all subject to the programmer ’s opinion .
There ’s plenty of Type A personalities that have trouble with this , but it goes deeper .
First issues arise when a client decides what they want and when they need it by .
Sales people want to sell .
Telling the client they have unreal expectations does n’t close sales .
And holy shit , is that a recipe for disaster .
I have seen account service cut estimates in half and move money around to accommodate their sale and their commission .
At the end of the day it looks like the programmers are screwing up .
They do it because it ’s easy to blame the programmers .
They do n’t teach office politics in school .
They should , but that ’s a different story all together .
A programmer has to be quietly focused doing mental gymnastics to produce clean working code .
It ’s difficult and takes all your energy .
There ’s no time to run around to see whose throwing you under the bus .
The games account service plays have consequences .
At a previous agency I worked at , I saw a 7 figure project go down in flames .
Who caused the problem ?
Was it the group of industry leading programmers who worked 70 plus hour weeks to accommodate the client ’s arbitrary schedule or was it the account service people who agreed to everything the client asked .
I do n’t want to say programmers never cause issues .
If you have ever seen the TV show Seconds From Disaster , catastrophic problems arise from a mix of people not doing their jobs .
But , I did see the programmers doing their work .
Not sure what everyone else was doing .
So what did the agency think ?
They laid off ( fired ) every one of those programmers .
All the account service however , still works there .
After that demoralizing death march , no one wanted to be there anyway .
The programmer ’s path to hell is paved with the word yes .
In order to police their own world they have to be vigilant about what is feasible .
Being analytical , they usually put a lot of effort into an estimate .
From what I have seen , it ’s usually more effort than most put forth because they ’re adept at thinking through multiple scenarios .
Unfortunately , I have seen good estimates ignored or challenged .
The more realistic they are , the more it is scrutinized from some reason .
It ’s tough going back to the client with a set of realistic expectations .
It makes closing far more difficult .
You run the risk of someone else agreeing to the work ( who will fail ) .
But the programmer ’s job is n’t any less difficult .
Actually , they are the one group of people who are capable of understanding all of it .
They know the code and they know the business problem .
They may not be good at managing clients , but they certainly can understand what ’s going on .
Trust your programmers .
They are not only engineers and craftsmen , but businessmen as well .
They will know from experience what happens to client relationships when someone makes promises no one can keep .
Top Justice Department officials have drafted a legal challenge asserting that Arizona ’s controversial immigration law is unconstitutional because it impinges on the federal government ’s authority to police the nation ’s borders , sources said Wednesday .
At the same time , the government officials said , the department ’s civil rights section is considering possible legal action against the law on the basis that it amounts to racial profiling of Latinos who are legally in Arizona but conceivably could be asked to provide documents proving their citizenship .
U.S. Atty . Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. met Wednesday with nine top police chiefs who object to the Arizona legislation and promised them he would act on the recommendations soon , a spokesman said .
The police chiefs urged Holder and the Obama administration , which has grave reservations about the Arizona measure , to stop the law .
The chiefs said it would seriously hamper local police work if officers had to serve as border patrol policemen .
FOR THE RECORD :
An earlier version of this report said that Jack Harris , Phoenix police chief , attended the meeting .
He was not able to attend .
“ He did say that the Justice Department is seriously considering what they would do and that could come very soon , ” said Chuck Wexler , the director of the Police Executive Research Forum , a think tank that helped bring the police chiefs together with Holder .
Echoing concerns from Obama and Holder , the chiefs told the attorney general during the closed - door meeting that the problem with the Arizona law is that it will break down trust between victims and witnesses of crimes and the police officers in their communities .
One of the attendees was Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck , who said afterward that he told Holder that “ legislation like this inhibits us from doing our jobs ” and would deter immigrants from reporting crimes , either as victims or witnesses .
“ The fear of the police already inhibits immigrants from coming forward to a certain extent , ” Beck said .
“ But if you add this , you increase the reluctance tenfold .
“ People should remember that undocumented immigrants are witnesses in all kinds of crime , and this does not just affect them .
If people do n’t come forward to help the police solve and protect against crime , no matter what their status , then we are doomed to failure .
It threatens to destroy a lot of the work that has been done . ”
Beck added that his officers are guided by a different set of rules than those laid out in the Arizona law .
For more than three decades , he said , the agency has followed a policy that prohibits officers from initiating contact with someone solely to determine whether he or she is in the country legally .
But an additional dozen or more states are considering passing legislation mirroring the Arizona law , which is to go into effect in July .
That groundswell of support for the Arizona law is part of what is pushing Holder and the White House to act swiftly if they decide they want to strike down the measure in Arizona .
The new Arizona law requires police to determine the immigration status of anyone they stop and suspect is in the country illegally .
It also makes it a state crime to lack proper immigration papers in Arizona .
Matthew Miller , the Department of Justice ’s chief spokesman , acknowledged that Holder had told the police chiefs that a decision on federal action would come quickly .
But Miller also cautioned that “ the review is still on . ”
“ There ’s really not been any decisions yet , ” he said .
“ We ’re still working on it , and it ’s still being discussed internally . ”
He declined to discuss what legal strategy the department would pursue .
Nevertheless , Miller said that the meeting with the police chiefs was very helpful .
“ The attorney general thought the police chiefs raised important concerns about the impact the Arizona law will have on the ability of law enforcement to keep communities safe , ” he said .
Two of the chiefs meeting with Holder are from Arizona : Roberto Villasenor of Tucson and John W. Harris of Sahuarita , who also serves as president of the Arizona Assn. of Chiefs of Police .
“ The attorney general asked us very specific , good questions about our experiences — all the things we ’ve heard — to get a good reading on the ground , ” Wexler said .
“ Beyond that he did not give us any indication of what the Justice Department is going to do .
“ We were not trying to influence the attorney general as much as to have a conversation with him about our concerns and also get the [ Obama administration ] focused on the need for national legislation . ”
“ The U.S. attorney general listened to us — we had a great conversation — but he was not committal , ” the Los Angeles chief said .
“ His task is to announce his plans to the American people , not necessarily to this group .
I think that we influenced him , but we will see . ”
Despite the opposition to the law from Obama and Holder , many Americans support it ; some polls indicate that as many as 70 % are in favor of giving local police the authority to check on someone ’s legal status in the United States .
Likewise , not all top U.S. police officials are against the law .
Even in Arizona , some wholeheartedly support it .
They include Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio in the Phoenix area , who has long railed against the influx of illegal immigrants there , and Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu , head of the Arizona Sheriff ’s Assn .
richard.serrano@latimes.com
kate.linthicum@latimes.com
Serrano reported from Washington and Linthicum from Los Angeles .
It 's quite something to behold , the Tory press in full blood .
Not since 1992 , and its concerted assault on Neil Kinnock , have the rightwing newspapers joined together in such a sustained and undisguised attempt to destroy a figure in British public life .
If anything the sight is more breathtaking this time , with the front pages of today 's Mail , Telegraph , Sun and Express all training their firepower on Nick Clegg .
While the 1992 operation to destroy Kinnock was the culmination of nearly a decade of warfare against the then Labour leader , the " Get Clegg " offensive has been assembled in a matter of days .
At first glance , you 'd assume such an onslaught would prove lethal to the Liberal Democrats .
How can they survive their leader being outed as soft on immigration , a wobbler on Afghanistan , a quasi - foreigner guilty of a " Nazi slur on Britain " and a recipient of dodgy cash ?
The answer is that these charges are bound to do some damage , taking the shine off the gleaming image Clegg constructed in last week 's TV debate .
Those voters drawn to the Lib Dem leader as a wholly unsullied outsider will be disappointed to discover that he once worked as a lobbyist for the Royal Bank of Scotland and that he claimed his full ration of second - home expenses , including for a cake pan and the pruning of his plum trees .
It will be especially harmful if any of these topics are followed up and form the basis of questions to Clegg in tonight 's second TV debate .
But the damage might not be as devastating as the Telegraph , Mail and co hope .
For one thing , the ferocity of their attack is a kind of compliment to Clegg – a sign that these papers , which used to mock the Lib Dems as lentil - munchers on the fringes , now take the party seriously .
" Welcome to first - division football , Mr Clegg " as the Mail 's Quentin Letts put it on a radio discussion today .
Second , the collective Fleet Street broadside paradoxically confirms much that Clegg has argued .
It suggests a degree of panic , as if the Lib Dem leader really does pose a threat to the status quo : why else would the entire Tory establishment be so determined to destroy him ?
Clegg says the old political system is rotten – and , as if to vindicate his words , the old political system , in the form of the national press , rises up to strike him down .
Earlier this week the former Sun editor , David Yelland , described the extent to which the Murdoch papers and others are deeply invested in a Cameron victory and are trembling at the prospect of a political force in Britain that they do n't control .
Some may have thought that a conspiracy theory too far – until they saw today 's clutch of front pages .
Clegg might also be saved too much harm by the changing nature of the media and of readers themselves .
Maybe there was a time when readers would have taken a story like the Telegraph splash – with its banner headline evocative of a 9/11 type catastrophe – at face value .
But now they can see what the papers are up to – and they can respond .
Twitter has been the site of instant mockery , with a hashtag #nickcleggsfault , running a string of ironic gags in which the Lib Dem is blamed for every conceivable ill , from missed penalties in Euro 96 to a stubbed toe .
The papers have struck hard today but they may have over - reached .
If the Lib Dems do as well on 6 May as the current polls suggest , it will not just be Labour and the Conservatives that will look diminished .
The limits of the influence of the Tory press will have been exposed too .
Fifty - two people were killed by the 7 July suicide bombers Inquests into the deaths of 52 people killed in the 7/7 bombings will examine the alleged failings of MI5 in the run-up to the attacks , a coroner has ruled .
Lady Justice Hallett told the Royal Courts of Justice it was still possible to investigate what security services knew before the 2005 London attacks .
She also ruled the inquests of the four bombers would not be heard at the same time as those of the victims .
Victims ' families said they hoped they would finally find out what happened .
Bereaved relatives have long campaigned for the inquests to investigate whether the attacks could have been prevented after it was revealed two of the bombers had cropped up in a surveillance operation more than a year before .
There is hope that finally the question , could 7 July have been prevented , might be answered
Solicitor Clifford Tibber
7/7 inquests : Q&A In Depth : London attacks
They also want to know if there were any failings in the emergency response that followed .
Clifford Tibber , from the firm of solicitors representing many relatives , told a news conference the coroner 's decision had sparked mixed feelings among relatives .
There was disappointment that the legal process had taken so long but also optimism that they would now learn " what actually happened to their loved ones " , he said .
" There is a hope that if the response of the emergency services did in any way fail those who needed treatment , that lessons will have been learnt from those failings and that appropriate measures will be put in place in future to ensure it does not happen again .
" There is hope that finally the question , could 7 July have been prevented , might be answered , " he added .
However , Mr Tibber did not rule out calling for a further public inquiry .
Prime Minister David Cameron asked questions about whether an inquiry would be held while in opposition and his deputy Nick Clegg had previously called for a full public inquiry , he added .
' Faith in coroner '
Fifty - two people died when suicide bombers struck aboard Tube trains near Edgware Road , King 's Cross and Aldgate and on the number 30 bus at Tavistock Square , all in central London .
Janine Mitchell , whose husband Paul survived the King 's Cross explosion , said she hoped the inquests would be a chance to finally learn about the role of the security services ahead of the attacks .
" We do not know what went on and we are relieved that someone independent of government is going to examine what happened , " she told the news conference .
Again we have be shunted aside by officialdom
Survivor Jacqui Putnam
" We put all our faith in the coroner to do that , so if anything did go wrong it can be fixed . "
Ros Morley , whose husband Colin was killed in the bombings , welcomed the ruling not to hold the bombers ' inquests at the same time as those of their victims .
" It is absolutely the right decision , " she said .
However , there was disappointment among the survivors after Lady Hallett confirmed that although she would give victims ' relatives and the emergency services " interested persons " status , survivors would not receive the same right to question witnesses .
Jacqui Putnam , a survivor of the Edgware Road bombing , said she feared the coroner 's decision would deny her and fellow survivors a proper voice .
" Our role now will be one of answering questions only - which we will do willingly , but our questions are not going to be answered unless they are asked by someone else who is one of the bereaved , " she said .
" Again we have be shunted aside by officialdom . "
No jury Lady Hallett earlier explained in court that the inquests into the 52 deaths , which will be heard without a jury , would include the " alleged intelligence failings and the immediate aftermath of the bombings " .
" To my mind it is not too remote to investigate what was known in the year or two before the alleged bombings , " she said .
" Plots of this kind are not developed overnight . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Many of the bereaved families want to find out why the security service did not follow up the bombers ' ringleader Mohammad Sidique Khan after he was witnessed meeting a known terror suspect 17 months before the attacks .
However , lawyers for MI5 have argued this evidence would give al - Qaeda an " invaluable weapon " and should not be disclosed .
Lady Hallett said that sitting without a jury would mean such sensitive intelligence material could be " more effectively examined " , but she added that the secret nature of the evidence might limit the extent to which the issue could be explored .
Khan , 30 , from Dewsbury , near Leeds , carried out the attacks with three other suicide bombers .
The 7/7 inquests are expected to begin in October at London 's Royal Courts of Justice .
They have been delayed by court cases connected to the bombings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
When the pill came out in 1960 , women got to take charge of their own bodies in a new way :
They did n't have to rely on men to prevent pregnancy .
Fifty years later , women have all kinds of pills and devices to fit their birth control needs .
But while they have the freedom to choose what method works best for them , they are still the ones altering their own bodies for the sake of safer sex .
They are the ones taking daily medications or wearing small hormone - releasing gadgets that doctors demonstrate with scary - looking diagrams .
Where 's the prescription for men ?
It turns out that scientists around the world are working on more options for men and women to assist with preventing pregnancy ; some promising methods are in clinical trials and could fill in some of the gaps in the current contraceptive marketplace .
For the men
" The joke in the field is :
The male pill 's been five to 10 years away for the last 30 years , " said Dr. John Amory , researcher at the University of Washington .
Researchers have been promising a male hormonal contraceptive option for a long time , but there are good reasons why it 's so hard to get that technology right .
While women make one egg a month , men produce about 1,000 sperm every second , Amory said .
" It proves more difficult to shut down that level of production , " he said .
The female pill uses hormones to prevent ovulation , turning off egg production as if she has already ovulated that month .
But men do n't have periods where they naturally turn off sperm production , so it 's harder to get them into that state , he said .
Opinion : What ' The Pill ' did
The male hormonal methods in progress uses a combination of testosterone and progestin , which turn off signals from the brain to the testes .
Approximately 3,000 men have been enrolled across more than 30 studies on the topic over the last 30 years .
About two - thirds of men who have had hormone injections suppress sperm production totally , and in 90 percent overall , it 's very low .
For the remaining 10 percent , however , it does not adequately protect against possible pregnancy .
But a large study on more than 1,000 men in China , published in 2009 in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism , showed more than 95 percent efficacy for hormonal injections in men .
Men received the injections and relied on them as the sole method of contraception ; researchers looked at whether the couples got pregnant .
It 's unclear why hormonal contraceptives appear to work better in men in China than in the United States , he said .
" It 's something to do presumably with the genetics of the Chinese , " Amory said .
The regulatory agencies have not approved this method in China , he said .
Male contraceptive gels and injections are farther along than the pill in clinical trials because they 're easier to dose , Amory said .
The gel , in phase 2 trials looking at efficacy , absorbs across the skin of the arm , chest or upper back , akin to putting on sunscreen , he said .
Phase 3 would be large - scale trials .
" It could be very effective in preventing pregnancy , but if there is n't a clear market for it , companies understandably are a little reluctant to invest heavily in it , " said Andrea Tone , professor of history at McGill University in Montreal , Canada .
Tone has written extensively about the history of contraceptives .
One concern is some women do n't trust men to use hormonal contraceptives .
They say they would have to watch their partners take the pill in order to trust them , Tone said .
" The male pill sets up possibility for conflict that the female pill does n't , " she said .
Still , a study in 2000 led by Anna Glasier in the journal Human Reproduction found that most women would trust their male partners to take a pill .
Researchers surveyed nearly 1,900 women in Hong Kong , China , Scotland and South Africa , and they found that only 2 percent -- or 36 women -- would not trust partners to use the male pill .
" This survey should dispel the myth that women would not trust their partners to use a ' male pill ' reliably and illustrates the potential market for the method , " the authors wrote .
Researchers are also working on an at - home sperm count test , similar to a pregnancy test , so that men ( and their female partners ) would be able to see that the hormonal contraception is working , Amory said .
There has also been talk of a spray - on condom , which began testing in 2007 .
It works by spraying liquid latex over the penis , ensuring a perfect fit .
The challenge , however , is getting the latex to dry fast enough .
Read more from Time.com
For the women
Today , women can get a vaginal ring , called the NuvaRing , that the pelvic floor muscles hold in place for three weeks .
The hormones estrogen and progestin prevent the ovaries from producing mature eggs .
Research from the Population Council , a nonprofit organization , is looking at a slightly bigger ring that could be left in place for a year .
This would be especially useful in the developing world , where access to birth control is an issue , said Dr. Melissa Gilliam , chief of the section of family planning at the University of Chicago Medical Center , who is working on this research .
The kind of progestin used in this yearlong ring is new and is not orally active , she said .
Breastfeeding mothers would not have to worry about the hormones passing into breast milk .
Phase 3 clinical trials have just been completed , meaning the product could become widely available in the next few years , she said .
Another female birth control innovation in the works is an emergency contraceptive pill specifically designed for women who have infrequent sex .
" Instead of being on a birth control for an entire month , it would almost be like replacing a condom , " she said .
Of course , condoms help prevent sexually transmitted diseases , while hormonal methods do not , she pointed out .
Many women stop their current birth control pill because of concerns about side effects , which may include intermittent bleeding , headaches and nausea .
But those who take it on - again , off - again are the most likely to have these negative effects , she said .
The emergency contraceptive that 's being talked about now would be ideal for those women who do n't want to be on birth control full - time , as long as they do n't have frequent sex , she said .
There are a variety of birth control pill options available now for women who need to reduce menstrual cramps or treat acne ; others are designed for women who can't take estrogen .
The pills of 2010 contain fewer hormones than 50 years ago and come in different doses .
The Food and Drug Administration approved a new pill , Natazia , on Thursday that is the first " four - phasic " oral contraceptive marketed in the United States .
That means the doses of progestin and estrogen vary at four times in each 28 - day treatment cycle .
There 's still more work to be done on improving hormonal contraception already on the market .
A recent study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine found that women taking non-oral and oral hormonal contraceptives had a higher risk of female sexual dysfunction .
More research is needed to determine whether different amounts of estrogen and progestin affect this negative consequence of hormonal contraception .
Advisory services
Whether you are a seasoned contractor or just embarking on a consulting career , we will personally consult you in understanding the nuances of being an Independent Professional .
Flexibility
Our structure positions us perfectly to be responsive .
Regardless of country , currency , or tax border - we adapt to your changing circumstances , and ultimately maximise your earning potential .
The number of foreigners and Japanese nationals who write about the food and drinks in Japan in English ( or at least answer comments in English ) has remarkably increased lately .
I thought it was about time to start some kind of round - up to help people discover these deserving foodies and their blogs !
The list below is far from exhaustive , but I ’m planning to update and announce it regularly !
Of course if you know more foodies residing in Japan , do please direct them to me and I will introduce them gladly !
HOKKAIDO TRIBE
( Hokkaido Island )
Meishu no Yutaka by Carlin
TOHOKU TRIBE
( Northeastern Japan : Aomori , Iwate , Miyagi , Akita , Yamagata , Fukushima )
Slow Food From Japan by Nigel Fodgen in Miyagi Prefecture .
KANTO TRIBE
( Eastern Japan : Ibaraki , Tochigi , Gunma , Saitama , Chiba , Tokyo , Kanagawa )
Tokyo Through The Drinking Glass by Melinda Joe in Tokyo
Tokyo Foodcast by Etsuko Nakamura in Tokyo
Tokyo Terrace by Rachael in Tokyo
Gaijin Tonic in Tokyo and Kanagawa Prefecture
Nonjatta by Chris Bunting in Tokyo : all about Japanese whisky !
The Soul Of Japan in Kanagawa Prefecture
Sake , kimono and Tabi In Tokyo
Tokyo Kawai , Etc… in Tokyo
Blue Lotus in Tokyo
The Japanese Food Report by Harris Salat in Tokyo
The Sake Chronicles in Tokyo
Watashi to Tokyo by Mari kanazawa in Tokyo
Japanese Food - Food Lover ’s Guide by Yukari Yamamoto in Tokyo
Yamaonna by an Aussie girl in Tokyo but also other regions !
About Food in Japan by a Japanese Tokyoite !
Go Ramen in Tokyo
Ramenate by Nate in Tokyo
Ramen Adventures in Tokyo and Japan
Ramen Tokyo in Tokyo
Ando Ryokan Blog in Tokyo
Leo ’s Japan Food Blog in Tokyo
CHUBU TRIBE
( Central Japan : Niigata , Toyama , Ishikawa , Fukui , Yamanashi , Nagano , Gifu , Shizuoka , Aichi )
Good Beer & Country Boys in Aichi Prefecture
Yellin Yakimono Gallery by Robert Yellin in Shizuoka Prefecture
Mangantayon by Marya in Shizuoka Prefecture
Shizuoka Gourmet , Shizuoka Sake , Shizuoka Sushi , Shizuoka Shochu all in Shizuoka Prefecture
Bryan Baird ’s Beer & Brewery in Numazu in Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture
KANSAI TRIBE
( Western Japan : Mie , Shiga , Kyoto , Osaka , Hyogo , Nara , Kyoto , Wakayama )
Colorfood Daidokoro in Osaka ( Englis & French )
Dominique Corby In Osaka ( in French , but can answer and read in English )
Nagaijin in Osaka
Kyoto Foodie in Kyoto
Our Adventures in Japan by K and S Minoo in Osaka
Japan Navigator by Ad Blankestijn in Kyoto .
CHUGOKU
( “ Central Country ” : Tottori , Shimane , Okayama , Hiroshima , Yamaguchi )
Get Hiroshima Blog in Hiroshima
SHIKOKU
( Shikoku Island : Kagawa , Kochi , Ehime , Tokushima )
Obachan ’s Kitchen & Garden Balcony in Kochi Prefecture
Still Clumsy With Chopsticks in Kochi Prefecture ( Continuation of Obachan ’s Kitchen & Garden Balcony )
Fukuoka Dreaming in Fukuoka prefecture
KYUSHU
( Kyushu Island : Fukuoka , Nagasaki , Saga , Kumamoto , Miyazaki , Kagoshima )
Fukuoka Dreaming in Fukuoka
OKINAWA
( Okinawa Archipelago )
HWN Pake in Okinawa in Chatan , Okinawa
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Perhaps the most startling aspect of the Supreme Court opinions in McDonald v. Chicago was the dissenters ’ assault on District of Columbia v. Heller .
Not only did Justice Stephen G. Breyer vote against extending the Second Amendment to state and local governments , he also argued forcefully and at length for overturning Heller and , therefore , for turning the Second Amendment into a practical nullity .
Ominously , Justice Sonia Sotomayor joined the Breyer dissent - contradicting what she told the U.S. Senate and the American people last summer .
Regarding the key issue in McDonald - whether the 14th Amendment makes the Second Amendment enforceable against state and local governments - Justice Sotomayor resolutely refused to tell the senators how she might vote .
So in voting against incorporating the Second Amendment , Justice Sotomayor was not inconsistent with what she had told the Senate .
But regarding Heller , her actions as a justice broke her promises from last summer .
The Breyer - Sotomayor - Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissent urged that Heller be overruled and declared , “ In sum , the Framers did not write the Second Amendment in order to protect a private right of armed self defense . ”
Contrast that with her Senate testimony : “ I understand the individual right fully that the Supreme Court recognized in Heller . ”
And , “ I understand how important the right to bear arms is to many , many Americans . ”
Yet her McDonald opinion shows her “ understanding ” that those many , many Americans are completely wrong to think they have a meaningful individual right .
To the Senate Judiciary Committee , Justice Sotomayor repeatedly averred that Heller is “ settled law . ”
The Associated Press reported that Sen. Mark Udall , Colorado Democrat , “ said Sotomayor told him during a private meeting that she considers the 2008 ruling that struck down a Washington , D.C. , handgun ban as settled law that would guide her decisions in future cases . ”
So by “ settled , ” she apparently meant “ not settled ; should be overturned immediately . ”
In the McDonald case , the Breyer - Sotomayor - Ginsburg dissent recapitulated various arguments that had been made in Heller by the dissenting justices .
The dissenters also said Heller should be overturned because some law - review articles had criticized Heller .
If criticism by a handful of law - review articles were the criterion for overturning a precedent , almost every major Supreme Court precedent would be overruled .
Besides , there also are plenty of law - journal articles that praise Heller and point out serious logical and historical errors that the anti-Second Amendment dissenters made in Heller .
Another argument that Breyer - Sotomayor - Ginsburg made for getting rid of Heller pointed to a McDonald amicus brief by some legal historians .
That brief discussed the 1689 English Declaration of Rights , which was enacted by Parliament after the despotic Stuart monarchs were ousted in the Glorious Revolution .
The Declaration guaranteed “ [t ] hat the subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence suitable to their conditions and as allowed by law . ”
This guarantee was an ancestor of the Second Amendment .
According to the historians , the declaration did n’t actually mean that Protestants ( 98 percent of the population ) could have arms for their defense .
It meant that Parliament could arm the militia .
Those English parliamentarians apparently had great difficulty in straightforwardly expressing what they meant , as they forgot to say “ Parliament ” and “ militia ” in their new law about Parliament arming the militia .
It ’s a creative argument , but it ’s not new .
The same theory had been presented to the court in the Heller case .
Justices Breyer and Ginsburg should be free to rail against Heller all they want .
They never promised anyone that they considered Heller to be “ settled law . ”
To get confirmed to the court , they never touted their understanding of “ how important the right to bear arms is to many , many Americans . ”
Sonia Sotomayor , however , promised to do one thing and then did the opposite .
The Sotomayor switcheroo highlights the necessity for the Senate to conduct a serious inquiry into Solicitor General Elena Kagan ’s views on the Second Amendment .
Later this week , I will testify to the Judiciary Committee about Ms. Kagan ’s record on guns during her service in the Clinton administration .
That record hardly inspires confidence that she has any respect for the rights of gun owners , but perhaps she has changed .
The Senate should not let itself by pacified with non-answers , platitudes and evasions .
Heller is one vote away from being overruled .
Many senators from both parties strongly support the Heller decision and the right to bear arms .
That ’s why 58 of them joined an amicus brief in McDonald urging that the Chicago handgun ban be declared unconstitutional .
With four justices over the age of 70 , President Obama may have several more Supreme Court appointments in the next two to six years .
The Sotomayor experience shows why it ’s crucial for senators to demand serious answers about where a nominee stands on the Second Amendment .
David Kopel is research director at the Independence Institute and an adjunct law professor at Denver University .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
T he film Fitzcarraldo has been billed as the true story of an eccentric Irishman , Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald , who sought his fortune as a rubber baron in the Peruvian Amazon .
According to the film , the locals could not pronounce Fitzgerald , hence they called him Fitzcarraldo .
This film by Werner Herzog , which stars Klaus Kinski and Claudia Cardinale , documents an incredible ordeal that involved moving a 340 - ton steam ship over a mountain without the use of special effects .
In reality , there never was a Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald in Peru and no one ( except for Herzog ) ever tried to move an intact 340 - ton steam ship over a mountain .
The truth of the matter is that there was a Peruvian named Carlos Fermin Fitzcarrald , a rubber baron who lived in Iquitos .
According to the Municipality of Carlos Fermín Fitzcarrald , Carlos Fermín Fitzcarrald was the son of an American ( not Irish ) father and a Peruvian mother .
Indeed Fitzcarrald did move a steam ship over a mountain , but he had sense enough to dismantle it and take it piece by piece , unlike the director Herzog who had an indigenous crew transport the ship intact .
It is hard to tell which was more incredible , the true story of Carlos Fermin Fitzcarrald or the making of the film Fitzcarraldo .
Carlos Fermin Fitzcarrald in no way resembled the benevolent character of the movie .
He was a brutal rubber baron who when he encountered indigenous people gave them the choice to work for him under cruel conditions or die .
Yes , if they refused to work for him , they were executed !
Despite his brutality , he was a innovative explorer .
He pioneered and explored the Madre de Dios region of Peru .
Indeed , he founded the City of Puerto Maldonado and explored the area that is now the Manu Biosphere Reserve .
To achieve this , it was necessary to transport his steam ship piece by piece over the mountains to the Madre de Dios basin .
Fitzcarrald discovered an overland passage between the Rio Mishagua , a tributary of the Rio Urubamba and the Rio Manu , a tributary of the Rio Madre de Dios .
This passage became known as the Isthmus of Fitzcarrald and permitted the exportation of rubber from the Madre de Dios region to the Ucayali River ( a tributary of the Amazon River ) .
In fact if you visit Puerto Maldonaldo , you can view the sunken remains of his steam ship , the Contamana ( no , he never had a ship named Molly Aida as in the film ) .
Carlos Fermin Fitzcarrald died at the age of 35 during the accident that sank his ship .
Similarly , Klaus Kinski , almost gave up his life during the filming of Fitzcarraldo .
Known as a temperamental actor , he constantly argued with Herzog and he threatened to leave the film set before finishing .
Kinski was a constant source of tension as he argued with Herzog and other members of the film crew .
Moreover , he seriously upset the indigenous extras .
In his German - language documentary film My Best Fiend ( German : Mein liebster Feind , literally My Dearest Enemy ) , Herzog tells how one of the indigenous chiefs offered to kill Kinski for him .
In addition , Herzog relates how he himself threatened Kinski and told the cantankerous actor that if Kinski proceeded with his threat to leave the set , that Herzog would kill Kinski and then commit suicide .
The movie Fitzcarraldo originally casted Jason Robards in the title role .
However , Robards became sick during the filming and was subsequently replaced by Klaus Kinski .
Interestingly , Mick Jagger of Rolling Stones fame originally had a role playing Fitzcarraldo 's assistant .
When Robards left due to illness , almost half of the film had already been shot .
With the loss of Jason Robards , the entire film had to be reshot from the beginning .
More bad luck followed when Mick Jagger left the film to go on tour with the Stones .
Subsequently , Jagger 's character was deleted from the reshoot .
At one point , Werner Herzog himself considered playing the character of Fitzcarraldo .
Eventually , Klaus Kinski agreed to play the part .
The film was then reshot in German , rather than the original english .
Fitzcarraldo is said to be one of the most difficult films ever to have been made .
A large part of the difficultly involved the incredible ordeal of moving a 340 - ton steam ship over a mountain without the benefit of special effects .
In addition , during the filming of the " rapids " sequence , scenes were shot on board the ship as it crashed through rapids and white water , thereby injuring half of the six people in the film crew .
Werner Herzog , after completing this unique and difficult film , won Best Director at the Cannes Film Festival .
The documentary Burden of Dreams by Les Blank is about the making of the film Fitzcarraldo .
Return to Main Page | Previous Page | Next Page
The Malaysian artist Chow Hon Lam has made some very funny but clever illustrations that also includes a touch of irony .
The artist himself thinks that even if you are an animal , an object or some sort of food , you have something to say even though you ca n’t speak .
Therefore Hon Lam wants to create and tell their story to the world
When people confront him about it , he just say : “ I guess they must have something to say … Trust me , I try to communicate with them ! ”
In the illustrations you can see how a the milk in a cow ’s body is emptying itself while milking , gingerbread men creating themselves , a golfer breaking the sky with his golfball , etc .
Others have done similar illustrations showing how the world would be if everything was different and upside down in our lives .
In the visual art world , illustrators have sometimes been considered less important in comparison with fine artists and graphic designers .
But as the result of computer game and comic industry growth , illustrations are becoming valued as popular and profitable art works that can acquire a wider market than the other two , especially in Korea , Japan , Hong Kong and USA .
Born Christmas Day 1960 , Zac Beaulieu is the fourth of five sons of Gervais and Laurianne Beaulieu .
Zac feels somewhat disconnected to his brothers , all of whom are different from each other .
They include the bookworm Christian who is the eldest , the dumb jock Antoine who is third , and the youngest Yvan .
But Zac has the most contempt for his second eldest brother , the shiftless druggie Raymond .
To his devout Catholic mother , Zac is her miracle son , both for being born the same day as Jesus Christ ( a fact which Zac has always hated ) , and because a Tupperware - selling mystic once told her that he has the power to heal .
Laurianne has always coddled Zac , the two who have a special if unspoken bond .
But Zac wants more to please his father , who wants more than anything in his sons that they grow up to be man 's men and not sissies .
As Zac goes through his mid-teens to early twenties , Zac is n't sure if he can live up to the ideals of either his mother or especially his father .
A young man with .
.. Written by Huggo
Cheryl Cole apparently drew the biggest crowd at Radio 1 Big Weekend festival , but it was Ellie Goulding who really stole the show ( which is why Cheryl has signed her up to write for her sophomore album ) .
The 23 - year - old gave an energetic performance of her breakthrough hit Starry Eyed , before moving over to Radio 1â€™s Live Lounge for an acoustic rendition of her latest single Guns & Horses .
Still , she needs to work on her stage presence though , so she can eventually be as amazing as Marina Diamandis . <3
Browse > Home Poker News / PokerStars to Launch Mobile Poker Software
PokerStars to Launch Mobile Poker Software
The worlds largest poker room PokerStars.com will soon be available in a version for your mobile phone as they have bought up Cecure Gaming who are developing games for mobile phones .
No official statements have been made by PokerStars regarding the launch of a mobile poker software but when reading between the lines it does look as if they have plans on entering the mobile market .
The reason for the recent speculation about a mobile PokerStars software is the fact that they have bought up Cecure Gaming who are a mobile games developer .
Due to the financial climate there has not been as much money to be made in the mobile games market but back in 2000 they got $ 20 million to develop the best and most secure mobile poker room .
Since this company is now being owned by online poker giant PokerStars is is not too far fetched to believe that they will be launching their own mobile poker room .
Comments
( Natural News )
Every pregnant woman 's body is probably contaminated with multiple toxic substances , according to a study conducted by researchers from the Washington Toxics Coalition , the Commonweal Biomonitoring Resource Center and the Toxic - Free Legacy Coalition .
" This study reveals that children spend their first nine months in an environment that exposes them to known toxic chemicals , " said study author Erika Schreder .
" Pregnant women can't avoid every exposure to these chemicals because they are in so many products .
...
We need policies that keep toxic chemicals away from pregnant women and the most vulnerable -- the developing fetus .
" Researchers analyzed the blood and urine of nine pregnant women and found that all of them tested positive for mercury , bisphenol - A ( BPA ) , at least four phthalates , and two to four perfluorinated compounds .
All four substances are known to build up in human bodies and the environment .
Mercury damages the nervous system , while the others interfere with the hormonal system and can produce a wide array of diseases and defects .
Developing infants are especially vulnerable to damage by these toxins .
" The developing fetus is exquisitely vulnerable to the effects of toxic chemicals , " the Washington Toxics Coalition said .
" The fetus develops at a breakneck pace in the womb , and that development is easily derailed by toxic chemicals .
The fetus also has a very limited ability to detoxify foreign chemicals .
With chemicals like bisphenol A and the others in our tests passing easily through the placenta , there is cause for grave concern about their impacts on fetal development .
" BPA is used to make hard , clear plastics , dental sealants and composites , and the liners of food containers .
Phthalates are used to soften plastic and are found in everything from infant products to medical equipment .
Perfluorinated compounds , also called " Teflon chemicals , " are used to make nonstick cookware and certain outdoor products .
The researchers recommend that people reduce their exposure to toxic chemicals by looking for products certified BPA and phthalate free , avoiding flame retardant products , and purchasing certified organic body care products .
Of more than 80,000 chemicals used in manufacturing consumer products , only 200 or so have ever undergone safety testing .
Sources for this story include : www.organicconsumers.org;
Due to cut throat competition the handset manufacturers all over the world are introducing their cheapest ever cell phones in order to attract the users of all class and demographics .
There is no dearth of affordable handsets in the market but here we are bringing for you the list of the cheapest cell phones ever .
Gone are the days when mobile phones were considered to be the prized possession of the rich class .
Earlier the mobile phones were known to be a piece of a luxury item and were beyond the reach of a common man .
Slowly and gradually the technological advancement and the flooding of the large number of handset manufacturers in the market has decreased the prices of mobiles considerably , and increased their functionality .
For example , today phones come with cameras , and they are competitive enough to be compared to digital cameras .
Moreover the cell phones of today have become a piece of necessity for the people all over the globe .
So just have a look at their price and you will not believe them at the first sight .
Here are the worlds cheapest cell phones ever !
Now these phones might not be the slimmest phones around , but they are surprisingly in the league of world ’s smallest phones .
Hop 1800 : This mobile phone with a price tag of $ 10 bags the title of being the cheapest cell phone till date .
Introduced by Hop - On , the company which develops and markets the wireless phones also calls Hop 1800 as “ Anti-iPhone ” is n’t that interesting .
This phone does not have any display , video or multimedia features but you can talk to your loved ones with it .
Its battery offers 4 hours of talk time and 150 hours of standby time .
Moreover if you will return this phone for the purpose of recycling then the company offers you a rebate of $ 5 , so effectively this costs you only $ 5 , which is even less as compared to your delicious hamburger .
Vodafone 150 : The handset announced at the MWC in Barcelona this year comes , with a price tag of only $ 15 .
Manufactured by Chinese Vendor TCL , Vodafone 150 is a decent looking handset and is loaded with variety of features .
The list includes 1 inches of monochrome display , alarm clock , calculator , currency converter , dual band GSM , polyphonic ring tones , built in torch , voice call , SMS and 2 embedded games .
What else can you expect from a handset prized at $ 15 ?
Vodafone 250 : Along with its 150 model , Vodafone also launched its 250 model at the MWC in Barcelona which lies in the list of the cheapest cell phones ever with a price tag of $ 20 .
The handset has screen of 1.45 inches in size .
Besides all the features of its 150 model it also includes wallpapers and FM radio .
So that 5 extra bucks for bigger screen and additional features .
Nokia 1202 : This mobile phone from Nokia can be all yours for just $ 34 and its most impressive feature is its flashlight .
This phone is also very innovative as it can be shared by 5 people due to its 5 separate notebooks .
Good Battery backup and loud ringtones is also an added advantage of the handset .
So now even if you will miss any one of these handsets , it will not hit you hard on your pockets .
Related reading : Transparent mobiles
... for me !
Steel wool stuffed pois in an old tunnel
If you like my work , you can see more by following me on : Thank you very much for your support !
A new study from the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that 40 percent of adult Internet users have gone online in search of raw data about government spending and activities .
The Obama administration has launched several Web sites that keep tabs on government activity - including , , and - and it appears that they and other government Web sites have some fans .
A new study from the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that 40 percent of adult Internet users have gone online in search of raw data about government spending and activities .
Of the more than 1,600 people polled by Pew , about 23 percent have used the Web to find out how money from the stimulus bill is being spent .
Another 22 percent have gone online to read or download the text of a bill , and another 16 percent have visited a Web site like Data.gov that provides access to government data , Pew found .
" Government interactions in the information age are often fueled by data , " Aaron Smith , a research specialist at Pew and co-author of the report , said in a statement .
" Online citizens can and often do' go to the source ' in their efforts to monitor government activities , evaluate the impacts of new legislation , and track the flow of their tax dollars . "
About 82 percent of those surveyed have looked for information or completed a transaction on a government Web site in the last year , with most looking for information about a public policy or issue with their local , state , or federal government .
About 31 percent of online adults are using social tools like blogs , social networking sites , online video , as well as e-mail and text messages to keep up - to - date with government activities .
This is notable because these tools are appealing to a group that have traditionally lagged in their use of online government options - particularly minorities .
" People are not only getting involved with government in new and interesting ways , they are also using these tools to share their views with others and contribute to the broader debate around government policies , " Smith said .
About 23 percent have debated an issue online , participated in an online town hall , or joined a group online that tries to influence government policies .
People are not eschewing traditional means of communication in favor of the Web just yet , however .
About 56 percent of people who used the Web for government - related activity also contacted an agency or officials using the telephone , a letter , or in - person visit in the last year .
About 35 percent , meanwhile , prefer using the telephone when they have a government - related problem .
Those who did use the Web reported that they were satisfied with the interaction .
About 51 percent were able to accomplish everything they wanted to do , 28 percent accomplished most of their objectives , and only 5 percent said their visit was totally unsuccessful .
It 's time to have a serious conversation about the American approach to home ownership and mortgages .
A system once celebrated for putting so many families into their own homes and for making mortgages so widely available has become , as one housing economist puts it , " a case study in failure . "
Beyond the complexities of securitization , the ...
4:39 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
EPA Analysis Makes Case for Senate Action on Climate Bill
4:25 pm
Amnesty International
Opt Out System Risks Undermining ICC
4:05 pm
Free Press
New SavetheInternet.com Video Showcases Internet Celebrities to Highlight Importance of Net Neutrality
4:05 pm
Haymarket Books
Cultural Extinction on Louisiana 's Gulf Coast
3:51 pm
Amnesty International
Amnesty International Urges Kyrgyzstan's Neighbors to Open Borders
2:28 pm
Free Press
CableCard Improvement Is Test Run to Overhaul Set - Top Box Market
2:22 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Legal Petition Filed to Reform Policy That Allows Oil Drilling to Evade Environmental Review
2:00 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Afghanistan's $ 1 Trillion " Resource Curse "
If you 're watching the World Cup , you 've no doubt learned about the vuvuzela , a buzzing horn capable of drowning out TV announcers .
Here 's how to filter the vuvuzela buzz from your World Cup broadcasts .
Advertisement
Where to Watch World Cup Soccer Streaming Live
The 2010 World Cup starts on June 11th , and one of the best ways to keep up on the soccer will be …
Read more
A German hacker named Tube details how he banished the vuvuzela from his World Cup audio by selectively muting four frequencies on his equalizer .
A ( loose ) translation from Tube 's German post :
For the Vuvuzela - killer , we need only a high - slope band stop filter that takes out the corresponding frequencies .
For this , in principle , any modern computer that has a sound card with low latency and corresponding software should work .
In our case , we used a Mac Mini and Logic Express 8 .
( Actually , such a complex software such as Logic Express is not necessary .
We use it only because it was already on it on the computer and the necessary filters are included . )
Advertisement
You Don't Need a Computer
In fact , you do n't need a computer at all .
If you 've got a stereo with an equalizer or even a TV with a built in equalizer , you can adjust your hardware settings to significantly filter out the noise .
For example , the Book of Joe blog details the process on a Samsung TV .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How to Filter the Vuvuzela Drone
We spent the morning here at the Lifehacker labs trying out the settings ourselves , and found that if you duck your EQ at 465 Hz and 235 Hz , you can in fact filter out the buzz with great results .
Ideally you 'll reduce each frequency by at least 40 dB ( which got rid of the drone completely for us ) , but if your equipment can't quite duck that low , just go as low as you can .
Here 's how it worked when we tried it in GarageBand on a Mac :
Before and After
Video by Adam Dachis .
Update :
We 've since been tipped to a Windows and Mac download , an automated but adjustable Vuvuzela Filter , that saves you the trouble of setting up your own filters .
Advertisement
Remember , the video is just an example of the EQ adjustments in action .
You should be able to use those basic settings in any software or hardware that can handle them .
As you can see , it 's not all that difficult to silence the vuvuzela with an equalizer — again , at 465 Hz and 235 Hz ( or as close to those numbers as you can get ) .
Got another method that 's worked for you ?
Let 's hear it in the comments .
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
The Run of Play " />
Vuvuzela - Filter ( English Translation ) [ via Hack a Day ]
Click to view
Miami , Florida ( CNN ) --
It has been 10 years since federal agents raided the Gonzalez family home in Miami's Little Havana neighborhood , seizing 6 - year - old Elian Gonzalez .
Today , the house is a museum where visitors can see a virtual shrine to the boy -- now a 16 - year - old military student in Cuba -- and his brief time in the United States .
His school uniform still hangs in the closet , along with dozens of outfits that he never got a chance to wear .
His toys are on display inside the house , as well as a giant image of the infamous Associated Press photo showing a federal agent pointing a weapon toward Elian and Donato Dalrymple , who had been hiding the boy in a bedroom closet .
" The story is still very vivid in this area , " says Ruby Feria , a local radio reporter who covered the story .
" People think that it was just yesterday that they took Elian . "
The custody dispute that led to Elian 's seizure made national headlines , partly because of the possible impact on already tense U.S. - Cuban relations and also on the 2000 presidential election .
Elian was found off the coast of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , in November 1999 , the only survivor of a group of 13 Cuban migrants trying to make it to the United States .
His mother was among the dead .
His father , in Cuba , demanded his return , but relatives in Miami refused to release him , touching off a seven - month international custody battle .
Eventually , Attorney General Janet Reno decided to send Elian back to Cuba , but she failed to persuade his relatives in Miami to relinquish custody of Elian to his father .
So , during the predawn hours of April 22 , 2000 , armed federal agents raided Delfin Gonzalez 's home and seized the boy , reuniting him with his father .
Vice President Al Gore , who was running for president at the time , broke ranks with the Clinton administration , calling for the matter to be settled in Florida 's family court system .
Gore was accused of pandering to Florida 's Cuban - American voters , because the state was a battleground state in the presidential vote .
Today , largely sheltered from prying eyes , 16 - year - old Elian attends a Cuban military academy in the Cuban city of Matanzas .
State media recently published photos of the trim - haired teen in his olive green and red uniform participating in the annual congress of the Union of Communist Youth .
CNN 's Shasta Darlington spoke to Elian 's grandmother in his hometown of Cardenas .
She said he comes home every weekend to visit his family there .
" Now he 's a man , a little man , " said Maria Quintana , standing on the porch of the modest house where Elian used to live with his father .
" He has a normal life , the way he wants it . "
A plaque denouncing what many in Cuba call the " Miami mafia " hangs on the front of the house .
She said Elian gets top grades , but still has time for " a lot of girlfriends , just like any normal boy . "
Elian 's immediate family has moved to another part of town to avoid outside intrusions on their life .
When Elian returned to Cuba in June 2000 , he and his father found themselves with front - row seats to Cuban President Fidel Castro 's rallies .
Castro himself had led the battle to bring Elian back .
On more than one occasion , Elian himself took the stage .
" It 's been five years since I returned with my dad , " he said at one event .
" And it was possible because of my family , the Cuban people and Commander Fidel . "
Castro and Elian also had a personal relationship .
The aging president attended his birthday celebrations .
Since Castro was sidelined by illness , Elian has largely disappeared from the media and public events .
Cardenas -- like Miami -- has a museum honoring Elian , but it tells a different story .
It features a statue of a defiant young Elian , photos and even the original T - shirt worn by one of the fishermen who found the boy drifting at sea .
A sculpture of a giant middle finger reads " Cuba 's answer , " apparently being flipped at the country 's nemesis to the north .
Will it ever be possible for Elian to lead a normal , quiet life ?
" It 's up to Elian , " one of the museum tour guides said .
" He could play a role in the country 's future , but only if he wants to . "
CNN 's Kelly Marshall and John Zarrella in Miami , Florida , Shasta Darlington and David Ariosto in Cardenas , Cuba , contributed to this report
The visible concentric circles you see in this picture show a bacteria swarm as the colony starts and stops its progress .
Now Spanish researchers have discovered a key component of infectious bacteria 's battle plan - and how to stop it .
Advertisement
They 've identified a protein that tells bacteria in a colony to halt their forward march when antibiotics are present , waiting until the coast is clear before resuming the infection .
The finding shows how bacteria outmaneuver antibiotics in the body to continue infecting an organ even after treatment , but it also pinpoints a vulnerability that researchers may be able to exploit to make antibiotics more effective .
When infecting tissue in the body , bacteria swarm collectively across the surface like an 18th - century army on the march , growing into a massive colony that produces toxins that cause damage to the tissue .
The mechanism by which bacteria organize this mass movement has remained a mystery to researchers , but now scientists at the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona ( UAB ) have identified the chemical courier that makes this possible .
Advertisement
A protein called CheW is essential for swarming , catalyzing the mass movement of bacteria across the surface of an organ .
But when bacteria encounter antibiotics , the drugs initiate a DNA repair system in bacteria known as SOS response , which is supposed to stop the infection .
But the Spanish researchers found that when SOS response kicks in , levels of another protein known as RecA begin to increase .
RecA interferes with CheW , causing the colony to stop moving forward .
As a result , only the front line of the colony is affected by the antibiotics ; the rest of the colony stops marching until the concentration of antibiotics decreases , at which point RecA concentrations fall and the colony starts attacking again .
It 's a clever play by the bacteria , but it could open up new treatment options to deal with bacterial infections .
If antibiotics could be augmented with something that stops RecA from halting the forward progress of the swarm , current drugs could become more effective in neutralizing infections .
Read the whole paper at Infection and Immunity
This post originally appeared on Popular Science .
Image via Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona
Advertisement
Popular Science is your wormhole to the future .
Reporting on what 's new and what 's next in science and technology , we deliver the future now .
Limited or inconsistent access to necessary resources creates many challenges for delivering quality medical care in low - and middle - income countries .
These include funding and revenue , skilled clinical and allied health professionals , administrative expertise , reliable community infrastructure ( eg water , electricity ) , functioning capital equipment and sufficient surgical supplies .
Despite these challenges , some surgical care providers manage to provide cost effective , high quality care , offering lessons not only for other low - and middle - income countries but also for high - income countries that are working towards increasing value - based care .
Examples would be how to optimise the consumption of resources , and reduce the environmental and public health burden of surgical care .
Owing to the liberal utilisation of capital equipment and single - use supplies , surgical care in high - income countries is increasingly recognised as a significant source of greenhouse gases and other environmental impacts that adversely affect human health .
Regulations require many potentially reusable supplies and drugs to be discarded after single use .
Supply manufacturers may label drugs or products as single - use to increase profit , reduce liability or facilitate regulatory approval .
Many high - income countries struggle to increase the value of care while maximising quality and outcomes , and minimising cost and resource use .
For most high - income countries , cataract surgery is the highest volume and most expensive surgical procedure ( in aggregate ) in all of medicine .
Studies analysing global cataract care found few differences in outcomes , such as surgical infection , despite large differences in carbon footprint and cost .
2
A single cataract procedure in the UK emits an estimated 180kg CO2e ( carbon dioxide equivalents ) whereas the same surgery with similar outcomes in India emits only 6 kg CO2e , 5 % of that in the UK .
Source : Steyn , A. , et al .
“ Frugal innovation for global surgery : leveraging lessons from low - and middle - income countries to optimise resource use and promote value - based care . ”
The Bulletin of the Royal College of Surgeons of England 102.5 ( 2020 ) : 198-200. [ open access ]
The question of how long a urine sample is good for a drug test is only relevant when you are thinking of changing urine to pass it .
Urine test samples have made and marred several people in different spheres of life .
There are yet several factors that determine things like this .
As such , it becomes imperative to know what those factors are and take proactive steps to ensure that you are operating based on them .
How long a urine sample lasts good enough for a drug test is subject to where it is per time .
The major factor militating against the quality of such a sample is bacteria content in it .
This keeps multiplying .
When this happens , it begins breaking down immediately with a dark look and foul odor .
The reality is that every natural substance breaks down with time .
A person carrying out a drug test should not consider a sample if it is not fresh or if something does n’t seem right with the sample .
How long is urine good for a drug test ?
A urine sample ought not to be in room temperature for more than 2 hours before using it .
Hence , if you are thinking of using substitute urine , ask your partner or friend to pee it immediately before you go for the test .
And if that is not possible , ensure it is not kept at room temperature .
For a fridge , your urine is bound to last for a while longer than when it is at room temperature .
But , you should n’t keep it there for more than a day .
It means that storing urine in a fridge is the best way to store it for a drug test taking place within 24 hours .
In the case of a freezer , bacterial growth gets slowed down a great deal and may halt .
This is the main reason why you can store food in a freezer for a long time without it spoiling .
The same thing applies to urine as it can freeze for several months and still are good enough for urinalysis .
This is subject to you freezing it immediately while avoiding a situation where it is at room temperature for long times .
How Does Urine Test Work ?
A urine test or urinalysis is the most common drug test carried out in America .
This process involves screening urine samples in a laboratory to check for previous drug use .
They are often used to check for metabolic byproducts that are usually produced when the body breaks down the active chemicals in the drug .
Urinalysis tests do not search for THC as they instead search for THC - COOH which is the primary metabolite .
It usually has a cutoff value of 50ng / mL .
It means that if you have at most 49 nanograms in each millimeter of the urine sample , you have passed the test .
The moment the investigating lab gets the sample the technician will divide the sample into two .
The first part gets exposed to an analyzer which helps in detecting macromolecules through the formation and measurement of the number of antibodies produced .
If the first sample comes up positive the second one gets analyzed using a gas chromatography - mass spectrometry device to confirm the result of the test .
It is also used to know the particular metabolite and by extension the drug .
THC - COOH is , but , fat - soluble and gets metabolized at a slower rate .
THC - COOH it lasts in the body for up to 90 days .
The more drugs you take , the longer time it takes for the body to process it .
How Can You Pass A Drug Test ?
There are several ways you can beat the next drug test .
Some of them are pretty simple and we will take a look at some of them .
1. Abstain for a month
90 days is the ideal time for your system to be detoxified from the effect of smoking .
But , staying away from smoking for a whole month should do wonders for your THC - COOH composition .
This will not , yet , guarantee a THC - COOH free system ;
But , what you are looking for is a system with sub -50ng / mL levels .
You can even catalyze the process by making your body to break down the THC - COOH quicker .
This can be by drinking large amounts of water for about 4 hours before the scheduled test .
Drinking large volumes of water will help in increasing the H2O content in your urine and thus diluting the urine sample .
This approach , but , has its little negative .
By consuming large volumes of water within a short period you may suffer from dilutional hyponatremia .
This is a deadly condition where excessive hydration causes a disruption in the electrolyte balance of your body and so leads to a breakdown of the brain ’s neural connections .
It is , however , a rare possibility but that does not mean it ’s impossible .
Another drawback is that the sample may be too diluted to get it tested .
This can be ascertained at the lab by checking the creatine concentration within the sample .
If the sample comes as non-usable , it will raise some concerns who may ask you to urinate under supervision .
2. Avoid smoking for 90 days
Getting rid of traces of drug intake in your system is pretty simple .
All you need to do is avoid it altogether for 90 days .
What this means is that you should not smoke pot for 3 months .
You may also incorporate exercising to burn some fat while the THC metabolizes it .
3. Detox Drinks
It is not clear how this works , but the fact is that they work !
It is , however , advisable that you are cautious when using them because they often begin working within 2 hours and they usually do not last for extended periods .
They are however quite expensive .
You may also take drugs such as Midol that help in diluting the drug volume of your body while also helping with the production of urine .
4. Fake it
Even though it is compulsory you submit a urine sample , no one said it had to be your urine .
All you need to do is search for a good friend and swap his or her urine with them .
The only challenge would be for you to sneak it into the lab .
The funny thing is that there is plastic prosthesis out there that produces fake urine samples .
It aids you to sneak urine samples that are not yours into the pee point without turning positive .
Synthetic urine is a liquid used in calibrating laboratory equipment which determines people ’s fate .
It neither smells nor produces like normal pee .
It is , however , good enough to get the job done .
The liquid may however not contain uric acid which is one of the constituent most labs search for .
If you are however using real human urine , there are several disadvantages associated with it .
Urine is not something you can keep anyhow .
The moment it is out of your body , it begins to oxidize and thus decompose .
One does not need to be an Albert Einstein to detect an anomaly if week - old urine is submitted .
The sample should be fresh .
Also , the sample should be as warm as the human body temperature .
This is why it wo n’t make sense for you to turn in a cold sample that should have recently left your bladder .
What Are The Challenges With Urinalysis ?
There are several reasons why people do not find urine tests to be cool .
Here are a few of them :
Accuracy :
All tests are not without their failings .
Investigations carried out in various testing labs have recorded high levels of error due to poor quality control .
The move to extend drug tests to more workers predisposes a number of them to the risk of being wrongly accused .
Also , such tests do not tell
If the worker took the drug while on duty or in their homes .
Privacy :
Urine tests , without doubt , represent an intrusion into a person ’s privacy .
The whole idea where the majority of innocent employees go through such harrowing experience to fish out a few bad eggs is not cool .
Efficacy :
It has not been scientifically proven that urine test is effective or safe for the improvement of workplace productivity or safety .
Studies have also shown that the majority of drug test failures are as reliable as other people .
The summary of it all is that drug tests are not a reliable indicator of drug impairment
Final Word
In summary , Urine is only as good for drug testing as the place and condition wherein it ’s kept .
It , therefore , suffices to say that keeping urine in the right condition is a guarantee for its quality .
The tips outlined in this article should be able to help you make the most of your next urine test .
You May Like This Article As Well :
Pickled Garlic Health Benefits You Must Know
In January , we profiled former FEMA director Michael Brown -- the man about whom President George W. Bush said , " Heckuva job , Brownie " circa the Hurricane Katrina response -- after he was named a fulltime KOA talk - show host .
But Brown does n't think Barack Obama has done a heckuva job dealing with the oil spill off the Gulf Coast .
Indeed , he went on Fox News yesterday to argue that Obama has dragged his feet responding to the disaster in order to justify putting the kibosh on expanded offshore drilling , which he 's publicly supported but , according to Brown , actually opposes .
Brown got the chance to defend his labyrinthine logic this morning on AM 760 -- a tough task under any circumstances , but one that was made even more difficult because he faced persistent cross-examination from host David Sirota .
Listen to their debate by clicking here , and look below to see Brown dishing with Fox News ' Neil Cavuto .
Image caption
The SWA described Scotch as a " cornerstone of the Scottish economy "
Scotch whisky is worth nearly £ 4bn to the Scottish economy , according to research carried out for the industry .
The analysis shows the extent of the boom in whisky from 2000 to 2008 , when years of sharp export increases were stopped by the global recession .
The Scotch Whisky Association ( SWA ) , representing the major distillers , said the product had as much impact on the Scottish economy as tourism .
It said it produced earnings per worker 12 times higher than those of tourism .
Only the oil and gas sector has more impact , and represents higher earnings per worker .
Behind the sharp increase in exports over the past decade , there has been a 12 % decline in the number of people who work for the SWA 's members - down from 11,100 to 9,800 .
However , it is claimed most of that loss has been in other parts of the UK , and that the number of whisky jobs in Scotland has fallen 3 % .
With the right support , the Scotch whisky industry can deliver even more to communities across Scotland Gavin Hewitt , SWA chief executive
There has been a decline in the number working in blending and bottling , while the number employed in visitor centres has been one of the industry 's new success stories .
And although the industry is seen as being rooted in rural Scotland , only about a fifth of its jobs are in the Highlands and Islands .
It is claimed that the number of jobs supported indirectly through employment by the industry - including employees spending their earnings - reaches 35,000 people .
The analysis has been carried out for the SWA by consultants Verso Economics .
It shows that , in 2008 , annual turnover in the industry was £ 6.4bn .
Exports reached £ 3.1 bn .
Spending with Scottish suppliers increased by 61 % over the eight years , reaching £ 1.1 bn .
That includes £ 200 m spent on cereals .
The industry 's capital spend reached £ 355 m , though most of that was spent on equipment from outside Scotland .
A third was invested in Scotland .
' Wrong message '
Gavin Hewitt , chief executive of the SWA , said the study confirmed that whisky was a cornerstone of the Scottish economy .
" The new UK government wants to support manufacturing and exporters , and build a fairer tax system , " he said .
" It could combine all three objectives by reforming an unfair duty regime which undermines the competitiveness of the Scotch whisky industry .
" The alcohol duty structure is no longer fit for purpose , discriminating against Scotch whisky at home and sending out the wrong message overseas . "
He welcomed the new coalition government 's commitment to reviewing alcohol taxation .
" The aim must be to put in place a fairer and more socially responsible regime where all alcohol is taxed according to content , " he said .
" With the right support , the Scotch whisky industry can deliver even more to communities across Scotland " .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A nail from the time of Christ 's crucifixion which was hidden by the same knights who featured in The Da Vinci Code has been found in a dig .
The four - inch Roman relic , stored in an ornate box , was uncovered by archaeologists working at a fort thought to have been a former Knights Templar stronghold .
It was buried with three skeletons and three swords , including one with the religious order 's cross on its blade , on the tiny island of Ilheu de Pontinha , off Madeira .
The iron nail is of the type used in thousands of crucifixions - but it is special .
Archaeologist Bryn Walters said : " It dates from the 1st to 2nd centuries .
You 'd expect the surface to be pitted and rough after so long .
But this was smooth .
" It looks like it had been handled by a lot of people over a long period of time and the acid from their hands have given it a peculiar finish . "
Yesterday Christopher Macklin of the Knights Templar of Britannia described last summer 's find as " momentous " .
He said evidence the nail had been handled a lot " indicates it was of great interest to many people " .
He believes the original Knights Templar thought it was a genuine artefact from Christ 's crucifixion .
They occupied Jerusalem during the Crusades a thousand years after Christ , and claimed to be guardians of the Holy Grail , the cross and other relics .
The Da Vinci Code portrays them as a modern secret society .
The Texas Republican Party has passed its new election platform , including a ban on pornography , oral sex , gay marriage , sodomy , strip clubs — they also want to ditch the Federal Reserve , " withhold Supreme Court jurisdiction in cases involving abortion , religious freedom , and the Bill of Rights , " " oppose the implementation of one world currency " ( why was I not informed of this One World Currency ?
It would sure make travel simpler ! ) , and get the US out of the UN .
The platform itself seems to be down ( if you 've got a working link , post it to comments — here 's one ) , but here 's some verbatim highlights .
The GOP there has voted on a platform that would ban oral and anal sex .
It also would give jail sentences to anyone who issues a marriage license to a same - sex couple ( even though such licenses are already invalid in the state ) .
" We oppose the legalization of sodomy , " the platform says .
" We demand that Congress exercise its authority granted by the U.S. Constitution to withhold jurisdiction from the federal courts from cases involving sodomy . "
Ah yes , the " no blowjobs party " — that 'll bring out the vote !
Texas GOP platform : criminalize gay marriage and ban sodomy , outlaw strip clubs and pornography
( Thanks , @greatdismal ! )
( Image : wingnut , a Creative Commons Attribution Share - Alike ( 2.0 ) image from genista's photostream )
If we know anything about America 's worst successful columnist , it 's that he wo n't rest until he 's flogged a terrible idea again and again and again .
The latest , care of Jonah Goldberg , was Friedman 's authoritarian envy on Meet the Press over the weekend :
Well , David , it 's been decimated .
It 's been decimated by everything from the gerrymandering of political districts to cable television to an Internet where I can create a digital lynch mob against you from the left or right if I do n't like where you 're going , to the fact that money and politics is so out of control — really our Congress is a forum for legalized bribery .
You know , that 's really what , what it 's come down to .
So I do n't — I , I — I 'm worried about this , it 's why I have fantasized — do n't get me wrong — but that what if we could just be China for a day ?
I mean , just , just , just one day .
You know , I mean , where we could actually , you know , authorize the right solutions , and I do think there is a sense of that , on , on everything from the economy to environment .
I do n't want to be China for a second , OK , I want my democracy to work with the same authority , focus and stick - to - itiveness .
But right now we have a system that can only produce suboptimal solutions .
If we 're going to be China , I wonder which politically restive province Friedman would support removing Internet access privileges for 10 months ?
Maybe Maricopa County ?
Which bloggers will be imprisoned for reporting on a gang - rape , or contradicting official accounts of earthquake damage ?
Will Friedman 's Propaganda Department be issuing directives expressly criminalizing any domestic reporting on school violence , the Shanghai Expo , or criticism by international journalists , with marching orders to " not ask national leaders questions during their visits to Shanghai " and to " only use reports containing explanations by government officials " ?
You do not get the " stick - to - itiveness " of Friedman 's authoritarian one - party fantasia without the violent , freedom - depriving assault on those ( especially though not only activists and bloggers and journalists ) who are seen as threats to the regime .
Dreaming about removing checks and balances to impose a super - genuius policy is not the work of a geopolitical thinker , but the tantrum of an impatient sloganeer .
Many types of accidents can be devastating .
If you were injured on the job or in an accident caused by someone else , you may be able to obtain compensation .
The Schaumburg and Wheaton personal injury lawyers at Therman Law Offices represent Illinois residents in lawsuits for damages , as well as workers ' compensation claims .
We have over 35 years of combined experience , and we can develop a strategy that considers your specific needs and circumstances , whether you were injured in a car accident , an elevator accident , or a slip and fall .
Most personal injury lawsuits are brought under a theory of negligence .
A plaintiff alleging negligence must prove that the defendant owed them a duty of care , but the defendant failed to meet the duty of care , and this caused the accident .
In more complicated personal injury lawsuits , it may be necessary to retain experts .
For example , in a complex truck accident case , we may need to retain an accident reconstruction expert to look at the different factors that contributed to the accident .
If we are able to establish liability in a personal injury lawsuit , we may be able to recover compensatory damages , including medical bills , lost wages , and pain and suffering .
Car accidents are very common .
The injuries may be catastrophic , particularly if the cars involved were going at high speeds .
You may be able to sue another driver for their negligent driving if you can show that the driver did not drive safely given the circumstances , and you were injured because of the negligent driving .
Conduct that is often found to be a breach of the duty of all drivers to use reasonable care while driving includes speeding , texting , weaving , drunk driving , fatigued driving , tailgating , and aggressive driving .
The conduct must have a causal relationship to your injuries in order for a personal injury attorney in Wheaton or Schaumburg to be able to establish liability .
Truck accidents are often more complicated than car accidents .
Due to the weight and size of commercial trucks , there may be catastrophic injuries to multiple people .
Often , there are multiple claims against the truck driver 's insurance , making it especially important to look at all of the factors that may have contributed to the accident .
In some cases , it is appropriate to hold the trucking company , a third - party loader , a property owner , or a truck manufacturer responsible for a truck accident .
For example , it may be appropriate to sue a trucking company for negligent hiring if it hires a truck driver whose background check reveals a drunk driving problem , and then the truck driver gets into a drunk driving accident that kills a victim .
Many drivers do not expect to see motorcyclists on the road .
For example , they may not take into account the possibility of a motorcyclist at an intersection , and they may run a yellow light that is turning red just as a motorcyclist tries to make a turn .
Unfortunately , many jurors have a bias against motorcyclists , and insurance adjusters know of this bias .
Therefore , it is important to retain a Schaumburg or Wheaton personal injury attorney who understands motorcycle culture and how to combat stereotypes .
Illinois motorcyclists are not required to wear helmets .
However , helmets can protect against catastrophic injuries to the head in case of a collision .
Chairman Ben S. Bernanke
At the University of South Carolina Commencement Ceremony , Columbia , South Carolina
May 8 , 2010
• 40 KB PDF
I want to begin by thanking the Board of Trustees of the University of South Carolina , President Pastides , and this year ’s graduates for the great honor of addressing this commencement ceremony .
Although I was born just across the border in Augusta , Georgia , I considered South Carolina my home from early childhood until I married and took my first academic job after graduate school .
During most of that time , my family lived in Dillon , a couple of hours ’ drive from here .
I have had several occasions to visit Dillon and other places in the Carolinas since I got into government work , and I am both amazed and proud about the remarkable economic and social progress that has occurred since I grew up here .
South Carolina , like America , is always reinventing itself , despite new and , it sometimes seems , ever more difficult challenges .
I always find it difficult to choose a topic for a commencement talk .
I am an economist , but my experience has been that people in a celebratory frame of mind are usually not that interested in an economics lecture .
( I ca n’t quite understand why not . )
Instead , they are generally looking for something more personal and inspirational .
So I thought I would split the difference between an economics lecture and inspirational remarks and speak briefly about what economics and social science more generally have to say about personal happiness , and what those ideas imply both for economic policymaking and the choices each of you will make as you leave college for other pursuits .
Why talk about happiness ?
Well , it ’s right there in the mission statement of the United States , the Declaration of Independence :
The inalienable rights of Americans are “ Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . ”
If Thomas Jefferson thought it was important to facilitate the pursuit of happiness , maybe we should think a bit about what that means in practice .
In exploring the question , researchers have distinguished between two related , but different , concepts –“ happiness ” and “ life satisfaction . ”
They use “ happiness ” to mean a short - term state of mind that may depend on a person ’s temperament , but also on external factors , such as whether it is a sunny or rainy day .
They use “ life satisfaction ” to refer to a longer - term state of contentment and well - being .
1
The relationship between life satisfaction and happiness , and the factors contributing to each , is not always straightforward .
I ’ll come back to this issue later .
As you might guess , when thinking about the sources of psychological well - being , economists have tended to focus on the material things of life .
This proclivity is why economic policymakers often emphasize the promotion of economic growth .
The richer a country is , the higher the material standard of living of its average person .
What applies to a country applies to individuals :
Higher income equals a higher standard of living , which most people desire .
This traditional economist ’s perspective on happiness is not as narrow and Scrooge -y as you might think at first .
If I were to ask you what you value in life besides goods and services–a nice car or house , for example –you might begin with , say , your health .
Well , richer countries have more resources to devote to medical care , to good nutrition and sanitation , and to workplace safety , and for these and other reasons rich countries have higher life expectancies , lower infant mortality rates , and generally better health indicators than poor countries .
Likewise , as the United States has grown richer over time , longevity and other measures of health have improved .
Another thing that most people value is a clean environment .
Air and water quality are not included in the broadest measure of economic activity emphasized in government statistics , the gross domestic product ( GDP ) , although some economists have worked on ways to do so .
But again , rich countries have more resources to devote to maintaining a clean environment and do tend to have better air and water quality than poor and middle - income countries , notwithstanding the fact that rich countries by definition produce more goods and services .
Rich countries also generally provide people more leisure time , less physically exhausting and more interesting work , higher education levels , greater ability to travel , and more funding for arts and culture .
2
Again , these linkages , together with the benefits of enjoying a wide variety of goods and services , are the reason that economic policymakers –at the behest of the public–usually put heavy emphasis on job creation and growth .
Along with price stability , maximum employment is one of the Congress ’s two mandated objectives for the Federal Reserve .
And , indeed , economists researching happiness and life satisfaction have found that both inflation and unemployment detract from happiness , consistent with the focus on these macroeconomic conditions in the mandate of the Federal Reserve .
3
Even though I hope I have persuaded you that purely economic measures of personal well - being are not as narrow as sometimes thought , I have so far dodged the key questions :
Ultimately , what makes us happy ?
What makes our lives satisfying in the long run ?
And , more subtly , how is the state of mind we call happiness , at least as social scientists define the term , related to our long - run life satisfaction ?
We can look inward for answers , but , at least for someone trained as a social scientist , the most direct way to tackle the question is just to go out and ask people–lots of people .
In fact , psychologists for some time have been running surveys in which they have asked thousands of randomly selected people in countries all around the world to rate their own happiness or life satisfaction , and recently economists have gotten into the act .
There is now a field of study , complete with doctoral dissertations and professorships , called “ the economics of happiness . ”
The idea is that by measuring the self - reported happiness of people around the world , and then correlating those results with economic , social , and personal characteristics and behavior , we can learn directly what factors contribute to happiness .
The results of these studies are quite interesting .
One finding is that most people consider themselves to be reasonably happy , despite the undeniable hardships that many people face .
Asked a question like , “ Taken altogether , how would you say things are these days –would you say you are very happy , pretty happy , or not too happy ? ” , about 90 percent of respondents in the United States reply that they are very happy or pretty happy , a relatively high percentage .
4
Perhaps people do n’t want to admit to survey - takers that they are unhappy , but the explanation preferred by most researchers is that human beings are intrinsically very adaptable and are able to find satisfaction in their lives even in very difficult circumstances .
Another area of this research bears directly on what I said earlier about the relationship between income and happiness .
Some years ago the economist Richard Easterlin showed that , just as would be expected , wealthier people in any given country are more likely to tell a survey - taker that they are happy with their lives than are poorer people in the same country .
However , Easterlin also found two other things that do n’t fit so well with the economic perspective .
First , he found that as countries get richer , beyond the level where basic needs such as food and shelter are met , people do n’t report being any happier .
For example , although today most Americans surveyed will tell you they are happy with their lives , the fraction of those who say that they are happy is not any higher than it was 40 years ago , when average incomes in the United States were considerably lower and few could even imagine developments like mobile phones or the Internet .
Second , he found that –again , once you get above a basic sustenance level–on average , people in rich countries do n’t report being all that much happier than people in lower - income countries .
The finding that people in rich countries do n’t report much greater happiness than those in lower - income countries –even though , in any given country , the rich say they are happier than the poor do–is called the Easterlin paradox , after its discoverer .
5
Now , research in social science is hardly ever the final word , and a large body of more recent research has contested Easterlin ’s results , finding that people in rich countries may , on average , be happier or more satisfied after all .
But this research still suggests that the increase in happiness flowing from greater wealth is moderate .
For example , reported levels of life satisfaction among Americans are similar to reported levels among Costa Ricans , who have about one - quarter the per capita income .
6
So I am going to continue under the assumption that , although wealth and income do contribute to happiness and life satisfaction , other factors must also be very important .
7
Or , as your parents always said , money does n’t buy happiness .
Well , an economist might reply , at least not by itself .
What could explain Easterlin ’s finding that , beyond a certain point , wealth and income do n’t buy happiness ?
Easterlin ’s own view , taking an economic perspective , is that people ’s happiness depends less on their absolute wealth than on their wealth compared with others around them .
If I live in a country in which most people have only one cow , and I have three cows , then I will have lots of social status and self - esteem and will thus feel happy .
But if everyone around me has a luxury car , and I am hung up on status , I wo n’t feel very special unless I have both a luxury car and an SUV .
This relative - wealth hypothesis can explain why rich people are happier than poor people in the same country , but also why people in richer countries are not on average much happier than people in poorer countries .
It ’s the big fish in a little pond phenomenon .
There is certainly something to this explanation .
“ Rich ” is a relative term .
When I was a kid , having a color television was a major status symbol .
Now , most households have color TVs , often more than one .
Your sense of how well off you are economically depends a great deal on your expectations and aspirations , which in turn are largely formed by the community in which you live .
Easterlin ’s research and interpretation , I think , has some personal application .
We all know that getting a better - paying job is one of the main reasons to go to college , and achieving economic security for yourself and your family is an important and laudable goal .
But if you are ever tempted to go into a field or take a job only because the pay is high and for no other reason , be careful !
Having a larger income is exciting at first , but as you get used to your new standard of living , and as you associate with other people in your new income bracket , the thrill quickly wears off .
Some interesting studies of winners of large lottery prizes , even in the millions of dollars , found ( as you would expect ) that they were happy and excited on learning that they had won .
But only six months later they reported being not much happier than they were before they won the lottery .
The evidence shows that , by itself , money is not enough .
Indeed , taking a high - paying job only for the money can detract from happiness if it involves spending less time with your family , stress , and other such drawbacks .
Human adaptability , which I mentioned earlier , also helps to explain the Easterlin paradox .
Rich or poor , you tend to get used to your circumstances .
Lottery winners get used to being wealthier , and their psychological state may ultimately be not much different than it was before buying the winning ticket .
Have you ever said , “ If I can just do or get X , I ’ll be happy ” ?
“ X ” might be to graduate , get a promotion , or be named to the all - star team .
Well , it appears to be a scientific fact that it ’s not true .
No particular achievement or occurrence can guarantee long - term happiness by itself , because you will get used to your new status and your degree of happiness will eventually revert to something close to what it was before X , whatever it was , occurred .
8
Interestingly , Adam Smith , the intellectual father of modern economics , understood this point ; he once wrote : “ [ T ] he mind of every man , in a longer or shorter time , returns to its natural and usual state of tranquility .
In prosperity , after a certain time , it falls back to that state ; in adversity , after a certain time , it rises up to it . ” 9
Does this mean that achievement is not worth the effort , that nothing we can do can make us happy ?
Not at all , and I ’ll explain why in a moment .
But first , let ’s revisit the central question .
If , as your parents always told you , money does n’t buy happiness , then what factors do contribute to life satisfaction ?
Psychologists and economists have done good work on this point , going your parents one better by identifying statistically just what factors are linked to self - reported happiness and how short - run happiness is related to , but distinct from , long - run life satisfaction .
10
Some of them wo n’t surprise you , but are nevertheless worth repeating .
Happy people tend to spend time with friends and family and put emphasis on social and community relationships .
We are social creatures .
Research has demonstrated that happiness and life satisfaction are perhaps more closely related to participating meaningfully in a network of friends , family , and community than any other factor .
11 I urge you to take this research to heart by making time for friends and family and by being part of and contributing to a larger community .
Another factor in happiness , perhaps less obvious , is based on the concept of “ flow . ” 12 When you are working , studying , or pursuing a hobby , do you sometimes become so engrossed in what you are doing that you totally lose track of time ?
That feeling is called flow .
If you never have that feeling , you should find some new activities –whether work or hobbies .
Another finding is that happy people feel in control of their own lives .
A sense of control can be obtained by actively setting goals that are both challenging and achievable .
Ultimately , though , there are many things in our lives we cannot control .
So it also is important to recognize what is and is not within our control , to cultivate the flexibility to accept unexpected change with equanimity , and to focus our efforts on achieving goals at the limit of , but still within , our reach .
Finally–and this is one of the most intriguing findings –happiness can be promoted by fighting the natural human tendency to become entirely adapted to your circumstances .
One interesting practical suggestion is to keep a “ gratitude journal , ” in which you routinely list experiences and circumstances for which you are grateful .
13
Devices like gratitude journals help people remain aware of the fortunate aspects of their lives , offsetting the natural human tendency to take those things for granted after a while .
Happiness research can be useful for individuals , but it also has implications for policymakers .
For one , the policy goals of promoting economic growth and employment , though not–as we have seen – the only appropriate goals , are worthwhile nonetheless .
On average , as I have already noted , citizens of richer countries report higher levels of life satisfaction , no doubt in part because they tend to be healthier , to have more leisure time to pursue hobbies or socialize , and to have more interesting work .
Generally , richer countries also have fewer citizens in severe poverty .
But , again , many things beside income contribute to feelings of well - being .
For example , as I mentioned , social interactions appear very important for individual happiness .
One application of this insight–and this is just an example of the type of research connected with the “ economics of happiness ” that may bear policy insights –involved a program in Canada in which recipients of employment insurance or income assistance were offered jobs in community development and opportunities to develop a social network .
14 Being unemployed is stressful , not just because of loss of income but also because of feelings of loss of control and diminished self - worth .
But individuals who participated in these opportunities reported higher satisfaction than those who did not .
Further study could shed light on the effectiveness of alternative approaches to traditional unemployment insurance programs .
More generally , economic policymakers should pay attention to family and community cohesion .
All else equal , good economic policies should encourage and support stable families and promote civic engagement .
And to help people feel in control of their own destinies , policies should respect the autonomy of individuals , families , and communities to make their own decisions whenever possible , as research has confirmed the intuitive notion that individual freedoms contribute to life satisfaction .
Notwithstanding that income contributes to well - being , the economics of happiness is also a useful antidote to the tendency of economists to focus exclusively on material determinants of social welfare , such as the GDP .
GDP is not itself the final objective of policy , just as an increase in income may not be a good enough reason for you to change jobs .
Obtaining broader measures of human welfare is challenging , but not impossible .
Indeed , the United Nations has produced its human development reports for 20 years , and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has been engaged in a comprehensive project to examine the progress of societies in order to ensure that economic policymaking focuses on improving human welfare , broadly construed .15
But even though GDP or income should not be the only goal of our strivings , we can go one step further and recognize as well that happiness itself , at least to the extent that the term is associated with immediate rather than long - lasting feelings and emotions , should not be our only goal either .
Remember that I began by distinguishing between happiness and life satisfaction .
Happiness is just one component of the broader , longer - term concept of life satisfaction , and only one indicator of how the fabric of our lives is being shaped by our choices and circumstances .
I am reminded of a story about Abraham Lincoln .
According to the story , Lincoln was riding with a friend in a carriage on a rainy evening .
As they rode , Lincoln told the friend that he believed in what economists would call the utility - maximizing theory of behavior , that people always act so as to maximize their own happiness , and for no other reason .
Just then , the carriage crossed a bridge , and Lincoln saw a pig stuck in the muddy riverbank .
Telling the carriage driver to stop , Lincoln struggled through the rain and mud , picked up the pig , and carried it to safety .
When the muddy Lincoln returned to the carriage , his friend naturally pointed out that he had just disproved his own hypothesis by putting himself to great trouble and discomfort to save a pig .
“ Not at all , ” said Lincoln .
“ What I did is perfectly consistent with my theory .
If I had n’t saved that pig , I would have felt terrible . ”
The story points out that , sometimes , happiness is nature ’s way of telling us we are doing the right thing .
True .
But , by the same token , ephemeral feelings of happiness are not always reliable indicators we are on the right path .
Ultimately , life satisfaction requires more than just happiness .
Sometimes , difficult choices can open the doors to future opportunities , and the short - run pain can be worth the long - run gain .
Just as importantly , life satisfaction requires an ethical framework .
Everyone needs such a framework .
In the short run , it is possible that doing the ethical thing will make you feel , well , unhappy .
In the long run , though , it is essential for a well - balanced and satisfying life .
Thank you for this opportunity to address you .
This is an exciting day for the graduates and their families .
I congratulate you on your accomplishment and wish you the best in the next stage of your lives .
1. Traditionally , when economists talk about happiness or satisfaction , they use a technical term , “ utility , ” whose central role in both economics and philosophy goes back to the time of Thomas Jefferson–in particular , to the introduction of the “ utilitarian ” approach in philosophy associated with Jeremy Bentham , an approach that has had a strong influence on economics .
Return to text
2. Economists have long noted the importance of the rich array of factors that contribute to individual and societal welfare .
For example , Nobel laureate Amartya Sen has been particularly clear in his discussions of the range of capabilities that contribute to welfare while also emphasizing that growth in income is one ( but most certainly not the only ) means to expanding welfare .
See Amartya Sen ( 1999 ) , Development as Freedom ( Oxford , England : Oxford University Press ) .
Return to text
3 . For example , see Rafael Di Tella , Robert J. MacCulloch , and Andrew J. Oswald ( 2001 ) , “ Preferences over Inflation and Unemployment : Evidence from Surveys of Happiness , ” American Economic Review , vol. 91 ( March ) , pp. 335-41 ; and Justin Wolfers ( 2003 ) , “ Is Business Cycle Volatility Costly ?
Evidence from Surveys of Subjective Well - Being , ” International Finance , vol. 6 ( Spring ) , pp. 1 - 26 .
Return to text
4 . For example , see Rafael di Tella and Robert MacCulloch ( 2008 ) , “ Gross National Happiness As an Answer to the Easterlin Paradox ? ” Journal of Development Economics , vol. 86 ( April ) , pp. 22 - 42 .
These authors also report that approximately 80 percent of respondents in 11 European nations report themselves as “ satisfied ” or “ very satisfied ” with their lives .
Return to text
5. Richard Easterlin ’s original analysis was published in 1974 ( see Richard Easterlin ( 1974 ) , “ Does Economic Growth Improve the Human Lot? Some Empirical Evidence ” in Paul A. David and Melvin W. Reder , eds. , Nations and Households in Economic Growth : Essays in Honor of Moses Abramovitz ( New York : Academic Press ) .
His finding was quickly dubbed “ Easterlin ’s paradox ” ( for example , see James A. Davis ( 1975 ) , “ Does Economic Growth Improve the Human Lot ?
Yes , Indeed , About .0005 per Year , ” paper presented at the International Conference on Subjective Indicators of the Quality of Life , held at Fitzwilliam College , Cambridge , England , September 8 ) .
Return to text
6. See Angus Deaton ( 2008 ) , “ Income , Health , and Well - Being around the World : Evidence from the Gallup World Poll , ” Journal of Economic Perspectives , vol. 22 ( Spring ) , pp. 53 - 72 .
Return to text
7 . For example , see John F. Helliwell and Christopher P. Barrington - Leigh ( 2010 ) , “ Measuring and Understanding Subjective Well - Being , ” NBER Working Paper Series 15887 ( Cambridge , Mass. : National Bureau of Economic Research , April ) .
Return to text
8 . The adaptation of mood or satisfaction to changing circumstances is called “ hedonic adaptation ” in some of the scholarly literature .
For a survey of related evidence , see Shane Frederick and George Loewenstein ( 1999 ) , “ Hedonic Adaptation , ” chapter 16 in Daniel Kahneman , Ed Diener , and Norbert Schwarz , eds. , Well - Being : The Foundations of Hedonic Psychology ( New York : Russell Sage Foundation ) , pp. 302-29 .
Return to text
9. Adam Smith ( [ 1759 ] 2009 ) , The Theory of Moral Sentiments ( Munich , Germany : GRIN Verlag ) , p. 119 .
Return to text
10 .
For a summary , see Ed Diener , Eunkook M. Suh , Richard E. Lucas , and Heidi L. Smith ( 1999 ) , “ Subjective Well - Being : Three Decades of Progress , ” Psychological Bulletin , vol. 125 ( 2 ) , pp. 276-302 .
These authors summarize their findings as follows :
“ We would emphasize that the happy person is blessed with a positive temperament , tends to look on the bright side of things , and does not ruminate excessively about bad events , and is living in an economically developed society , has social confidants , and possesses adequate resources for making progress toward valued goals ” ( p. 295 ) .
Return to text
11 . For example , see the discussion and references in Helliwell and Barrington - Leigh , “ Subjective Well - Being , ” note 7 .
Return to text
12 . For instance , see Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ( 1990 ) , Flow : The Psychology of Optimal Experience ( New York : Harper and Row ) ; and Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ( 1998 ) , Finding Flow : The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life ( New York : Basic Books ) .
Return to text
13 . See for example Bryan Caplan ( 2004 ) , “ Gratitude Journals and Loewenstein ’s Challenge , ” posting to weblog Marginal Revolution , July 30 .
Return to text
14 .
For a summary of related issues and research , see Helliwell and Barrington - Leigh , “ Subjective Well - Being , ” in note 7 .
Return to text
15 . The United Nations ’ Human Development Report can be found at http://hdr.undp.org/en .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ’s initiative on Measuring the Progress of Societies can be found at www.oecd.org/pages/0,3417,en_40033426_40033828_1_1_1_1_1,00.html
​ I did not wake up this morning feeling like P. Diddy .
No sir -- but then I saw this video of Ke$ha ( pronounced " Kay dollar sign ha " ) claiming that she does n't use autotune , and I totally felt like P. Diddy .
I am convinced that this Ke$ha person is now just fucking with us .
Not only has her music permeated popular culture in the most unspectacular way , but she 's a bit too self - serving and has zero humility for someone with such a limited range of talent , unless you count dressing up like a glittery transient as a talent .
Tolerating your shitty music is one thing , Ke$ha , but why must you conduct yourself like a total doofus in interviews and other appearances ?
Do you honestly want no one to like you ?
The fine folks at SoManyMP3s have taken the offending video of Ke$ha claiming that she does n't use autotune and put it up against some of the singer 's most egregious autotune - related offenses :
The worst part of that video is that she 's dead serious .
This Ke$ha just wo n't go away .
I 've tried to figure her out in the past , but with this most recent bullshit , I give up -- it 's a losing fight .
I promise to you that I will no longer cover anything Ke$ha related .
I like taking a crap on her , but now it just feels so empty -- so pointless , especially given her awful music and cocky demeanor .
I will , however , pose you this question :
What the hell is she talking about ?
Does she honestly believe she does n't use autotune in her music ?
Is she just being meticulous and saying that she personally does n't use autotune but her producer does ?
Has she even heard her own music ?
Or is Ke$ ha just dumb as shit ?
One particular Buzzfeed commenter summed this whole ordeal up best :
what a dumb bitch .
Truer words have never been spoken .
The third proof we 'll look at is presented by William Lane Craig , a leading Christian apologist and philosopher .
Craig is known for being as well thought out in his philosophy as he is well rehearsed in his debates .
Given some of his great performances against some of the better thinkers in the Atheist movement , he has painted a bit of a target on his back – he 's wrecked Hitchens , put Stenger on the ropes , and has been dodged by Dawkins .
Here is a syllogism of the argument :
p1 . Everything that begins to exist has a cause
p2 . The universe began to exist
c1 . Therefore the universe had a cause
The argument is similar to Aquinas ' proof that we looked at in a previous post , except this version goes a bit further by putting the Christian God ( CG ) outside of Space and Time ( S/T ) .
In putting the CG way out there , it makes the proof a bit more believable when it states that the CG was the creator of everything in the universe .
After all , it 's crazy to assume a being that exists inside of S/T created that S/T – everyone knows you can't exist in something you have n't built yet .
Craig start running aground because even if we granted the claim of the CG transcending our S/T , it does n't mean that it necessarily exists outside all space and time , that 's an assumption on his part , not a claim backed by our knowledge .
It may be plausible that since the CG exists outside our S/T , it could have its own S/T , but William Lane Craig does n't roll with a God that has it's own S/T , he maintains that the CG transcends every S/T – the CG is space - less and time - less – and he does so by simply asserting it as true .
We have zero empirical evidence to believe this , it 's another faith position .
This argument seems to have some special pleading as well , that 's a common problem with these kinds of arguments , if a believer can't make the argument work , they 'll just change the rules to help it along .
The problem with this proof is that it grants the CG an immunity to the infinite regression while at the same time stating that nothing can be immune to the regression .
Well , how logical is that ?
I do n't normally hear a lot of talk about this next problem , but I think it 's worth considering at least ; there seems to be an equivocation fallacy relating to one of the terms being used .
It 's not so clear in the syllogism , but if you ever hear brother Craig talk about this proof it becomes much more clear .
In the early part of the proof , the word “ cause ” is used in the sense of coming from preexisting materials , in the same way my nephew builds his playthings from a preexisting pile of Legos .
But as the argument continues , the definition of the word “ cause ” changes to reflect something that does n't come from pieces preexisting .
One minute we have a pile of Legos which we use to build something , and the next minute , we act as if the Lego pile never existed – I think there 's something wrong there .
But that 's not all , this argument has another problem : if the CG has a mind – which it must if it 's making choices , taking conscious action , or otherwise exercising its own volition – then its mind must exist outside of S/T , with the rest of the God .
If that 's the case , it follows that we could characterize the CG 's mind as being non-temporal ( having no time ) and non-spatial ( having no space , or matter ) .
But that 's a big problem since a mind that 's non-temporal ( read : non-changing ) is by definition non-functioning : a mind has to be allowed to change , since it has to be able to reason , will , and feel to be considered a mind , and the only way a mind can do those things is if it has time to do so .
A timeless mind would get nothing done since it could n't take in new information , it can't think about that new information , or form thoughts about what to do with it , since it does n't have the time to do any of that .
By putting the creator outside of S/T , Craig has only accomplished making a self - contradicting entity – one having a changeless mind – and entities of that variety cannot exist .
Thanks again for sticking with these longer posts , I hope some of you found it worthwhile .
If you think this subject is worth hearing about , subscribe or digg it please !
The latest battleground in the ongoing debate over gay marriage and religious liberty is taking place in Massachusetts :
BOSTON ( AP ) — A Roman Catholic school in Massachusetts has withdrawn its acceptance of an 8 - year - old boy with lesbian parents , saying their relationship was “ in discord ” with church teachings , according to one of the boys ’ mothers .
It ’s at least the second time in recent months that students have not been allowed to attend a U.S. Catholic school because of their parents ’ sexual orientation , with the other instance occurring in Colorado .
The Massachusetts woman , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of concerns about the effect of publicity on her son , said she planned to send the boy to third grade at St. Paul Elementary School in Hingham in the fall .
But she said she learned her son ’s acceptance was rescinded during a conference call Monday with Principal Cynthia Duggan and the parish priest , the Rev. James Rafferty .
“ I ’m accustomed to discrimination , I suppose , at my age and my experience as a gay woman , ” the mother said .
“ But I did n’t expect it against my child . ”
Rafferty said her relationship “ was in discord with the teachings of the Catholic Church , ” which holds marriage is only between a man and woman , the woman said .
She said Duggan told her teachers would n’t be prepared to answer questions her son might have because the school ’s teachings about marriage conflict with what he sees in his family .
Rafferty and Duggan did not respond to requests for comment .
It ’s unfortunately that the Church is choosing to deprive this young boy of the benefits of a Catholic education because of the lifestyle of his parents , but this strikes me as one area where the rights of the Church should trump the rights of the parents , or the child .
In an ideal libertarian world , of course , there would be no laws barring discrimination in private institutions at all .
If a business owner wished to refuse service to anyone for any reason .
We do n’t live in that world , of course , thanks largely to the a history where the power of the state was used to enforce strict racial segregation that was designed to prevent any entire group of people from succeeding economically .
That ’s no reason , however , to involve the government even more in private decisions like this .
If the Church feels that it would be in appropriate to admit a student with Lesbian parents , it should be free to make that decision .
It turns out that the legendary inventor and electrical engineer Nikola Tesla ( 1856 to 1943 ) predicted mobile phones in 1909 .
In an interview with the New York Times ( pictured below ) , published in Popular Mechanics , Tesla states that “ It will soon be possible , for instance , for a business man in New York to dictate instructions and have them appear in type in London or elsewhere .
He will be able to call from his desk and talk with any telephone subscriber in the world .
It will only be necessary to carry an inexpensive instrument no bigger than a watch , which will enable its bearer to hear anywhere on sea or land for distances of thousands of miles . ”
Read the full Popular Mechanics article from 1909 below .
[ Source : New York Times via Popular Mechanics via The Telegraph ]
So the deadline the for the EPA 's " Rulemaking Matters ! " video contest was yesterday , May 17 , and we beavered away like heavily drunken legislators deciding the future of unborn generations late into the afternoon to provide three ( count 'em ) entries to said contest .
The point of the contest , which will award $ 2,500 ( U.S. , alas ) to lucky winners at an unnamed cost to taxpayers , was to " to explain federal rulemaking and motivate others to participate in the rulemaking process . "
Or , in other words , to help the EPA propagandize just how great it and other aspects of the government are .
As the EPA helpfully ( and unironically ) put it ,
Almost every aspect of our lives is touched by federal regulations …
Even before you leave the house in the morning , government regulations help set the price of the coffee you drink , the voltage of electricity in your alarm clock , and the types of programming allowed on the morning news .
That 's more touching than at a Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) staff meeting !
And , let 's face it , most of it is uninvited , unwanted , and unnecessary ( again , just like a Massa meeting ! ) .
Could , for instance , coffee be priced without the " help " of the government ?
Would producers of electricity and makers of alarm clocks have created common standards absent federal bureaucrats ?
Perhaps most important , should we be trusted to check out " disallowed " news in the morning ?
( Thank you , Internets ! )
But in the interest of public spiritedness , Reason.tv is proud to share its three entries into the " Rulemaking Matters ! " video contest , which will hopefully motivate you to participate in the creation of rules governing everything from private space flight to the size of holes in Swiss cheese .
Because as millions of Lotto winners could tell you , you gotta be in it to win it .
" Let Your Robotic Voice Be Heard ! " Produced by Dan Hayes , approximately 1.30 minutes .
" Subtitled For Your Protection , " produced by Meredith Bragg .
Approximately 1.30 minutes .
" Federal Regulations and You : Partners in Democracy ! " Produced by Ted Balaker , with Paul Detrick , Zach Weismuller , and Hawk Jensen .
Approximately 1.15 minutes .
Go to Reason.tv for downloadable versions of all our videos .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube channel for automatic notification when new material goes online .
Here is a list of the teacher ' sexpidemic ' cases WND has documented where female teachers have been accused , or convicted , of assaulting students :
Abbie Jane Swogger
Abbie Jane Swogger , 34 : Teacher 's aide at Highlands Senior High School in Harrison , Pa. , was arrested Feb. 22 , 2008 , for renting a hotel room where police found beer , marijuana , an open condom wrapper and at least four teenage girls and boys , including several of her 15 - year - old son 's friends .
Though categorically denying rumors she was having sex with students from the school , Swogger was quoted as saying , " I was stupid , very stupid .
I already know I was and I can understand you looking at me wrong .
It 's the biggest mistake I ever made in my whole life . "
Police allege Swogger " asked or encouraged " two 15 - year - old runaway girls to have sex with her .
According to a police papers , Swogger admitted to having sex with a 17 - year - old boy and asked police , " How serious is that ? "
The one - time exotic dancer resigned Feb. 25 , 2008 .
Swogger accepted a 3 - to - 6 - year jail term that included a 36 - year probation on May 26 , 2009 .
" I 'm sorry I was not the role model I should have been .
I 'm really sorry , " she told the judge .
Abigail Holloway
Abigail Holloway , 33
The former gym teacher at the Christian prep school , Kings Academy , in Sunnyvale , Calif. , was arrested March 5 , 2009 , at St. Mary 's Academy in Englewood , Colorado , where she was working , on charges stemming from an alleged sexual relationship with a female student lasting from 2001 to 2005 .
The girl , now a student at Whitworth College in Spokane , Wash . , told a school counselor about the relationship that had occurred in California beginning when she was 13 .
During that time , according to the girl , she and Holloway were intimate " over 100 times . "
" We have a very special relationship .
It is a gift from God , " states an alleged e-mail from Holloway to the girl in March 2003 .
" Not many people are going to understand that , but we know in our hearts that God made us for each other ! "
Holloway is fighting extradition .
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
Adrienne Laflamme
Adrianne Hockett : Accused of having sex with a 16 - year - old special - needs student in a Houston apartment she rented for the get - togethers .
The boy has testified the pair would " have sex , drink beer and smoke weed . "
Adrienne Laflamme , 60 : Science teacher at the Brevard County Juvenile Detention Center in Cocoa , Fla. , was arrested June 25 , 2008 , for having a four - week heated affair with an inmate student , 17 , within days of his release .
The boy 's mother said the teacher regularly picked him up from their home to have sex at her own residence .
Laflamme had sex with the student at least 15 times , including one threesome with a 14 - year - old boy .
She has been charged with 15 counts of unlawful sex with minors and one count of filing a false police report .
Alexandria Vera , 24 : Middle - school teacher for the Aldine Independent district in Houston , Texas , accused of having sex with her eighth - grade student – an act that led to her pregnancy and later , abortion – turned herself in to Montgomery County police in May 2016 to face charges of sexual abuse .
According to local media and court documents , Vera admittedly engaged in a long - running sexual relationship with the boy with the knowledge and support of his parents .
Vera , an English teacher , allegedly told authorities she first met the boy , then 13 , during summer school and gave him her phone number when he asked .
She also allegedly said the boy asked her to hang out , and she agreed , and that over the course of a couple of days , kissing led to a sexual relationship .
As Click2 Houston put it : " Vera said the student 's parents not only knew about the relationship , they approved of it and allowed the teen to spend the night at Vera ’s home … where they engaged in sex on a regular basis , according to court documents .
She told an investigator that she would drop him off at home in the morning so he could catch the bus to Stovall Middle School , prosecutors said . "
Alison Mosbeck
Alison Mosbeck , 33 : History teacher at Dueitt Middle School in the Spring , Texas , school district was arrested Oct. 26 , 2007 , for allegedly having intercourse at least three times with one of her students , a 14 - year - old boy .
The mother of one of the students ' friends saw text messages from Mosbeck on the student 's cellphone and alerted authorities .
Alison Peck
Alison Peck , 23 : Former teacher at Greenfield High School in Greenfield , Mo. , was charged May 22 , 2009 , in Green County with statuatory rape after convincing two friends to help her spend a night at a motel in Springfield with a 16 - year - old boy who used to be her student .
Peck had already been charged in Dade County on May 14 with having sexual relations with the boy at a park in that county sometime between January and March .
On the day after receiving that citation , she arranged with friends to meet the boy at the Springfield motel .
On May 17 , she was charged with statuatory sodomy and statuatory rape because the boy told the detective that he had liaisons with Peck at her home in Mount Vernon .
Judges have set bonds of $ 2,500 in Dade County , $ 10,000 in Lawrence County , and $ 200,000 in Greene County and Leo has been issued a no - contact order , told to stay 1,000 feet away from the boy 's home and school and to surrender her passport .
RELATED : Teacher chooses prison in underage sex case
Allenna Ward
Allenna Ward , 24 : Minister 's daughter from Laurens County , S.C. , was a second - year teacher at Bell Street Middle School in Clinton , S.C. , when she was fired Feb. 28 , 2007 , for allegedly having sex with at least five boys .
Some of the purported victims , ages 14 and 15 , were students at Ward 's school .
Authorities say the married woman had sex with the boys not only on campus , but also at a motel , in a park and behind a restaurant .
On Sept. 6 , 2007 , Ward pleaded guilty to six charges – three second - degree criminal sexual conduct with a minor and three lewd acts on a minor .
" Today , I publicly admit my guilt and would like to apologize .
I sincerely apologize for the effects of my actions , " she told the court .
On Feb. 19 , 2008 , she was sentenced to six years in prison .
Amanda Athey
Amanda Athey , 27 : Charged Aug. 8 , 2007 , in Huntersville , N.C. with three counts of indecent liberties with a female student and one count of sexual activity with a female student .
The relationship came to light when the girl 's father became suspicious of the Hopewell High School English teacher 's friendship with his daughter .
She had told the father she was married to a man named Cal but after her arrest , it came to light she lived with another woman named Callie .
Amber Jennings , 31 : Though Jennings was initially charged with having sex with a 16 - year - old , the counts against the Sturbridge , Mass. , woman were reduced to a single charge of disseminating harmful materials to a minor .
She reportedly admitted e-mailing naked photos of herself to a former student .
She received no jail time , only two years of probation after pleading guilty in September 2005 .
Amber Marshall
Amber Marshall , 23 : Northwest Indiana woman allegedly had sexual contact , including intercourse , with several students at Hebron High School , and turned herself into authorities , telling police she knew what she did was illegal .
Amira Sa'Di , 30 : Clayton County , Ga. , math teacher at Mundy 's Mill High School was arrested and charged with sexual assault of a student in November 2005 .
She reportedly remarked she did n't think her relationship was inappropriate based on her Internet research , learning Georgia 's age of consent is 16 .
Amy Beck
Amy Beck , 33 : Teacher at David Starr Jordan Middle School in Burbank , Calif. , surrendered to police March 8 , 2010 , apparently overcome by guilt , according to authorities .
She allegedly had a sexual relationship with one of her male students , who was 14 at the time , from March to September 2009 .
Beck was charged with five counts , including four counts of unlawful sex with a person under 16 and one count of oral copulation with a person under 16 .
She faces up a maximum sentence of up to seven years in state prison .
Satellite systems in space keyed to detect nuclear events and environmental gasses currently face a kind of data logjam because their increasingly powerful sensors produce more information than their available bandwidth can easily transmit .
Experiments conducted by Sandia National Laboratories at the International Space Station preliminarily indicate that the problem could be remedied by orbiting more complex computer chips to pre‑reduce the large data stream .
While increased satellite on ‑board computing capabilities ideally would mean that only the most useful information would be transmitted to Earth , an unresolved question had been how well the latest in computing electronics would fare in the harsh environment of outer space .
The fear had been that high‑energy particles might collide with a transistor and , by changing a zero to a one , alter the value of an individual calculation , producing incorrect results in what could be matters of national security or critical environmental calculations .
The Sandia experiments are providing insights into the effects of high‑energy radiation on these computing electronics , enabling mitigation of these potentially crippling effects in future processing ‑architecture designs .
" We 're getting true on‑orbit data from a space environment , " said Dave Bullington , Sandia 's lead engineer on the experiment taking place in low Earth orbit .
" Data messages are being sent back every four minutes . "
How it works
advertisement
NASA 's " Materials on the International Space Station Experiment " ( MISSE ) program , under the direction of the Naval Research Laboratory , provides opportunities for low‑risk , quick and inexpensive flight tests of materials and equipment in space aboard the ISS .
MISSE provides suitcase ‑like containers called Passive Experiment Containers to hold multiple experiments .
These are mounted by astronauts on the exterior of the ISS , thus exposing the experiments to the rigors of space .
The seventh in an ongoing series of MISSE flights , MISSE 7 for the first time offered researchers power and data connections provided by the ISS from which to run actively powered experiments .
On Nov. 16 , 2009 , the space shuttle launched carrying the MISSE 7 equipment and on Nov. 23 , astronauts manually deployed these containers on the exterior of the ISS .
Sandia has been receiving data from this research payload ever since .
At the heart of these new computing architectures are powerful yet flexible computing chips , configurable to support different missions .
These chips are called reconfigurable field ‑programmable gate arrays ( FPGAs ) .
advertisement
Since these FPGAs are reconfigurable rather than limited to a predefined architecture , their circuits can be overwritten , somewhat the way a read ‑write compact disk has more possible uses than a read‑only disk .
This makes prototyping easier and also permits changing missions on satellites previously designed for other purposes .
Because new generations of FPGAs available from commercial suppliers may not have been fully tested for reliable performance in space , Sandia engineers help validate device performance in a spacelike environment before the devices are integrated into high ‑consequence operational systems .
Sandia , in a partnership with Xilinx , Inc. , designed the SEU Xilinx ‑Sandia Experiment ( SEUXSE ) for this opportunity to fly on MISSE 7 .
SEUs , or single event upsets , refer to electronic changes caused by collisions with a single particle .
The U.S. headquarters of Xilinx is in San Jose , Calif .
SEUXSE contains space ‑qualified Virtex 4 FPGA and a nonspace qualified Virtex 5 FPGA from Xilinx .
Converting the ISS power to levels compatible with the Virtex devices are Sandia ‑designed power converters known as point ‑of ‑load ( POL ) converters .
The POL design for SEUXSE is the first time these efficient , high ‑quality power converters have been used in space .
Special algorithms were developed and programmed into both of these Virtex FPGAs to detect and report particle ‑induced errors while the FPGAs were running typical satellite data processing tasks .
With the data collected from this platform , researchers in future Sandia programs will know exactly how these FPGAs and POL converters perform in the space environment and how to design mitigation approaches into these processing routines to account for upsets encountered in space .
A second experiment called SEUXSE II , featuring even more recent computing components , has already been prepared to lift off on a future shuttle flight as part of MISSE 8 .
For SEUXSE II , Sandia researchers replaced the nonspace ‑qualified version of the Virtex 5 from Xilinx with an early release version of the space ‑qualified Virtex 5 .
" Fortunately , " said Sandia SEUXSE researcher Jeff Kalb , " the new Virtex 5 from Xilinx had a compatible footprint to the previous Virtex 5 and we could leverage the hardware that was designed for MISSE 7 . "
MISSE 8 is expected to launch on the space shuttle in July 2010 .
When it is deployed on the ISS , it will replace the MISSE 7 Passive Experiment Containers , which will be returned to earth on the shuttle , allowing S
An early look at Glide
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Good presentations , and good presenters , are not a result of good software .
But bad presentation software can make creating a good presentation much more challenging .
Rather than complaining about poor presentation - ware , Robert Carr and Amy Wieliczka have been working on Glide : a Clutter / GTK - based presentation application to fill the gap .
Sponsored by the Rensselaer Center for Open Source Software , Glide is a GNOME presentation program in its earliest stages .
Glide is licensed under the GPLv3 , is written in Vala and C , and attempts to do away with some of the baggage of standard presentation applications .
Why yet another presentation program ?
OpenOffice.org is a relatively adept effort at replicating PowerPoint ( circa 2003 , before Microsoft introduced the infamous ribbon interface ) for Microsoft Office users .
It has most of the bells and whistles that are expected for business presentations , but it 's slow , cumbersome , and not particularly intuitive for non-Office users .
The complexity of OpenOffice.org makes it a duck out of water on the GNOME desktop .
One can find more lightweight presentation applications for the Linux desktop , but they typically require the user to work with HTML or another markup language .
For example , for those comfortable with HTML , there 's Dave Raggett 's Slidy , and LaTeX fans can make use of the LaTeX beamer class .
But standalone presentation apps have not fared well .
Many of the efforts have gone unmaintained , such as MagicPoint and Pointless .
Glide is n't the first attempt at a GNOMEish presentation application .
Agnubis and Criawips came and went before seeing a 1.0 release , and neither has had a release since 2005 .
In short , there seems to be widespread consensus that a kinder and simpler presentation application is needed but widespread disagreement on how to get there .
And so Glide is the next contender .
Whether it will go the distance remains to be seen .
At first blush it looks promising , but it 's in a shaky state so far .
Getting it compiled and working can be a bit of a challenge .
Development is moving quickly and the master branch does n't always compile or work properly .
Glide requires Vala , Clutter , and a number of other packages to compile .
On Fedora 13 and Ubuntu 10.04 it should compile , but it requires editing the configure.ac to replace clutter - gtk - 0.90 with clutter - gtk - 0.10 .
The most recent branch is in a state of flux and really crash - prone .
In fact , the current master is pretty much unusable to create slides at all , though the initial release seemed OK .
However , even at this early stage it 's possible to get an idea where Carr is going with the application and the general design .
But it would be unwise to plan a presentation to the board of directors using Glide in the near future .
Glide offers a much smaller set of functionality than OpenOffice.org , but it 's unlikely that the full range of features would be missed by the average user .
For example , how many users actually work with the " Fontwork Factory " to distort text or create custom animations .
Better yet , should those features even exist ?
Presentations are not improved by glitz and fancy transitions , but are supported by simple and clean design .
And this is what Glide offers .
Glide features a three - pane interface with a toolbar for standard operations ( saving , opening , inserting text or pictures , instigating the slideshow mode ) and very little clutter .
The controls for managing pictures , text , background images , and transitions are docked on the right - hand side of the interface as tabs .
So , when tweaking the font size it 's necessary to switch to the font tab .
When setting transitions , one has to switch to that tab .
Adding a foreground image or background image are in separate tabs as well .
The tab layout seems like a good interface decision at first , but when actually putting together a slide with several elements it can be annoying switching between the tabs frequently .
In addition to the instability , Glide is currently missing a few features that are or should be mandatory for any acceptable presentation program .
For instance , Glide currently lacks the ability to re-arrange slides or export them to well - formed HTML or a video format .
Carr has indicated that there will be a timeline editor soon , so this oversight should be addressed quickly .
Glide does feature an export to PDF feature or to export to a directory of images , but it'd be a good thing to have the ability to export to HTML so users could post on a blog or Web site natively .
Glide also lacks a system for creating slide templates , but this can be worked around by creating a single " master " slide and copying and pasting it as needed , which is what many users ( myself included ) already do in order to get around OpenOffice.org 's ridiculously complex system for creating templates .
Carr has also indicated on his blog that this feature is likely to be present in Glide sometime after the first official release .
The text controls currently lack the ability to add bullets easily .
Users have easy control of font , size , color , and alignment , but no bullets .
This may be more of a feature than a bug , since too many presenters fall into the unfortunate habit of bulleting their audience into a stupor .
The number and type of transitions seems reasonable without too much focus on providing fancy transitions .
The program is also lacking one of the better features in OpenOffice.org , the split presenter / presentation display that allows the presenter to see all slides while showing a slide on the projector or second monitor .
One possible mistake in the design of Glide is the decision to pursue another file format for the presentations .
Carr has written that one of the next stages for Glide is to implement an archive file format to hold the resources for presentations , but seems to have decided not to utilize or support the Open Document Format ( ODF ) for presentations ( ODP ) .
This is a shame , since it seems wasteful to create yet another file format .
Overall , Glide does look promising for simple presentations once it stabilizes .
Having created and given dozens of presentations , it seems to have most of the meat and potatoes features that anyone would need to create a simple and effective presentation .
Since Glide is already hosted on GNOME 's
Git repository , one hopes it will soon see contributions from others .
One of the initial complaints voiced on Carr 's blog is that Glide was being written in C as opposed to GNOME favorites Python or Vala , but he seems to be going back and re-writing at least some components in Vala .
Glide seems to have a bit of momentum and interest in the GNOME community , so let 's hope that this push continues .
It 's not yet close to production quality , but with a little more work and a few more hands it could become a suitable replacement for bulkier applications .
Researchers of the University of Minnesota and the University of Massachusetts Amherst have found a novel method to produce sustainable fuel from biomass feedstock .
Paul J. Dauenhauer from the chemical engineering department of the University of Massachusetts Amherst commented that the process of ‘ gasification ’ developed by the team decreases greenhouse gas emissions and doubles the quantity of fuel generated from 1 acre of biomass feedstock .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology has published the explanation of the ‘ gasification ’ process in ‘ Technology Review ’ .
The process gasifies biomass in a catalytic reactor , which comprises controlled quantities of methane and carbon dioxide .
The output from the process is carbon monoxide .
Paul opines that currently followed approaches convert feedstock into hydrogen and carbon monoxide , which in turn is made as fuels such as hydrocarbons .
However , around 50 % of the carbon gets converted into CO2 instead of CO .
Hence , Paul and his team wanted to improve the technology .
So , in order to increase the gasification yields , the researchers incorporated carbon dioxide so as to produce carbon monoxide and water .
However , it is also important to incorporate hydrogen , which partly helps in offering the energy required to run the reactions .
In order to generate this valuable hydrogen , the novel gasification process utilizes methane .
A commercial - scale version of the novel gasification process can be installed close to a natural gas power plant facility , which can readily provide carbon dioxide and methane .
However , the novel gasification process is still not ready for commercialization , as the researchers will have to exhibit that the process works with biomass and not merely with cellulose taken from biomass .
Source : http://www.umass.edu/
He bailed out seconds later .
Then a street vendor — wearing an “ I love New York T - shirt ” — waved down a mounted officer , who saw the white smoke collecting inside the still idling vehicle and made a call that got the bomb squad there by about 7 p.m .
It took the bomb squad , according to court papers , eight hours of work simply to render the S.U.V. safe enough to approach .
Once the authorities did , they found keys hanging from the ignition .
Hours later , after they towed the car to a Queens forensic garage , they found an even more important clue when a police Auto Crime Unit detective crawled underneath the vehicle .
“ The break in this case took place when a New York City detective was able to go under the vehicle and get the hidden VIN number , ” Mr. Kelly said at a news conference in Washington on Tuesday .
“ This identified the owner of record , who in turn , as we know , sold it to the suspect . ”
It had been something of a feat to get the city ’s most senior officials to the scene of the attempted bombing .
Mr. Kelly had been in Washington , for the annual White House Correspondents Dinner , when his cellphone rang .
At 8 p.m. , he walked over to where his boss , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , was sitting and spread the news .
At 10:55 p.m. the two men left , taking the mayor ’s private jet and touching down at 12:20 a.m. at La Guardia Airport .
Fifteen minutes later , the two men , still in fancy suits , were inside a drab storage area of a building on West 44th Street , pulling up folding chairs with police and F.B.I. investigators around a Formica table and reviewing X - ray photos of the Pathfinder ’s contents .
Image The Shelton , Conn. , home where Mr. Shahzad once lived .
Credit ... Christopher Capozziello for The New York Times
And soon , investigators fanned out to find the driver .
All Sunday afternoon , the agents and police searched for the Pathfinder ’s owner of record — a man they knew had bought it used from a lot in Connecticut .
By 6 p.m. , they found the man , in Bridgeport .
He said it was his daughter they needed .
Palin - backed GOP candidate allegedly rips off Obama 's 2004 speech
Lucas Baumbach , a Republican activist who Is running for the state Senate in Idaho , has cut together a wince - inducing video of Idaho congressional candidate Vaughn Ward and accuses him of plagiarizing chunks of Barack Obama 's career - making speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
Ward -- an Iraq
War veteran last seen refusing to back down from his belief that Puerto Rico is a foreign country -- has benefited from support from Sarah Palin .
But he has been absolutely hounded by tea party groups and fellow Republicans for running a bumbling campaign .
On Thursday , several Republican office - holders asked Ward to quit the race after another plagiarism allegation was raised .
Education
Teaching the Mathematics of Infinity
How big is infinity ?
How can one kind of infinity be larger than another kind ?
In this lesson , students explore the infinite by researching and discussing some of the greatest uses — and misuses — of this mysterious , rich and important mathematical concept .
By Patrick Honner
As Americans observe the chaos in Greece , most assume that the strength of our currency , the credit worthiness of our government , and the vast expanse of two oceans , will prevent a similar scene from playing out in our streets .
I believe these protections to be illusory .
Once again the vast majority fails to see a crisis in the making , even as it stares at them from close range .
Just as market observers in 2007 told us that the credit crisis would be confined to the subprime mortgage market , current analysts tell us that sovereign debt problems are confined to Greece , Spain , Portugal , and perhaps Italy .
They were wrong then , and I believe that they 're wrong now .
During the housing boom , subprime and prime borrowers made many of the same mistakes .
Both groups overpaid for their homes , bought with low or no down payments , financed using ARMs instead of fixed rate mortgages , and repeatedly cashed out appreciated home equity through re-financings .
The market largely overlooked the glaring similarities , and instead merely focused on FICO scores .
Yes , prime borrowers had better credit , but their losses on underwater properties were no less devastating .
As the magnitude of home price declines intensified , prime borrowers defaulted in levels that were almost as high as the subprime crowd .
So when mortgage backed securities started to go bad , it was n't as if the problems emanated in subprime and subsequently " contaminated " the rest of the market .
All borrowers were infected with the same disease , but the symptoms merely expressed themselves sooner in subprime .
The same is true on a national level , whereby Greece plays the part of the subprime borrower .
Though the U.S. is considered to be the highest order of " prime " borrower , based on historic precedent , our debt to GDP levels are at crisis levels , and are not that much lower than Portugal or Spain .
When off - budget and contingency liabilities are properly accounted for , one could argue that we are already in worse financial shape than Greece .
Most importantly , like Greece ( and homeowners who relied on adjustable rate mortgages ) , we have a high percentage of short - term debt that is vulnerable to rising rates .
The one key difference is that while Greece borrows in euros , a currency it cannot print , America borrows in dollars , which we can print endlessly .
In reality however , this is a distinction with very little substantive difference .
What if Greece had not been a member of the euro zone and had instead borrowed in their former currency , the drachma ?
First , given its past history of fiscal shortfalls , Greece would not have been able to borrow nearly as much as it had ( They may well have been forced to borrow in euros anyway ) .
Under those circumstances , creditors would have been more reluctant to lend without the possibility of a German led bailout .
Had Greece never adopted the euro as its currency , but nevertheless borrowed in euros , it would now face the same difficult choices , but would not be offered the carrots or sticks provided by other euro zone nations that are worried about the integrity of their currency .
The IMF would have been Greece 's only possible savior .
Many of our top economists now argue that all would be well in Greece if the country was in charge of its own currency .
In such a scenario , Greece would indeed have had no problems printing as many drachmas needed to pay its debts .
However , would this really be a " get out of debt free " card for Greece ?
The main reason the Greeks are protesting in the streets is that they do not want their benefits reduced or taxes raised to repay foreign creditors .
But despite the likely domestic popularity of a drachma - printing policy , would it really get the Greeks off the hook ?
They would stiff their creditors by repaying them in currency of diminished value .
But the same result could be achieved through an honest debt restructuring , which would involve " haircuts " for all creditors .
In a restructuring , the pain falls most squarely on those who foolishly lent money to a " subprime " borrower .
But with inflation it 's not just foreign creditors who would suffer .
Every Greek citizen who has savings in drachma would suffer .
Every Greek citizen who works for wages would suffer .
Sure nominal benefits are preserved and taxes are not raised , but real purchasing power is destroyed .
If the cost of living goes up , the reduction in the value of government benefits is just as real .
Of course , the negative effects on the economy of run-a - way inflation and skyrocketing interest rates are worse than what otherwise might result from an honest restructuring or even out right default .
It is just amazing how few economists understand this simple fact .
Just because we can inflate does not mean we can escape the consequences of our actions .
One way or another the piper must be paid .
Either benefits will be cut or the real value of those benefits will be reduced .
In fact , it is precisely because we can inflate our problems away that they now loom so large .
With no one forcing us to make the hard choices , we constantly take the easy way out .
When creditors ultimately decide to curtail loans to America , U.S. interest rates will finally spike , and we will be confronted with even more difficult choices than those now facing Greece .
Given the short maturity of our national debt , a jump in short - term rates would either result in default or massive austerity .
If we choose neither , and opt to print money instead , the run -a - way inflation that will ensue will produce an even greater austerity than the one our leaders lacked the courage to impose .
Those who believe rates will never rise as long as the Fed remains accommodative , or that inflation will not flare up as long as unemployment remains high , are just as foolish as those who assured us that the mortgage market was sound because national real estate prices could never fall .
Patricia F. Fitzpatrick Dimond Ph.D. Technical Editor of Clinical OMICs President of BioInsight Communications
New crop of companies are adding to the political debate and also providing clinical evidence .
In one of the only U.S. clinical trials testing the medicinal properties of inhaled Cannabis sativa , results confirmed that pot was effective in reducing muscle spasms associated with multiple sclerosis and pain caused by certain neurological injuries or illnesses .
The trial , sponsored by the California - funded Center for Medical Cannabis Research at the University of California , San Diego , enrolled participants suffering from multiple sclerosis , AIDS , or diabetes along with healthy volunteers injected with a chili pepper substance to induce pain .
They were randomly assigned to receive cigarettes filled with marijuana .
The results were comparable to the percentage of people who experience relief after taking other pain medications .
“ This is the first step in approaching the [ FDA ] , which has invested absolutely nothing in providing scientific data to resolve the debate , ” said state Senator Mark Leno ( D. San Francisco ) .
The U.S. Government spent heavily on the first approved cannabis - based drug , Marinol® , back in 1985 .
The drug was developed by Unimed , now a subsidiary of Solvay Pharmaceuticals .
FDA also approved Valeant Pharmaceuticals ’
Cesamet the same year .
Both drugs , however , are synthetic versions of one active marijuana constituent , delta - 9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ( ΔTHC . )
The FDA sanctioned Marinol to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy in patients who do not respond adequately to conventional medications as well as appetite loss associated with weight loss in AIDS patients .
Cesamet , developed as an antiemetic and an adjunct analgesic for neuropathic pain , was not marketed in the U.S. until 2006 .
It is also approved for use in treatment of anorexia and weight loss in patients with AIDS .
The distinction between inhaled Cannabis sativa and an approved pharmaceutical hinged , at the time of the drugs ’ approval , on separating the psychoactive properties of some of marijuana ’s constituents and the medicinal properties of others .
A 1999 report commissioned by the The White House Office of National Drug Control stated that “ marijuana is not a completely benign substance .
It is a powerful drug with a variety of effects .
“ However , the harmful effects to individuals from the perspective of possible medical use of marijuana are not necessarily the same as the harmful physical effects of drug abuse .
Although marijuana smoke delivers THC and other cannabinoids to the body , it also delivers harmful substances , including most of those found in tobacco smoke .
In addition , plants contain a variable mixture of biologically active compounds and cannot be expected to provide a precisely defined drug effect . ”
The report went on to conclude that “ the future of cannabinoid drugs lies not in smoked marijuana but in chemically defined drugs that act on the cannabinoid systems that are a natural component of human physiology . ”
The White House commissioned the 267 - page report shortly after voters in California passed the Compassionate Use Act of 1996 , which legalized the medical use of cannabis under state law .
And on March 18 of this year , GW Pharmaceuticals said that Sativex , its oral mucosal cannabinoid spray , should be approved in the U.K. and Spain soon .
Both countries concluded that there are no major quality , safety , or efficacy issues remaining to be resolved .
Details about final wording on the patient information leaflet is reportedly all that is left to be ironed out .
A few days later , the company announced Phase IIb results of Sativex in patients with advanced cancer who experience inadequate analgesia during optimized chronic opioid therapy .
The trial recruited a total of 360 patients in 14 countries in North America , Europe , Latin America , and South Africa and evaluated three dose ranges .
Sativex produced statistically significant differences from placebo in pain scores , supporting advancement into Phase III , according to the company .
Beyond Pharmaceuticalization
The emergence of public companies pursuing the development of legalized cannabis products may provide a new crop of useful drugs .
On March 24 , 2009 , Medical Marijuana became the first public corporation solely based on medical marijuana .
Bruce Perlowin , the company ’s CEO , established the firm as a step toward legitimizing the industry after decades of advocating the benefits of legalizing medical marijuana .
Richard Cowan , Cannabis Science ’s CFO , noted that the segment got another boost on May 24 of this year when 15 members of Congress led by U.S. Representative Barney Frank ( D. MA ) urged the Treasury Department to set rules that encourage banks to provide financial services to medical marijuana clinics , which they consider lawful businesses .
“ This is just one more important step toward a realistic federal policy on medical marijuana , ” Cowan noted .
A policy that would assure banks that they wo n’t be targeted for doing business with companies that distribute medical marijuana , would definitely benefit Cannabis Sciences as it buys up experienced growers .
On May 24 , the company acquired RockBrook , a fully licensed dispensary providing patients in Colorado with medical marijuana as well an experienced grower of medical cannabis in accordance with state laws .
Cannabis Science used to be Gulf Onshore and changed its name after acquiring Cannex Therapeutics .
The company is developing products both with and without psychoactive properties to treat disease and the symptoms of disease as well as for general health maintenance .
It is looking to partner IND filing and clinical development .
Cannabis Science plans to develop a whole cannabis extract lozenge as its first pharmaceutical product .
Initial findings from informal human trials using the whole - cannabis extract demonstrated that it has the capacity to enhance rapid onset pain relief through oral mucosal absorption .
The lozenge is a part of the assets and know - how acquired through Cannex .
On June 1 , the company said that it was working toward picking up a private company that owned complementary patented intellectual property for specific clinical - stage cannabinoid products and uses .
“ It seems inevitable that at least for some period of time there will co-exist two distribution pathways for this medicine , ” noted Lester Grinspoon , M.D. , emeritus professor of psychiatry at Harvard and long - time advocate for the legalization of marijuana , “ first , the conventional model of modern allopathic medicine through pharmacy - filled prescriptions for FDA - approved medicines , and second , a model closer to the distribution of alternative and herbal medicines , where there is little if any quality or quantity control .
Either way , growing numbers of people will become familiar with cannabis and its derivative products . ”
As individual U.S. states move toward either legalization of marijuana or approval of its medical use , the new corporate voices are adding to the pro-pot choir .
These companies can potentially help advance the political debate by providing the long - needed clinical trials to validate specific medical applications of Cannabis sativa and its constituent compounds .
Separating psychoactive from medicinal properties through “ pharmaceuticalization ” of marijuana may be unrealistic .
According to NIH , Cesamet “ has complex effects on the central nervous system .
Its effects on the mental state ( i.e. , “ inner mental life ” ) are similar to those of cannabis .
Subjects given Cesamet may experience changes in mood ( euphoria , detachment , depression , anxiety , panic , paranoia ) , decrements in cognitive performance and memory , a decreased ability to control drives and impulses , and alterations in the experience of reality ( e.g. , distortions in the perception of objects and the sense of time and hallucinations . ”
At least 66 other cannabinoids are also present in cannabis , including cannabidiol , cannabinol , and tetrahydrocannabivarin , which are believed to result in different effects than those of THC alone .
Apart from significant difficulties associated with titrating appropriate effective doses , inhaling smoke — which can be avoided through marijuana vaporization — and psychoactive effects , the whole weed may remain the real deal .
Patricia F. Dimond , Ph.D. , is a principal at BioInsight Consulting .
Email : drpdimond@genengnews.com .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has more than quadrupled the rent on her San Francisco district office , making the $ 18,736 - a- month cost of her new South of Market space the highest in the House , according to a new report .
The rent - part of Pelosi 's budget , which is funded by taxpayers - is nearly double the next - highest rent in the House : Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D - N.Y. , pays $ 10,600 a month for his Manhattan office , while representatives from Sacramento , Boston and Los Angeles pay nearly that much , the report said .
PHOENIX — As the academic year winds down , Creighton School Principal Rosemary Agneessens faces a wrenching decision : what to do with veteran teachers whom the state education department says do n't speak English well enough .
The Arizona Department of Education recently began telling school districts that teachers whose spoken English it deems to be heavily accented or ungrammatical must be removed from classes for students still learning English .
State education officials say the move is intended to ensure that students with limited English have teachers who speak the language flawlessly .
But some school principals and administrators say the department is imposing arbitrary fluency standards that could undermine students by thinning the ranks of experienced educators .
The teacher controversy comes amid an increasingly tense debate over immigration .
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer this month signed the nation 's toughest law to crack down on illegal immigrants .
Critics charge that the broader political climate has emboldened state education officials to target immigrant teachers at a time when a budget crisis has forced layoffs .
" This is just one more indication of the incredible anti-immigrant sentiment in the state , " said Bruce Merrill , a professor emeritus at Arizona State University who conducts public - opinion research .
Google is done playing catch - up .
Today they 're setting the agenda : With Android Froyo , Google TV , mobile ads and streaming media , Google is n't just matching Apple — they 're taking the lead .
Advertisement
The Google I/ O conference has been dizzyingly dense , with announcements from nearly every corner of Google 's ever - expanding apparatus .
The meatiest news comes direct from Google 's most intense battlefronts : Android Froyo ( version 2.2 ) ; a bevy of clever new cloud services ; and a mobile ad platform paired with Google TV marching into battle with competing products from Microsoft , and much more pointedly , Apple .
What 's New in Android 2.2 Android 2.2 is here .
We 've been using it with Flash 10.1 and it is nicer than 2.1 in some small , … Read more
Advertisement
Google 's last 18 months have been a period of frantic catchup , in which we saw Android reach feature parity with iPhone OS , the Android Market explode , and Google 's confidence slowly build .
Apple had been setting the terms of the battle , baiting Google into action .
The competition was fierce , but the fight was on Apple 's terms .
Google 's tired of that .
In the space of two days , they 've leapfrogged Apple spectacularly :
They 've matched Apple 's mobile OS in predictable ways , and embarrassed it in others ( Flash on mobiles may not be as horrific as Apple has implied ) ; they 've invaded the living room with a dedication and vigor that makes Apple TV look like a jokey experiment ; they 've steamrolled the mobile ad market with as solid a platform as Apple 's and , more importantly , hundreds of thousands of advertisers ; they 've taken massive steps into the cloud , and into streaming — the kind of stuff nerds talk about , but did n't expect to see so soon .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How great is Google 's Vic Gundotra ?
Well - spoken , quick on his feet , and able to take swipes at Apple without seeming snide .
( It helps that he chose to attack Apple primarily on a feature - to - feature basis , although there were plenty of references to philosophical differences , too . )
Somehow Gundotra managed to give an entire presentation filled with attacks on Apple — notably the iPad compared to the iPhone , although that could have been simply because the iPad is the fastest Apple Touch device — without seeming whiny or overreactive .
That 's a coup .
While the entire I / O keynote today was extremely strong , Gundotra was sorely missed when he handed over the mic to other Googlers as they described Google TV .
Google is staffed by nerds and it's to their credit that they put those nerds out in front of the public .
But the near disaster of the Google TV demo showed , when a live demo goes off the rails , you need someone with the charm to recover gracefully .
Gundotra is that person .
( Even though he mispronounces " Froyo " . ) – JJ
Advertisement
" We discovered something cool : It 's called the internet . "
We 've spilled a lot of ink over Android 's lack of media syncing , and what seemed like an half - assed online sync system .
The pieces just did n't add up to a whole .
There was no need to sync to a desktop for most of your data , but there was no easy , slick way to transfer media .
Apps were handled exclusively on the phones ' App Market apps , which was a pain .
The experience was broken , so people complained .
Why could n't we just have an iTunes - style app , at least ?
Advertisement
Well , now we know .
With Android Froyo , apps are synced wirelessly between your desktop web browser and your phone , music is streamed from your home PC to your handset over 3G , and instructions — map directions , search terms , web pages and potential all kinds of other stuff — can be zapped to your handset from a desktop browser .
Sync as Apple defines it suddenly looks tired and clumsy .
The new sync is instant , it 's less redundant , it makes sense .
And the new sync belongs to Google .
It 's the Ads , Stupid
Aside from the requisite technical hiccups , Google 's presentation today was surprisingly assured .
And never was it more assured than during the AdSense mobile presentation .
Here we saw Google reveal something a lot like what Jobs showed with iAds , right down to the " users do n't like to leave their apps " mantra .
Advertisement
But Apple 's presentation was about a new ad platform , which let 's be frank : Ugh .
You 've got a pretty framework for ads , Apple ?
Users do n't care because , well , we hate ads .
Devs were n't too excited , because Apple 's system was new , unproven and , well , not terribly interesting .
Google 's presentation was more shrewd :
They did n't have to linger on the mechanism of the ads , because for Google , AdSense mobile is just a bridge for their hundreds of thousands of preexisting advertisers , to every phone the company touches .
When focusing on these gadget and product side of things , it 's easy to forget that Google is foremost an advertising company .
Apple can present pretty ad platforms all they want , but Google has a proven record of selling .
Advertisement
Apple TV , Blindsided
Apple TV withered not for lack of potential , but for lack of ambition .
It 's as if Apple decided to invade our living rooms , built the box they need to do it , then gave up when it was n't a wild , immediate success .
In doing so , they squandered a multi - year head start .
Advertisement
Google TV is a markedly different product than Apple TV — more like TiVo 's latest box than Apple 's crippled Mac Mini — but that 's only because Google is taking a much more aggressive tack .
Instead of a single box to supplement your TV , Google wants to take it over .
They want to combine TV and the internet in a real way , not with token widgets or content stores .
They want app devs , hardware partners , content partners and search traffic , which for us , translates to apps , tons of hardware choices , a multitude of viewing options and a real window to the internet .
Where Apple TV had iTunes , Google TV will have Amazon , Netflix , YouTube and Hulu .
Where Apple TV had a walled - off repository of downloaded , paid content , Google will have a massive selection of content , free and paid , complementing your regular TV channels , not stubbornly isolated from them .
Google Comes of Age
In the past , Google has always been late to the party — and they rarely outpaced Apple .
The iPhone set the tone and terms for the mobile wars , with iTunes and the App Store looming large over every newcomer , including Android .
Apple TV came out in 2007 .
The iPad is the standard to which every new tablet will be measured .
Through their successes , Apple has defined a vision :
It 's a company that loves control , that changed the meaning and importance of " apps , " and which sees itself dominating nearly every aspect of its users ' technological lives .
It 's a vision that ignores the cloud , except when it can't .
And it 's a vision that has an expiration date .
Advertisement
Google , too , has a hunger for domination , but they 've finally got vision of their own to accompany it :
A vision of cellphones and desktops connected seamlessly — revolutionarily , magically — over the internet ; a vision of media that streams when you need it , and disappears when you do n't ; a vision that sees TV as an extension of the internet , not simply a dumb screen .
Google 's got a ton of work to do .
Android is fragmented , and huge share of the handsets people own today will never take advantage of Froyo 's new features .
Any new TV product takes years to filter into the average living room .
Media streaming is an inevitability , but the infrastructure is n't there to fully realize it , and what Google showed off today does n't address everything .
( The is no video component to their new Simplify Media - based music streaming software , for now . )
But listening to Google 's newly emboldened Vic Gundotra after a particularly uninspired series of Jobsnotes , peering into each company 's future , I see Google stepping out ahead — and with one impressive lead .
Last month , the Commons science and technology committee published a detailed report into the evidence for the efficacy , or otherwise , of homeopathic remedies .
You can read it here .
After taking oral testimonies from scientists , doctors and homeopathy advocates , the committee recommended the government halt NHS funding for this kind of alternative medicine and said the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency should ban false statements of medical efficacy on the labels of homeopathy products .
In forming their conclusions , the committee heard evidence from , among others , David Harper , the chief scientist at the Department of Health ; Kent Woods , the chief executive of the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ; Robert Wilson , chairman of the British Association of Homeopathic Manufacturers ; Peter Fisher , director of research at the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital ; and Robert Mathie , research development adviser at the British Homeopathic Association .
The evidence sessions were by turns interesting , depressing and downright hilarious .
The standards director at the high street chemist , Boots , admitted he had no evidence to suggest that homeopathy worked beyond the placebo effect .
In other words , the products they sell , which contain no active ingredients , are no more effective than sugar pills .
And then there was Peter Fisher talking about how shaking homeopathic products ( which are diluted to within an inch of their lives ) is crucial for the substance to have a memory and so work .
The comment prompted Evan Harris , the Lib Dem science spokesman to say : " I 'd have thought shaking it would make it more likely to forget . "
To which Fisher replied : " You have to vigorously shake it .
You ca n't stir it . "
But I digress .
Two weeks ago , Tory MP David Tredinnick , set down an early day motion expressing concern about the science committee 's report .
He 's not happy that evidence was taken from a limited number of people and wanted to hear more views from people who are fans of homeopathy .
The early day motion itself is by the by .
There is a long and colourful history of nonsense EDMs that come and go with no one noticing .
But what is staggering about this one – as pointed out on David Colquhoun 's blog – is that 58 MPs have signed it .
As Colquhoun , a professor of pharmacology at University College London , says , that 's 9 % of all MPs .
We do n't have the most scientifically literate bunch of MPs in the House today and what a desperately depressing thing that is .
For a full list of EDM signatories , see Prof Colquhoun 's article .
Here is some sensible background on homeopathy .
Savasana
Position of total relaxation .
Balasana
Position that brings the sensation of peace and calm .
Setu Bandha Sarvangasana
This position calms the brain and heals tired legs .
Marjayasana
Position stimulates the midirift area and the spinal comumn .
Halasana
Excellent for back pain and insomnia .
Dolphin
Excellent for the shoulder area , thorax , legs , and arms .
Salambhasana
Great exercise to stimulate the lumbar area , legs , and arms .
Ananda Balasana
This position is great for massaging the hip area .
Malasana
This position , for ankles and back muscles .
Pigeon
Tones the body , and builds flexibility and helps get rid of ‘ stress ’ .
So , start drinking …
There 's not much to say at the start of a story about what 's arguably the most anticipated sequel from Capcom in a decade besides " it 's about damn time . "
After roughly 10 years of waiting , fans aching for a sequel to Marvel vs. Capcom 2 -- the Japanese company 's epic fighter mash - up - - are finally getting their wish next year .
At Capcom 's recent press event , we spied the game 's first trailer and were given a smattering of information about what to expect from the upcoming PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game , dubbed Marvel vs. Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds .
The presentation was hosted by producer Ryota Niitsuma and special advisor to the project Seth Killian , better known for his involvement in that other long - anticipated Capcom fighting sequel .
The presentation 's opening offered a primer on the roots of the fighting genre and placed Capcom at the heart of it , with the various titles in the versus series , including X - Men vs. Street Fighter , Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter , and the two previous entries in the Marvel vs. Capcom series .
The history lesson skipped ahead , past Capcom 's lengthy sabbatical from the fighting genre , and picked up again in 2009 to offer notable props on the successful Street Fighter revival with Street Fighter IV .
SFIV 's success and Marvel vs. Capcom 2's impressive performance on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade ultimately set the stage for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 , which brings us to the third entry in the series .
The game is set to hit the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 next spring and is being developed by what Killian dubs an all - star team of key staff who have worked on the previous versus games .
The title is making use of the latest iteration of Capcom 's proprietary MT Framework game engine , which has powered the original Dead Rising , Resident Evil 5 , and the two entries in the Lost Planet series .
The robust engine was touted as a good fit for the specific needs of the upcoming game .
Given the title 's comic angle , much attention is being put into creating a living comic book complete with little touches ( such as a robust set of graphical shaders ) to capture Marvel 's style during combat , as well as unique in - game events that were mentioned fairly cryptically .
The goal is to create something rich in fan service for comic and fighting fans alike .
While we were n't able to see the proper game running , the teaser trailer showed that Capcom is certainly on the right track .
The minute - long trailer showcased the game 's art style , teased the environment , and showed off some familiar faces mixing it up with one new one .
While the trailer featured the disclaimer that the footage being shown was a work in progress , what was on display hit the right notes .
The presentation then shifted to examining the six characters seen in the teaser trailer , all of whom have had a modern - day 3D makeover .
Wolverine looks sharp and in line with what looks to be his Astonishing X - Men outfit .
Ryu , no stranger to a 3D model , features much more dramatic shading than we 've seen in his previous appearances .
Iron Man is shown rocking what looks to be the Extremis armor , while Morrigan sticks with her classic " barely there " outfit that has seen a visual upgrade since her appearance in Tatsunoko vs. Capcom .
Finally , the Hulk was suitably menacing and featured a bit of a retro look that 's a far cry from his most recent Planet Hulk appearances .
Hulk 's playmate in the trailer was none other than the gun-sporting Chris Redfield , who was clearly having some issues taking on the green machine with his standard gun and knife combo .
Once the main presentation ended , Niitsuma , Killian , and Chris Baker from Marvel were on hand for a brief QA session that touched on some interesting information .
In terms of music , the intent is to feature a sizable amount for the game , possibly going as high as 100 tracks that will include remixes of some of the classics and unique tunes for all the characters ( thus bumping up the chances of hearing an update of " Take You for a Ride " pretty high ) .
The next obvious question revolved around the game 's roster of fighters .
Specifics were not disclosed , although Niitsuma did say the team is aiming for more than 30 but that it would depend on time .
The next obvious point of discussion focused on the possibility of new roster members being added through downloadable content .
While exact details on DLC are still being figured out , the intent is to have something unique .
In terms of the specifics around how the characters are given their unique looks , the process begins with Capcom 's interpretation of a hero that Marvel collaborates on to ensure the hero is true to its most current incarnation in the books .
The subject of control is also , understandably , a source of curiosity .
At the moment the game 's control scheme is still in flux , and the team is experimenting .
This year 's Tatsunoko vs. Capcom offered a good test bed for some of the thinking going into MVC3 .
The ultimate goal is to create a system that 's easy for returning fans to pick and master but not totally intimidating to newcomers .
Overall , we have to say we 're pleased .
While there are plenty of reasons to be skeptical ( yes , it 's an early look , and yes , we did n't actually see the thing in motion , and yes , it 's not due out until spring of 2011 ) , we 're opting not to be right now .
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom was essentially a foray into this kind of game already and hit a lot of the beats we'd want out of MVC3 .
If , as we expect , many of the ideas from that game serve as a springboard for the mechanics in MVC3 , then things should go well .
Look for more on the game in the weeks and months to come .
In this installment , I ’ll look at another technique in the climate auditor ’s toolbox , namely selective quotation .
Once again , our example case study will involve accusations by Steve McIntyre concerning the use of paleoclimatologist Keith Briffa ’s tree-ring based reconstruction in a key figure from the IPCC Third Assessment Report .
Arguing from a cherrypicked selection of quotes from the “ Climategate ” emails , McIntyre has claimed that IPCC authors Chris Folland and Michael Mann pressured Briffa to submit a reconstruction that would not “ dilute the message ” by showing “ inconsistency ” with multi-proxy reconstructions from Mann and Briffa ’s CRU colleague Phil Jones .
Briffa “ hastily re-calculated his reconstruction ” , sending one with a supposedly larger post - 1960 decline before .
According to McIntyre , Mann resolved this new “ conundrum ” and simply “ chopped off the inconvenient portion of the Briffa tree - ring data ” .
But a review of the emails – including some that have never been quoted before – clearly contradicts McIntyre ’s version of events :
Jones and Briffa were concerned that Mann had an outdated version of the Briffa reconstruction , and both urged the adoption of the newer “ low frequency ” one , more appropriate for comparison with other multi-century reconstructions .
Far from pressuring Briffa to change his reconstruction right away , Mann questioned whether an immediate change was required , or even possible , and counselled waiting for the next revision .
CRU colleague Tim Osborn advised Mann that he and Briffa “ usually stopped ” the “ low frequency ” reconstruction in 1960 , and went one better in his later “ resend ” to Mann , by explicitly removing the post - 1960 data .
I ’ll also show how McIntyre has changed his narrative along the way , in an effort to prove that the true “ context ” of the famous “ trick ” to “ hide the decline ” is somehow an indictment of the IPCC .
( Speaking of which , be sure to take the poll at the end about McIntyre ’s next move ) .
But first , once again , here is the cause of all the fuss , namely Figure 2 - 21 from Chapter 2 of the IPCC Third Assessment Report – Working Group I : The Scientific Basis ( 2001 ) .
McIntyre has had a bee in his bonnet about this figure for a long time , as seen in a 2007 ClimateAusit post comparing Briffa and other IPCC authors to Martin Durkin of Great Global Warming Swindle fame .
The restoration of the excised Briffa data is shown in green .
In my opinion , the difference between the appearance of the altered and unaltered data is “ substantial ” .
The alteration of the data makes the proxy reconstructions appear far more uniform than they really were .
Not only was there no “ clear explanation ” of the alteration of the data , but the citation was to a reference where the data had not been altered .
Can you imagine the hysterics if Durkin had done this ?
…
In IPCC , no questions are asked about the professionalism of the authors .
Briffa was appointed lead author of the section in AR4 .
Following the dissemination of the “ Climategate ” emails , though , McIntyre decided to shift his attack squarely onto lead authors Michael Mann and Chris Folland , while Briffa was portrayed as holding out , albeit briefly , against the “ deletion ” of post - 1960 data in his reconstruction .
McIntyre begins by announcing the true “ context ” of Phil Jones ’s “ hide the decline ” email .
Much recent attention has been paid to the email about the “ trick ” and the effort to “ hide the decline ” .
Climate scientists have complained that this email has been taken “ out of context ” .
In this case , I ’m not sure that it ’s in their interests that this email be placed in context because the context leads right back to a meeting of IPCC authors in Tanzania , raising serious questions about the role of IPCC itself in “ hiding the decline ” in the Briffa reconstruction .
In fact , the email in question concerns Jones ’s chart for a World Meterological Office report , but McIntyre was interested in tying this to the what he terms the IPCC ’s “ version ” of the “ trick ” .
McIntyre discussed the fallout from the first IPCC authors ’ meeting in September 1999 .
The emails show that the late 20th century decline in the Briffa reconstruction was perceived by IPCC as “ diluting the message ” , that “ everyone in the room at IPCC ” thought that the Briffa decline was a “ problem ” and a “ potential distraction / detraction ” , that this was then the “ most important issue ” in chapter 2 of the IPCC report and that there was “ pressure ” on Briffa and other authors to show a “ nice tidy story ” of “ unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more ” .
In support of this idea , McIntyre quoted the September 22 , 1999 email from Chris Folland that kicked off the whole discussion :
But the current diagram with the tree ring only data somewhat contradicts the multiproxy curve and dilutes the message rather significantly …
This is probably the most important issue to resolve in Chapter 2 at present .
[ Emphasis as added by McIntyre ]
Soon after , I pointed out that that the main issue discussed was not the “ decline ” , but rather the lack of “ low frequency ” variation in the version of Briffa ’s reconstruction used in the “ zero - order ” draft .
I restored the missing passage from Folland ’s email , thus demonstrating clearly the true situation .
( In this and following excerpts , email passages omitted by McIntyre will be given in bold ; the exchange between CRU scientists and Mann can be found here [ May 24 : Page numbers from the PDF of email exchanges have been added , along with archive email numbers . ] ) .
But the current diagram with the tree ring only data somewhat contradicts the multiproxy curve and dilutes the message rather significantly .
We want the truth .
Mike thinks it lies nearer his result ( which seems in accord with what we know about worldwide mountain glaciers and , less clearly , suspect about solar variations ) .
The tree ring results may still suffer from lack of multicentury time scale variance .
This is probably the most important issue to resolve in Chapter 2 at present .
[ PDF p. 3 , 938031546.txt ]
After my post was brought to McIntyre ’s attention , he shifted his story somewhat ( resulting in a noticeable degree of incoherence ) .
Comments from readers have clarified that the issue at the Arusha meeting was that the Briffa reconstruction “ diluted the message ” more through its overall inconsistency as opposed to the decline , which was still relatively attenuated in the Arusha version .
After the Arusha meeting , Briffa hastily re-calculated his reconstruction sending a new version to Mann on Oct 5 , 1999 and it was this hastily re-done version that introduced the very severe decline that was hidden in the First Order Draft and Jones WMO Report .
In a subsequent comment , McIntyre referred to “ a revised Briffa reconstruction that was bodged together and sent to Mann ” , presumably in response to IPCC “ pressure ” .
McIntyre also restored the missing quotes in the Folland email , but pretended this had nothing to do with the significant change he had been forced to make in the narrative .
McIntyre made much of Briffa ’s response to Folland , which expresses some reservations about the draft text as written :
I know there is pressure to present a nice tidy story as regards ‘ apparent unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more in the proxy data ’ but in reality the situation is not quite so simple …
[ There are ] some unexpected changes in response that do not match the recent warming .
I do not think it wise that this issue be ignored in the chapter .
However , Briffa also referred to his latest work , another key passage omitted by McIntyre .
The multi proxy series ( Mann et al . Jones et al ) supposedly represent annual and summer seasons respectively , and both contain large proportions of tree - ring input .
The latest tree - ring density curve ( i.e. our data that have been processed to retain low frequency information ) shows more similarity to the other two series [ i.e .
Mann et al , 1999 and Jones et al , 1999 – 18/05/10 ] – as do a number of other lower resolution data ( Bradley et al , Peck et al . , and new Crowley series – see our recent Science piece ) whether this represents ‘ TRUTH ’ however is a difficult problem .
[ PDF p. 4 , 938031546.txt ]
This is a broad hint that Briffa believed that some of Mann ’s expressed reservations would be resolved by his updated “ low frequency ” reconstruction .
Mann replied that he was happy to include Briffa ’s reconstruction .
But he cautioned that any discrepancies needed to be explained ( in an email only partially quoted by McIntyre – the bold section was omitted ) :
… [ T ] he major discrepancies between Phil ’s and our series can be explained in terms of spatial sampling / latitudinal emphasis … [ T ] hat explanation certainly ca n’t rectify why Keith ’s series , which has similar seasonality * and * latitudinal emphasis to Phil ’s series , differs in large part in exactly the opposite direction that Phil ’s does from ours .
This is the problem we all picked up on ( everyone in the room at IPCC was in agreement that this was a problem and a potential distraction / detraction from the reasonably concensus [ sic ] viewpoint we ’d like to show w/ the Jones et al and Mann et al series .
[ PDF p. 5 , 938018124.txt ]
Notice that this flatly contradicts McIntyre ’s statement above that “ everyone in the room at IPCC ’ thought that the Briffa decline was a ” ‘ problem ’ and a ‘ potential distraction / detraction ’ “ , a canard McIntyre half - heartedly corrected , but has repeated since , as I ’ll show later .
At any rate , Briffa responded directly to this passage :
I am not sure this is true if the relevant series of ours is used .
We need to reexamine the curves and perhaps look at the different regional and seasonal data in the instrumental record and over common regions in the different reconstructed series .
We would be happy to work with you on this .
Also remember that our ( density ) series does not claim hemispheric or annual coverage .
[ PDF p. 11 , 938125745.txt ]
So yet again , Briffa suggested that his latest series would go some way to reconciling differences , as well as suggesting drilling down into the data for additional explanations .
Emails the next day make it even clearer that CRU scientists wanted to ensure that the new “ low frequency ” reconstruction be used , and that this was key to resolving inconsistencies .
Here ’s Phil Jones responding to Mann a day later , in an email that has never been quoted as far as I know .
One important aspect Keith will address is whether you ’re using the latest Briffa et al curve .
We know you ’re not but the one with the greater low frequency and therefore much better chance of looking much better with the other two series , is n’t yet published .
[ PDF p. 8 , 938121656.txt ]
This can only be interpreted as a “ heads up ” that Mann should use a more up - to - date “ low frequency ” curve , one to be finalized soon and presumably published well before the IPCC deadline .
Mann responded :
1 ) I am definitely using the version of the Briffa et al series you sent in which Keith had restandardized to retain * more * low - frequency variability relative to the one shown by Briffa et al ( 1998 ) .
So already , the reconstruction I ’m using is one - step removed from the published series ( as far as I know ! ) and that makes our use of even this series a bit tenuous in my mind , but I ’m happy to do it and let the reviewers tell us if they see any problem .
If I understand you correctly , there is yet a new version of this series that is two steps removed from Briffa et al ( 1998 ) ?
Frankly , at this stage I think we have to go w/ what we have ( please see Ian Macadam ’s plot when it is available –I think the story it tells is n’t all that bad , actually ) for the time being .
Things as you say will change following review anyways .
[ PDF p. 10 , 938108842.txt ]
Far from applying any pressure for a new version , Mann expresses doubt that such a version could be added in time to the imminent revision anyway and worries that it may be too far removed from the original reference .
But , like Jones before him , Briffa ’s main concern appears to be that the most appropriate ( as yet unpublished ) “ low frequency ” curve be incorporated .
Also , I am not sure which version of the curve you are now refering to .
The original draft did show our higher frequency curve i.e. the version with background changes effectively filtered out ( intended to emphasise the extreme interannual density excursions and their coincidence with volcanic eruptions ) .
The relevant one here is a smoothed version in which low - frequency changes are preserved .
I can supply this and it will be in press by the time of the next reworking of the text .
[ PDF p. 5 , 938018124.txt ]
Thus , McIntyre ’s contention that the “ low frequency ” reconstruction sent by Tim Osborne two weeks later was “ hastily recalculated ” under pressure from Folland and Mann can not be supported .
Not only that , but Briffa explicitly stated ( once again ) that his latest work would overcome Mann ’s reservations about inconsistency between the various reconstructions .
Be that as it may , McIntyre ’s current narrative , as given in his March 2010 presentation at the University of Toronto ’s Trinity College [ PDF 2 Mb ] , returned once again to emphasizing the “ decline ” as “ diluting the message ” .
He also accused Mann of unilaterally removing the post - 1960 data .
The Briffa reconstruction – with its late 20th century decline – was viewed by IPCC leadership as ‘ diluting the message ’ and being a potential ‘ distraction / detraction from the reasonably consensus viewpoint ’ that they wanted to show .
Briffa expressed reservations about the failure of the proxies to behave as expected and weakly urged that the issues not be ignored .
… IPCC section author Mann resolved the conundrum .
He chopped off the inconvenient portion of the Briffa tree ring data – the portion where it goes down – and tucked the end point under other data , giving a rhetorical impression of consistency .
But this too is not supported by the actual emails .
Consider Tim Osborn ’s email of October 5 , where he sends Mann the latest “ low frequency ” reconstruction .
Dear Mike and Ian Keith has asked me to send you a timeseries for the IPCC multi-proxy reconstruction figure , to replace the one you currently have .
The data are attached to this e-mail .
They go from 1402 to 1995 , although we usually stop the series in 1960 because of the recent non-temperature signal that is superimposed on the tree - ring data that we use . …
It is not two - steps removed from Briffa et al. ( 1998 ) , since the new series is simply a * replacement * for the one that you have been using , rather than being one - step further .
[ PDF p. 15 , 939154709.txt ]
So Osborn is clearly suggesting that the series be stopped in 1960 .
Indeed , in reconstruction “ spaghetti graphs ” published both before and after the IPCC report , Briffa consistently stopped his low frequency MXD series in 1960 , as can be seen in this chart published in Briffa & Osborne , Seeing the Wood for Trees , ( 1999 , Science ) :
And , again , in Briffa et al , Low - frequency Temperature Variations from a Northern Tree Ring Density Network ( 2001 , Journal of Geophysical Research ) :
Mann replied that it would be difficult to get the new reconstruction into the very first draft , but that it could come in later :
… I think it may be a bit too late ( past the Oct 1 deadline ) to make further revisions in the draft 1.0 .
It would be a bit of an imposition on Tom at this point given what he ’s been through in finalizing the draft .
However , I see no reason that we ca n’t make that revision when the paper comes back from expert review in a couple months .
We ’ll have the further advantage that the supporting manuscript you describe should be available at that point ( a requirement in the IPCC peer - review process ) .
I think we ’ll all be looking forward to updating the plot w/ the latest series you describe …
[ PDF p. 28 , 939141116.txt ]
And there the matter stood until February 28 , 2000 , when Mann wrote to Briffa to obtain the latest version , presumably for a major draft revision .
I need your newest northern hemisphere density - based tree -ring reconstruction and appropriate reference for updating IPCC .
Please send in ASCII format as soon as possible so we can incorporate .
I hope all is well .
[ PDF p. 28 , 951763817.txt ]
Osborn responded on Briffa ’s behalf :
Keith asked me to get back to you on this .
The reconstruction is the same as the one I sent on the 5th October 1999 , but I ’m sending it again in case that e-mail is n’t handy .
The reconstruction has now been published , in the following paper : Briffa K.R. ( 2000 ) Annual climate variability in the Holocene : interpreting the message of ancient trees .
Quaternary Science Reviews 19 , 87-105 .
Osborn did send the same data , but with one important exception .
I ’ve already truncated the series at 1960 because of the problems with the recent period .
[ PDF p. 29 , 951763817.txt ]
So , once again , the accusation that it was IPCC lead author Mann who decided to “ truncate the series at 1960 ” is clearly contradicted .
Stopping the series at 1960 was the intention of the researchers all along , in conformity with their standard practice when comparing multi-centennial reconstructions in “ spaghetti graphs ” .
Many scientists have complained , with considerable justification , that a selection of emails plucked from context according to some undisclosed criteria , will inevitably give a misleading impression .
But the present review also demonstrates that many of the emails present in the “ climategate ” archive have been conveniently ignored in favour of a meagre selection of cherrypicked quotes marshalled to present a scenario diametrically opposed to the truth .
To say the least , one should take the climate auditors ’ version of “ Climategate ” with a huge grain of salt .
And with that , I ask readers to vote on what they think will happen next by considering possible answers to the inevitable question :
How will Steve McIntyre react to new evidence contradicting his current “ trick ” narrative concerning IPCC TAR Fig. 2 - 21 ?
I ’ll be cutting off the poll on May 20 , which happens to be two days after the Fourth International Climate Conference sponsored by the Heartland Institute .
For the first time , Steve McIntyre and Ross McKitrick will both be in attendance , along with other luminaries featured in this blog , such as Alan Carlin and Chris de Freitas .
[ Update , May 21 : The poll has now closed .
Judging from his recent presentation at the Heartland Institute sponsored International Climate Conference , it appears that Steve McIntyre has not changed his narrative and interpretation of the “ climategate ” emails of September 1999 .
Neither is there any indication , as far as I know , that McIntyre has responded to the facts presented above .
Based on currently available information , then , McIntyre appears to have chosen option ( b ) and has ignored the evidence , at least so far . ]
Other Comics by Sarah
The Phoenix Requiem
Inverloch
Other Comics by Bobby
Marry Me
+EV
Last Blood
&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp ; amp;gt ;
Pals of Dreamless
Sore Thumbs
Superosity
Crow Scare
God Mode
WICKEDPOWERED
Tension surrounding the passage of Arizona 's tough new law cracking down on illegal immigration contributed to the slaying of an Hispanic man , allegedly shot by a white neighbor , a representative of the dead man 's family said Friday .
Police and the family said the arrested man , 50 - year - old Gary Thomas Kelley , allegedly directed racial slurs at 44 - year - old Juan Daniel Varela before the May 6 shooting near their homes .
" When you have talk that becomes aggressive , it escalates the violence , " said Carlos Galindo , a Phoenix radio commentator acting as a spokesman for Varela 's relatives at a state Capitol news conference .
Gov. Jan Brewer on April 23 signed a law that requires police to ask a person 's immigration status if there is " reasonable suspicion " that the person is in the country illegally .
The law takes effect July 29 unless blocked by pending court challenges .
Critics contend the law will lead to racial profiling of Hispanics , a charge denied by Brewer and other supporters of the law .
A probable cause statement filed May 6 said Kelley confronted Varela outside Varela 's home and repeated racial slurs at Varela .
Varela then apparently attempted to kick Kelley who then allegedly pulled out a revolver and shot Varela , police said .
A police statement said the two men had gotten into altercations several times in recent years .
The family wants Kelley charged with premeditated first - degree murder , not second - degree murder , with a hate crime allegation , Galindo said .
" This family wants justice .
They 're asking that violence stop and that Gov. Brewer and other elected officials take responsibility for this hostile atmosphere they have created " by the immigration law and other legislation , Galindo said .
But Phoenix Police Department spokesman , Officer Luis Samudio , said Friday the shooting was not a hate crime , an allegation that under Arizona law could subject a person convicted of a crime to a stiffer sentence .
Robert Shutts , homicide bureau chief for the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office , said the case remained under investigation and that the murder charge could be upgraded to first - degree and a hate - crime allegation added if evidence warrants .
Shutts would n't comment on whether the new immigration law was a factor in the case .
But he said authorities were n't trying smooth over the case or minimize it , as the Varela family has alleged .
" That 's not even close to the truth , " he said .
" We are treating this case with ... utmost seriousness . "
Kelley on Friday remained jailed in lieu of $ 750,000 bond , facing one count each of second - degree murder and aggravated assault .
He has not yet entered a plea to the charges and a public defender assigned to represent him did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
However , a probable cause statement filed May 6 by police said Kelley " made comments to the effect of it was self - defense because the victim attempted to assault him . "
Children are supposed to be one of life 's greatest gifts .
But ask any parent in a supermarket with a toddler screaming at their feet , and they 'll be likely to tell you that life on the front line is n't always all it 's cracked up to be .
But couples who choose not to have children are often viewed as selfish , enviable or sad .
So is a child - free life devoid of meaning or is it all lovemaking on the kitchen table and flying off to Paris on a whim ?
Sunday
Life spoke to both camps and looked at international research to find out who the winners and losers are in 21st - century life - parents or the child - free .
MONEY
It seems like a no - brainer that children are money vacuums .
From the first purchase of the pregnancy bible What to Expect When You 're Expecting on , the bills just keep coming .
According to 2007 figures from the National Centre for Social and Economic Funding , it costs the typical Australian family $ 537,000 to raise a child from birth to the age of 21 .
If parents choose private education , the cost skyrockets .
The Australian Scholarships Group estimates that 12 years of schooling for a child born in 2010 will cost between $ 110,000 and $ 424,000 , depending on the school .
But not everyone agrees .
Research released in March 2008 from Curtin University of Technology compared the net wealth of parents and the child - free ( including housing , shares , superannuation and savings ) , and found that parents were only marginally worse off .
Associate professor Mike Dockery , who produced the research , says it might be wrong to think of children as costs at all when in fact they are a net benefit .
" If you choose to have children and it works out , then you are better off than if you did n't have them . "
One reason the child - free do n't have significantly more money than parents may be that they do n't feel the same pressure to earn .
For voluntarily child - free 43 - year - old Mark Thompson , who works in the public service , it is not about the amount of money he has but the freedom to spend it as he chooses .
He says :
" I appreciate we can do the things we want , like going out for meals and holidays .
We have a flat in the city and a beach house and with children that would n't have been possible . "
Winners Child - free .
RELATIONSHIPS AND SEX
The old saying that three 's a crowd has a ring of truth .
In 1992 research , the University of California Berkeley found women and men change the way they view themselves once they become parents and the part of them that was the " lover " or " partner " shrinks .
A quarter of all parents recorded serious marital conflict after the arrival of their bundles of joy .
Meanwhile , a 2000 Queensland study reported a significant drop in marital satisfaction when couples became parents .
A major issue was fathers feeling anxious , and in turn resentful , about the time the mother spent with the baby .
But while relationships may survive the baby years , sex often drops off .
It is something that childless - by - choice Jan Rogerson , a 46 - year - old teacher , could n't imagine .
" I could n't contemplate not having a good sex life .
If you have chosen to be with someone then it is important to have as good a sex life as possible . "
However , parents do n't seem to have much of a choice .
Melanie Roberts - Fraser , co-author of No Sex Please , We 're Parents , interviewed 150 people and found the news was all bad .
She says : " There was n't a single person who said that their sex life had not been affected by parenthood . "
Exhaustion was cited as one of the major reasons , but Roberts - Fraser also found that couples struggled with their new parenting roles .
But despite the tiredness , Jeannine Burt , a 41 - year - old mother of two , says sex is still on the agenda even if the art of seduction is no longer about candles and champagne : " If I hear that he has folded the washing , made the kids dinner and put on a DVD that the kids are really interested in , then it is a possibility . "
Winners Child - free , but some parents are still trying .
HEALTH
One area where parents seem to thrive is in physical health .
A 2006 study from London suggested that childless women run the risk of earlier death and poorer health in later life compared to their childbearing sisters .
However , closer examination of the findings shows that motherhood is healthy , but only if you do it at the right time or have the optimum number of children .
Teenage pram- pushers , women with five or more children or someone who has two children with less than a 19 - month gap between births all face poorer health and a higher risk of death .
Meanwhile , breastfeeding has been found to decrease the risk of breast cancer in a number of studies .
But parenthood is not such great news when it comes to mental health , with 2006 US research showing parents , both male and female , have significantly higher levels of depression than the childless .
Post - natal depression ( PND ) is also a serious risk , with a 2006 Danish study finding women are at particular risk during the first three months after giving birth .
It is also emerging that even men or parents who adopt may not escape the pain of PND .
But before mothers give up on their mental health , they should be encouraged to learn that raising children may actually make women smarter .
In her 2006 book The Mommy Brain , American writer Katherine Ellison draws on neuroscience research to show that pregnancy and early motherhood improve memory and prepare women for multi-tasking ; and that the hormone oxytocin , which is plentiful in mothers , combats stress and helps with learning .
Ellison found that caring for a newborn remaps parts of a woman 's brain and improves her ability to learn new skills , and that the powerful biological urge to defend children helps women become more creative and competitive .
Winners Parents .
APPEARANCE
For many parents , the first years of parenthood are more grungy mummy than yummy mummy .
Fashion and beauty take a back seat , and sleep is a rare pleasure .
For Christy Capili , 34 , mother of a four - year - old and a one - year - old , the weight she gained in pregnancy was very hard to shift .
The executive assistant says : " I put weight on everywhere and everything began to travel south .
When you have extra weight , you can't be bothered to wear anything special . "
Women 's dissatisfaction with their post - baby appearance is so rife that plastic surgeons have developed the " mummy makeover " , which can include breast implants or lifts , liposuction and a tummy tuck .
The chairman of the NSW Division of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons , Dr Steve Merten , says varicose veins and spider veins on the lower leg are a common consequence of pregnancy , while the skin pigmentation of the face can change due to pregnancy hormones .
Unfortunately , this blotching does n't always disappear after the birth .
Breasts often change shape , with many women losing their breast volume and tone after the birth and breastfeeding .
There is also bad news for the abdomen , which can lose skin and muscle tone which , according to Merten , may not return even with exercise , leaving some women with loose , floppy skin .
Merten says having children does n't give you wrinkles but " chronic tiredness and stress can contribute to the early signs of facial ageing " .
But are parents out there working off the effects of having children ?
The answer seems to be no , according to 2007 Canadian research .
The data found parents with dependent children were " clearly more inactive than non-parents " .
And to add insult to injury , they found that mothers were generally less active than fathers .
Winners Child - free .
SENSE OF PURPOSE
Everyone needs meaning in their life and , in 2006 , Florida State University found parents had a greater sense of purpose compared to adults with no children .
But the US National Marriage Project 2006 State of Our Unions report found that parents were less satisfied with their marriage than non-parents .
It concluded that as people live longer and have more single and child - free years , raising children has begun to be seen as a " disruption " .
This is very different to the experience of the past , when the idea of child - rearing was seen as one of life 's defining purposes .
But for 41 - year - old father of two Oivind Bakken , his childless friends seem stuck in one stage of life with little real meaning .
" I feel as though they have stayed exactly where they were when they were students .
Our life has changed but theirs has n't . "
When it comes to self - esteem and life satisfaction , career women with children beat their childless sisters , according to a 1992 study from Montreal .
But 45 - year - old Cindy Tonkin , an executive coach who was unable to have children , does n't feel lacking in self - esteem or sense of purpose .
" Not having children was a decision made for me , but it turned out for the absolute best .
I coach senior women with families who are exhausted all the time .
I have so much in my life .
I paint and sing and recently went to the US to do an improvisation course . "
Winners
A draw - both think they are the winners in this area .
Overall winners Child - free , by a ( non-snotty ) nose .
Purpose driven life ... parents report a greater sense of purpose than their child - free counterparts .
Courtesy of Sunday Life
For more on parenting and pregnancy : essentialbaby.com.au
An otaku Yui fan has created a 3D virtual representation of the Hirasawa household through observations of the most painstaking character .
A decidedly narrow dwelling , though common enough in Japan .
The prospect of a devout Yui fan actually submitting these plans to an architect in order to build the domicile does not seem as unlikely as it perhaps should .
Kellogg Co. is voluntarily recalling about 28 million boxes of Apple Jacks , Corn Pops , Froot Loops and Honey Smacks cereals because an unusual smell and flavor from the packages ' liners could make people ill , the company said Friday .
Kellogg said about 20 people complained about the cereals .
The company said the potential for serious health problems is low .
Consumers reported the cereal smelled or tasted waxy or like metal or soap .
Company spokeswoman J. Adaire Putnam said some described it as tasting stale .
Kellogg is trying to identify the substance on the liners that 's causing the problem and is offering consumers refunds in the meantime .
The products were distributed throughout the U.S. and began arriving in stores in late March .
Only products with the letters " KN " following the use - by date are included in the recall .
Products in Canada are not affected .
Kellogg 's shares were almost unchanged Friday afternoon , trading at $ 52.69 , 17 cents below Thursday 's close .
RELATED :
SpaghettiOs recall ?
Uh -oh! 15 million pounds of undercooked meat
McDonald 's
Shrek glasses recall : $ 3 refund for $ 2 glass
McDonald 's
Shrek glass recall prompts House investigation of Cadmium
Bigtime English dubstep producer Rusko today premiered the official music video for his new single Hold On .
The song features vocals from Dirty Projectors singer Amber Coffman , and is the latest single to be lifted from Ruskoâ €™s debut album OMG .
Hold
On is departure from his usual sound , but it sounds like a hit nonetheless .
The example of “ Sweden ” is constantly used as a rhetorical weapon against Hayek ’s work , usually by folk who know close to nothing about Sweden and the evolution of its social / economic system .
( And usually next to nothing about Hayek ’s work , either . )
reason.tv has an interview with Swedish economist Andreas Bergh , author of The Capitalist Welfare State , which shines light on a topic dominated by “ pulled out of a hat ” rhetoric .
ht Arnold Kling .
Gizmodo and the Prototype iPhone
The Phone
The first question is , how did the phone leave Apple ’s campus ?
Starting a few weeks ago , some number of iPhone engineers who , because of the nature of their work were already familiar with the details of Apple ’s next - generation iPhone , were authorized to begin using late pre-production units outside Apple ’s campus .
Effectively , they became permitted to use these phones as their daily carry iPhones .
Strict provisos govern such units .
They must remain in cases designed to render them indistinguishable , at a glance , from an ( encased ) iPhone 3G / 3GS .
Such units are not allowed to be demonstrated or revealed to anyone .
Not friends , not spouses .
According to Gizmodo , one of the barcodes attached to the unit read “ N90 _DVT_GE4X_0493 ” .
According to several sources ( of mine ) familiar with the project , “ N90 ” is Apple ’s codename for the fourth - generation GSM iPhone , slated for release this June or July .
“ DVT ” stands for “ design verification test ” , an Apple production milestone .
The DVT milestone is very late in the game ; based on this , I now believe that this unit very closely , if not exactly , resembles what Apple plans to release .
Why did Apple , so secretive about unreleased products , allow these units to be used off - campus ?
There ’s simply no other way to test a phone .
Even if maintaining the maximum feasible degree of secrecy , dozens of near - final units go into field testing a few months in advance of production .
( This is true for Apple products other than phones as well , but I believe the practice is more widespread with the iPhone due to the nature of cellular network testing . )
The same was true for the 3GS a year ago , and the 3G the year before that .
The original iPhone was announced six months before it went on sale ; in the interim between the January announcement and its debut in stores at the end of June , limited numbers of them were used for field testing .
1
A phone that is allowed to leave campus is a phone that can be lost or stolen .
A phone that is lost or stolen can wind up in the wrong hands .
And we all know Murphy ’s Law .
For all we know , this is not the first such prototype iPhone to have gone missing .
It ’s just the first to have wound up in the wrong hands .
The Sellers
California ’s penal code , section 485 :
One who finds lost property under circumstances which give him knowledge of or means of inquiry as to the true owner , and who appropriates such property to his own use , or to the use of another person not entitled thereto , without first making reasonable and just efforts to find the owner and to restore the property to him , is guilty of theft .
California ’s civil code , section 2080.1 :
If the owner is unknown or has not claimed the property , the person saving or finding the property shall , if the property is of the value of one hundred dollars ( $ 100 ) or more , within a reasonable time turn the property over to the police department of the city or city and county , if found therein , or to the sheriff ’s department of the county if found outside of city limits , and shall make an affidavit , stating when and where he or she found or saved the property , particularly describing it .
Yes , I ’m quoting both criminal and civil statutes .
But the plain meaning is clear .
Those who found the phone on a bar stool , if that ’s truly how they came into possession of it , could return the phone to its owner or they could turn it over to the police .
To keep it for three weeks and then sell it makes them guilty of theft .
Here is an interesting case , discussing and upholding California Penal Code 485 in the Sixth Circuit on April 7 , 2010 .
It ’s long , but here ’s one good bit from it :
The only mental state mentioned in Penal Code section 485 is the perpetrator ’s “ knowledge . ”
The crime is defined in terms of two acts , one omission , and one mental state .
The perpetrator commits this offense if he or she ( 1 ) finds lost property ( an act ) , ( 2 ) appropriates it ( an act ) , ( 3 ) fails to make “ reasonable and just efforts ” to find the owner and restore the property to the owner ( an omission ) , and ( 4 ) does so with knowledge of the true owner or means of inquiry as to the true owner ( a mental state ) .
Nowhere in the statutory definition of the offense is there any suggestion that the perpetrator must harbor any additional specific intent .
Now , in practical terms , these fellows had another option .
Speaking from personal experience as one who has spent a fair number of hours in bars , there is a universal protocol for dealing with misplaced or forgotten personal items left behind by fellow patrons .
Wallets , keys , phones , purses .
Whatever .
If you see something like that on the floor , or forgotten on a table , you pick it up and hand it to the bartender .
If you realize you ’ve lost something , you ask the bartender .
Everyone knows this .
This option arguably does not comply with the letter of California law , insofar as the bartender is not the owner and is not the police .
But no one has been or ever will be prosecuted for handing a lost item to the employees of the establishment where the item was found .
Effectively you ’re turning the bartender into the finder of the item .
And , in this particular case , had these individuals done so , the phone would have gotten back to its rightful owner , who , in the days after losing it , called the bar repeatedly to ask whether it had been turned in .
Even if it did n’t occur to the “ finders ” of this phone to turn it over to the bartender the night it was lost , all they had to do , at any point during the three weeks before they sold it to Gizmodo , was take it back to the bar , or just call the bar and ask whether the guy who lost it had called to claim it .
Here is the story about their purported attempt to return the phone , as reported by Jesus Diaz at Gizmodo :
During that time , he played with it .
It seemed like a normal iPhone .
“ I thought it was just an iPhone 3GS , ” he told me in a telephone interview .
“ It just looked like one .
I tried the camera , but it crashed three times . ”
The iPhone did n’t seem to have any special features , just two bar codes stuck on its back : 8800601 pex1 and N90_DVT_GE4X_0493 .
Next to the volume keys there was another sticker : iPhone SWE - L200221 .
Apart from that , just six pages of applications .
One of them was Facebook .
From the Facebook app , they obtained the name of the Apple engineer who lost the phone .
Thinking about returning the phone the next day , he left .
When he woke up after the hazy night , the phone was dead .
Bricked remotely , through MobileMe , the service Apple provides to track and wipe out lost iPhones .
It was only then that he realized that there was something strange that iPhone .
The exterior did n’t feel right and there was a camera on the front .
After tinkering with it , he managed to open the fake 3GS .
Note that you are not permitted by law to disassemble found items .
There it was , a shiny thing , completely different from everything that came before .
He reached for a phone and called a lot of Apple numbers and tried to find someone who was at least willing to transfer his call to the right person , but no luck .
No one took him seriously and all he got for his troubles was a ticket number .
He thought that eventually the ticket would move up high enough and that he would receive a call back , but his phone never rang .
What should he be expected to do then ?
Walk into an Apple store and give the shiny , new device to a 20 - year - old who might just end up selling it on eBay ?
Admittedly , it would be very hard to get someone on the phone at Apple who would know what a device such as this one is .
Apple , like most large companies , deliberately makes it difficult for consumers to reach ( non-retail ) employees .
There is no lost prototype hotline .
But they could have simply put the phone in a bubble wrap envelope and mailed it to 1 Infinite Loop .
Apple ’s mailing address is right on their web site .
And they had the name of the engineer who lost the phone .
It defies belief that calling Apple ’s public phone numbers constitutes “ reasonable and just efforts to find the owner and to restore the property to him ” , as required both by law and by common sense .
Take it back to the bar .
Drop it in the mail .
Send a message using Facebook to the engineer who lost it .
Or , why not take it to an Apple Store ?
That ’s a circuitous route , but this bit from Gizmodo ’s report :
Walk into an Apple store and give the shiny , new device to a 20 - year - old who might just end up selling it on eBay ?
is how thieves think — that everyone else is as dishonest as they are .
Taking it to an Apple Store , asking for a manager , and handing it over would have put the phone back in Apple ’s hands .
Even if you take their account at face value , it is clear the individuals who sold this unit to Gizmodo made no serious attempt to return the phone .
Thus , even if the phone originally came into their hands by being lost , once they made no “ reasonable and just ” effort to return it and instead began trying to sell it , it became stolen .
Consider , too , every coincidence that we ’re asked to believe in this tale .
What are the odds that the person who happened to be sitting next to the Apple engineer who lost such a phone would recognize it as something other than an existing consumer iPhone ?
It was snapped into a 3G / 3GS - sized case .
The screen is higher resolution , yes , but how many random people in a bar — even in Silicon Valley — would notice that ?
And they knew it might be worth thousands of dollars if offered to a site such as Gizmodo .
In my book , anyone who did this with a phone left on a bar stool would be just as likely to , say , take it out of someone ’s jacket pocket if they noticed its unusual nature while the engineer was using it at the bar — which we know the engineer did , given that he updated his Facebook page that evening with a comment regarding the quality of the beer he was drinking .
There is no reason to take anything thieves claim at face value , particularly when it ’s all been filtered through Gizmodo , which has a decided interest in painting a picture where they did n’t realize they were purchasing stolen property .
Gizmodo
California penal code , section 496 :
( a) Every person who buys or receives any property that has been stolen or that has been obtained in any manner constituting theft or extortion , knowing the property to be so stolen or obtained , or who conceals , sells , withholds , or aids in concealing , selling , or withholding any property from the owner , knowing the property to be so stolen or obtained , shall be punished by imprisonment in a state prison , or in a county jail for not more than one year .
However , if the district attorney or the grand jury determines that this action would be in the interests of justice , the district attorney or the grand jury , as the case may be , may , if the value of the property does not exceed nine hundred fifty dollars ( $ 950 ) , specify in the accusatory pleading that the offense shall be a misdemeanor , punishable only by imprisonment in a county jail not exceeding one year .
Given that Gizmodo claims to have paid $ 5,000 for the device , the latter half ( regarding property worth less than $ 950 ) does not apply .
Those who sold the phone to Gizmodo clearly obtained it in a manner constituting theft , whether they truly found it on a bar stool in the first place or otherwise .
There can be no doubt that Gizmodo took possession of the phone , given that they ’ve published photos and videos of editor Jason Chen holding it .
So the question here is whether Gizmodo knew the phone was stolen .
First , Gizmodo coyly suggests that they themselves were satisfied with the sellers ’ tale of trying , and — alas ! — failing , to return the phone to Apple by calling consumer - facing phone numbers .
Regardless if the sellers truly believe that to have been a good faith effort to return the phone , would Gizmodo ’s editors have us believe that they themselves believed that Apple had no interest in recovering this unit ?
Gizmodo ’s primary defense against claims that they knowingly purchased stolen property is that they did n’t know whether the unit was truly an actual Apple prototype until after they obtained it and examined it .
When posting Apple ’s written request to have the unit returned to them , Gizmodo editorial director Brian Lam also posted what he claimed to be his emailed response :
Happy to have you pick this thing up .
Was burning a hole in our pockets .
Just so you know , we did n’t know this was stolen when we bought it .
Now that we definitely know it ’s not some knockoff , and it really is Apple ’s , I ’m happy to see it returned to its rightful owner .
P.S. I hope you take it easy on the kid who lost it .
I do n’t think he loves anything more than Apple except , well , beer .
Note that I ’ve quoted the original version of Lam ’s purported response to Apple , a copy of which I saved , and which is archived publicly here at Cult of Mac .
On Gizmodo ’s web site , this response was edited ( after I specifically noted Lam ’s use of the word “ stolen ” , such that it now reads :
Happy to have you pick this thing up .
Was burning a hole in our pockets .
Just so you know , we did n’t know this was stolen [ as they might have claimed .
meaning , real and truly from Apple .
It was found , and to be of unproven origin ] when we bought it .
Now that we definitely know it ’s not some knockoff , and it really is Apple ’s , I ’m happy to see it returned to its rightful owner .
P.S. I hope you take it easy on the kid who lost it .
I do n’t think he loves anything more than Apple .
The gibberish in brackets ( punctuation and capitalization sic ) was added , and the knife - twisting kick - in - the - balls quip about beer was removed .
Keep in mind that this is n’t the editing of a weblog post — it ’s the editing of what Lam and Gizmodo claim is the response they sent to Apple ’s senior VP and chief legal counsel Bruce Sewell .
Again , their defense , as best I can put it , is that only upon receipt of the letter from Sewell did they “ definitely know it ’s not some knockoff ” and “ really is Apple ’s ” .
Curious , this supposed uncertainty , considering they published their photographs and videos of the device 12 hours earlier with the quite certain headline “ This Is Apple ’s Next iPhone ” .
Now , it ’s worth noting that criminal charges are at the discretion of the District Attorney , not Apple .
Apple can choose to file a civil lawsuit on its own , but a criminal suit can only be filed by the DA .
If criminal charges are made , and they include charging the editors of Gizmodo with the purchase and receipt of stolen property , they can make whatever arguments they want in their defense .
But Gizmodo certainly knew that if it was , in fact , an Apple prototype , that it did not belong to the individuals who were selling it , and that Apple would want it back .
Yes , it could have been a hoax , but that defense could be ( and , I ’m guessing , is ) made by anyone prosecuted for purchasing stolen property of this nature .
Imagine , say , that someone offered to sell you a unique and notable piece of stolen artwork .
You pay them and take the item .
You are subsequently arrested and charged with buying stolen property .
What do you think your chances are of being acquitted on the grounds that you did n’t know for certain whether the item was a forgery at the time you paid for it ?
Further , upon receipt of the phone , Gizmodo inspected it for “ about a week ” before they began publishing their photos of the device .
Whatever their questions regarding its legitimacy at the outset , it did n’t take them six days to figure out it was real .
In the meantime , they kept it secret and did not return it to or notify Apple .
I have two issues regarding Gizmodo ’s actions regarding this story .
First , I ’m fascinated by their apparently cavalier attitude regarding the legal implications of their actions .
I ’m not offended by their decision to obtain this unit and publish everything they were able to ascertain regarding it .
It simply boggles my mind the stakes they have effectively wagered that Apple will not pursue this legally .
Second , publishing the name , photographs , and personal information of the Apple engineer who lost the phone is irrelevant to the story .
It was the dick move to end all dick moves .
Gizmodo is , ostensibly , a gadget site .
The interest of their readers in this saga regards the phone .
Publishing his name did not clarify in the least bit how they obtained the phone .
The people whose identities I ’d like to know are those who obtained and then sold the phone , not the guy from Apple who lost it .
There is no interest served by outing him other than taking sociopathic glee in making a public spectacle of someone who made a very serious but honest mistake .
This , I ’m deeply offended by .
The oil disaster unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico could present BP with much higher costs than previously thought as a result of US government penalties of up to $ 60 bn ( £ 40bn ) , according to City analysts .
The penalties are in addition to BP 's already huge bill for the clean - up mission , which stood at $ 760 m yesterday , and potentially unlimited damages payable by the company to fishermen and other affected local communities .
BP also faces billions of dollars of lost earnings as a result of its damaged reputation in the US , which could result in it being barred from bidding for future contracts .
The Guardian has obtained a confidential briefing , from a top - level US environmental lawyer who specialises in oil industry litigation , to stockbroker Canaccord , assessing the financial impact of impending legal action on BP .
He warned that , under US law , BP is liable for $ 1,100 in civil penalties for each spilled barrel of oil and gas , to be paid to the US federal and affected state governments .
If BP is found to have acted with gross negligence – and there is no evidence so far that it has – this fine would rise to $ 4,300 for each barrel .
The issue of legal liability for the accident is complex , involving US federal and state laws .
City analysts ' calculations of the bill faced by BP have ignored the potentially ruinous cost of civil penalties .
They also highlight the implications for BP of establishing how much oil is leaking from the damaged pipeline , which is hard to measure – unlike a leaking tanker , which holds a finite amount of oil .
BP had been relying on official estimates for the spill of 5,000 barrels per day , which are based on satellite images taken of the surface of the sea above the leaking pipeline .
But BP has been pumping hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersant close to the leak , resulting in vast underwater oil slicks .
The company recently admitted that the actual figure is likely to be higher and some scientists say 115,000 barrels of oil per day are spewing into the Gulf .
BP would be liable for $ 60bn in civil penalties if oil continues to leak at the highest estimated level for the next two months , when a relief well being drilled to plug the reservoir is completed .
Canaccord analysts briefed by the lawyer added that generally these civil penalties end up being smaller than the statutory maximum .
The US regulator , the Environment Protection Agency has indicated BP faces fines over the disaster – but the analysts noted that the EPA can reduce the level of these statutory fines based on the level of compliance and co-operation by BP .
With the spill in its fifth week , pressure is mounting as all attempts to stem the leak have been delayed or largely failed .
There is speculation that BP could eventually face a criminal investigation .
BP is preparing to carry out its latest attempt to staunch the flow of oil from the damaged Deepwater Horizon well .
The operation , which the firm hopes to start tomorrow , will involve pumping heavy fluids into the broken pipe and then capping it with cement .
The technique has proven successful in previous surface oil spills but it has never been tried at a depth of 1.6 km under the sea and BP can only hazard that it has a 60 % or 70 % chance of working this time .
BP said last night it will broadcast live video of the " top kill " during the procedure .
The crisis began on 20 April with the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig about 50 miles off the coast of Louisiana .
Eleven workers died in the blast , and a private memorial service was to be held yesterday afternoon in Jackson , Mississippi .
The Obama administration is increasingly feeling the heat over why it has taken so long to contain the crisis .
As a sign of how seriously the spill is being taken , Obama will break off a long weekend in Chicago on Friday to travel to Louisiana to witness the clear - up efforts .
Bobby Jindal , the governor of Louisiana , is increasingly acting as the conduit of criticism of both the oil giant and the government , vowing to mobilise the local National Guard to protect the sensitive ecosystems on the Gulf of Mexico in the absence of an adequate federal response .
" We are not waiting for them , " he said .
Senior figures in the Obama administration continued to voice frustration with BP , but also displayed internal confusion about what should be done to deal with the slipping timescale .
The US interior secretary , Ken Salazar , hinted that unless BP gets a grip on the crisis the federal government would " push them out of the way " .
This was almost immediately contradicted by Thad Allen of the US Coast Guard : " To push BP out of the way would raise a question – to replace them with what ? "
BP 's chairman , Carl - Henric Svanberg , accepted that the accident had damaged the company 's reputation but said that critics should remember that BP was " big and important " for the US .
" The US is a big and important market for BP , and BP is also a big and important company for the US , " he said in an interview with the Financial Times .
Svanberg said the company 's board felt that chief executive Tony Hayward was doing a " great job " , in spite of criticism .
" This is not the first time something has gone wrong in this industry …
Of course our reputation will be tarnished , but let 's wait and see how we do with plugging the well and cleaning up the spill , " he said .
• This article was amended on 3 June 2010 to clarify that maximum statutory US fines ( in a case such as the BP - Gulf of Mexico spill ) can in practice be reduced by the EPA to a lesser level .
My previous post seems to have stirred some interest and a fair amount of confusion .
Should one use carbs post workout or not ?
If so how much , and when ?
Like a great number of situations , how we manage our post workout nutrition depends on where we are and where we want to go .
If you have followed my previous ramblings you might be familiar with the orientation I use for most of my decision making :
How does a given decision affect Performance , Health and Longevity .
Similarly , how does a given decision affect how one looks , feels and performs ?
Given all this I ’m going to tackle post workout nutrition ( PWO ) first from the perspective of shoring up health , then performance , then longevity .
Low Carb PWO - Why
When we talk health and longevity we are talking insulin management and carbohydrate flux .
For many people insulin resistance is more important to deal with than performance , at least initially .
If one is sick , or just less than optimally well , it ’s tough to imagine optimum performance .
Also , from a purely aesthetics ( gasp ! ) perspective we might want to lean out for summer and not be a fatty .
That was certainly my situation and I feel a good bit better at sub 10 % body fat , especially when Chico is a balmy 106 *F .
I have tinkered with higher carbs PWO for several months and my signs of insulin resistance were simply not budging .
I still have some cortisol issues that are likely driving some of this …multi time zone travel really kicks my ass !
So I finally wised up and went back to what has worked so well for me in the past .
I re-read the article by Mauro Dipasquale , and thought back a bit to what Poliquin had recommended to me at the Biosignature seminar last year :
No carbs PWO , not till one is LEAN .
For men that is below 10 % , for women below 15 % and in both cases , no sign of insulin resistance ( high insulin readings at the love handles ) .
The Purpose of the PWO meal can vary based upon desired effects .
Fasting produces a different effect from both low carb and high carb PWO meals .
People get pretty spun out about which way is “ right ” but it ’s really just a spectrum of options .
In this situation the PWO meal of whey protein + coconut milk is providing quickly digested protein which will reverse catabolic actions of training , with just a bit of fat to suppress the normal glucose release of a large protein meal via glucagon .
This would not be the end of the world but part of what we want with this PWO meal is the MAINTENANCE of insulin sensitivity .
If we totally top off our glycogen stores PWO we impair insulin sensitivity and make it damn tough to lean out .
So , one way to look at this is the a LC - PWO meal is focusing on muscular recovery and growth , while minimizing or limiting the effects of insulin or carbohydrate .
This is in stark contrast with what we will see in the case of the high carb PWO meal .
From my perspective this is THE PWO meal of choice from a health promotion standpoint .
Insulin management , cellular stress mechanisms , hormesis …all the crap I ’ll cover in the book are adressed when we choose a LC - PWO meal MOST OF THE TIME .*
Low Carb PWO - How
I used ~ 50g of Whey protein from a brand called Isoflex .
It ’s a mix of whey protein isolate , hydrosolates , glutamine peptides , some insulin sensitizers and other goodies .
I ran with a vanilla flavor that is sweetened with sucralose .
To this I added about ¼ can of coconut milk ( legit Thai coconut milk … hardly any English on the can , not Whitey watered - down crap ! ) and 2 heaping tablespoons of coco powder .
I shot this concoction down as soon as I wrapped up my Cross Fit Football or ME - Black Box session .
Recovery was good as in I was not particularly sore and miraculously , I started to lean out again , especially when I upped my fish oil to about 15g / day ( Kirkland brand ) .
Overall I was getting in less than 50g of carbs per day and feeling pretty damn good .
Strength was solid , short met-cons were “ ok ” and I started to look like someone who “ strength trained ” .
Low - CARB Reality Check
If you are a strength oriented athlete you might thrive on this regime .
Low carb in general , one or two higher carb meals per week ( or maybe not ) .
You will NOT however win the CrossFit Games or optimize performance in longer Met - con oriented activities .
Several of the folks in the comments section were a little startled by the protein + fat PWO meal which seems completely at odds with what I talk about in 42 Ways to Skin the Zone .
It is simply a different tool for a different situation .
If one is overweight or showing signs of insulin resistance , a low carb PWO meal is the way to go .
Solid food is just fine and likely even better .
Ca n’t everything be Fat Fueled ?
This is a sub-category of low - carb reality check .
In general , I think there are activities / work outputs that just run better with SOME glycogen .
I have noticed in myself and in some other people a surprising level of work output while in ketosis … but I still think there is a bit more to be had from a properly glycogen fueled athlete .
This article from the Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism sheds some light on the opportunities and possible limits of a fat - fueled existence .
Keep in mind , even if you do not EAT carbs , your body makes some .
This might be a natural way to structure training … what hepatic ( liver ) glycogen production can support … but we will look at that in the book !
High Carb PWO - Why
In the LCPWO scenario we are concerned just with the anabolic / muscle growth aspects of recovery .
This MAY play towards performance if our game is strength oriented but it will likely NOT do us many favors if we desire to be the Cross Fit Kid or some other glycogen dependant athlete .
The HC - PWO meal becomes appealing when we need to replenish not only damaged muscle tissue but also the glycogen stores that fire intense activity .
We can do this a dumb way ( perfectly balanced protein / carb / fat meals the same proportion , every day , all the time ) or we can be smart and take advantage of heightened insulin sensitivity PWO to fly protein and carbs into our muscles with less of a hit from insulin .
In this scenario we should see not only solid muscular recovery due to our protein intake , but also rapid glycogen repletion due to the smart carbs we throw into the PWO meal .
How much carb / protein is a great question and I honestly do not have a perfect answer .
If you have followed OPT ’s Blog you will have noticed that he scales the amount of carbs and protein based on volume / intensity of an effort and percent body fat .
That friends , is damn smart .
I know of some fairly technical formulas that involve weight , duration of activity and some other factors , but it all relates to fairly static state endurance activities .
I find it tough to extrapolate much to the CrossFit world from this information .
A nice rule of thumb I have found effective is find your Zone block allotment .
From this use about ¼ of your daily protein for PWO meals , and ½ your days carbs PWO for “ big ” WOD ’s , ¼ of your day ’s carbs for “ small ” WOD’s .
This does not mean you need to weigh and measure every meal , just use this as a tool to find a nice PWO carb / protein level .
By the numbers this would look like :
My block allotment would be 17 blocks .
PWO protein would be 4 - 5 blocks , PWO carbs would be 4 - 8 blocks .
Huge variability ?
You bet , you need to pay attention to how much carbs you need to recover from a given beating .
This IS where writing down what you eat pays big returns .
What about Multi-event days ?
Glad you asked , I hear there is this thing , the Cross Fit Games looming in the near future .
How should one fuel / refuel for events ?
You should have figured a bunch of this out already … now is NOT the time to alter your game plan dramatically but the formula above is a good place to start .
I ’d say most WOD ’s would necessitate 50 % of the days carbs PWO .
If you have three WOD ’s you are obviously not following Zone parameters today !
You should have easy to digest foods ( yams + applesauce is a goody ) as is a shake you know you tolerate well .
A little protein is good for balancing things out , nuts are good for between event snacks .
Whey protein in the yam + applesauce =damn yummy and very useful .
Nothing new on game - day … gas while running “ The Hill ” seems like a horrid day .
High Carb Reality Check
I hope you see that a spectrum exists here … if I throw 10g of carbs into a PWO meal , it ’s still pretty “ low ” .
This is where people need to understand a little of the theory and then just get in and tinker .
I also had an asterisk * up above .
It denotes the fact that although a low carb PWO meal is preferable for health , for longevity I think an OCCASIONAL HC - PWO meal is of benefit for a variety of reasons .
Some of what I will cover in the book relates to two facts which seem at odds :
What is the metabolic profile most associated with EFFECTIVE aging ?
Answer : the ability to metabolize fat for energy .
What Helps to ensure this profile ?
OCCASIONAL bouts of glycolysis ( large amounts of carbs ) .
To this end , once one is healthy , but following a low - carb approach drop in one HC - PWO meal every 5 - 7 days .
Post burner is a perfect time .
Grab my Paleo Troubleshooting Guides
This printable , infographic - style download that will help you troubleshoot some common problems with the Paleo diet .
This has been requested literally hundreds of times from readers and podcast listeners , and we ’re happy to finally debut these guides .
It has a special section on fueling for athletes .
How to use these guides
On the main page , select what area you need help with :
Fat loss
Eating for autoimmunity
Fueling for endurance
Fueling for power athletics
Then follow the easy - to - read flowchart to help troubleshoot or structure your individual approach to the Paleo diet .
Download the guides
Sydney Looks at Closing Downtown Streets to Traffic , Considers Light Rail Expansion
» George Street in the CBD would see cars removed , transit inserted .
Meanwhile , with Metro plans now axed , light rail to the Inner West is being pursued .
Following what is becoming a worldwide trend , officials in Australia ’s New South Wales government , working with the Sydney city council , are considering plans to pedestrianize George Street , a primary corridor in the city ’s central business district .
The proposal , which has yet to be fully detailed , may also include a light rail connection along the route .
The scheme coincides with the government ’s release of a draft study detailing a potential extension of the 4.5 - mile existing light rail line southwest to Lewisham and Dulwich Hill .
This plan for the elimination of automobiles from one of Sydney ’s most prominent streets has yet to be approved and may be dismantled if the current government falls out of power after elections later this year .
The current Lord Mayor , Clover Moore , suggests it will take two years to develop the plan after a consultation with Danish urbanist Jan Gehl , who has recently been involved in the development of street plazas in New York City .
The southwest light rail extension will play an important role in extending fixed - guideway transit service to a portion of the city that has relatively high density but which is nonetheless somewhat isolated from the existing CityRail commuter rail lines .
The northern sections of this route , notably in Rozelle , were supposed to get stations on the CBD Metro , but that project was shelved earlier this year after it became clear that its A$ 4.8 billion cost was simply too much for the limited utility it would provide .
With this new light rail route , these Sydney “ suburban ” neighborhoods will get easier connections to all CityRail lines at Central Station south of the CBD , to the Inner West line at Lewisham and to the Bankstown line at Dulwich Hill .
What they wo n’t get , unfortunately , is anything particularly fast — impossible because of the large number of stations planned , ten stations on a 3.5 - mile route .
The CBD Metro , which would have run from Central Station to Pyrmont and Rozelle , with unfunded plans to eventually connect further south and west , was a bit of an odd solution for Sydney as it did not build upon the well - used CityRail system , with its more than one million daily passengers , nor expand the light rail , which now does not enter directly into the CBD district .
But the Metro would have been fast and frequent ; on the other hand , the light rail line will be half as quick as existing commuter rail and only run every twelve minutes , even at rush hour .
Even so , the light rail connection will encourage better mobility between neighborhoods for a far cheaper price .
It is expected to roughly double annual ridership from an expected five million on the current route in 2026 to 9.6 million if the connection all the way to Dulwich Hill is built .
The New South Wales government has already put aside A$ 500 million for the system ’s expansion as part of a 10 - year regional transportation investment plan .
It is currently operated under contract by private company Veolia Transportation .
The Inner West line is just one among many routes recently proposed by an influential local group called EcoTransit .
Least interesting is the proposed light rail line from Central Station north to Barangaroo , which is a major redevelopment scheme on the CBD waterfront .
While this project would like catalyze growth in the area , it would skirt the edge of the jobs center , meaning more people will switch to CityRail at Central to get to their final destinations , a problem since that service is already at capacity .
That ’s why the news that George Street might be pedestrianized is so interesting .
If light rail were sent down that corridor — something that has been under consideration for years — it could play a genuinely effective role as both an Inner West - to - CBD commuter connection and as a convenient downtown circulator .
The corridor would become the city ’s central pedestrian spine in the model of Barcelona ’s Las Ramblas , connecting the Central Station with Town Hall and Circular Quay , running the length of the CBD .
Jan Gehl expects that the improvements would double the number of pedestrians using the downtown every day to 80,000 — greatly increasing the value of retail property in the area .
Though the light rail line would never serve the number of passengers handled by CityRail , its surface - level operations along a pedestrian street would make it perfect for quick trips from one end of downtown to the other .
If Sydney develops George Street into an attractive walkable avenue with a useful new transit link , it would be creating a new main street for the entire region .
Image above : Proposed Sydney Light Rail extension projects ( without the George Street route ) , from NSW Government
If you 're a woman in the public eye who appears on news programs it 's incredibly difficult to figure out what level of sexiness to project .
In theory you 're appearing on the shows for reasons outside of your looks , and yet it does n't take a genius to realize all programming is , at base , entertainment , and people are captivated by beauty .
In other words : Sex sells .
I tend to dress somewhat conservatively , yet I 've felt the ire coming from both directions .
I 've been told , via Twitter , that I should be banned from appearing on TV until I " slap on a skirt . "
I 've also been told that it 's impossible to hear what I 'm saying because I " dress like a whore . "
I 've been told to tone down my makeup , to ramp up my makeup , that I look great in black , that I should never wear black .
Of late I 'm hearing I should lighten my hair .
But back to sex : I suspect producers rarely suggest their talent wear longer skirts ( there are unsavory websites dedicated to capturing news anchors ' " upskirts " ) and yet the public is so quick to judge a woman appearing on TV whom they deem too scantily clad .
I think they want it both ways : to have their news delivered with a side of flesh and then to act shocked and pass judgment .
If you 're the one appearing on the programs it 's a no - win situation .
A double bind .
And something zero men have to deal with .
Journalist and TV / internet personality Alison Rosen is host of Alison Rosen Is Your New Best Friend and makes regular appearances on Fox , E ! , NBC , CBS , CW11 , A&E Bio , and TV Guide Channel , among others .
She was recently dubbed " the future of TV " by former AOL chairman / CEO Barry Schuler .
She 's pretty sure she does n't dress like a whore .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Diablo Threesome
This music and or audio is not accessible due to copyright violations .
" I made this in spring 2000 while I was w ... " has been removed due to a copyright notification .
Keep exploring !
You can find more similar and music and audio here - Diablo Threesome
BP had prior warning of Deepwater Horizon blowout
By Andre Damon
27 May 2010
BP , which leased the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , disregarded indications hours before the April 20 blast that the rig might suffer a catastrophic blowout , according to a preliminary report published Wednesday by the House Energy and Commerce committee .
The report showed that the Deepwater Horizon had received evidence of ' kicks ' of oil and natural gas coming up the drill pipe several times before the blowout , but disregarded them and went ahead with its effort to cap the well .
The report also outlined multiple safety failures on systems involved in making sure that the well remained under control .
On the day of the disaster , the Deepwater Horizon had just finished drilling an exploratory well and was in the process of capping it in order for a different vessel to harvest the oil .
Halliburton , which was in charge of capping the well with cement , had just finished putting a cement plug at the well 's bottom , and BP wanted to finish the job as soon as possible in order to avoid paying the $ 500,000 - per - day rental fee on the rig any longer than absolutely necessary .
At 5:05 P.M. , nearly five hours before the blast , the Deepwater Horizon 's crew found unusually low pressure inside the riser pipe connecting it to the ocean bottom , " suggesting there were leaks " in one part of the blowout preventer .
The crew received yet another warning two hours before the explosion , when , after a test that involved reducing the well 's pressure , the pipe filled up with three times more fluid than previously expected .
In a follow - up test , the crew found abnormally high pressure on the " kill line , " one of the pipes connecting the rig to the blowout preventer on the ocean bottom .
Despite the fact that this was an “ indicator of a very large abnormality , ” BP concluded it was “ satisfied " the test was " successful . "
At this time , a witness on the rig said the “ well continued to flow and spurted , ” despite the fact that no drilling was going on .
The fact that fluid was being forced up the drill pipe was evidence something was very wrong , and this indication , coupled with the failure of the tests , should have been enough to halt the process and begin an emergency response , including activating some of the valves on the blowout preventer .
But since BP was " satisfied " with the results of the pressure test , it then decided , two hours before the blowout , to replace the heavier drilling mud inside the well with seawater .
While this process was underway , the crew received numerous other direct readings that seawater was flowing up the pipe , including three separate readings , all within an hour of the explosion .
Eighteen minutes before the explosion , the rig 's pump stopped working .
The House Committee 's report noted at this point , the crew attempted " mechanical interventions " in order to control the blowout , meaning they may have tried to activate the blowout preventer .
When this was done , the blowout preventer malfunctioned in several places .
The blowout preventer unit , a five - story stack of heavy - duty shutoff valves , was designed to stop the flow of oil and gas in the event of a " kick " like the one that had been observed .
The unit included a series of valves , ranging from the light - duty annular valve to the last - ditch shear rams , all of which failed .
The fact that so many systems failed simultaneously , after BP ignored continual warnings and abnormalities , show clear signs of negligence on the company 's part .
BP wantonly disregarded the safety of its crew , and of the natural environment , in order to cut costs .
There is no reason to believe that BP executives on shore were unaware of the test results .
It is more likely they ordered the crew to continue capping the well despite ample warnings of a potential disaster .
Witnesses called to testify at hearings held in Washington said they had seen confrontations between representatives of BP , which was leasing the rig , and Transocean , which owned it , over the capping process .
One of the witnesses said representatives of BP and other oil companies were often the " outright adversaries " of employees seeking to maintain the safety of the drilling operations .
Transocean 's chief mechanic on the rig , Douglas H. Brown , said representatives from BP and Transocean had argued the morning of the disaster over the question of replacing drilling mud with much lighter saltwater , which experts have criticized as particularly risky .
Meanwhile BP on Wednesday began its latest attempt to stop the well , referred to as a " top kill , " in which the company will attempt to pump heavy drilling mud into the blowout preventer at the bottom of the ocean in order to clog the pipe .
BP gave the plan , which has never been attempted at this depth , a 60 - 70 percent chance of succeeding .
BP
Chief executive Tony Hayward said the outcome of the plan would not be known for up to two days .
It also possible the failure of the plan could actually increase the amount of oil being released into the Gulf of Mexico .
FOR a moment I doubted my eyes .
Was I wishing it into existence ?
Dreaming it ?
Then , drawing closer , I grew certain that the stripes on the horizon — the ones rising above a fast - food tree line of McDonald 's and Taco Bell logos — were indeed orange and white .
That they did form a telltale consonant near the end of the alphabet .
That after 4 days , 10 states and 20 drive - through meals , I had the shimmering W of a Whataburger in my sights .
" There ! " I pointed .
" Look ! "
" I do n't see ... , " groused my companion , groggy from the fried chicken at Popeyes , the fried fish at Captain D's Seafood and the other fried things at the other fry - happy establishments we had visited that day .
Her protest trailed off , because then she saw .
How , she asked , had I spotted the sign from so far away ?
A surprisingly large collections of galaxies ( red dots ) stands out at a remarkably large distance in this composite image combining infrared and visible - light observations .
NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope contributed to the infrared component of the observations , while shorter - wavelength infrared and visible data are provided by Japan 's Subaru telescope atop Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
COLLEGE STATION , Texas , May 11 ( UPI ) -- U.S. astronomers using NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope say they 've discovered what might be the earliest , most distant cluster of galaxies ever found .
Texas A&M University scientists who led the study said the group of approximately 60 galaxies is nearly 10 billion years old , born just 4 billion years after the Big Bang .
Advertisement
But Assistant Professor Casey Papovich said the amazing part of the discovery is neither the size nor age of the cluster , but rather its surprisingly modern appearance -- a huge , red collection of galaxies previously thought typical of only present - day galaxies .
" It 's like we dug an archaeological site in Rome and found pieces of modern Rome amongst the ruins , " Papovich said .
He said the newly discovered cluster has enormous red galaxies at its center containing nearly 10 times as many stars as the Milky Way .
He said before now , such a finding would have been considered highly unlikely .
" The predictions are that these things should be very rare when the universe was 4 billion years old , and yet , we found them , " Papovich said .
The research that included astronomers from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the Carnegie Observatories is to be published in the Astrophysical Journal .
If you did n’t already know , I am an avid gaming enthusiast and these 20 beautiful 3D landscapes take me back the days I was slaying boars in Hyboria and enjoying a quick pint of ale in the Ironforge Inn .
This shows you what can be achieved with 3D landscaping tools such as 3D Studio Max , Vue , Maya and Photoshop .
Please enjoy this stunning selection of epic landscapes and let us know which is your favourite in the comments below !
Please note that clicking on the landscapes below will take you to the full sized version and will also give you the opportunity to visit the artists full portfolio .
Nice View by 00 AngelicDevil00
Dawn in the Valley by 00 AngelicDevil00
Ancient Temples by hardyguardy
Land of the Na’vi by 00 AngelicDevil00
Ocean of Fire by Gate - To - Nowhere
Sanctuary by 00 AngelicDevil00
Rice Valley by frenic
Elven Lake by 00 AngelicDevil00
Forever Fountain by 00AngelicDevil00
The Scent of Spring by 00 AngelicDevil00
Dreamer ’s Paradise by 00 AngelicDevil00
Floating Dreams by 00 AngelicDevil00
Paradise valley by priteeboy
The Monastery by 00 AngelicDevil00
Tangerine Dream by Orikon
The Magic Swamp by 00 AngelicDevil00
reasures of Asia by 00 AngelicDevil00
Somewhere in China by 00 AngelicDevil00
Woodland Waterway by DIGITAL -DOM
Twilight ’s Choreography by Ninjagecko
On a side note , we are looking for some of your contributions !
Got something creative to share with the community ?
Now is the perfect time to get involved !
Learn more about Contributing .
Image caption
The team observed collisions in the Tevatron accelerator
A US - based physics experiment has found a clue as to why the world around us is composed of normal matter and not its shadowy opposite : anti-matter .
Anti-matter is rare today ; it can be produced in " atom smashers " , in nuclear reactions or by cosmic rays .
But physicists think the Big Bang should have produced equal amounts of matter and its opposite .
New results from the DZero experiment at Fermilab in Illinois provide a clue to what happened to all the anti-matter .
Many of us felt goose bumps when we saw the result Stefan Soldner - Rembold , DZero co-spokesperson
This is regarded by many researchers as one of the biggest mysteries in cosmology .
The data even offer hints of new physics beyond what can be explained by current theories .
For each basic particle of matter , there exists an anti-particle with the same mass but the opposite electric charge .
For example , the negatively charged electron has a positively charged anti-particle called the positron .
But when a particle and its anti-particle collide , they are " annihilated " in a flash of energy , yielding new particles and anti-particles .
Similar processes occurring at the beginning of the Universe should have left us with equal amounts of matter and anti-matter .
Yet , paradoxically , today we live in a Universe made up overwhelmingly of matter .
Unexplained result
Researchers working on the DZero experiment observed collisions of protons and anti-protons in Fermilab 's Tevatron particle accelerator .
They found that these collisions produced pairs of matter particles slightly more often than they yielded anti-matter particles .
The results show a 1 % difference in the production of pairs of muon ( matter ) particles and pairs of anti-muons ( anti- matter particles ) in these high - energy collisions .
" Many of us felt goose bumps when we saw the result , " said Stefan Soldner - Rembold , one of the spokespeople for DZero .
" We knew we were seeing something beyond what we have seen before and beyond what current theories can explain . "
Dr Guennadi Borissov , from Lancaster University in the UK , who is co-leader of the project , said : " This beautiful result provides important input to understanding the matter dominance in the Universe .
" The DZero experiment is still collecting data and so , as long as funding for our work continues , we can expect to make even more precise measurements of this effect in the future . "
The dominance of matter in the Universe is possible only if there are differences in the behaviour of particles and anti-particles .
Image caption LHCb was designed to shed light on the anti-matter puzzle
Physicists had already seen such differences - known as called " CP violation " .
But these known differences are much too small to explain why the Universe appears to prefer matter over anti-matter .
Indeed , these previous observations were fully consistent with the current theory , known as the Standard Model .
This is the framework drawn up in the 1970s to explain the interactions of sub-atomic particles .
Researchers say the new findings , submitted for publication in the journal Physical Review D , show much more significant " asymmetry " of matter and anti-matter - beyond what can be explained by the Standard Model .
If the results are confirmed by other experiments , such as the Collider Detector ( CDF ) at Fermilab , the effect seen by the DZero team could move researchers along in their efforts to understand the dominance of matter in today 's Universe .
The data presage results expected from another experiment , called LHCb , which is based at the Large Hadron Collider near Geneva .
LHCb was specifically designed to shed light on this central question in particle physics .
Commenting on the latest findings , Dr Tara Shears , a particle physicist at the University of Liverpool who works on LHCb and CDF , said : " It 's not yet at the stage of a discovery or an explanation , but it is a very tantalising hint of what might be . "
Dr Shears , who is not a member of the DZero team , added : " It certainly means that LHCb will be eager to look for the same effect , to confirm whether it exists and if it does , to make a more precise measurement . "
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Good gosh - - it 's kind of depressing to see a bathroom bigger and nicer than yours , located in an airplane .
Granted it 's not any old airplane , it 's Lufthansa 's new Airbus A380 , in the First Class cabin :
Instead of just a washroom with a lavatory , First Class passengers will find a luxurious bathroom with wash and changing areas separated from the lavatory area .
The room is well - equipped with various bath amenities and provides plenty of space to move around in .
Of course the rest of the cabin does n't look too shabby either , and the designers sought heavy customer input from Lufthansa 's high rollers .
" From the outset , their experiences and wishes were integrated into the design , " says the company .
Hit the jump to read and see the results .
In order to adapt the new First Class concept to the actual needs of passengers , Lufthansa customers were substantially involved in its development .
From the outset , their experiences and wishes were integrated into the design .
A quiet atmosphere is one of the most important needs of First Class customers .
Sound - absorbing curtains partition off the rest of the cabin , while special sound - insulating material in the aircraft 's outer skin and sound - absorbing carpeting block footstep noise and ensure the world 's quietest First Class cabin .
The atmosphere soon lets passengers forget that they are travelling by air .
Another important factor in customer comfort is the newly developed seat , which combines ergonomics and comfort and which can be extended to create the " best bed in its class " .
Measuring 2.07 metres in length and 80 centimetres in width , the comfortable bed offers plenty of room , enabling passengers to enjoy deep , relaxing sleep .
The air humidification system -- the first of its kind to be installed on a commercial aircraft -- and the lighting concept , which adjusts according to the time of day , also contribute towards passengers ' well - being on board .
On the A380 , First Class passengers have an extraordinary amount of space .
In the cabin , overhead bins were omitted in order to provide more headroom .
Instead , each passenger has an individual closet , which is lockable , in addition to the generous storage facilities around the seat .
Guest Post : Why Perl is n't Going Away Soon ( Or Ever )
by Ostatic Staff - May. 10 , 2010
Related Blog Posts Top Screencast Sites for Open - Source Developers
Lately , the Perl language has had less buzz surrounding it than many other languages and development environments , but Perl is still a key component on the Internet .
For this guest post , we asked Jeff Hobbs , Director of Engineering at ActiveState , to weigh in on the topic .
Why Perl is n't Going Away Soon ( or Ever )
By Jeff Hobbs , Director of Engineering , ActiveState
Out of sight , and out of mind .
Perl has taken a backseat the last few years in terms of hype , but the language is alive , well , and still holding the Internet together .
With the release of Perl 5.12 a few weeks ago , it 's time to take stock of and address the misconceptions around Perl .
Yes , Perl 6 is still a long way from being production - ready , by many metrics of " production - ready " .
We 'll get to that more in a moment .
However , Perl 6 development is being continued in parallel with Perl 5 .
Though it might not be obvious from media coverage of the open source landscape , the Perl community is still thriving , evolving , and releasing consistent improvements to Perl 5 and supporting technologies .
That 's really important , so let 's say it again : Perl 5 development is continuing at the same time as Perl 6 development .
The Perl 5 community is moving forward at a good clip .
Look at the Perl 5.12.0 release announcement from mid-April .
More than 200 contributors have poured in over 5,000 changes in the two years of Perl development since 5.10 was released .
Development wo n't stop there , of course .
The Perl development team has moved from feature - related releases to time - based releases .
Perl will have monthly development releases and a yearly stable release for the Perl 5 platform .
Odds are , you did n't read about the 5.12 release outside of Ryan Paul 's overview on Ars Technica .
You see , Perl not being dead and just continuing business as usual does n't make for compelling news .
Also , let 's admit , the Perl community has a great deal of competence in producing software , but could n't market its way out of a soaking wet paper bag .
So , the primary failing of Perl these days is an insufficient quantity of hype and clarity regarding the future of the language .
If Perl is n't being hyped at the same level as other interpreted languages being used today for enterprise applications and Web development , why is it neck - and - neck with other languages in its class ?
The answers are longevity , maturity , and a rich ecosystem of development tools and modules that developers can leverage for almost any programming task .
Consider the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network ( CPAN ) .
CPAN is an enormous collection of software and documentation , largely unmatched outside of the Perl community .
Yes , other languages have similar repositories patterned after CPAN -- but thus far none have matched CPAN for its size and scope .
CPAN continues to grow at a rapid clip .
Perl 's ecosystem for consuming modules continues to evolve as well .
While CPAN 's collection of Perl modules is much beloved in the Perl community , and envied outside of it , CPAN.pm has ( rightly ) been criticized for its lack of simplicity .
As powerful as CPAN is , installing modules using CPAN.pm is a little bit frustrating , particularly for developers new to the language .
Taking that to heart , Tatsuhiko Miyagawa has recently come up with cpanminus .
As the name suggests , cpanminus is not quite as full - featured as CPAN .
pm -- nor does it need to be .
The idea is to just get the job done , quickly , and let developers get on with it .
There is the Catalyst web framework that speeds up web development in a similar fashion to Ruby on Rails -- but with Perl 's CPAN behind it .
There 's also ActivePerl which is a commercial - grade Perl distribution with a convenient package manager for easy Perl module management .
The Plack webserver interface .
You might notice that Perl is borrowing ideas from other languages .
This another sign of a healthy community , and influence coming full circle .
There 's a lot of Perl in PHP and Ruby , and now the developments in those communities are coming around to Perl .
Signs of Life
One only has to look to see that Perl is still thriving .
Search Google Code Search for Perl ( with the lang : perl search operator ) and you 'll receive more than half a million results .
Ruby is shy of 400,000 , Python has a respectable 465,000 results .
To be fair , PHP outstrips them with more than 800,000 , but that only speaks to the fact that PHP is also amazingly popular .
Considering adding Perl to your list of languages ?
You 'd be wise to do so .
Perl may not be as buzzword compliant as PHP or Python , but it 's every bit as relevant in the job market .
Perhaps more so .
A recent search for Perl jobs on Dice.com turned up 4,126 matches against PHP's 2,127 .
Python matched only 1,742 , and .
Net only 1,025 .
Searching Linked
In turns up 403 results , Python 352 , and .
Net 439 results .
Is this an authoritative metric ?
No , but it does demonstrate that Perl still commands attention in the job market .
Perl 6 Soldiers
On
Since much of the confusion over Perl 's health stems from misconceptions about Perl 6 , let 's address the status of Perl 6 and how it relates to Perl 5 .
It 's tempting to think of Perl 6 as the successor to Perl 5 in the same way that Windows 7 was the successor to Windows Vista , or PHP 5 is the successor to PHP 4 .
That may have originally been the intent , but a more accurate analogy is to think of Perl 6 as another sibling in the Perl family .
Even when Perl 6 is " officially " released , Perl 5 may continue to be developed and enjoy a life of its own side - by - side with Perl 6 .
How is Perl 6 ?
It 's moving along with regular releases of Rakudo Perl , an implementation of Perl 6 that runs on top of the Parrot virtual machine .
It may not be ready to replace Perl 5 for some time , but it 's continuing and should be an interesting option when ready .
Summary
Though it may not be readily apparent at first glance , Perl is healthy and growing .
After a short lapse , Perl development is picking up and enthusiasm for Perl 5 is as strong as ever .
Disclosure : Jeff Hobbs is Director of Engineering at ActiveState , which offers development , management and distribution solutions for Perl .
Image caption
There is expectation after the US 's dramatic late winner against Algeria
Millions in the US will watch as the national team takes on Ghana in the second round of the World Cup , so has the usually football - ambivalent nation changed its mind ?
Football fans are really starting to wonder whether this is finally " it " .
The " it " in question is the moment that the US finally embraces football .
There are plenty of clues that World Cup fever is spreading to the US .
Go to places like New York or Washington DC and bars have been opening at 0700 to cater for thirsty fans .
The late winner against Algeria has to be considered probably the most significant game in the history of US soccer Glenn Davis , Ex-player and pundit
In New York , business at bars showing the football has been brisk .
Jack Keane , owner of Nevada Smiths , a specialist football bar for 20 years , has been packing them in throughout the tournament .
" The World Cup brings mainstream America into the picture .
There are people coming in here who have never watched football before . "
There have been big crowds at outdoor screenings .
Thousands turned up for the US - England clash at Dupont Circle in the centre of Washington .
And the viewing figures certainly seem to suggest that interest is intensifying .
Ratings gains
For the 40 games shown on the sports network ESPN and ABC , ratings are up 40 % on Germany 2006 .
Image caption Landon Donovan 's fame is growing
ESPN got 6.1 million viewers for the crucial US v Algeria clash , the most - watched football match it had ever shown .
Not bad for a game that kicked off at 10 am for East Coast viewers and 7 am for West Coast viewers .
ESPN also claimed to have gained the largest ever audience for a sports event on the web , with 1.1 million people watching that way .
But bald statistics pale in comparison to the evidence of cultural penetration , as the US - Algeria match has provided .
The day after Landon Donovan 's stoppage time winner , an image of the joyful moment was on the front page of virtually every major US newspaper .
Days earlier , the US 's controversially disallowed winner was discussed on news networks and even became the subject of a skit on the satirical Daily Show .
Poster boy
" The late winner against Algeria has to be considered probably the most significant game in the history of US soccer , " says Glenn Davis , who played for the Houston Dynamos in the 1980s and now works for ESPN radio and television .
" What Landon Donovan did the other night , it is elevating him to another status .
He is the perfect guy to represent the sport . "
Image caption Ratings have been massively improved and bars have made money
This newfound mainstream celebrity could be seen on the front page of Friday 's New York Post .
It was entirely covered by a story about Donovan 's private life .
Rewind to the 1990s and imagine a picture of John Harkes given the same prominence .
It 's not easy .
The signs of acceptance are easily visible , agrees Mr Keane .
" ESPN have pumped a fortune into advertising .
There are posters on the subway for the World Cup .
It 's front page news on American tabloids that has never happened before . "
ESPN have certainly decided that there 's a big potential audience for the World Cup .
They 've provided blanket coverage and peppered it with big - name pundits like Jurgen Klinsmann and Ruud Gullit , as well as familiar figures from the English game like Wigan manager Roberto Martinez and former Liverpool and Real Madrid winger Steve McManaman .
Commentary during matches is provided largely by British voices .
US heroics
" There are more eyeballs on it because of the amount of coverage and all the different platforms and media availability , " says Davis .
Image caption
This man is no longer the best - known face in US football
" The sport continues to grow steadily - I would n't say it 's growing in huge leaps and bounds . "
Stats from the Pew Research Center suggested interest in the US in South Africa was not greatly increased from previous World Cups .
It found 11 % of Americans said they are following the World Cup very closely , as compared with 8 % very closely in 2006 and 10 % in 2002 .
But this research was released on 17 June , before the US 's heroics against Algeria .
And there are regional variations .
Pew found interest was higher in the northeast than the south or Midwest , with those interested more likely to be graduates .
ESPN 's figures also show a bias .
San Diego was the keenest area on the US - Algeria match , with Baltimore , San Francisco , Washington DC , Sacramento , Houston , Las Vegas , Miami - Ft. Lauderdale , New York and West Palm Beach making up the top 10 in ratings .
It 's not yet clear if this is a watershed moment , Davis admits .
It 's been noted that victories over Ghana and Uruguay or South Korea would put the US into the semi-final .
It 's also important to distinguish between World Cup fever , fed as it is by European and Latin American expats and immigrants , and the interest in the domestic MLS .
Domestic football is doing well , notes Davis , with big attendances at teams like the Seattle Sounders , but non-Americans have to appreciate it is always likely to be in the shadow of baseball , basketball and American football .
Middle America
It 's not clear that a good World Cup will boost MLS attendances , but the great hope in the US is always that the fact that so many young people play the game will one day translate into mass football fandom .
" It is a game of middle America - Mississippi , Nebraska , Idaho , " says Davis .
And if football does achieve critical mass in the US , Landon Donovan will be taking some of the credit .
" You ca n't put a price on that goal , " says Mr Keane .
" It is a bit like Neil Armstrong on the moon . "
Osterbotschaft in Rom Kardinal wirft Kirchenkritikern " Geschwätz " vor
Der Papst spendete den Segen " Urbi et Orbi " , ging über die Missbrauchsskandale hinweg - und doch verlief die Ostermesse auf dem Petersplatz anders als je zuvor .
Zum ersten Mal wandte sich ein Kardinal vor allen Gläubigen direkt an den Papst .
Und tat Kritik an der Kirche brüsk als unbedeutend ab .
Here ’s a couple of screenshots from the iPad ’s YouTube app showing the dramatic difference in quality between Wi-Fi and 3G .
The screenshot above is from video streaming over WiFi .
And below is the same YouTube video playing over 3G .
I paused the video before taking the screenshots and tried to take them at about the same point .
The difference is clear .
Over Wi -Fi , video quality is near high - def .
Over 3G , it looks like a bad QuickTime movie from the mid-1990s .
Of course , this is n’t new — it ’s just much more noticeable on the iPad ’s big beautiful screen .
This has been the case on the iPhone for some time , but on the smaller screen , the difference in quality is n’t as dramatic .
Meanwhile , our readers are reporting that Verizon ’s MiFi delivers : there ’s no difference in quality between Wi-Fi and 3G on Verizon ’s network .
UPDATE : As our friend Chris Foresman of Ars Technica fame points out in the comments , 3G tops out at a paltry 64 K bps . ” It looks like crap on the iPhone , ” says Chris , “ so it should n’t be a surprise that it looks like crap 4 x as big ? ”
Foresman says the 64 Kbps number is n’t generally known , but is reported in Apple ’s developer docs .
AT&T had said there would be a limit , but did n’t say what it was .
64 Kbps is pathetic for 3G .
According to the International Telecommunication Union standards body , 3G specifies a minimum data rate of 144 Kbps in high - mobility ( vehicular ) applications , 384 Kbps for pedestrian applications , and 2 M bps ( that megabits per second ) for indoor ( stationary ) applications .
And here are the screenshots full size :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In deep space , the requirements for an escape pod scale up a bit .
It will need :
A. Living space and amenities .
B. Artificial gravity .
C. Engines powerful enough to get you somewhere within your lifetime .
D. Enough supplies to last for the several years it 'll take to make the trip .
So your escape pod is just going to be a second starship .
What happens when it breaks ?
You hope for help from an ethereal space dragon .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For cost reasons , future space agencies are unlikely to provide an infinite loop of starships .
When something does go wrong , the reality is going to be more like Apollo 13 , with astronauts scrambling desperately to MacGyver up shit like air filters out of duct tape and plastic bags .
Remember , kids : once you take the Deep Space Plunge , there 's no going back .
Your ass is committed .
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article ?
Then sign up for our writers workshop !
Know way too much about a random topic ?
Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow !
We are n't finished crushing your dreams yet .
Check out 7 Awesome Super Powers ( Ruined by Science ) and 5 Awesome Sci-Fi Inventions ( That Would Actually Suck ) .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated today !
Shit ! ) to see Cracked 's spaceship ( it 's made mostly out pieces of David Wong 's house we keep stealing when he goes out of town ) .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get dick jokes sent straight to your news feed .
BP embarked upon a high - risk " top kill " procedure using drilling mud last night to cap the catastrophic gush of oil in the Gulf of Mexico , as it faced fresh accusations of shortcuts in the hours before an explosion destroyed the Deepwater Horizon rig .
After hesitation by top BP executives as they analysed data from robot submarines at the site of the leak , and under intense pressure from the Obama administration , the US coastguard gave the go - ahead for the operation to pump a cocktail of mud and heavy fluid at high pressure into the Macondo well , 50 miles off the Louisiana shore .
Underwater TV cameras showed a live feed of oil billowing out while BP 's heavy machinery moved into position .
Chief executive Tony Hayward warned that the operation , never before attempted at a depth of 5,000 feet ( 1,500 metres ) , had only a 60 % to 70 % chance of success and could take several days .
Barack Obama described the disaster as " heartbreaking " and expressed hope it would work .
" If it 's successful , and there 's no guarantee , it should greatly reduce or eliminate the flow of oil now streaming into the Gulf from the sea floor , " said the president .
After a boat trip to see the damage , Louisiana 's governor , Bobby Jindal , displayed vivid photos showing that oil was killing cane plants along the state 's offshore marshes , an area which he described as " the nursery of the gulf " .
" We 've been fighting this oil nearly a month now , requesting resources .
Too often , the response has been too little , too late , " he said ; absorbent booms to capture oil were becoming saturated .
" We ca n't afford to wait another 24 , or 48 hours . "
The slick is estimated to cover 16,000 sq miles of ocean , It began on 20 April when an explosion and fire destroyed BP 's rig , killing 11 people .
Since then efforts by BP to stem the flow , first by placing a dome on top of the leak , have come to nothing .
David Summers , a professor at Missouri University of Science and Technology , said it would be clear within days whether the " top kill " procedure had worked .
The method was straightforward and would have been started much earlier , were it not for the inaccessibility , he said : " It 's relatively simple and been done many times before , but not at this depth . "
In a massive operation , 22,000 people and 1,100 vessels are tackling the slick .
BP 's top executives are monitoring events from a control centre in Houston .
But as investigations begin into the cause , BP is facing accusations of " short cuts " in the hours before the rig blew up .
In official hearings in New Orleans , several workers who survived raised questions about a decision shortly before the explosion in which rig bosses displaced heavy mud with salt water in the pipe rising from the seabed , potentially hampering the rig 's ability to withstand pressure from the ocean depths .
At yesterday 's hearings Truitt Crawford , a roustabout on the rig , told coastguard investigators : " I overheard upper management talking , saying that BP was taking shortcuts … this is why it blew out . "
Another witness , Doug Brown , chief mechanic on the rig , said there was a " skirmish " between a BP " company man " , a driller and engineers : " The driller was outlining what would be taking place , whereupon the company man stood up and said ' no , we 'll be having some changes to that ' , " Brown said .
A memo given to a congressional committee by BP reveals events as workers prepared to put a cement plug on the well in preparation for the rig to be moved .
Two hours before the explosion , tests showed a buildup of pressure – and subsequent decisions to press ahead with the operation are under scrutiny .
BP has pointed out that other firms were involved – it was leasing the rig from Transocean , which owned and operated it , while the US firm Halliburton was responsible for a cement plug .
A poll by CBS News found 70 % disapproval of BP 's handling , and 45 % unhappy with the Obama administration 's response .
Interior secretary Ken Salazar described it as a " massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster " , and BP would be liable for costs beyond a usual $ 75 m ( £ 52 m ) maximum liability for oil firms in clean - ups : " BP will be held accountable for costs of the government in responding to the spill and compensation for loss or damages . "
As shrimpers , fishermen and tourism industry workers along the Louisiana coast see their livelihoods dwindle , BP has watched its share price slump by 28 % , wiping $ 84bn off its market value .
Some 1,200 vessels and 22,000 people are involved in the effort to temper the scale of the disaster .
The US agency overseeing oil companies is also under intense criticism .
An official report found that the Minerals Management Service allowed staff at oil and gas firms to fill in inspection reports in pencil , with regulators later going over the answers in ink .
Mary Kendall , acting inspector general at the department of the interior , told a congressional committee yesterday that there were problems with " gift acceptance , fraternising with industry and pornography " at the agency .
She suggested there was a problem with the closeness of ties between watchdogs and industry executives :
" The individuals involved in the fraternising and gift exchange – both government and industry – have often known one another since childhood . "
Getting drunk is not hard to do .
It requires a bottle of booze and your ability to open that bottle of booze .
However , mankind has been getting drunk for so long that sometimes you just need to spice it up a bit and throw in a dash of creativity .
The T - Virus shot does just that with the added benefit of that spice being Resident Evil flavored .
The shot is quite a doozy with 3 / 4 parts silver rum , 1/4 part everclear and a blue Twizzler .
Obviously the Twizzler is there to make it look like the T - Virus , but I 'm not sure how good it will be chasing a shot .
The drink 's creator , the Drunken Moogle , says it should give you a sweet / sour aftertaste , but sadly my blue Twizzler supply ran out just yesterday so I am unable to test it .
If anyone else feels like a Sunday night shot , please tell us how it turns out .
Minneapolis , along with its sister city , St. Paul , makes up the largest metro area in Minnesota .
In Minneapolis , things to do run the gamut .
Of course , there ’s the world famous Mall of America .
There is nowhere else in the world one will find over 500 stores , an amusement park , an aquarium , a dance club , and countless restaurants - in one mall and on one property .
Minneapolis is home to museums and historical sites , too .
In fact , many plan trips to this area for no other reason than to better understand the past that defines the present .
Folks can visit a working farm that ’s pulled right out of the mid 1800s or tour the home of the first governor .
A walk along an 1880s stone bridge is perfect for an evening stroll .
Minneapolis is also a big sports city .
Home to the Minnesota Twins and the Minnesota Vikings , the locals ’ loyalty to their hometown favorites is undeniable .
Just as the locals are loyal to their teams , they ’re also a group of folks who sincerely want visitors to feel welcome .
It ’s that " small town " sense that ’s such a surprise to so many in this large metropolitan area .
Let curiosity be a guide to Minneapolis .
Though the mall and the sports draw many to Minneapolis , there are also no shortage of other " must see " areas .
The large theatre community is home to actors and actresses who perform year round in shows that are critical favorites .
Minneapolis is home of the famous Guthrie Theatre , which is where the best of best are found and who often make their way to Broadway .
There are many things to do in Minneapolis - whether it ’s newlyweds escaping on a honeymoon or a reunion where family members from around the nation gather to celebrate what truly matters .
One can make the most of a getaway with Minneapolis deals designed to ensure the maximization of time spent .
Substantial attention is paid the U.S. government 's growth in debt these days , yet far less is paid to America 's total debt picture as a whole .
More should be , because a quick look at the chart below will make you realize that much of America 's perceived debt ' binge ' these days is the result of hype rather than fact .
Yes , the American government has increased its borrowing at a record rate .
In 2008 and 2009 U.S. state & local governments plus the federal government net - borrowed a combined $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.6 trillion respectively .
That 's a huge step - up from their combined net borrowing of $ 428 billion in 2007 .
In isolation , this data is terrifying .
Yet if one is concerned about the entire nation 's solvency , and wants to understand why proponents of current stimulus are n't necessarily irresponsible , then one has to step back and take into account the private side of the U.S. debt equation .
This is especially important since America is a nation driven mostly by its private economy .
The private economy is far larger than the government's .
Thus to ignore what the private sector does is to see less than half of the picture .
On this measure , if you look at ' total net U.S. borrowing ' , which takes into account borrowing by everyone -- the government , private U.S. households , financial companies , and non-financial companies -- then it turns out that 2009 was indeed a monumental year for U.S. borrowing ... in that total U.S. borrowing fell by $ 438.4 billion .
( shown in red below )
This historic reduction in U.S. borrowing is due to the fact that in 2009 , U.S households , financial companies , and non-financial companies all de-levered as a group .
In fact , they reduced their borrowing by so much in 2009 that it completely eclipsed growth in borrowing by the government .
In 2009 , U.S. households reduced their borrowing by $ 237 billion , financial companies reduced it by a whopping $ 1.8 trillion , and non-financial companies reduced borrowing by $ 200 billion .
The data on this can be found at the Federal Reserve .
Thus whether you are for or against various stimulus policies , one should at least try to understand the thought process behind the U.S. government 's debt growth .
Many proponents of stimulus were worried by the massive de-leveraging ( reduction in net borrowing ) by the private sector and the effects it would have on the U.S. economy during a downturn .
If the government had n't increased its borrowing , the red negative bar in the chart would be far larger , at nearly - $ 2,000 trillion .
Less debt can be a good thing , but if everyone de-levers at the same time in a sharp fashion then it can destroy a substantial amount of economic activity in a flash , which would be extremely painful for many Americans .
Proponents of stimulus were worried that this would make for an extremely ugly recession , far worse than we saw .
Hence , cognizant of private sector de-leveraging , they realized that the government could increase borrowing without creating a dangerous increase in total U.S. borrowing .
Thus the government was used to step in and fill the gap , due fears of that private de-leveraging , which had to happen due to past excesses , could create a lot of suffering for Americans if left without a counterbalance of stimulus from the government .
So even with seemingly ridiculous borrowing from the U.S. government , America as a whole actually ended up paring back its debt in an unprecedented fashion .
Let 's just hope that the government 's debt growth is reigned in , now that the U.S. economy has recovered to some degree .
Yet the key take - away regardless of your political view on stimulus is that America is n't binging on debt right now :
" They look a bit like a sabre - toothed sausage , " says Dr Chris Faulkes , as we enter the naked mole rat laboratory at Queen Mary , University of London .
Scuttling around in a maze of tubes are dozens of small rodents .
They appear to be hairless , covered with wrinkly , pink skin and they have beady , black eyes .
But the thing that really catches your attention is their enormous , protruding teeth .
At first glance , it 's clear that Dr Faulkes ' description is spot on .
" It 's a really , really bizarre looking animal , " admits the scientist , who has spent the past 20 years studying naked mole rats .
These rodents , which belong to the African mole rat family , are found in parts of Kenya , Ethiopia and Somalia .
They live in huge underground burrows , which goes some way to explaining why these creatures look like they do - they use their giant teeth to help them dig .
Dr Faulkes says : " They are amazingly well adapted to living underground . "
Busy as a bee
But it is n't just their unusual appearance that attracts attention : their behaviour is about as strange as it gets in the mammalian world .
For a start , these little creatures live in huge groups .
On average , you will find colonies made up of 80 - 100 individuals , but sometimes they can grow to a 300 - strong group .
More bizarre still is their social structure .
They behave like the mammalian equivalent of a social insect Dr Chris Faulkes , QMUL
Dr Faulkes points to a mole rat that looks almost twice as large as any nearby .
And it is clearly pushing around some of its punier companions .
" That 's the queen , " he says .
" Even in these really huge colonies , there is only a single female that breeds .
And she mates with one or two , or sometimes three , breeding males .
" And then the rest of the colony , of both sexes , have their reproduction suppressed and never ever breed . "
But the sex - free mole rats have another job , he explains .
" The small ones tend to act as workers , so they carry out colony maintenance activities , " says Dr Faulkes .
The larger animals seem to adopt a more defensive role , he adds , keeping predators , such as snakes , at bay .
And if this kind of set up sounds rather familiar , that 's because it is .
Dr Faulkes explains : " They behave like the mammalian equivalent of a social insect - they have many , many similarities with bees , ants , wasps and termites . "
Throw in on top of this the fact that naked mole rats also live for an unfeasibly long time for a small rodent - 30 years in captivity - and that they also seem to be resistant to cancer , so it is easy to see why scientists are so interested in them .
Image caption Could mole rats give us clues about monogamy ?
" There are so many aspects of their biology that are extreme , " says Dr Faulkes .
He , working with neuroscientist Professor Clive Coen , from King 's College London , and zoologist Professor Nigel Bennett , from the University of Pretoria , has used this as the basis to find out what lies behind the naked mole rats ' behaviour , and in turn , to start to look at how this might relate to other mammals - including humans .
And one way that they have been doing this is to compare naked mole rats with another member of the African mole rat family , the Cape mole rat .
Where the naked mole rat is a highly social animal and forms long - term social bonds , especially between the queen and her select suitors , the Cape mole rat is solitary and aggressive , and sexually , rather promiscuous .
Dr Faulkes says : " They represent both ends of the spectrum in sociability . "
Earlier research carried out on voles had suggested that differences in the way that receptors for two hormones , oxytocin and vasopressin , were expressed in the brain could make a huge impact on social behaviour , including determining whether a species was likely to be monogamous or promiscuous .
So the team decided to look at whether these hormones could also be linked to the differences in behaviour between the two mole rat species .
Image caption
The Cape mole rat is a solitary animal
Dr Faulkes explains : " We found that the naked mole rats and the Cape mole rats had substantially different patterns .
" The solitary , highly aggressive Cape mole rats had their oxytocin receptors distributed in a different part of the brain to the naked mole rats , while the naked mole rats ' oxytocin receptors were found in the same region as monogamous voles . "
He added : " This is really telling us that these kinds of systems of differing patterns of distribution for the oxytocin receptors are an important part of what underlies different kinds of social behaviour across mammals . "
And while this research has focussed on mole rats , other research groups have been looking at the effects of these hormones on humans , including a recent study that suggested men who inhaled oxytocin became as empathetic as women .
Dr Faulkes says : " It seems even in humans that such changes can actually alter human reproductive behaviour , such as how stable relationships are .
" Some people have even linked mutations in the oxytocin receptor gene to certain types of autism . "
Big questions
Image caption
The mole rat could help us to answer many questions
But scientists are not just looking at social behaviour .
They also think that naked mole rats could help us to sniff out answers to a whole host of questions linked to the human condition .
Some researchers are trying to find out whether the animals hold the key to longevity ; others are looking at the clues they might give us in the fight against cancer ; while some scientists want to see if they can help us to answer questions about reproduction and fertility .
Dr Faulkes says : " Although it might seem a bit of a stretch of the imagination to go from a naked mole rat to humans , the underlying biology is very , very similar .
" And they are just so unusual and there are so many aspects of their biology that are extreme that they could help us to extend our knowledge across so many species and disciplines . "
In an opinion piece , Robert A. Levy argues that Rand Paul ’s detractors misunderstand the essential nature and purpose of the U.S. Constitution .
Rand Paul 's principled stumble
Rand Paul has taken a principled — but politically incorrect — position , for which he ’s being pilloried .
A look behind the 6 - second - sound - bite version of his position might be helpful .
Despite how his comments have played , Paul has said he is glad that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 passed .
He accepts the Civil Rights Act as settled U.S. law — not to be revisited by the courts despite possible constitutional infirmities .
Advertisement
But , though the Supreme Court upheld the 1964 act , the law has a disputable constitutional pedigree .
The Civil Rights
Act addresses the conduct of private individuals , so it is not easily shoehorned into the 14th Amendment , which constrains only government conduct .
And the act has nothing to do with reducing state - imposed obstacles to the free flow of interstate trade — so it should not have been legitimized under an original understanding of the commerce clause .
Still , the law was affirmed — and deservedly so — by the court because it helped erase an unconscionable assault on human dignity .
So Paul stands foursquare for civil rights but acknowledges the Civil Rights Act ’s possible disconnect from the Constitution .
His position is therefore intellectually honest , unlike those who insist that , because the Civil Rights
Act is beneficent , it must necessarily be constitutional .
Some activities — for example , torture — offend the Constitution even though they might yield widely acclaimed benefits — such as preventing a terrorist attack .
The remedy in such cases is either to amend the Constitution or to acknowledge the disconnect and recognize that the Constitution must not be a barrier to racial equality .
Paul ’s detractors misunderstand the essential nature and purpose of our Constitution .
It does not speak to private power ; it is not a criminal or civil code that private citizens must obey .
Rather , the Constitution has two primary objectives : to authorize government , then limit its powers in a manner that secures individual rights .
First and foremost , the Constitution is a code of conduct for the legislative , executive and judicial branches of government .
Both federal and state officials breached that code when they condoned slavery and , later , Jim Crow laws that mandated racial segregation .
Of course , the media have used Paul ’s forthright if impolitic pronouncement as an occasion to disparage his libertarian — that is , classic liberal — philosophy .
Not surprisingly , critics either do not understand or willfully distort basic libertarian principles .
For starters , libertarians are proponents of limited government .
We are not anarchists .
My colleague David Boaz sums it up nicely : “ A government is a set of institutions through which we adjudicate our disputes , defend our rights and provide for certain common needs .
...
What we want is a limited government that attends to its necessary and proper functions .
“ Libertarians support limited , constitutional government — limited not just in size but , of far greater importance , in the scope of its powers . ”
Ideally , government ’s role is to foster an environment in which individuals can pursue happiness in any manner they please — provided they do not impede other individuals ’ rights to do the same .
Regrettably , government does much more — and much less — than create a congenial civil environment .
It burdens transactors with confiscatory taxes , favors politically connected special interests , coerces parties to engage in unwanted transactions , transfers assets and incomes without consent from one party to another and depletes our financial and human resources by undertaking foreign interventions that bear little relation to America ’s vital interests .
Those are the excesses of government that libertarians struggle to rein in .
In addition , and perhaps least understood , a vital aspect of personal liberty is the freedom not to participate .
In that regard , libertarianism is the antithesis of collectivism .
Anyone who prefers a social order that sacrifices individual liberty to attain equal outcomes is free to leave my libertarian world and form the collectivist society he favors .
But he may not compel me to join .
Libertarianism does not foreclose collectivist arrangements as long as participation in those arrangements is voluntary .
By contrast , collectivists will not endorse libertarian enclaves within a collectivist system .
Just try refusing to support the welfare state .
People who believe a deregulated free market leaves us worse off can create a hyper - regulated marketplace , shackled by government to their heart ’s content .
They would not extend the same opt - out choice to me .
The essence of collectivism is force .
The essence of libertarianism is choice .
Robert A. Levy is chairman of the Cato Institute .
This article tagged under : Constitution
Rand Paul
Libertarians
* Google to end automatic redirection within two days
* China reiterates stance on foreign companies
* Analysts see big impact on search if licence revoked ( Adds details , dateline )
SHANGHAI / BEIJING , June 30 ( Reuters ) - Google Inc GOOG.O said it will end the automatic redirection of users from its China portal within the next 24 to 48 hours , while Beijing kept silent on whether the move would allow Google to keep its China business .
Google said late on Monday that it would end the automatic rerouting of China users to its Hong Kong search site , which gives unfiltered search results , after Beijing told the company its China Internet operating licence would not be renewed if it continued .
[ ID :nN29146978 ]
China has so far declined to directly comment on Google ’s move , which analysts say is a sign the company wants to fight for its China presence after warning in January it might quit the country over censorship concerns and after suffering a hacker attack it said came from within China .
A senior government official on Wednesday said he did not know the specific details of Google ’s new approach , but reiterated the government ’s long - standing position that foreign companies operating in the country must respect local rules .
“ We ’ve long said that to develop in China , you must abide by Chinese laws , ” Wang Chen , head of the Information Office of the State Council told reporters .
“ Our stance is very clear in those statements . ”
Every China - based website needs an Internet Content Provider ( ICP ) licence from China ’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology , which must be renewed on a yearly basis .
Google ’s ICP licence ends in 2012 but comes up for renewal on Wednesday .
Without the licence , Google would not be able to run a search website in China .
Some users visiting Google.cn now get a webpage with the Google logo and search box , but clicking anywhere on the page brings them to the Hong Kong search site .
Analysts said the non-renewal of Google ’s ICP licence would yank the company back to the years when Google had virtually no presence in China .
It would also make it tougher for Google to see its other business licences renewed .
“ If they lose this licence , the trend is moving in the wrong direction for Google , it seems likely they will have trouble with their other licences in China as well , ” said T.R. Harrington , chief executive of search consulting firm Darwin Marketing .
Edward
Yu , chief executive of technology research firm Analysys International , said Google China ’s search traffic and revenue had stablised in the second - quarter and advertisers were returning to the company .
However , Yu said Google not getting its ICP licence would be disastrous for its search business in China .
It is unclear how China will respond to Google ’s landing page reminding users to click through to its unfiltered search site .
It is possible China could block the URL of the landing site .
“ It ’s the worst case scenario , if users ca n’t access Google.cn and there is no reminder page for them to click through to Google Hong Kong , there will be an impact on traffic and in turn advertisers , ” Yu said .
China 's search market was worth 7.15 billion yuan ( $ 1.05 billion ) in 2009 , with search leader Baidu Inc BIDU .O dominating at around 60 percent while Google had 30 percent .
( Reporting by Melanie Lee and Chris Buckley ; Editing by Chris Lewis )
Why Have There Been So Many Geological Catastrophes Lately ?
These days , you do n’t have to be a conspiracy theorist or religious fanatic to wonder whether there ’s something strange going on with the Earth .
Major earthquakes in Haiti , Chile , and China have killed thousands , and a cloud of volcanic ash has grounded flights across Europe .
This past weekend also saw deadly quakes in Afghanistan , Papua New Guinea , and the Dominican Republic .
So is the Earth going through a period of especially high geological activity ?
No , we ’re just paying more attention .
2010 is actually shaping up to be a perfectly average year for quakes .
According to the U.S. Geological Survey , since 1900 the Earth has experienced an average of 16 major quakes — magnitude 7.0 or higher — per year .
In the first four months of 2010 , there have been six .
So though this will likely be a worse year than 1986 , when there were only six major quakes total , it ’s unlikely to be as bad as 1943 , when there were 32 .
And while major earthquakes like the ones in Haiti and Chile typically cause numerous aftershocks , scientists do n’t think that they are directly causing each other .
So why does it seem like this has been a particularly bad year ?
It likely has something to do with increased media coverage .
This weekend ’s quake off the coast of the Dominican Republic is thought to have killed only three people and probably would n’t have garnered much international attention if not for the catastrophic temblor that struck nearby Haiti in January .
But while earthquakes have n’t become more frequent , they are getting more deadly .
Earthquakes killed 650,000 people in the last decade , more than any other decade in history .
Around 250,000 have already died this year .
This is likely because of the expansion of urban areas in fault zones .
China ’s Qinghai province has experienced 53 magnitude 5.0 or higher quakes since 2001 , but it was n’t until one struck near the population center in Yushu that the casualty numbers exploded .
As for volcanoes , while the Eyjafjallajokull eruption may be causing chaos on the continent , it ’s not all that unusual for Iceland , which sits right on top of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge fault line and boasts 130 volcanoes of various levels of activity .
This month ’s eruption is mild compared with the 1783 Laki eruption which caused a famine that wiped out a quarter of Iceland ’s population and altered climate patterns in Northern Europe for years .
Obviously , there were no jets to worry about back then .
Eyjafjallajokull may be no Mount Pinatubo , whose powerful 1991 eruption had wide - ranging effects on the Earth ’s climate , but its ash has been especially disruptive because the height of its plume , about 20,000 to 30,000 feet , is high enough to get caught in prevailing winds and spread over a large area .
It ’s also been well known for some time that jets and volcanic ash are not a good combination .
Since an eruption from Alaska ’s Mount Redoubt nearly took down a KLM 747 in 1989 , the U.S. Geological Survey has kept close tabs on the volcanoes of the Aleutian Islands , which run across a popular route for jets crossing the Pacific .
The Federal Aviation Administration imposed a no-fly zone around Mt. Redoubt during an eruption as recently as last year .
Of course , unlike with the Aleutians , airlines can’t exactly just go around continental Europe .
Thanks to geophysicist Don Blakeman of the U.S. Geological Survey and Frank Spera , professor of earth sciences at the University of California at Santa Barbara .
There are some theories , and yes , they are all disturbing .
Black holes are space 's boogeymen .
Although there are a lot of monsters out there in the universe – supernovas , asteroids , death stars – they are never quite as scary .
Black holes retain a aura of mystery and menace .
How could they not ?
They retain everything .
Advertisement
For those who have stumbled on this site having never seen , read , or even heard about science fiction , here is a brief refresher course in spaceology .
Black holes are what happen when there is too much of a good thing , only without the good .
Too many things , too much mass , and the too much gravity that they produce when pushed together in one place , will eventually collapse into a single point with infinite density .
‘ A single point , ' you say .
‘ Is that what makes them take up at least fifty percent of an IMAX movie screen ?
The fact that they 're a single point ? '
Advertisement
I do n't appreciate your tone , but no .
When we see black holes in space operas and documentaries , usually accompanied by a threatening chorus of cellos , we are n't seeing the black holes themselves .
We 're seeing the event horizon .
A black hole 's gravitational force is so intense that once objects get within a certain distance of them , they 're sucked in .
This happens to every massive object , including light .
Since we see reflected light , and no light can get to us once it travels within a certain distance , all we see a large patch of darkness .
Obviously , this makes black holes tough to study .
So what happens when two big patches of darkness get so close together that they fall into one another ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sometimes they can end up taking a honeymoon trip together .
Just because two celestial bodies are black holes does n't mean that they are evenly matched .
Sometimes black holes will come at each other slightly off center , or the masses of them are unequal .
That can cause a movement one way or another .
Black holes also give off gravitational waves .
There are actual waves in space - time caused by fluctuations in the black hole and the event horizon .
Gravitational waves carry momentum , so emitting them unevenly will pushe them one way and push the black holes another .
As a result , the newly - joined black holes , with their newly - expanded event - horizon , can start traveling , sometimes all the way to another galaxy .
Advertisement
Kind of makes you want to check to see that there are n't any black holes around here , does n't it ?
( There 's one right behind you . )
Via : Physics Central .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
It 's hard to imagine a promotion that would satisfy both the environmentally - minded , Birkenstock - wearing hippie and the flannel - wearing , gun-toting redneck , but somehow Brand Solar and Air Inc has managed to pull off what The Consumerist 's Ben Popken calls the " Best .
Cross-promotion .
Ever . "
According to Popken 's report , Brand Solar customers who purchase at least a 3 kW system will receive a gift certificate , which , " Depending on eligibility and legal status of customer he or she may use $ 400 certificate for credit toward gun , rifle , or ammunition or choose $ 400 rebate . "
Oh to have been a fly on the wall in the pitch meeting that came up with this promotion , " muses Popken :
They have offices in both Colorado and California , so maybe it was a compromise between the two branches :
CALIFORNIA : " Let 's give our eco-loving customers a cash rebate . "
COLORDO : " Let 's give our customers guns .
[ H/t Gizmodo ]
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
3:59 pm
Free Press
Free Press : FCC Proposal a Step Toward Correcting Powell - Era Mistakes
3:50 pm
Human Rights First
The Main Award of the International Human Rights Movement in 2010 Goes to a Syrian Human Rights Defender Lingering in Prison
3:49 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
Long - term Power Purchase Agreement between National Grid and Cape Wind Puts Northeast a Step Closer to Cleaner Energy Production
3:48 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Lieberman 's Citizen - Stripping Bill " Unconstitutional "
2:46 pm
CODEPINK
CODEPINK Brings Peace Message to Military Arms Exhibit on Washington Mall
2:43 pm
America's Voice
On Immigration the NBA Has More Courage than the GOP
1:41 pm
Human Rights First
Stripping Citizenship Unconstitutional , Unnecessary
1:20 pm
Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR )
CAIR Asks GOP to Repudiate Racist , Anti-Muslim Ads
Ireland was hailed during the boom years as a ' Celtic tiger ' .
But now the government has had to introduce huge cuts to deal with its budget deficit .
How is it affecting ordinary people ?
When Ann Moore returned to have breakfast with her family after a 12 - hour night shift at a nursing home , she found riot police and bailiffs outside her home of 16 years .
She and her husband , Christy , and their three children were being evicted .
Despite climbing a ladder to the top of the house for six hours in a desperate attempt to thwart the bailiffs , the distressed care worker was eventually coaxed down and taken to hospital .
Her home in the southern suburbs of Dublin was promptly boarded up .
The Moores were badly in arrears , owing the council € 10,000 ( £ 8,500 ) .
For eight months ,
Ann had been paying back € 50 on top of her € 100 weekly rent .
But in a country where 300,000 homes lie empty , the authorities decided to make the Moores homeless and punish them for their perceived fecklessness .
Yet it is the politicians , bankers and developers of Ireland who have been rather more feckless .
Ireland is , per capita , the most indebted country in the EU .
Its budget deficit of 14.3 % is higher even than in Greece .
For a decade , the " Celtic tiger " economy was the poster child of free - market globalisation .
Now , this bedraggled alley cat of an economy is neo-liberalism 's favourite example of how to cut your way to recovery .
Ireland 's government has slashed public - sector spending by 7.5 % of gross domestic product with a series of drastic cuts this year : public sector pay by 15 % , child benefit by 10 % , unemployment benefit by 4.1 % .
Another €3bn will be removed next year , a total of 10 % of GDP over three years : these measures are equivalent to the British government slashing its budget not by the £ 6.25 bn planned by George Osborne in 2010 , but by an incomprehensibly gigantic £ 150bn .
Yet despite the cuts , dubbed " masochistic " by the Financial Times , Ireland 's debt is still growing , thanks to the desperate bailing out of its banks .
Irish critics fear this economic death - spiral could lead to a decade of grinding austerity , a generation lost to unemployment and , worse , the return of a spectre that has haunted Ireland for two centuries : mass emigration .
At first glance , the Irish appear to be tackling their plight with a wit that is self - deprecating and ever so slightly proud .
" We never really believed the boom .
During the Celtic tiger period we were like , jeez , look at us , this will never last , " says Lorcan , a father - of - two from Limerick , where Dell closed its Irish operations last year with the loss of more than 5,000 related jobs .
" Irish people were used to shit homes , shit education , shit hospitals .
In England , there is a cultural memory of things working .
There is no cultural memory in Ireland of things working .
The self - flagellation gene in Ireland is very strong – ' cut us to fuck because we 're used to being the downtrodden victim . '
We almost feel better for it . "
Pat Ingoldsby , a Dublin street poet , says he can cope without what is now a decimated welfare system .
" Daily , I wander through my city with a trolley and a cardboard box full of dreams , and I hear the crashing of other people 's jobs all around me .
My most treasured possession is that I 've got nothing to lose . "
But Ireland 's economic crisis cuts deep for almost everyone else .
While ghost estates of new , unsaleable flats stand empty across the land , 170,000 people are struggling with negative equity .
Ireland has the fourth - highest unemployment rate in the EU ( 13.4 % ) , with 432,500 people on the dole ; one in three of the working population under 30 is unemployed .
And unemployment would be even worse were it not for the return of emigration .
Ireland is scarred by memories of the 500,000 people who fled in the 1950s , and the hundreds of thousands – many highly educated – who left in the 1980s .
The loss of dynamic young people helped ensure Ireland 's economy stagnated for decades .
But critics say it has also been a useful tool for governments , keeping unemployment down and exporting opposition to the Irish establishment .
Nearly 20,000 Irish nationals emigrated in the year between April 2008 and April 2009 , and research suggests a further 100,000 will leave this year and next .
' We turned into one big Surrey '
With its tourist bikes for hire under newly planted lime trees and its glass - and - steel docklands , Dublin still glossily echoes recent prosperity .
In bookshops , too , there is a mini-boom in non-fiction with excoriating titles : Celtic Tiger in Collapse ; The Bankers : How the Banks Brought Ireland to its Knees ; Banksters : How a Powerful Elite Squandered Ireland 's Wealth .
" In its rise and fall , Ireland made Icarus look boringly stable , " writes Fintan O'Toole in his recent book , Ship of Fools .
In the 1990s , a stagnant agricultural economy was transformed into a highly skilled post - industrial playground .
Computing and pharmaceutical jobs were garnished by a turbo - charged property sector .
In 1986 , Irish GDP per head of population was two - thirds of the EU average ; by 1999 it was 111 % of the average , and significantly higher than in the UK .
Between 1985 and 2006 , Irish house prices rose by almost 250 % , far higher than in Britain .
Emigration became immigration , as Poles and others rushed to share the Irish dream of a self - confident Euro - Atlantic nation , emancipated from the shackles of Catholicism and colonialism .
Or as economist David McWilliams puts it : " We turned into a big , superannuated version of Surrey . "
While the boom - time billionaires enjoyed an unfettered freedom to build and borrow , O'Toole argues that Ireland 's prosperity in the 90s was not simply the triumph of the free market .
For most of the 20th century , no other European nation recorded such sluggish national growth ; a spurt in the 1990s was Ireland finally catching up .
And the global boom of that time saw an unprecedented growth in US investment abroad : much came to Ireland , given the shared language and Irish roots of many American investors as well as alluringly low tax rates .
European socialism helped too : Ireland pocketed IR £ 8.6bn from EU structural funds between 1987 and 1998 .
What went wrong ?
Almost everyone in Ireland points their fingers at an unholy trinity of politicians , bankers and developers for turning this boom to bust .
The government blew up a demented property bubble by offering huge tax breaks on new buildings .
Construction swelled to account for a fifth of Ireland 's economy .
Prices , mortgages , wages and costs soared .
Unregulated banks went on a lending spree .
By the time of the global banking crash , Ireland 's banks held a terrifying amount of debt ( by 2008 the Anglo Irish Bank held € 73bn of loans – half of Ireland 's GDP ) and the country was the first in the eurozone to enter recession .
People " are pinning blame on one or two bankers but they did n't do it alone , " says McWilliams .
" We 've got to look at a whole professional class – estate agents , lawyers , auditors , investors , crony politicians – who became intoxicated with greed .
They did n't hear the warning signs because their ears were stuffed with cash . "
According to O'Toole , nothing and no one in Ireland said " enough " .
Voters did not tell politicians to stop , and politicians did not set limits for developers or the banks .
Now , he writes , the question is whether the Irish " have enough constructive anger to kick away a system that has failed them and make a new one for themselves " .
Ever since independence early last century , Ireland has been dominated by two rightwing political parties , Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael .
Fianna Fáil has governed for the last 13 years ( now in an improbable coalition with the Greens ) , and everyone I meet is furious with a government they cannot vote out for another two years .
But as Ireland 's ruling classes remark with complacent pride , the Irish are not like the Greeks and the French , nor even the people of Iceland , where popular protests encouraged its government to resign .
There has been no rioting on the streets of Dublin .
Two weeks ago , a tiny scuffle broke out by the gates of the Dáil , Ireland 's parliament .
Last week , in heavy rain , 1,000 people gathered there again for the rather politely titled " right to work " march .
The Greeks , says organiser James O'Toole , are much more rebellious .
" The Irish are the good children of Europe .
They take the rod , they do n't complain and they will all get sweets at the end . "
Why so few protests ?
" Anger is a private thing in our country ; it 's there , but we do n't express it in public , " reckons Ben O'Neill , a protester wearing a badge that says " Fuck Nama " .
( Nama is the " bad bank " created by the government to remove toxic loans from the economy .
It is costing the taxpayer , and generations to come , a fortune : € 73bn of public money has gone to the banks so far . )
A demonstrator dressed as Marie Antoinette throws cakes into the crowd .
" Fianna Fáil mafia out ! " reads one banner .
" That 's an awful slight on the mafia , " remarks someone .
There are the usual students and hooded socialist workers here , but also people who are not the demonstrating type , such as Ray and Phyllis Carroll from Shankill .
" The cuts have affected everybody , " says Phyllis quietly , as a ( costly ) Garda helicopter thuds above .
" The poor .
The disabled .
The blind .
The home - helpers .
The most vulnerable in society . "
She stabs a finger at the Dáil .
" They are the only ones who are not feeling the pain . "
The Carrolls are living off their savings , supporting their youngest through university .
Ray 's disability allowance does not cover their basic living costs .
" There 's nothing left in the kitty .
The savings we 've taken years to put together have gone .
They 've made clowns of us , " says Ray .
" You hit rock - bottom in this country now and you 're left in the road to die . "
Despite 100,000 people protesting after the budget cuts in December , there has been no winter or spring of discontent .
Richard Boyd Barrett , a councillor for People Before Profit , is furious with union leaders .
" They 've spent most of the last 20 years sharing steak sandwiches with government officials , " he says .
" They 've developed a lifestyle that is akin to the employers they spend their time talking to . "
Now the unions are out in the cold .
David Begg , leader of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions , has become a vocal critic of the government in recent months .
" The access and influence we had is n't there any more , " he says heavily .
" The reason it collapsed is because the government would n't retain the terms of 22 years of social partnership , which was abandoned by government and employers at the first sign of trouble . "
In this land of mass unemployment , workers are struggling to protect their jobs .
An employee of Quinn Insurance , a boom - time success story recently taken into administration , is too scared to give his name because he has joined a union .
He has been told his company is looking for 900 redundancies , more than a third of its workforce .
" You go crazy thinking about the economic situation , " he says .
" My job is at risk , and I feel I 've been intimidated over not joining a union .
It 's very frustrating .
I 'd expect a lot more anger right now . "
He has tried to encourage his depressed , stoical peers to join the union , but can't get the numbers .
" Some are scared , and others think they can't do anything , " he says .
There are also a few people who actually agree with the government 's masochistic strategy .
" Money became our god during the Celtic tiger years , " says a taxi driver , now having to work seven days a week to pay his mortgage , for which he is three months in arrears .
" Every one of us is guilty to a small degree . "
He accepts the cuts .
" Most sensible people know the last thing we wanted in this country was the [ the intervention of the ] International Monetary Fund .
Then you do n't have a government – the IMF run the country . "
Within government itself , advisers privately admit Fianna Fáil will be " eviscerated " at the next election .
" The government is very unpopular at this stage .
They have to do what 's right , " says one source , who views this as a liberated government with nothing to lose taking genuinely tough decisions .
On an international stage , the Irish are attracting applause from the right : British Treasury officials have discussed how best to effect cuts with their Irish counterparts in recent days , and Ireland 's finance minister , Brian Lenihan ( who is also having to cope with pancreatic cancer ) , has been praised in the financial press .
Lenihan has called Irish bankers ' behaviour " truly shocking " but his government remains slavishly loyal to the global free market .
The boom was created by neo-liberalism and will be recreated by neo-liberalism .
" We saw what worked 20 years ago .
Let 's see if it will work again , " as one government economist puts it .
Despite sitting at a desk surrounded by thousands of square metres of vacant office space in Dublin 's docklands , John FitzGerald , an economist at the Economic and Social Research Institute , an independent thinktank , is far more optimistic than the EU about Ireland 's prospects .
A studious man who does not mention that his father was once Ireland 's prime minister , he forecasts annual growth zooming up to as much as 5 % between 2012 and 2015 , before falling back to what he calls " boring , European " levels .
Ireland has had to re-price its economy to become globally competitive again , FitzGerald argues .
Rents and private - sector wages have fallen following the drastic public - sector wage cuts .
The country 's strength , and weakness , is that more than half its employment and well over half its manufacturing comes from foreign - owned firms .
As the global economy recovers , so will Ireland 's , with IT services , software and healthcare making up a new , " smart " economy .
FitzGerald believes the government " did a lousy job on banking " , but has now got the cuts spot on .
" They are wise because they have psyched the people of Ireland up to absorb huge pain .
If we are right , they will surprise the people of Ireland in 2013 by saying the cuts are all over . "
More surprisingly , he says the popular view that ordinary people are paying for the mistakes of an untouchable elite is wrong , and the masochistic budget has been " probably the most redistributive budget of the last 20 years " – he pauses , drily – " by accident " .
According to the institute 's research , the budget has hit the top 20 % of household incomes by 6 % , while the bottom 40 % have seen rises of up to 2 % .
" The rich have paid a much higher price than the poor .
But everybody is worse off , " FitzGerald acknowledges .
Time to leave the euro ?
" You got it right , did n't you ? " nods the conductor on the Limerick train to David McWilliams .
It is hard to imagine another country where an economist would be recognised by passing members of the public , but everyone in Ireland is an economist now .
McWilliams , a maverick who presciently warned of Ireland 's impending economic conflagration , next month brings " economic stand - up " to Ireland 's national theatre .
Tonight he is hosting a night of " polemedy " in Limerick : this mix of satire , comedy and earnest debate about Ireland 's future , which continues until well after midnight .
" There were very few of us in the boom who suggested what was going on was nonsense .
If you 're against consensus in Ireland , the first phase is ridicule , then it 's violent opposition , and the third phase is universal truth – where everyone pretends they agreed with you all along , " McWilliams says , with a smile .
He has two radical , populist solutions : let the banks go bust , and leave the euro .
Individuals ' deposits could be guaranteed while corporate bondholders would lose out , but the markets would not panic , he believes – rather , they would regard the Irish economy with renewed interest , because money once earmarked to bail out the banks could be invested in the recovery .
Saving Anglo Irish Bank " is the economics of Stalingrad " , he says .
" Throwing all your resources at a symbolic entity signals to the rest of the world that you are a fanatic . "
McWilliams also argues that Ireland 's attachment to the euro , and the EU , is born of the establishment 's traditional desire to eschew the British , who are still Ireland 's biggest trading partner .
If Ireland left the euro and returned to the Irish pound , its currency would take a hammering .
Let it , says McWilliams : if it fell by 40 % , suddenly Ireland 's wages would be 40 % less than its rivals .
Investment would flood into Ireland ; exports would be super - competitive .
More orthodox voices on the right and left will not countenance either letting Irish banks die or leaving the euro .
" You ca n't let a bank that is half your GDP collapse in the middle of your economy .
It pulls the entire economy down with it , " says a government economist .
FitzGerald adds : " If the Irish central bank had to go out and borrow tens of billions to replace the euros in the banking system , there is no way they could raise it .
There would be a dramatic fall in the currency , a dramatic rise in interest rates , and a complete collapse in the economy .
Leaving the euro would be lunatic . "
Of FitzGerald 's predictions that the Irish economy will return to business as usual next year , McWilliams says : " That 's horseshit .
The establishment view is what we need is more of the same .
The most important thing about crises is it gives you permission to change . "
The Irish have not yet identified plausible alternatives to the Fianna Fáil / Fine Gael duopoly – although the Irish Labour party is at an historic high in the polls – but McWilliams believes many people are looking beyond the discredited establishment , and seeking revival through grassroots debates like the night he comperes in Limerick .
Perhaps this crisis could spark something similar to the creativity unleashed a century ago by the struggle for independence .
" Economics is like anything else , " says McWilliams .
" The innovator wins . "
However , rather than crisis heralding opportunity , it is fear and a grim lack of political alternatives that weighs on the newly homeless Ann and Christy Moore , who are turning to the courts in an attempt to get their home back .
Christy worked on building sites during the construction boom , but is now on social welfare .
Two of their three children are unemployed ; the third has just found work on a 12 - week contract .
Christy is left battling with the shame of losing his home : " You should be strong but you feel so low – just finish me off , shoot me , put a bullet in my head , " he says .
" And all the time you hear you have to tighten your belts , which is an insult to people 's intelligence .
It 's fear – that 's why people are n't rising up .
But we must n't fear the corrupt politicians and bankers and developers , because that 's what they want . "
By Tariq Ali
[ The following talk was given on April 19 , 2010 , to mark the 30th anniversary of the London Review of Books .
It first appeared at Guernica / a magazine of art and politics .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Guernica 's permission . ]
Afghanistan now is at a critical stage .
And now I ’m very glad to say that the London Review of Books , whose thirtieth anniversary we are commemorating , has over the years published myself and others on this subject , taking essentially a critical stance to this war because , as many of you will recall , it became fashionable all over the world , not just in the United States , to think of Iraq and Afghanistan as two very different wars .
Which of course , on one level , they are .
But I mean different moral values were placed on these wars by good - thinking people .
The Iraq war was a bad war , which should never have happened ; that is the view of large numbers of people in the United States today , and always was the view of an overwhelming majority of Europeans .
The Afghan war , on the other hand , was meant to be the good war .
This was a war where people who attacked the United States on September 11th were based .
And therefore they had to be sorted out ; the government which gave them refuge had to be toppled and this could only be done militarily .
I will just say as a small footnote here that the official 9/11 inquiry said that the Afghan government never formally refused to hand over these people ; they just demanded to see the evidence , and said if the evidence was convincing of their involvement they would hand them over .
I just say that because the commission of enquiry made a point of noting that .
Now , some of us argued at the time , myself included — of course , no one supported this crazed attack on the United States — what the motive of actually sending in an army to conquer Afghanistan was .
If , as the former President said , the main aim was to sort out al Qaeda , sort out Osama Bin Laden and Mullah Omar , “ dead or alive ” in his unforgettable words — and , you know , if they were dead , that was that , if they were alive they would presumably be brought to the United States to stand trial for having ordered this attack …
And I remember saying in an argument with one of the former president ’s leading supporters at the Washington Post , Charles Krauthamer — in a debate that took place on Canadian television — that if this was the case , then it was a failure .
Because this was a small terrorist organisation which was n’t going to hang around in Afghanistan for the United States Army to come capture it , but would flee and look for refuge in other parts of the world , most likely in the border badlands of Pakistan , but presumably elsewhere .
So that would fail , and it did fail , because if you announce you ’re invading a country to capture A , B , and C , A , B , and C do n’t stay there .
They move on .
So the country was captured without a struggle , in reality .
Worth remembering that .
There was no real struggle by any segment of Afghan society to resist the US / NATO occupation .
Why ?
Because the key player in this war was Pakistan , which had armed the Taliban , which had sent the Taliban to take power and end a period of civil war .
And there were large numbers of Pakistani soldiers , Pakistani Air Force , Pakistani military , Pakistani intelligence people , people in Afghanistan who essentially told the Taliban leaders , “ Now is not the time to fight .
Shave your beards and come back to Pakistan , or go .
But do not resist , because you will all be killed . ”
From their point of view , it was very sane advice .
And , more astonishingly , the Taliban leadership , which was divided , actually accepted that advice .
So Kabul fell without a struggle .
And for the first two years the resistance to the United States and its NATO allies was limited , episodic , and localised .
What made it national ?
What made it national was the decision by the United States to impose a regime on Afghanistan .
One of its CIA assets , Hamid Karzai , was propelled into power .
More on him later since he has become a controversial figure as of late , supposedly fighting with the United States .
But let ’s just go through the chronology .
They imposed this regime and gave it a US bodyguard .
I think DynCorp supplied the bodyguard because Karzai said at that point that he did n’t trust any Afghans to protect him , give him personal protection .
And of course , that was astute , because they probably would have bumped him off .
He then established together with his brother a government of cronies and a very tiny , narrow circle of supporters , largely within Kabul and a tiny part of Kabul , and their aim in Afghanistan was that the only way forward was to enrich ourselves .
And in a country with the most appalling levels of poverty in the entire world , these people used the money that was being sent to them for reconstruction , money that was being sent to them both via NGOs and via states , after the Bonn conference , spent this money and they did enrich themselves .
It ’s no secret .
All of the intelligence reports coming into the United States from the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Central Intelligence Agency spell this out very clearly , the bits that have been leaked .
And I assume the bits that have n’t been leaked are even more severe in their judgments , because when a country is at war , it needs good intelligence .
And , to be fair , they had been getting good intelligence , that this regime they implanted in Afghanistan is a total disaster story .
Could it have been different ?
Difficult , given the Afghan personnel involved .
But I remember writing , very rapidly after the occupation , that even though I did n’t agree with it — and if it went the way most occupations go , it was going to be a disaster — if by some miracle , the occupying forces in Afghanistan succeeded within the first year of rebuilding the wrecked social infrastructure of the country , had a massive New Deal - type program to build hospitals , to build schools , to provide employment , and to use their military to do this and actually defend this social infrastructure , who knows ?
I just posed the question mark .
But it was too much to expect that to happen .
Because we live , or lived certainly at that time , in neoliberal times , in which the intervention of the state is never used for these purposes , because everything in the motherland was being privatised — as we know , I wo n’t go into that — and likewise in most of Europe .
So what they could n’t do in Europe and the United States , they certainly would n’t do in Afghanistan .
Some US citizens would have asked , “ If you do this for them , why ca n’t you do it for us at home ? ”
So the entire socioeconomic structure , backed by NATO armies , was a structure that made a tiny group of people very rich .
And this in front of the eyes of the poor , who were swelling the slums outside Kabul , which grew by half a million within the first two years of the occupation .
Meanwhile , huge villas were being constructed , and Karzai ’s brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , became within the first three to four years the richest man in Kabul .
How ?
By drug smuggling .
By arms smuggling .
By creaming off money which was coming .
He was the family ’s banker , given full authority by his brother to do this , and he did .
Today he is known as that .
Now the money that they have used was partially to enrich themselves .
But partially it was to try and buy a tiny social base inside Afghanistan itself .
And they have had a bit of luck .
They have succeeded in buying a few tribal leaders .
They certainly have a larger social base now in Afghanistan than they did in 2001 when Karzai was implanted .
In Kabul , it ’s not huge .
It ’s in fact very tiny .
But it is larger than he had before .
And that is what gives Karzai the sort of strength — I suppose is the word , though there is another word for it as well — to defy the people who put him in power .
It happens , and it has happened in US imperial history before .
I mean , those of you who recall the Vietnam War will remember in the last years of that war , tormented years , it became commonplace to read about Ngo Dinh Diem getting too big for his boots , about General Tran ( Quang Khoi ) getting too big for his boots , the people put in place by the United States actually challenging them on how to conduct the war and being systematically bumped off .
That was the traditional way of dealing with puppets that challenged the imperial rulers who put them in place .
But the difference between South Vietnam and Afghanistan , of course , is that in South Vietnam the United States could always find someone else to replace them .
Ultimately , of course , it did n’t work and the whole system collapsed .
In Afghanistan , there were no other candidates .
No other candidates who had come from the southern part of Afghanistan where the majority lives , a real majority — up to 50 percent if not more now , the Pashtuns of Afghanistan live there — Karzai is a Pashtun .
And to replace him with a leader from the northern tribal alliances , Abdullah Abdullah or some other joker , was not going to work .
And that ’s the reason that Peter Galbraith got kicked out of Kabul , not because he was engaged in corrupting the Kurds in relation to oil , but because he ’d screwed up by antagonising Karzai without having any alternative .
And that is why General Eikenberry , the US ambassador in Afghanistan , warned very seriously against two things .
He warned against “ the surge ” of 30,000 extra troops .
And he warned very sharply against removing Karzai in private .
Or so we are told .
Because he said , “ There is nothing else here , removing him is like handing the place over to the Taliban . ”
Karzai himself more or less defended that position and actually said , “ If you try and get rid of me ” — he actually said this to the United States — “ if you try and get rid of me , you know , I am going to join the Taliban . ”
Which would n’t be much of a political leap as people would imagine because he was once part of the Taliban .
He once worked with them before he was called down to do other work .
So he does know them .
And the fact is that there are contacts , all of the time , between these different groups in the Pashtun part of Afghanistan .
And that would have been a total disaster for NATO and the United States , and Eikenberry was convinced that the extra surge was going to be a disaster .
And in the short time he has been proved right .
I talk about “ the surge ” because this is something new .
This was President Obama ’s policy to differentiate himself from the Bush / Cheney administration .
The Iraq war was bad and we were going to pull out .
That ’s what we were told .
But the pullout is not going to happen , in my opinion .
They are going to be in Iraq now in these huge crusader - style fortresses for eternity , as they promise us , unless the Iraqis drive us out .
The British did it in the forties and fifties and were finally driven out .
So whether that happens , we ’ll see .
But that ’s another story .
There ’s been no withdrawal from Iraq either , except a withdrawal from these towns to these big bases .
But that was what was promised — withdrawal from Iraq but escalation in Afghanistan and religious language was used , citing the Cold War rhetoric of Reinhold Niebuhr , of fighting evil , “ good versus evil , ” that ’s how it started .
That ’s what we are in Afghanistan for , to “ fight evil ” and of course we ca n’t leave .
That is why we have to send more troops , to stabilise the situation so we can leave .
If you want a particularly contorted defence of this position written , I hate to say this , but really written for idiots who know nothing about Afghanistan , I would recommend the article of the British Foreign Secretary David Miliband in the New York Review of Books .
It is truly appalling , without understanding what ’s going on in the country , bland , one cliché dripping onto the pages after another , but at least saying one thing which is of interest : that we ca n’t stay there .
The US Marines went back in and with knives took the bullets out of everyone there , especially the women and children , so no one would know American bullets had been used to kill them .
Even General Eikenberry has said we ca n’t stay here forever because the big difference between the situation now and when the US landed is that the occupation itself has made the country angry .
You read between the lines or in the lines even , of what the people who go to Afghanistan from the United States say , intelligence , non-intelligence , intelligent journalists , unintelligent journalists , they all come back with one story that no one challenges : the bulk of the people do n’t want us there ; we have antagonised them .
And that is why Eikenberry opposed the surge , because he said if you send in more troops , you kill more civilians , and if you kill more civilians , you antagonise whole new swathes of Pashtuns who join the insurgents and the resistance .
It is A , B , C .
It has happened in every resistance since time immemorial .
And that is what has been happening .
You see , since the surge began , the big publicity machines going into operation — another victory , yes , we ’ve captured this , we are now going to attack Kandahar …
In fact , disaster stories .
Total and complete disaster stories .
And you read side - by - side with these big propaganda stories smaller , quite shocking stories , of which many more happen , if you read the vernacular press in Pakistan ( because that reports them ) .
But occasionally they find a way into the mainstream press in the United States and Britain and other parts of Europe .
Let ’s just see one story .
The US Special Black Ops Squad targets a house because they think insurgents are in the house .
They do n’t explain why they think that , but they say they ’re pretty sure .
They attack the house and kill everyone in it .
In that house is a family , a large joined family .
Everyone is killed .
Women , children , a pregnant woman — this happened in February — are killed .
Realising what they ’ve done … but the story is already going out : “ We had a targeted attack on an insurgent house and it was successful . ”
Then , a London Times journalist who ’s there , embedded with the troops , finds out what really happens .
That it was a completely innocent family that was killed , that they went back in , the marines on these special operations , and with knives took the bullets out of everyone there , especially the women and children , so that no one would know American bullets had been used to kill them and to cover up the whole story .
Now this is a tiny cover up .
But there have been big cover ups since .
A week after this event happened , a passenger bus on its way to Kandahar was bombed and hit by helicopter gunships .
Why ?
Because the troops on the ground had said that the bus was traveling in a funny way , and may have insurgents in it .
So they fired at the bus and killed a few dozen people , wounded several dozen others , and even Karzai once again had to say , “ This is atrocious , how the hell can we do anything if this is going on ? ”
This is the concrete result of the surge , essentially .
And Petraeus who ordered it and convinced Obama to go ahead with it against the advice of Eikenberry and others within the US Army , must be made accountable .
I mean , he should be summoned by a Senate Foreign Relations Committee and questioned .
You know , “ we ’ve had the surge now .
This is what you guys are doing .
How is this going to help anyone ?
The Afghans who you claim you go in to help or even the United States , whatever their point of view , how is this sort of behaviour going to help anyone ? ”
So the situation now in my opinion is totally out of control and they know it .
Which is why Karzai talks of joining the Taliban .
Which is why the official line of the West as you can read even in the mealy - mouthed article produced by the British secretary in the New York Review of Books , and the statements of Biden and others , is that they ’ve now discovered that there ’s a good Taliban and a bad Taliban .
Like there was a good war ( Afghanistan ) and a bad war ( Iraq ) , now there ’s a good Taliban and a bad Taliban .
Who are the good Taliban ?
The good Taliban are essentially those people directly controlled by Pakistani military intelligence , led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , an old , old veteran guerrilla jihadi who fought with the United States and Pakistan against the Russians in the ’80s .
But this guy has been on the Pakistani military intelligence ’s payroll for a long , long time .
He claims to have in Afghanistan a group of people who are prepared to collaborate and join Karzai ’s government , provided that the United States behaves themselves , stops killing civilians , even they say that !
The bad Taliban are the ones who say , we are prepared to be part of a national government — not that we do n’t want to take power ourselves — we are happy to be part of a national government , but once all foreign troops have gone .
And that is the view which more and more Afghans are now putting forward .
And the people the United States could depend on , the Northern Alliance people in the north , basically take their orders from Moscow .
I mean , let ’s be totally blunt about it .
So a lot will depend on what the Russians tell them .
And at the moment if you read the Russian press , there are of course many veterans of the Russian war in Afghanistan who are feeling a sense of Schadenfreude .
They ’re saying , “ Well it happened to us , now it ’s happening to you , you have to get out . ”
That is what the Russian press is reporting .
The latest upheaval in Kyrgyzstan — the first statement of the new president , Rosa ( named , by the way , after Rosa Luxemburg in the old days ) actually said , “ One of the first things we ’re going to do is to ask the Americans to close down the base . ”
After a conversation with Putin , she said , “ Well , we will negotiate the American presence . ”
But clearly there ’s pressure building up .
The other ally which gave the US the green light to occupy both Iraq and Afghanistan are the Iranian clerics .
I mean , it ’s no secret now .
It ’s come out , close advisers to President Bush who were in the White House negotiating with the Iranians and actually negotiated this tricky business of getting the Iranians to agree to a US occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan — they have come out publicly and said that the Iranian decision not to oppose us was crucial .
They said it on the Charlie Rose show not so long ago , I think two or three weeks ago , and they ’re absolutely right .
Because without that Iranian backing it would have been very difficult for the US to pull off Iraq and Afghanistan .
But they are now in the business of antagonising the Iranians saying , “ We ’re going to impose sanctions , ” and this is all largely under Israeli pressure .
So the US finds itself more isolated today in Afghanistan than it was in 2001 , when virtually the whole world supported it .
What is the way out ?
Now , what is the way out ?
The only way out is the way the Russians took and the British before them .
And by the way , the British were driven out of Afghanistan in the nineteenth century .
They fought two wars , and they were driven out ; they were defeated at a time when weapons were very straightforward and simple .
Of course , the British had the Maxim gun , or something closely resembling it , which later became the Maxim gun .
They had quite advanced technology for the time .
But they were defeated essentially , you know , by tribal guerrillas who had nothing but very old - fashioned rifles which often took just one gunshot , and they fired it normally for killing animals .
And the British , realising they had lost , left the country .
And they claimed they left it alone .
But they never did because they were then occupying and ruling over India .
It was British India at the time .
And when , for the first time , you had in Afghanistan an attempt by native Afghans to create a popular democratic constitution in 1918 , 1919 — inspired partially by the Kemalists in Turkey , and partially by the Bolsheviks — the new king , Amanullah , said , “ We will have a democratic constitution and permit elections , ” and his wife Soraya , said , “ And we will give women the right to vote . ”
This was in the Afghan draft constitution .
In other words , if that had gone through , women in Afghanistan would have had the right to vote before they did in the United States and Britain and most parts of the West .
But this plan was defeated by a British plot which conspired with very deeply conservative and reactionary tribes and toppled this regime and put a semi- puppet regime in its place which was always unstable .
So it ’s all been tried before .
The Russians likewise invaded Afghanistan in 1979 after two unanimous politburo decisions not to do it .
Zbigniew Brzezinski boasts that they drew them into a bear trap .
Was false information put on the desk of the politburo saying that Hafizullah Amin , the president of Afghanistan , was a CIA agent ?
Probably .
In any case , they changed their minds ; they went in and were stuck in an unwinnable bloody war for ten years , until finally , Gorbachev came and decided , “ We have to withdraw unilaterally , ” and General Boris Gromov crossed the River Oxus , the Amu Darya , marched out .
Quite a courageous thing to do given the enormous causalities they had had .
Now , the big difference between then and now — but this should n’t really give too much hope to those in favour of an indefinite war — is that the Afghan mujahideen , the jihadis , Osama bin Laden , groups from Egypt , Sudan , Yemen , Saudi Arabia fighting the Jihad , funded by Pakistani military intelligence , were backed by the entire West , including the Israelis for the first time .
There were Mossad people giving very concrete advice inside Pakistan to the jihadis fighting the Russians .
And so there was no shortage of weapons , munitions , propaganda , money .
All the jihadi groups were built up at the time by the Pakistani intelligence to defeat the Russians .
One thing I will say about the Russians , opposed though I was to that invasion and occupation , simply for the reason that I said , “ If this happens the Americans will come in and it will become a Cold War battlefield and the whole area will be a mess for thirty years . ”
And it is more than that now .
Afghanistan has now been at war , bloody , brutal war since 1979 , longer than the Vietnam War , longer than the First World War , longer than the Second World War , and imagine what that does to the people …
But I was saying that , opposed though I was , the Russians at least did one thing .
They did build an education infrastructure , they did build hospitals , and for the time they were there , they did attempt — and succeeded — to educate Afghan women , lots of people were trained as technicians , lots of people were taught sciences , lots of people were given free room , board and lodging , and education at higher institutions in Moscow .
That they did .
Their successors in the invasion occupation business , the US and NATO , have not done that .
They claim they have but the statistics are a joke .
And any serious person who goes to Afghanistan reports back on how much of a joke it is : statistics are cooked , statistics are manufactured , handed to them , and they believe them .
But of course the real intelligence forces in that country know that this is far removed from the truth .
So , this is a war which is unwinnable , this is a war which is going to end , no one can win it .
Neither the United States nor the insurgents .
The insurgents do not have the power to inflict a Vietnamese - style defeat , and that defeat too which the Vietnamese inflicted in 1975 — you know , we tend to sort of exaggerate the indigenous impact ; it was very strong , but we must n’t forget the Vietnamese armies had state - of - the - art weaponry from the Soviet Union and from the early days from China .
So they were incredibly well armed to take on the United States ; even though their causalities were huge , they inflicted very heavy damage .
And the second help the Vietnamese had , which is hardly a secret , is from the huge anti-war movement that erupted in the United States because you had a conscript army and every single family was affected by that war .
These two factors are missing in the case of Afghanistan .
So there ’s not going to be any quick victory for the insurgents .
But they now have the support of large swathes of the population who were indifferent to them , because of their experience of the regime they had imposed on Afghanistan , and are now not so indifferent .
And what has made them supportive of the insurgents and [ enabled ] large numbers of kids joining the insurgency is how the NATO armies have operated .
Look , it ’s not just the killings , it ’s not just the massacre of innocents , which happens regularly ; it is the whole tone and tenor of this occupation .
That the way Western soldiers , Western journalists , Western administrators , Western NGOs live is in such sharp contrast with the ordinary people of the country , that it excites anger and makes people feel this is not the way we are ever going to get anything .
The argument being used today by Obama and his British camp followers is : “ We can create a stable Afghan army .
Look : we have an Afghan army of 100,000 people . ”
Hang on a minute .
You may have that on paper .
How do you know how many of these 100,000 soldiers are on your side , how do you know that all the people you ’re training to be policemen are on your side ?
We know what the insurgency has instructed people to do .
It ’s not a secret .
They ’ve said in the villages and in the towns , “ If the Americans offer you military training , if they say , ‘ We ’ll teach you how to use weapons , ’ join it ; we need people in there . ”
Classic resistance tactics , utilised in virtually every resistance struggle over the last century .
The Vietnamese did it , by the way .
Lots of the opponents were asked to join the South Vietnamese army .
Which is why sections of them collapsed in ’ 74 , ’75 .
And the Afghans are doing it because it ’s an obvious thing to do , and in this case even more so — no one is backing you , no one is training you , a tiny chunk of your forces are getting irregular , informal help from the Pakistanis .
But by and large you ’re dependent on the weapons you capture and the training you get .
And we ’ve had episodes lately of supposedly loyal Afghan policeman turning and killing British officers .
We ’ve had a famous case of an Afghan agent working for the intelligence agencies of the United States who went into a very heavily guarded secure facility and shot people dead .
And that is not surprising given the anger that exists at the moment .
Get out of Afghanistan !
So what to do ?
What then is to be done ?
Out .
Got to get out of Afghanistan and got to get out quick .
And not get out by saying we ’re leaving the towns and we ’re going to build four huge military bases in Afghanistan , because it ’s not going to work .
I think it might work in Iraq for a while as long as the Iranians let it work .
It ’s not going to work in Afghanistan , because when the United States first announced they were going to build bases in Afghanistan for perpetuity , there were public street demonstrations in every big city : south , west , east , north .
All the cities came out .
No one wants that — not even those allied .
Whether Karzai wants that is an open question .
If he wants to stay in Afghanistan , he wo n’t accept that ; if he wants to leave with the NATO troops , he will .
Now the big question is , what should be the mode of withdrawal ?
Sometimes , people say , “ But if we go , wo n’t there be a bigger mess ? ”
Well , probably there will for a short time .
But then I think a withdrawal is something which has to be organised , after serious discussions — and serious discussions with the local neighboring countries .
There is no way the Pakistani regime , whichever regime you have , can be excluded from being part of the process , because apart from anything else , millions of Pashtuns live on the Pakistani side of the border .
It always used to be a notion of a nominal border which was never seriously policed until this recent occupation and during the Soviet occupation .
Prior to that anyone could cross it , any Pashtun could cross the border .
No one ever asked him or her or any kid for their passports .
The same tribes live on each side .
So obviously there are links .
And that is the other factor , which has to be taken into account — that this spillage from the Afghan war is now totally destabilising Pakistan .
The notion that Pakistan is a country which , simply because it has an elected government , is calm and peaceful — that ’s not true .
It does what the West asks it to do .
But that ’s a very different business from actually knowing how to run the country .
Pakistan has its own Karzai - style figure , Asif Zardari , who ’s a thief , a crook , possibly a murderer , some people say he is a murderer , and who will be swept away soon by the democratic process if it is permitted , because all he ’s done since he ’s come to power is that he and his cronies have been making money .
And if these are the allies which the US backs in these countries regardless of how they ’re in power , it does n’t help them in any way .
But the Pakistani military obviously is a key player , and has to be part of the process of withdrawal , as have the Iranians , as have the Russians , the Chinese .
These are the four critical players .
The Chinese because they have investments there and their money is needed to rebuild the country ; the Pakistanis , Iranians , and the Russians because they need to tell their supporters in this country , “ We need a national coalition government in Afghanistan for ten years , we ’ll disarm you , no violence will be tolerated , we ’re going to rebuild the country . ”
That is the only way forward .
I know it seems utopian at the moment .
But the other way is to send more and more troops which will lead to more and more Afghan deaths , more and more US deaths , more and more NATO deaths .
I mean , the Germans have now sent in more troops than most European countries , have started participating in clashes .
One of the first clashes they had was they shot dead their own allies in the Afghan army , which created havoc in that country .
And just so that we know , the last opinion poll in Germany showed more than 80 percent of the German population opposed increasing German troops in Afghanistan .
In Britain , the figures are lower .
I ’m talking to you at a time of a general election campaign which is taking place here , which you could be forgiven for thinking it was n’t taking place , because there 's no big enthusiasm for it , unlike the last campaign in the United States .
But 77 per cent of the British population is in favour of withdrawing the troops and has declared its opposition to the war .
Opposition not reflected by any of the three major political parties contesting this election .
In Spain , in Italy , in France , it ’s exactly the same .
In Holland , a government has collapsed because the Labour Party there , to its credit , said they were not prepared to vote for continuing the Dutch presence in Afghanistan .
And if the Dutch begin to do it — and some of you may know , they are probably the country , apart from Britain , which does whatever the US wants — then you ’re in trouble .
So the European population is unhappy with this .
They wo n’t act , they wo n’t move , because they think they feel disempowered , they think it is n’t going to help .
But a way out is absolutely necessary .
And one of the ways to do it is , as I ’ve suggested — because if the US decides to stay on , and indefinitely kill and be killed — it ’s not going to help anyone , and if this war spreads into Pakistan in a big way and succeeds in splitting the Pakistani military which has so far managed to preserve its command structure , it could be [ catastrophic ] .
So although it ’s the continuity with previous policies and the escalation of the war in that region , one ca n’t say that this is a surprise , because Obama promised that he was going to do it in the election campaign .
But some of us said then it was a crazy thing to pledge and an even crazier thing to carry out .
So in brief , the US has to concentrate now not on surges , not on wishful thinking , but on beginning the process to pull itself out from Afghanistan .
And when it does , all the Europeans , highly relieved , will follow suit .
[ Tariq Ali is an author and filmmaker .
He has written more than two dozen books on world history and politics , and seven novels — most recently Night of the Golden Butterfly .
He is an editor of New Left Review and lives in London . ]
Abu Dhabi :
As the UAE takes the lead in renewable energy , the Gulf region can become a leader in solar power generation and a major draw for renewable energy investors , said Helene Pelosse , director general of the International Renewable Energy Authority ( Irena )
The lead negotiator of a European Union directive to achieve a 20 per cent renewable energy share of regional energy consumption by 2020 , Pelosse told the audience at the Emirates Centre for Strategic Studies and Research ( ECSSR ) that despite peak oil concerns and growing electricity demand , the Gulf and the Mena region do n't have to worry about the future .
" The potential for this region is huge , with each square kilometre of land receiving every year an amount of solar energy that is equivalent to 1.5 million barrels of crude oil . "
Pelosse added that due to its great potential — in particular solar energy — the Gulf region can become a major draw for renewable energy investors .
Market conditions
" Well - designed , comprehensive and reliable support mechanisms for the market entry of renewable energy technology — including research , development and incentive programmes — are needed to boost initial investment and to create attractive market conditions . "
Pelosse said the UAE has taken the lead with the commitment to 7 per cent renewable energy in its electricity production by 2020 , as well as the Masdar initiative .
The Abu Dhabi Future Energy Company ( Masdar ) is building a $ 22 - billion carbon - neutral city in the desert near Abu Dhabi to be powered entirely by renewable energies including solar power .
It has unveiled the most advanced concentrating solar power ( CSP ) plant in the region .
The Shams 1 project will employ a field of parabolic troughs , but instead of focusing the sun 's energy onto fluid - filled pipes , the mirrors will concentrate sun rays on a receiver filled with molten salt .
The pilot plant will test a modified tower design to generate up to 100 kilowatts ( kW ) of power .
Large solar projects are also underway in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait .
Qatar is also building a $ 2.6 - billion Energy City project , a green energy business district scheduled for completion by 2012 .
With an adopted budget of $ 13.7 million for 2010 , Irena plans to focus on building a network of international renewable energy experts , start mapping the global potential of renewables and build up a comprehensive database of policies to promote renewable energy .
If we saw this motley collection of plants differently , Del Tredici suggests , we ’d realize they ’re a kind of marvel : living things in the harsh and stressful urban landscape that do n’t just survive there , but thrive .
With no effort on our part , they fill the city with greenery , providing cleaner air and water , shade , and food and habitat for wildlife .
They do it without expensive fertilizers and irrigation .
It ’s time , he suggests , that we learned to embrace them — to stop thinking of them only as weeds to uproot , and start considering what they have to offer .
“ I consider ‘ weed ’ to be a politically incorrect term , ” he says .
“ There is no biological definition of the term weed .
It ’s really a value judgment . ”
What some people see as a collection of undesirable plants , Del Tredici views as a valuable ecosystem that ’s unique to the hostile habitat of the city .
He ’s the author of a new field guide , “ Wild Urban Plants of the Northeast , ” that focuses exclusively on species like these , the hardy and self - sufficient plant life that grows spontaneously in cities .
Though the book is primarily a catalog of plants , Del Tredici also sees it as part of a deeper argument : that there ’s a lot more value in these plants than we give them credit for .
But the very characteristics that most people deride are ones that Del Tredici admires .
He calls this area an “ emergent forest , ” an ecosystem formed spontaneously without the help of human hands .
Those thin trees , for instance , are ailanthus trees , featured in the book “ A Tree Grows in Brooklyn ” — planted originally for ornamental purposes , but now flourishing on their own because of their ability to grow by cloning themselves at the roots .
“ I do n’t think anybody has planted an ailanthus tree in 100 years , yet it is the most common tree in most northeastern cities by a long shot , ” Del Tredici says .
The phragmitis reeds , which also fill the Back Bay Fens , are able to thrive in highly degraded wetlands like this one , where they help clean polluted water .
But on this sunny spring afternoon , Del Tredici is interested in a far less spectacular destination : an area just outside the gate across South Street known as Stony Brook Marsh , where untamed vegetation grows atop an abandoned trash heap .
On one side , a brackish pond is filled with invasive phragmitis reeds .
On the other , a hillside of rubble has been colonized by a haphazard forest of thin trees .
Along the path , stalks of Japanese knotweed poke insistently from the ground .
It ’s filled with species that are often called “ invasive , ” “ noxious , ” and “ weed , ” the kinds of plants that conservationists rail against and homeowners consider unsightly .
What makes a plant worth our admiration ?
Peter Del Tredici , a senior research scientist at the Arnold Arboretum , walks up a short grassy hill near the South Street Gate and points to what he considers to be the Arboretum ’s most amazing tree : the dwarf beech , a tree seemingly born from a German expressionist landscape , its knobby branches folded into a series of right angles that create a canopy resembling barbed wire .
It ’s one of many impressive trees in the Arboretum ’s 265 acres in Jamaica Plain , which are carefully managed by a team of professional horticulturists .
Fences , pavement cracks , railroad tracks , highway medians — these are specialized habitats that humans create , and they offer niches where certain plants thrive .
Many of these plants are “ pre-adapted ” to the urban environment .
Species that grow in sidewalk cracks , for instance , originally grew in the cracks of cliffs and other marginal areas .
Other urban plants are accustomed to rough conditions , and can survive being stepped on or attacked repeatedly by maintenance crews .
Butter and eggs , also called yellow toadflax , originally grew in open grasslands , sand dunes , and gravelly soils ; in the city , it readily sprouts up in cracked asphalt , vacant lots , rubble piles , and roadsides .
Some plants are native to areas with challenging chemical conditions , and they can tolerate the pollution in city soils and waterways , and the salt that leaches off roads .
Their toughness means that we can still maintain greenery in places we ’ve made inhospitable to most plant life .
Because most of us see these bits of greenery as aberrations , we do n’t appreciate these small spaces for what they are : micro-environments that manage to support an entire specialized ecosystem .
A few feet away , he points to tiny maple seedlings pushing out of the dirt surrounding a concrete light post .
Further down , he finds a Virginia creeper growing along a chain - link fence — which happens to be a wonderful habitat for plants , he points out , because it gives them a protected place to grow .
The loose soil at the gate is home to a modest garden of what most people would call weeds : dandelions , chicory , mugwort , butter and eggs — all scrappy plants that grow stubbornly in pockets of land that no one is responsible for .
At some point , he says , “ someone will weed - whack all of this . ”
In his quest to better understand urban plants , Del Tredici explored corners of the city that held habitats less obvious than open spaces like Stony Brook Marsh .
As we exit onto Washington Street , we find a less hospitable environment — a spit of dirt at the entrance of the stone gate , where some greenery has managed to grow .
Del Tredici is offering an entirely different philosophy .
Nothing is native to the city , he argues .
The modern city is a new kind of habitat — one that provides pockets of livable spaces in surroundings that can be harsh , inhospitable , and polluted .
The city habitat is so specialized , our divisions of “ native ” and “ invasive ” plants does n’t really apply here .
Instead , the plants that grow and thrive here could be considered the natural denizens of a new kind of habitat — what he calls “ cosmopolitan ” species .
Like the human residents of Boston , many have immigrated from other parts of the world to coexist in a single community .
“ You can in many cases get as much functionality out of a cosmopolitan group of plants as you can out of a native group of plants , ” he says .
When most of us think about the urban landscape , we tend to fall into one of two worldviews .
One is what you might call the traditional gardener ’s approach , cultivating attractive ornamental plants while eliminating weeds — think of Boston ’s Public Garden , or a carefully landscaped front yard .
More recently , a new idea has gained ground : to reflect the natural landscape by planting native vegetation , while eliminating alien species .
Like any other plants , these species are consuming carbon dioxide , producing oxygen , creating shade , and serving as food and habitat for wildlife .
Even mugwort , which he calls “ the quintessential urban weed , ” absorbs heavy metals from the ground , prevents erosion on slopes , and helps populate barren , nutrient - depleted soils .
And they do it all without help .
By contrast , “ the Arboretum looks the way it does because we have 15 people who come in every day ” to maintain it , Del Tredici says .
After spending more than three decades at the Arboretum focusing on the kinds of plants that people use to beautify landscapes , Del Tredici began turning his attention to this so - called spontaneous vegetation , prompted by the interest of his students at the Harvard Design School , where he is a lecturer .
“ Even though it ’s a very common and very important part of the city , nobody pays much attention to it , ” he says .
His students calculated that spontaneous vegetation covers about 10 percent of the land in Somerville .
With all the interest in sustainability these days , he argues , nothing is more sustainable than landscapes that grow on their own .
For that reason , spontaneous vegetation could be an attractive alternative for landscape design :
It conserves water and other resources , and it ’s affordable for cities with diminishing maintenance budgets .
In his book and lectures , Del Tredici proposes an approach to urban wild spaces that is less about planting and more about editing , in which plants are allowed to grow naturally and then only maintained minimally to weed out truly undesirable species , like vines that choke out other plants .
Although it ’s hard to imagine such an approach being implemented in high - profile spots like the Public Garden , it could be a way to boost the city ’s plant cover in spaces that are open but unmanaged — for instance , vacant lots that are not currently in use .
Del Tredici also proposes creating what he calls “ spontaneous roofs , ” in which soil on a roof is allowed to self - colonize with plants — a low - maintenance alternative to planted green roofs that only requires occasional weeding .
His ideas are n’t an easy sell with the professional landscapers who look after parkland in and around the city .
Bree Harvey , a spokesperson at Mount Auburn Cemetery , says , “ We have to keep the place looking the way all the people who have purchased grave space here expect it to look . ”
Dennis Collins , the cemetery ’s horticultural curator , says that there are also historical and cultural regions for preserving the space , which is designated as a National Historic Landmark , from encroaching weeds .
“ We ’re not a natural area ; it ’s 170 - plus years of managed landscape , ” he says .
Jeremy Dick , a horticulturist for Boston Natural Areas Network , known as BNAN , says that while Del Tredici ’s ideas makes sense and offer potential benefits for urban spaces , implementing them would require major shifts in attitude .
“ Land stewards and conservationists in the future will need to overcome their bias toward these plants to appreciate them , ” says Dick .
Many of the urban plants Del Tredici talks about are alien to the area , and these people have been trained to view all invasive species in a negative light .
Dick says that BNAN , which owns or helps to manage several community gardens , urban wilds , and greenways in the Boston area , often receives complaints from residents if an area becomes too weedy or unkempt .
When people see spontaneous plants springing up , they see a mismanaged area and start to worry that it invites trash - dumping , or crime .
Del Tredici is aware that he faces an uphill battle .
We ca n’t escape the fact that neatly trimmed rose bushes signal wealth and safety , while dandelions poking out of asphalt cracks are signs of poverty and neglect .
Even if weeds are a symptom of urban blight , not the cause , it would take quite a campaign to disconnect the two in people ’s minds .
Del Tredici himself admits that features like spontaneous roofs have a slim chance of being widely accepted in the United States .
However , there are small signs of change .
At Mount Auburn Cemetery , Collins says that landscapers have begun to phase out pesticide use on the grass in recent years , resulting in lawns that are marbled with dandelions and clover .
“ People are getting used to a different concept of turf ; they ’re not expecting the perfect golf course in quality , ” he says .
As Del Tredici and I walk back through Stony Brook Marsh , we stop to look at the smooth , undulating trunks of the ailanthus trees — which although not as dramatic as the dwarf beech , are striking in their clonal similarity .
I ask him if he looks at plants like this and sees beauty .
“ I ’m open - minded about beauty , ” he answers .
It may take a while before the rest us catch up .
Courtney Humphries is a freelance science writer and the author of ” Superdove : How the Pigeon Took Manhattan ... And the World . ”
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Triumph , makers of other gimmick bras including one that comes with a sushi set and another that comes with solar panels , said it came up with the " rice bra " because of the growing popularity of farming among city dwellers in Japan .
The last time Greeks were shown to be storming their parliament on live TV , we got a 1,000 point drop on the Dow Jones .
Today , another 100,000 protesters of austerity are expected to hit the streets as the entire country is essentially shut down .
From the BBC : " Much of Greece 's transport network has been immobilised , as trade unions stage another 24 - hour general strike against austerity measures .
Ferries are tied up in port , railway stations shut , and the Labour Ministry occupied by communist protesters .
Organisers are hoping that up to 100,000 people will join protests on the streets later .
There are fears of renewed violence after protests in Athens two weeks ago led to the deaths of three people .
The country 's main civil service and public sector unions say they represent some 2.5 million workers .
" People are bleeding financially but they will participate in the strike , " Ilias Vrettakos , a senior member of the ADEDY union , was quoted as saying by Reuters . "
And for those who wish to follow the strike and potential Storming Of The Parliament Part 2 , here is a live feed from the main Parliament square .
The other day , I said Kinect appeals to nobody .
I 'll be honest , I did n't expect the glorified EyeToy to sell all that well .
However , I underestimated exactly how hard Microsoft would try in order to push Kinect to the millions of idiots who infest the world .
Now Microsoft has bought the lowest common denominator imaginable -- Justin Bieber -- and thus Kinect will sell billions .
Yep , the shameless cartoon - faced homunculus opened his world tour show with footage of himself basically advertising Kinect , much to the delight of the screaming harpies who constantly beg him to follow them on Twitter .
I dread to think how much Microsoft paid to get him to do it , but I can't deny that the investment will likely pay off .
The only way Sony can counteract this is to get PlayStation Move into the next Twilight movie .
Thus begins a new era of the Console Wars known simply as " IDIOTGEDDON " .
Well , it could have been worse .
It could have all been a dream .
Actually , that might have been better , if the finale of “ Lost ” had ended with some alien life form or surprising human — Ray Bradbury , say , or Terry O’Quinn in a pre-audition nap — opening his eyes from the craziest dream ever .
Instead , it turns out the passengers of Oceanic 815 are all dead , victims , if the end - credit imagery is to believed , of the same tragic plane accident that started the whole thing .
Six seasons of polar bears , bachelor pad hatches , landlocked ships , personal submarines and a fleet of fallen airplanes , and it was all apparently some sort of shared afterlife experience .
Excuse me , but what are we supposed to do with those religious statues full of heroin , with Fionnula Flanagan ’s pendulums , with the crazy Frenchwoman and the time shifts and the whole glorious Richard Alpert back story ?
And what on Earth are we supposed to do with the Dharma Initiative ?
Release them into the universe , apparently , along with the image of Allison Janney in bad biblical hair .
Because as Desmond ( Henry Ian Cusick ) kept telling Jack and anyone who would listen , really , none of it matters , except that it ’s over , and even if Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse decided , and possibly at the last minute , that their uber - narrative would be an over - the - top marriage of “ Incident at Owl Creek Bridge ” and “ It ’s a Wonderful Life , ” at least it ’s over , and that ’s something .
Advertisement
Because watching “ Lost ” has been a bit like being pregnant .
The thrill of discovery , followed by the delight of watching a nascent form evolve into something real .
Then the long delightful exhausting middle months , until it came down to a few final weeks , fueled by fevered anticipation and the wretched , bloated desire to just get the dang thing over with .
And as with most birth experiences , there was blood and there were tears .
Lots of tears .
In the end , “ Lost ” was not , despite all that blogging to the contrary , a modern allegory of good versus evil or faith versus science .
“ Lost , ” it turns out , was nothing more or less than a love story , the 2 1/ 2 hours of its finale tilted much more toward lovers ’ reunions than the final battle between Jack ( Matthew Fox ) and John Locke ( Terry O’Quinn ) .
So the sound you heard ‘ round about 10 Sunday night was thousands of nonromantics wishing for a time slip that would give them those 2 1/2 hours and possibly six seasons back .
Which is ridiculous , of course , because the message of “ Lost ” had nothing to do with smoke monsters or even true love — it was about living in the present .
The slippery , ever - shifting , oh - now - there ’s - a - temple - in - the - jungle present .
Viewers either went with it or they did n’t .
Advertisement
No matter how you felt about the resolution of the finale , the 144 or so minutes that preceded it were pretty compelling television , proof if nothing else that if Kate ( Evangeline Lilly ) picks up a gun in the first episode , it will go off in the last , that O’Quinn and Michael Emerson ( Ben ) should be nominated for at least two Emmys apiece and Cusick needs his own series .
And if there was some pretty clunky dialogue , including Hurley ( Jorge Garcia ) saying , “ I ’ve got a bad feeling about this , ” there were more than a few highlights , including :
The resigned exclamation Ben ( Emerson ) makes when Sawyer hits him — is there any member of the cast who has n’t beaten Ben up ?
The “ My mouth ’s bleedin ’ , Bert ” look on Locke ’s face when Jack hits him and Locke realizes he is mortal once again .
That Hurley becomes , at the last moment , the keeper of the island .
His belief in himself was touching and for one moment one could forget the real mystery of “ Lost , ” which is how Hurley actually seemed to get heavier despite all that walking .
Advertisement
The return of Shannon ( Maggie Grace ) into Sayid ’s arms was the most romantic moment of the night , though I do n’t know what to say about the Dixie Chick hair — especially if this is heaven .
The scene in which Claire ( Emilie de Ravin ) gives birth backstage at the Widmore benefit while Kate assists and Charlie ( Dominic Monaghan ) in full rocker gear looks on was one of the low points ( although it works well for my pregnancy analogy ) .
But the most disturbing image of the evening happened during the commercial break :
It is too soon for the smoke monster to shill for Target .
mary.mcnamara@latimes.com
Pre-order “ Lost : The Complete Collection ” on DVD
Advertisement
MIAMI -- Hanley Ramirez was benched by Florida Marlins manager Fredi Gonzalez for not hustling after a ball during a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night .
Last year 's NL batting champion , Ramirez committed a costly error in the second inning after Tony Abreu 's looper dropped near him in short left field .
The star shortstop accidentally kicked the ball about 100 feet toward the left - field corner and loafed after it , allowing two runners to score as Abreu advanced to third .
Ramirez , who eventually retrieved the ball , was replaced by Brian Barden the next inning .
After the game , Gonzalez confirmed that Ramirez was pulled for not hustling .
Ramirez also was shaken up after fouling Edwin Jackson 's pitch off his left shin in the first inning and was tended to by a trainer .
Moments later , he bounced into an inning - ending double play .
" Hanley left the game because we felt -- he got smoked in the ankle -- but we felt whether he was hurt or not hurt or whatever it was , we felt that the effort was n't there that we wanted , " Gonzalez said .
" There 's 24 guys out there that are busting their butts .
Cody
Ross got hit with a ball 95 mph and it was n't hit or thrown any slower and he stayed in the game making diving plays and battling , got two hits and an RBI .
" There are some injuries there , but we expect an effort from 25 guys on this team and when that does n't happen , we have got to do something , " he added .
Ramirez was not available for comment after Florida 's 5 - 1 loss , which snapped a four - game winning streak .
" They do n't leave the game without my permission , so I told him he needed to go inside and we are going to run Barden out there , who has a sprained ankle by the way , and he battled for eight innings in there with a sprained ankle probably killing him , but that 's the effort we 're looking at as an organization , as a team , and that 's that , " Gonzalez said .
A two - time All - Star , Ramirez is hitting .293 with seven home runs and 20 RBIs .
He is the Marlins ' highest - paid player after signing a $ 70 million , six - year contract in 2008 .
" You guys call him a marquee guy , " Gonzalez said .
" I got 25 guys all wearing the same uniform with all of the same Marlins insignia on the front and I think it 's disappointing if anybody did it , not just one guy . "
When asked whether there would be any additional punishment for Ramirez , Gonzalez responded : " You mean more embarrassment than being taken out of a major league game ? "
Gonzalez also was asked if Ramirez would be in the lineup Tuesday afternoon against the Diamondbacks .
" We 'll see , " the manager said .
For him , that meant living deep in a Swedish forest , an hour and a half walk from the nearest train station — a trip that could take four hours during the winter , when the snow was deep — with a couple of other similarly inclined individuals who would come and go .
He had a cellphone , which he charged with a small solar generator and used to call his family and his girlfriend , a college student who visited him every few weeks .
His diet was not for the fainthearted .
Along with perch and pike from nearby lakes , he ate wild plants like nettles , berries and tubers , as well as mice and rats .
He could n’t hunt larger game because he did n’t have a gun — to purchase one , he would have had to provide an address — but he began studying how to make a bow and fletch arrows .
On infrequent trips to town , he would scavenge for unspoiled food in the trash .
“ We live in a world where everything is so specialized , now people do n’t know how to make anything , they do n’t know how to survive , ” he said , speaking by cellphone from the forest .
“ I ’m not completely self - sufficient , but I ’m learning . ”
Every aspect of his daily routine was essential to his survival .
“ I have to collect firewood , rather than do some job that I have no idea what is the point , which I hate , and from which I am completely alienated , ” he said .
“ Everything in my life feels full of meaning . ”
Recently , though , Mr. Griffith - Jones left the forest , having decided that the lifestyle was not as sustainable as he had hoped , mostly because “ women were n’t willing to live there , ” he said , “ or raise up children in the forest . ”
He is now trying to start an ecologically minded commune on a farm nearby .
DAVID GLASHEEN , 66 , likened his experience of living alone to “ going to the moon . ”
“ Everything you ’ve ever learned means nothing till you come to a place like this , ” said Mr. Glasheen , who lives on Restoration Island , off the northern coast of Australia , with his mixed - breed dog , Quasi , and has been there since 1996 .
“ It ’s the pinnacle of privacy . ”
An entrepreneur who said he has worked in a number of fields — including mineral exploration , food services and toys — he had suffered a series of financial losses and divorce when a girlfriend suggested escaping to an island in the early 1990s .
Within days , lasers " stripped " away tangled rain forest to reveal a sprawling Maya city bigger and more advanced than anyone had imagined .
This week , President Obama is hosting a crucial Nuclear Security Summit in Washington .
With 23,000 nuclear weapons worldwide , experts are clear : we either eliminate all nuclear weapons or accept living in a world where virtually any country or terrorist group can get one .
Last year , over 115,000 of us helped secure a historic commitment by Russia and the US to reduce their nuclear arsenals by a third - - a commitment affirmed in the new US - Russia treaty .
But only a massive surge of people power can persuade world leaders to take bolder steps to achieve a world free of nuclear weapons .
We cannot miss this historic opportunity !
Sign the declaration below , then spread the word -- the petition numbers will be announced at the summit :
It was just another tragedy in family court .
A young crack mother , desperate to conceal her pregnancy , had locked herself in a tenement bathroom and given birth to a three - pound boy .
As she pushed , he fell to the floor and broke his skull .
The mother abandoned him , like she had two previous babies .
All were born addicted to crack .
“ Can we do anything about this woman ? ” asks Judge Judith Sheindlin , her voice taut with anger .
“ I know she ’s on the streets , but can we stop her from populating half the planet ? ”
A social worker flips through the mother ’s file and shrugs .
Advertisement
“ Maybe we could get her to carpet the bathroom floor next time , ” he says acidly .
“ That ’s one idea . ”
In family court , nothing is too outrageous .
Everything that can go wrong with an American family plays out on its stage daily , in a grim pageant of dysfunction : Battered infants .
Sexual abuse of teens .
Ugly custody fights .
Kids who rape at 10 and murder at 11 .
A world spinning out of control , mocking the legal system that seeks to contain it .
This is where the future unravels -- in a dreary , 11 - story building that offers little solace to the young and bureaucratic headaches for adults .
Like its counterparts across the country , the Manhattan branch of New York ’s Family Court is supposed to protect children and reform delinquents .
But it ’s a bitter , ingrown place , a rat ’s maze of regulations where kids are processed like sausage and even cynics rage at the system ’s grinding indifference .
For some , the tension leads to burnout and sleepless nights .
Yet others , like Sheindlin , try to make a difference .
After 20 years in family court , she still brings intelligence , compassion and healthy skepticism to a job that seems all but impossible .
She ’s also raised five children , and her desk drawers are crammed with letters of thanks from parents who say she did the right thing for their kids .
Advertisement
But all this energy comes with a price .
Sheindlin provokes scathing criticism from lawyers , defendants and child welfare advocates , who complain that she is needlessly cruel and sarcastic , a loose cannon in the halls of justice .
Someone who should be muzzled , if not retired from the bench .
Maybe it comes with the territory .
“ There ’s a sense of utter hopelessness here , and you ca n’t let it get to you , ” says Sheindlin , the court ’s supervising judge .
“ You get the distinct feeling of people disintegrating , or on the verge of it .
And there ’s only so much you can do to help . ”
Sometimes , you ca n’t do anything at all .
Seconds after learning of the crack mother , the judge signs an order stripping the woman of her parental rights .
Then it ’s on to the next case :
Another addicted baby , left for dead by a crack - head parent .
Another glimpse into the urban abyss .
Advertisement
The crisis of collapsing families is a national problem , hardly unique to Manhattan .
Yet Sheindlin ’s highly personal crusade to bring order out of chaos has assumed folkloric proportions in America ’s largest juvenile justice system .
To those who know her well , she ’s one of a kind .
“ In New York , the juvenile justice network is gone .
It ’s shot , ” says Peter Reinharz , who heads the prosecutor ’s office in family court .
“ But do n’t tell that to Judy .
It would probably only make her angrier . ”
*
Tart , tough - talking and hopelessly blunt , Sheindlin runs her court with an impatience that borders on rage .
And the ground rules are simple :
Advertisement
“ I ca n’t stand stupid , and I ca n’t stand slow , ” she snaps .
“ I want first - time offenders to think of their appearance in my courtroom as the second - worst experience of their lives . . . circumcision being the first . ”
She usually succeeds .
Yet her brash tactics have sparked opposition at City Hall , and Sheindlin - - a mayoral appointee -- might one day lose her job for purely political reasons , according to friends and enemies alike .
There are critics just waiting for her to tumble off her throne .
“ That lady , ” sighs one awed youngster , “ is a monster . ”
Standing 5 foot 2 and weighing 95 pounds , Sheindlin packs a verbal wallop that can stun the unwary .
Woe to the poorly prepared attorney who wanders into her court , or the punk in Reeboks who thinks he can pull a fast one on the woman in black .
She gives them all a thrashing to remember , sounding more like Shirley MacLaine with a gavel than some run -of - the - mill judge .
Advertisement
“ Do n’t pee on my leg and tell me it ’s raining ! ” she yells at a teen - ager who claims he began peddling drugs after a death in his family .
“ Nobody goes out and sells crack because Grandma died !
Get a better story ! ”
To a bewildered lawyer , who is slow to frame his case , she shouts : " Yutznik !
I ’m not stupid , and your questioning is foolish !
We ’re not poring over the Talmud here ! ”
Bullying and often rude , Sheindlin scorches people with insults , leaving them speechless .
On some occasions , she pushes lawyers aside and takes over the questioning of witnesses , to speed a lengthy hearing along .
It ’s all part of the game in family court , which plays by different rules than other branches of the judicial system .
Judges , who deal principally with children under 16 , have more leeway in trying cases .
Technically , it ’s a civil court , even though some young offenders are as vicious as any adult criminal .
Advertisement
In this world , plaintiffs are known as “ complainants ” and defendants are called “ respondents . ”
Sentences are known as “ dispositional orders . ”
The softer language reflects the philosophy behind the court , revised in 1962 to reflect a more compassionate approach to juvenile justice .
But New York -- and America - - have changed since then .
The hubcap - stealing kid of the ‘ 50s is today ’s gun-toting gang member .
Sex abuse and child battering , once hushed up and handled in chambers , have become routine items on the calendar .
The concerned parents who once accompanied their children to court are now too busy or have disappeared altogether .
Meanwhile , the support programs that are supposed to protect children -- and society -- are in disarray .
More than 50,000 children have overloaded New York ’s foster care network .
And the system is rife with stories of abuse .
Advertisement
*
In her pressure - ridden job , Sheindlin coordinates the actions of nine other jurists along with hundreds of attorneys , probation officers and a swarm of social workers .
It ’s a high - profile assignment that could lead to a step up the judicial ladder , and some family court judges approach their $ 90,000 - a- year jobs with caution , conciliation and tact .
They take great pains not to offend anyone .
Sheindlin tore up that script long ago .
“ Judy ’s a tough customer because she speaks her mind more than most people here , ” says Reinharz .
“ The fact is , nobody pushes her around . ”
Advertisement
An elegantly dressed woman of 50 , Sheindlin periodically holds up court proceedings to tell off - the - wall jokes .
At times , she sounds more like a stand - up comic than a judge , and the courtroom erupts with laughter .
Sometimes it ’s the only defense against a world that defies the imagination .
“ You practice triage in this court , ” Sheindlin says .
“ If out of 1,000 cases you can make a difference in 25 , then you extend yourself .
There ’s no way I could take all of it home with me each night .
I ’d go crazy if I did . ”
Numbers are part of the aggravation .
Since 1985 the Manhattan court has experienced a 110 % rise in its annual caseload , the largest jump in the city ’s five boroughs .
Included in the 1991 total of 31,182 cases was a 300 % rise in parental abuse and neglect filings ; a 300 % growth in custody disputes and a 100 % gain in robberies , assaults and group attacks by juveniles .
There was a 50 % growth in sex crime cases .
Yet human error -- a missed appointment by a lawyer , a lost memo by a caseworker -- also has fueled the overload .
Every day , hundreds of cases are continued , prolonging disputes that cry out for quick solutions .
Meanwhile , new filings flood into the system , causing judges like Sheindlin to handle from 40 to as many as 100 cases per day .
Advertisement
No one said it would be easy when Sheindlin took over the supervising job .
But after 10 years , her style has begun to grate : A 1992 citizens ’ report on the court noted that attorneys beg her to simply listen to them .
Although the comments were largely flattering , they also described Sheindlin as intimidating , terse and patronizing .
As in this exchange , during a recent child custody hearing :
“ I resent the court shouting at me ! ” yells an attorney when Sheindlin orders her to sit down and be quiet .
“ I resent it very much ! ”
The judge rises to her feet and fires back : " We do n’t argue with me !
So sit down !
Is that what I have to do to get you to shut up ? ”
Advertisement
More serious attacks have come from minority leaders and social service advocates .
In recent years , Sheindlin has tangled with them over kinship foster care payments and other family support services .
Under kinship foster care , grandmothers and other relatives who adopt children in their family get the same money from the state as do foster care providers .
The program has grown in response to New York ’s crack and AIDS epidemics , which have resulted in more than 21,000 children being abandoned by their parents .
It ’s also been a windfall : Instead of receiving $ 110 per month from welfare programs , guardians get $ 386 a month per child .
Mayor David Dinkins and others support the $ 180 - million program , but Sheindlin thinks it ’s often a scam .
“ I do n’t believe in this fiction that grandmothers should get paid to adopt a granddaughter , while the mother continues to live in the house , because that ’s not what families are all about , ” she says .
“ I still believe in the idea that families are supposed to take care of their own . ”
Advertisement
Those views drew fire last year when Sheindlin addressed a city forum and told the story of Grandmother X : A woman got foster care funds to take care of her daughter ’s kids , but spent the money on a house in Puerto Rico .
“ I was offended by what she said , ” says Megan McLaughlin , who heads the mayor ’s task force on foster care .
“ And I know other people felt the same way .
Is this the way a judge is supposed to talk about poor people ? ”
Soon afterward , McLaughlin sent a letter to the head of family court , calling for Sheindlin ’s dismissal .
The message carried an unspoken political warning : Assuming Dinkins is reelected this year , he will decide whether to reappoint Sheindlin to the bench when her term expires in 1994 .
“ They accuse me of being anti-black , and that ’s crazy , ” she says with irritation .
“ I just do n’t like dishonesty , waste and incompetency , OK ? ”
Advertisement
She also hates bureaucracy , even though Sheindlin is part of the system .
In a celebrated case , she took up the cause of a Russian emigre mother who lost custody of her child to an Orthodox Jewish family .
The woman had been placed against her will in a mental hospital , and the judge eventually reunited her with the boy .
In a radical departure for family court judges -- most of whom let attorneys present the facts -- Sheindlin investigated the case herself , digging through files and past testimony .
She had a hunch that the mother had been wrongly hospitalized and was a fit parent .
More important , she believed that child - welfare advocates were protecting their own interests , and not the boy’s .
“ The Jewish group was furious , and one woman said that appearing before me was worse than being at Dachau , ” recalls Sheindlin .
“ But she did n’t give me some records I wanted , and I threatened to put her in jail .
I said , ‘ Give me the records , or come to court with a toothbrush . ’
So she got the message . ”
Could the case have been handled more politely ?
Advertisement
” Mea culpa , " the judge says , hurrying to her court .
“ But I ca n’t spend my time just being nice .
I gotta run .
Right now . ”
*
From the moment she could crawl , Judy wanted to run .
And she usually got there faster than the other Brooklyn kids .
It was in the blood .
Born in 1942 , Sheindlin and her brother , David , grew up in a comfortable , middle - income home .
Her parents were fairly conservative , but they encouraged their daughter to pursue a career .
And she did n’t disappoint .
Advertisement
Judy was in a hurry , graduating from high school at 16 and getting a law degree from New York University at 21 .
She got married soon afterward and began raising two children .
But suburban life bored her to tears .
“ I told my family one night that I was either going to spend every other day with a psychiatrist , or I was going to work , ” she recalls .
“ They were stunned , but that was that . ”
Using contacts from law school , she landed a post as an assistant prosecutor in family court .
Ten years later , in 1982 , she was appointed to the bench by Mayor Ed Koch .
By then , she had divorced her first husband and married Gerald Sheindlin , a New York Supreme Court judge .
Along the way , she also raised three stepchildren .
Today , Sheindlin lives in a Park Avenue apartment , goes ice skating to cool off and works out frenetically whenever she gets the chance .
Advertisement
“ You ’ve heard of Type A , darling ?
I ’m Type A - plus , ” she tells a visitor .
“ I condensed my 60 - minute workout into 30 minutes .
No sweat . ”
Given the nature of her job , an obvious question arises :
How different is Sheindlin the judge from Sheindlin the mother ?
Does she run her family like her court ?
“ There are similarities , ” jokes Adam Levy , 24 , a lawyer and one of Sheindlin ’s children from her first marriage .
“ She was strict but caring .
She always knew when I tried to pull a fast one on her , and it rarely worked .
She always had a sense when people were n’t telling the truth . ”
His mother inflicted all punishment , adds Levy , “ but she was n’t always so much in control .
During her first marriage , I think she was more acquiescent , more subdued .
But then she decided that she did n’t want to be that way anymore .
She wanted to take control of her life .
And she did . ”
Advertisement
It led to a painful divorce , but Sheindlin ’s course was set .
She believes her personal experiences -- marriage , career and children -- have given her valuable insights on the bench : Like knowing when to crack down on kids and when to listen .
When to intervene in a crisis and when to stand back .
“ We ’ve got families in turmoil , ” she says , scanning the morning papers piled high on her desk .
“ We ’ve got a new generation of grandmothers who are 30 years old .
Children who are dying in foster care homes . ”
You could go crazy thinking about it .
Or you could go to work .
“ Gotta go , ” she announces .
“ I ’ve got a world falling apart here . ”
Advertisement
*
In Manhattan , the breakdown starts early .
Before she even reaches her courtroom by 9:30 a.m. , Sheindlin is grumbling about Baby Girl Doe , a 3 - year - old found abandoned in a housing - project basement .
Nobody came forward to claim the child , and the judge can’t persuade TV stations to carry the story .
“ This is a city of 7 million people , and nobody lifts a finger for this girl , ” she says .
“ Somebody out there knows her .
It ’s nuts . ”
Advertisement
Sheindlin dons a black robe , straightens her hair in the tiny cubicle that passes for her chambers and strides into court .
It ’s a small , dimly lit room with a horseshoe of orange swivel chairs bolted to the floor .
The baseboards are peeling , an occasional cockroach scurries down the wall , and car alarms shriek up from the streets below .
Within minutes , the room is bustling .
“ You , sir , take off those sunglasses ! ” Sheindlin orders a teen - age father , who has come to court in a child - custody dispute .
“ And take off that baseball hat while you ’re at it , too .
I mean it , mister .
No hats in court ! ”
Outside , bailiffs yell out cases on the docket like vendors selling hot dogs at Yankee Stadium : “ Ruiz , Jones , Perrera , Thompson , Washington ! ”
Inside , recording clerks type furiously as Sheindlin begins a long day of cases - - 53 to be exact -- that will last until 6 p.m .
The morning starts slowly but picks up when she approves the settlement of a sex case :
A teen - ager is accused of sodomizing a younger boy , but the victim ’s family does n’t want him to testify .
Under the deal , the first - time offender agrees to enter therapy .
Advertisement
“ Let ’s go ! ” says Sheindlin , clapping her hands .
“ Keep it moving ! ”
Lawyers rush in and out , hurriedly whispering to clients before the judge takes over .
Each case is a blur of motion and noise , an eruption of legalese that ’s quickly explained to families as they ’re hustled out of the room .
The parade halts when Mercedes Perrera steps forward .
Child welfare officials contend that the grandmother whipped three of her grandchildren with a belt , and they want to remove them from her care .
A police officer , an emergency - room nurse and a caseworker have all testified that they saw raised welts on the children ’s buttocks , backs and arms .
Advertisement
But none took photographs of the wounds , as required in a case of suspected child abuse .
Sheindlin is astonished .
“ How can you forget that ? ” she demands .
“ I . . .
I did n’t know , ” the nurse stammers .
When the grandmother testifies , she denies hitting anyone .
Sheindlin cuts her off and orders bailiffs to bring the children to court by 3 p.m .
Advertisement
Impossible , says a caseworker .
Ca n’t be done , protests a child welfare attorney .
Five hours later , at 3 o’clock sharp , the children file into the courtroom .
“ I want you to tell me the truth , ” Sheindlin says gently to one of the girls , a 12 - year - old with enormous brown eyes .
“ Who hit you ? ”
“ My grandmother , ” the girl answers quietly .
The other two children tell a similar tale , and the prosecutor beams .
Yet Sheindlin is n’t finished .
She takes over the questioning and learns that the children want to leave the foster care home where they ’ve been for three weeks .
Although their grandmother frightens them , they want to live with her and believe she ’ll calm down .
Advertisement
“ This woman is guilty of excessive corporal punishment , ” Sheindlin says .
“ But these children want to go home , and we ’re not in the business of breaking up families .
So I ’ll allow it if the grandmother will accept a caretaker in her home , to reduce the pressures on her .
OK ?
Let ’s go . ”
Toward the end of the day , the juvenile delinquency cases are heard .
First up is Mark H. , a 15 - year - old who viciously beat an elderly subway attendant .
He served 18 months in an Upstate detention facility for that crime but was arrested for armed robbery soon after returning to his old neighborhood .
He shows no emotion as he stands before the judge .
“ I ’m sending you Upstate again for 18 months , and the next time it might even be longer , ” she says angrily .
“ Understand , mister ?
You ’re not such a smart guy . ”
The cases pile up : 30 by noon , 40 by midafternoon .
By 5 p.m. , when other judges have begun wrapping up the day ’s work , Sheindlin is still plowing through the files , one by one .
Her voice becomes strained and tense .
Advertisement
“ Let ’s go ! ” she tells the bailiff .
“ Let ’s bring ‘ em in ! ”
*
Does any of it make a difference ?
Sheindlin and other judges like to think they ’re dispensing the wisdom of Solomon .
But they rely on gut instincts , often not knowing the full story of children in crisis .
They usually operate in the dark .
And that may be the worst tragedy of all in family court .
Late in the day , the final cases are heard , and one of them involves Jose Acosta , a dark - haired man in his 20s who recently did 31 months for grand theft auto .
As the building empties out , he ’s in the lobby holding his infant son , Jose Jr. , and yelling at him to stop crying .
Advertisement
“ Shut up ! ” he says angrily , smothering the child ’s face with his fist .
“ Shut up , I mean it !
Right now ! ”
Minutes later , he ’s standing before Sheindlin , trying to win sole custody of the boy from his maternal aunt .
The mother is in jail on a drug bust , he explains , and he has n’t seen her in months .
Acosta looks cocky and impatient , a bored young man in a black leather jacket , and the judge is not impressed .
“ I see frustration on your face , ” she says icily .
“ But there ’s only one innocent person here , and that ’s the little boy who ’s crying outside . ”
Acosta is stunned , yet holds his fire .
Sheindlin looks at him warily , then grants the man continuing custody , pending a city investigation .
Advertisement
He quickly walks out of the courtroom to pick up his son and go home .
To get this woman off his back .
But the judge stops him with a final warning .
“ Do the right thing , Mr. Acosta , ” she says with a hint of fury .
“ If you do n’t , I will . ”
A Seattle freelance videographer recently captured a local cop kicking a man in the head while prone on the ground and using ethnic slurs :
Interim Seattle Police Chief John Diaz said Friday he is going to have to " repair damage " in the community after the release of a videotape showing a gang detective and a patrol officer kicking a prone man and using ethnically inflammatory language .
The Police Department disclosed Friday that it has launched an internal investigation into the incident , in which the gang detective , Shandy Cobane , can be heard on video telling a man lying on a concrete sidewalk , " I 'm going to beat the [ expletive ] Mexican piss out of you , homey .
You feel me ? "
One of the most disturbing aspects of the incident , as you can see from the video , is that it turned out that the man being kicked and verbally assaulted had nothing to do with the crime being investigated .
Indeed , you can see police stand him up , dust him off , and send him on his way , with no medical care .
Here 's how the Seattle Times described it :
According to KIRO - TV , which said it got the video from a freelance videographer , Seattle police officers responded to the area near China Harbor restaurant after several nightclub patrons called 911 to report an armed robbery in the parking lot .
The patrons apparently described the robbery suspects as Hispanic .
Around 1:15 a.m. April 17 , a patron of China Harbor , located at 2040 Westlake Ave. N. , went to the parking lot to say goodbye to his girlfriend , who had gotten into her car , according to a police report on the robbery .
Four Hispanic men walked up to him , and one of them demanded money and pulled out a 3 - foot - long machete , according to the report .
The man told his girlfriend to leave and began walking to his car , but was followed by the four men , the report says .
According to the report , a second suspect told the victim , " We can kill you right now .
We can do whatever we want with you . "
The victim gave the men $ 20 , but they demanded more money so he gave them another $ 20 before getting into his vehicle and calling 911 , the report says .
He told officers the man with the machete appeared to be drunk or on drugs .
The victim was able to positively identify at least one of the suspects at the scene , the police report says .
Police later arrested two of the four men — one told officers he was from Mexico while the other said he was from El Salvador , according to the police report .
A third man was interviewed and released at the scene , and the fourth man was not found .
It 's unknown if the man released from the scene is the same man seen in the video .
The Times piece features Cobane 's tearful apologies as well :
" I know my words cut deep and were very hurtful , " he said . " ... I am truly , truly sorry . "
A 15 - year veteran of the department , Cobane , 44 , said he never dreamed he'd " bring such notoriety to my department .
Sadly , I did . "
Apologizing to colleagues , the Latino community and Seattle , he said his " offensive and unprofessional " words did not reflect who he is .
Kinda like closing the barn door after the horse has been let out , is n't it ?
Well , now the FBI is opening up an inquiry :
The FBI will conduct a preliminary inquiry into the incident last month in which a Seattle police gang detective and a patrol officer kicked a prone Latino man and used ethnically inflammatory language .
...
The inquiry was requested by the U.S. Department of Justice , according to Special Agent Fred Gutt of the FBI 's Seattle office .
Gutt said such an inquiry is routine in cases where there may be a possible civil - rights violation and could be followed by a full - blown investigation .
As Maegan at VivrLatino observes :
The fact that the man beat up in the video had nothing to do with the crime reported ( a robbery with Latinos involved ) is besides the point .
If the police had beat up and used anti-Mexican slurs against the “ criminals ” would we , those who consume media feel a little better about it , think somewhere in the back of our minds “ well , they had it coming ” ?
The point is that laws like SB1070 and the current Comprehensive Immigration Reform framework put out there by Senator biometric Chuck Schumer works from the default position that immigrants , painted broadly as Latinos , painted broadly as Mexicans are criminals .
It works from the framework that we need to prove ourselves worthy of humane treatment via speaking proper English , paying fines disguised as taxes , getting to the back of the line .
Resistance to this , asking for legalization and / or basic human rights is seen as ungrateful and as an unwillingness to play the political game we asked to swallow in the name of political efficiency .
There 's also an interesting back story involving the video itself :
It seems the freelancer originally offered it to the local Fox News affiliate , KCPQ , with whom he had been working earlier in the day , and they iced it .
So he offered it to KIRO , which promptly ran with it , realizing the import of what they had .
Now KCPQ is threatening to sue , saying they were just figuring out how to release it .
Right .
Gun game has always been a Newgrounds classic for me .
Great sound design , simple and fun .
I do want to point out that when you load certain stages in NG player in fullscreen , the bottom bar of warm up and certain challenge stages does not load in .
Quick fix is to minimize and reload the challenge .
Jon-Erik Hexum ( ; November 5 , 1957 – October 18 , 1984 ) was an American actor , known for his lead roles in the TV series Voyagers ! and Cover Up , and his supporting role as Pat Trammell in the biopic The Bear .
He died by an accidental self - inflicted blank cartridge gunshot to the head on the set of Cover Up .
Life and career [ edit ]
Hexum was born in Englewood , New Jersey in 1957 to Gretha and Thorleif Hexum , who were of Norwegian descent .
He and his elder brother , Gunnar , were raised in Tenafly , New Jersey , by their mother after their parents divorced when Hexum was four . [ 2 ]
After graduating from Tenafly High School , Hexum went on to Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland to study biomedical engineering .
[ 3 ]
He soon left that university , however , and transferred to Michigan State University in East Lansing , Michigan .
During that time , he worked as a radio disc jockey , played on the 1978 Michigan State Spartans football team , and acted in minor stage roles . [ 4 ]
A few days after graduation , he moved to New York in 1980 to pursue his acting career .
While working as an apartment cleaner , he met Bob LeMond of LeMond / Zetter Management , the manager of John Travolta .
LeMond saw great potential in Hexum . [ 5 ]
At LeMond 's urging , Hexum relocated to Los Angeles in September 1981 to audition for a movie called Summer Lovers , which was to be directed by Randal Kleiser .
Though he lost the part to Peter Gallagher , Hexum attracted the notice of Hollywood powerbrokers , and in short time was cast in the lead role of Phineas Bogg in the NBC series Voyagers !.[ 6 ]
Voyagers !
aired during the 1982 –83 television season , with Hexum 's role earning him $ 10,000 a week .
When NBC wanted to replace the show with its own news magazine show Monitor to compete against 60 Minutes on CBS however , Voyagers ! was canceled after one season .
Hexum 's good looks and charm kept him marketable , however , and he was cast opposite Joan Collins in the made - for - television movie Making of a Male Model , also starring Jeff Conaway and Roxie Roker . [ 5 ]
In 1984 , Hexum guest - starred in an episode of ABC 's prime time drama Hotel .
He played Prince Erik , a Prince Charming - type character who sweeps his Cinderella off her feet .
That same year , Hexum took the part of terminally ill quarterback Pat Trammell , a small but well - received role in the feature film The Bear , a tribute to University of Alabama football coach Paul " Bear " Bryant , played by veteran actor Gary Busey .
The Bear represents Hexum ’s sole performance in a feature film , released just three weeks before his death .
After pondering several development deals , Hexum came upon a project he felt had possibilities : Cover Up .
When the series began production in 1984 , Hexum played Mac Harper , an undercover CIA operative posing as a male model , opposite co-star Jennifer O'Neill .
Hexum described the role as part " Indiana Jones , James Bond , Mr. Magoo , and Superman . "
According to then - girlfriend , actress and singer Elizabeth " E.G. " Daily , " he loved living this rich fantasy life .
He was a big strong man , looked kind of like a Viking bodybuilder , and he loved to show his strength .
He also liked the whole idea of guns and soldiers . "
Death [ edit ]
On October 12 , 1984 , the cast and crew of Cover Up were filming the seventh episode of the series , " Golden Opportunity , " on Stage 17 of the 20th Century Fox lot .
One of the scenes filmed that day called for Hexum 's character to load bullets into a .44 Magnum handgun , so he was provided with a functional gun and blanks .
When the scene did not play as the director wanted it to in the master shot , there was a delay in filming .
Hexum became restless and impatient during the delay and began playing around to lighten the mood .
He had unloaded all but one ( blank ) round , spun it , and — simulating Russian roulette — he put the revolver to his right temple and pulled the trigger , [ 7 ] apparently unaware of the danger .
Blanks use paper or plastic wadding to seal gunpowder into the cartridge , and this wadding is propelled from the barrel of the gun with enough force to cause injury if the weapon is fired within a few feet of the body , particularly a vulnerable spot , such as the temple or the eye .
At a close enough range , the effect of the powder gasses is a small explosion , so although the paper wadding in the blank that Hexum discharged did not penetrate his skull , there was enough blunt force trauma to shatter a quarter - sized piece of his skull and propel the pieces into his brain , causing massive hemorrhaging . [ 2] [ 8 ]
Hexum was rushed to Beverly Hills Medical Center , where he underwent five hours of surgery to repair his wounds .
[ 8 ]
On October 18 , aged 26 , six days after the accident , Hexum was declared brain dead .
With his mother 's permission , his body was flown to San Francisco on life support , where his heart was transplanted into a 36 - year - old Las Vegas man at California Pacific Medical Center . [ 9 ]
Hexum 's kidneys and corneas were also donated :
One cornea went to a 66 - year - old man , the other to a young girl .
One of the kidney recipients was a critically ill five - year - old boy , and the other was a 43 - year - old grandmother of three who had waited eight years for a kidney .
Skin that was donated was used to treat a 3 ½ - year - old boy with third degree burns . [ 10 ]
Hexum 's body was then flown back to Los Angeles .
He was cremated at Grandview Crematory in Glendale , California , and a private funeral was held .
His ashes were scattered in the Pacific Ocean , near Malibu , California , by his mother .
He left an estate estimated to be worth $ 255,000 . [ 11 ]
The death was ruled accidental . [ 12 ]
His mother later received an out - of - court settlement from 20th Century Fox Television and Glen A. Larson Productions , the production team behind Cover Up . [ 2 ]
The episode on which Hexum had been working was broadcast on November 3 , 1984 , two days before his 27th birthday , and two weeks after his death .
Cover Up continued production without Hexum 's character .
Three weeks later , on November 24 , Antony Hamilton was introduced as agent Jack Striker , posing as a new member of the modeling team . [ 13 ]
Hexum 's character Mac is noticeably absent , said to be on another mission .
At the end of the episode , Henry Towler ( Richard Anderson ) breaks the news that Mac has been killed on the other assignment and would not be coming back . [ 14 ]
As the tears flowed , the camera panned back , and a memoriam written by Glen Larson appeared onscreen :
When a star dies , its light continues to shine
across the universe for millenniums ( sic ) .
John ( sic ) Eric Hexum died in October of this year ... but the lives he touched will continue to be brightened by his light
... forever ... and ever .
Filmography [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 1982 –1983 Voyagers !
Phineas Bogg 20 episodes 1983 Voyager from the Unknown Phineas Bogg Edit of episodes 1 and 15 of the TV Series Voyagers !
1983 Making of a Male Model Tyler Burnett Television movie 1984 Hotel Prince Erik Episode : " Tomorrows " 1984 The Bear Pat Trammell 1984 Cover Up Mac Harper 8 episodes
See also [ edit ]
A phytochemical in mint leaves has been found to demonstrate powerful antiangiogenesis effects , meaning that it cuts off the blood supply to cancer tumors .
It 's yet another example of the healing power of nature and the medical efficacy of phytochemicals found in your own garden .
Nature is the only pharmaceutical lab you really need , and plants are simply astonishing producers of powerful healing nutrients .
The mint leaf is just one of many anti-cancer herbs , weeds , vegetables and fruits that are readily available to practically everyone .
Consuming these on a daily basis wards off cancer for life .
Some of the most powerful anti-cancer plants and foods include broccoli , onions , ginger , licorice root , graviola ( an Amazon herb ) , chlorella and spirulina .
Eat these on a daily basis , and avoid all processed foods , and your chances of ever experiencing cancer are practically zero .
Get breaking news alerts on GMOs , fluoride , superfoods , natural cures and more ...
Join over four million monthly readers .
Email privacy 100 % protected .
Unsubscribe at any time .
About the author : Mike Adams is a natural health author and award - winning journalist with a passion for sharing empowering information to help improve personal and planetary health
He is a prolific writer and has published thousands of articles , interviews , reports and consumer guides , and he has authored and published several downloadable personal preparedness courses including a downloadable course focused on safety and self defense .
Adams is an honest , independent journalist and accepts no money or commissions on the third - party products he writes about or the companies he promotes .
In 2010 , Adams created TV.NaturalNews.com , a natural living video sharing site featuring thousands of user videos on foods , fitness , green living and more .
He 's also a veteran of the software technology industry , having founded a personalized mass email software product used to deliver email newsletters to subscribers .
Adams also serves as the executive director of the Consumer Wellness Center , a non-profit consumer protection group , and enjoys outdoor activities , nature photography , Pilates and martial arts training .
Known by his callsign , the ' Health Ranger , ' Adams posts his missions statements , health statistics and health photos at www.HealthRanger.org
Have comments on this article ?
Post them here :
people have commented on this article .
Digidesign 's Pro Tools is a powerful and popular digital audio workstation - a family of products ranging from software that suits the home hobbyist right up to full - scale commercial studios .
In last week 's article we explored Pro Tools and its features .
This week , we will learn how to use it .
This article was previously published on the AudioJungle blog , which has moved on to a new format in 2010 .
We 'll be bringing you an article from the AudioJungle archives each week .
Because of Pro Tool 's popularity , there are plenty of tutorials around the Internet .
Two key places to find tutorials are Youtube and Audiotuts +.
Here are 11 tutorials that introduce how Pro Tools 7 and 8 work , and take us further into the deeper parts of the program .
The tutorials are by people who know the program well : producers , well - known musicians , and a Digidesign product specialist .
1. AES'08 : Digidesign Pro Tools 8
Phil Jackson is a musician , producer , and vereran clinician .
He is also Digidesign 's Technical Marketing Manager and product specialist .
He showed Sound on Sound magazine around the new look and new features Pro Tools 8 at AES 08 in San Fransisco .
He gives an excellent overview of the program .
2. Introduction to Digidesign Pro Tools - Part 1
Aaron Sternke is a Nashville producer , engineer , songwriter and frontliner who has worked closely in the studio with MercyMe ( digital editing , engineering , background vocals ) , Third Day ( engineering ) , Amy Grant ( digital editing ) and many others .
He has received a Recording Arts degree from Full Sail in Orlando , FL .
Though this half - hour video is a couple of years old , it is still a very helpful basic introduction to Pro Tools .
The video is also available from the Artistshouse Music website , but I had trouble streaming the video .
Part 1
Aaron explains the difference between Pro Tools HD and LE .
Part 2
Aaron looks at the available interfaces .
When you buy the interface , you get the Pro Tools software , ensuring that hardware and software talk to each other flawlessly .
Part 3A
Aaron takes us through how to create a new session and new track in Pro Tools , and how to view inserts .
Part 3B
Aaron creates a click track , sets the session tempo , and creates a new track ready to record acoustic guitar .
Part 4
Aaron shows us how to record an acoustic guitar track .
If you found his introductory tutorial helpful , you may also like to watch Aaron 's intermediate and advanced tutorials .
3. Digidesign Pro Tools - Music Creation Template
This fast - moving tutorial from Digidesign 's product specialist , Phil Jackson , is more suited to those already familiar with audio recording .
Part 1
How to build a basic template , hide and show tracks , configure the click , and record drums using Expand .
Part 2
Creating more tracks with the Expand , Hybrid and Stylus plug-ins , using memory locators , and configuring reverb and delay .
Part 3
Changing grid and nudge values , options for viewing the track list and mixer , applying a template .
4. Pro Tools 8 : Mike In The Studio
Mike Shinoda from Linkin Park gives us a brief look at what he likes about Pro Tools 8 , and we see him using it in the studio .
5. Pro Tools 8 - MIDI Editor Window
Phil Jackson from Digidesign shows us around Pro Tools 7's MIDI editor .
Part 1
The available tools , recording tracks , quantizing , copy and paste , deleting unwanted notes .
Part 2
Viewing , hiding and unhiding tracks in the MIDI editor to see only the tracks you are working on , soloing tracks , inserting notes , split panes , making the MIDI editor follow the edit window .
6. Steve Vai interview with Pro Tools Lessons
Listen to Steve Vai explain how he uses Pro Tools .
Topics covered include snapping two tracks to the same timeframe using Beat Detector , crossfading , creating one region out of several by consolidating , using the Battery plug - in to create a MIDI track , and using hidden tracks so you do n't lose a take .
7. Top 20 New Features in Pro Tools 8 & How to Use Them
Mar 27th in Pro Tools , Recording by Bryan McAnulty
The upgrade to Pro Tools 8 includes many exciting enhancements , new features and plug-ins that add up to make music production easier than ever .
Let ’s take a look at the power behind some of the best new features .
Continue Reading
8. 8 Easy Steps To Better EQ
Dec 3rd in Mixing & Mastering , Pro Tools by Mark Garrison
Knowing how to use an equalizer is a fundamental skill for anyone working with audio , yet it is one of the most abused .
Here are some tips and tricks for using your EQ more effectively .
You ’ll notice there are more don’ts than dos on this list ; that ’s because EQ is best when used in moderation .
Continue Reading
9 . The Beginner ’s Guide to Compression
Dec 8th in Mixing & Mastering , Pro Tools by Sean Vincent
Compression is one of those studio processes that is all too often taken for granted and not used to its full potential .
Today ’s producers think nothing of inserting compressors on every single channel of their DAW when mixing , but old school engineers had to learn to make the most of only a few units of compression — and this made us learn them inside out .
Continue Reading
10 . How to Quantize Audio in Pro Tools Using Beat Detective and Elastic Audio
Oct 7th in Mixing & Mastering , Pro Tools by Bryan McAnulty
Have you ever wondered how modern rock bands get that really tight sound ?
The rhythms sometimes sound too perfect for even the best musicians to pull off .
With today ’s technology it is possible to easily quantize your audio tracks .
This tutorial will teach you how to start correcting your timing by using beat detective and elastic audio in Digidesign ’s Pro Tools software .
Continue Reading
11 . Using Rewire to Expand Your Audio Toolset
Jun 8th in Ableton Live , Cubase , FL Studio , Logic Pro , Mixing & Mastering , Pro Tools by Mo Volans
As producing completely ‘ in the box ’ fast becomes the norm , it ’s essential we maximize the potential of our computer set up .
Of course , improving our computer hardware and investing in new sample libraries is one way to do this — but another is to seamlessly wire together our applications using Rewire .
Rewire is often underestimated and in many cases goes unused .
Using Rewire correctly can actually expand your sound palette , avoid unnecessary rendering and even add extra processing tools to your DAW .
Let ’s take a look at how Rewire works , some of its history and a few situations we can use it in .
Continue Reading
[ [ nid:11157 ] ]
This afternoon , before beginning a meeting with the President Economic Recovery Advisory Board , President Obama described the coming debate over Wall Street Reform in stark terms .
The President said , " I hope that we can pass a bipartisan bill .
Bipartisanship cannot mean simply allowing lobbyist - driven loopholes that put American taxpayers at risk . "
Leaving no doubt that he was serious , when asked whether he would veto legislation that did not reign in derivatives and other risky ventures that massive banks gamble with , he answered , " I will veto legislation that does not bring the derivatives market under control and some sort of regulatory framework that assures that we do n’t have the same kind of crises that we ’ve seen in the past . "
He explained that the time is over when big banks can bend government to their will :
We ca n’t allow history to repeat itself .
Never again should American taxpayers be forced to step in and pay the price for the responsibility of speculators on Wall Street who made risky bets with the expectation that taxpayers would be there to break their fall .
And we ca n’t leave in place a tattered set of rules that will allow another crisis to develop without the tools to deal with it .
And that ’s why I expect that we are going to have a strong reform proposal that demands new accountability from Wall Street and provides new protections for consumers .
This is reform that will force banks and financial institutions to pay for bad decisions that they make , and not have taxpayers pay for those bad decisions .
And that means no more bailouts .
This reform would also bring new transparency and accountability to the derivatives market , and this is something that Paul Volcker spoke publicly about just the other week .
The derivatives market is where a lot of the big , risky financial bets by companies like AIG took place .
There are literally trillions of dollars sloshing around this market that basically changes hands under the cover of darkness .
When things go wrong , as they did in AIG , they can bring down the entire economy , and that ’s why we ’ve got to bring more transparency and oversight when it comes to derivatives and bring them into a framework in which everybody knows exactly what ’s going on , because we ca n’t afford another AIG .
Now , let ’s be honest .
Some in the industry are not happy with the prospect of these reforms .
We ’ve seen the usual army of lobbyists dispatched up on Capitol Hill .
They have found some willing allies on the other side of the aisle in Congress who have been trying to carve out a lot of exceptions and special loopholes so that folks on Wall Street can keep making these risky bets without any oversight .
I hope that we can pass a bipartisan bill .
Bipartisanship cannot mean simply allowing lobbyist - driven loopholes that put American taxpayers at risk .
That would not be real reform .
So in the coming weeks , every member of Congress is going to have to make a decision :
Are they going to side with the special interests and the status quo , or are they going to side with the American people ?
And anyone who opposes this reform is going to be leaving taxpayers on the hook if a crisis like the one that we ’ve just seen ever happens again .
And I consider that unacceptable .
BISHKEK , Kyrgyzstan — Valery
Hon owns what in local business jargon is described as a “ tasty morsel . ”
Hon is founder and chairman of the board of the VOSST company , located just outside of Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan ’s capital .
Among his holdings is one of the most sought - after pieces of real estate in Kyrgyzstan : a fuel storage facility located about half a mile from the country ’s main international airport , Manas .
Given the facility ’s size and proximity to Manas , it is in a perfect position to supply fuel for civilian flights at the airport and for the major United States military base located on Manas ’ territory .
Early last year , Hon says that he received a phone call from one Sergei Kim .
Local businessmen and Kyrgyz officials say that Kim is the right - hand man of Maksim Bakiyev , the much feared entrepreneur son of recently deposed President Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
Kim got straight to the point , says Hon : Maksim wanted Hon to sell his fuel storage facility to another company .
“ He said that he was calling from Maksim — that was the first thing that he said , ” said Hon .
This was in fact not the first time that the facility was a takeover target .
In late 2003 , Hon said , a collection of people linked to the Kyrgyz government , using the country ’s tax police , attempted to seize his business .
He was saved by the fact that Kyrgyzstan underwent a sudden change in government — the so - called “ Tulip Revolution ” — and most of those he accuses had to flee the country .
Then in 2008 , the same thing happened : High Kyrgyz officials tried to commandeer the same storage facility .
This second takeover attempt in 2008 and 2009 was more successful , however : Hon avoided selling his property outright , but companies closely linked to Omurbek Babanov , a former deputy prime minister , forced him to lease them the facility for five years while they paid a fraction of the cost for the fuel stored there .
“ This was n’t a hostile takeover , as it ’s called , ” Hon said recently in the VOSST offices overlooking the facility .
“ This was open theft — they grabbed my business and that was that . ”
Hon ’s story is a window into the hard - knuckled business methods and possible corruption that thrived during the President Bakiyev ’s administration .
Last month , Bakiyev was forced to flee the capital , and then ultimately the country , after throngs of protesters — outraged at the millions of dollars that Bakiyev and his family were said to have extracted from the Kyrgyz economy — overpowered riot police and stormed his presidential administration .
But the case of the VOSST fuel depot has much wider ramifications , potentially stretching all the way to the highest echelons of power in Washington , D.C. Hon believes that Maksim Bakiyev , 32 , President Bakiyev ’s younger son , was the driving force behind the facility ’s seizure in an attempt to corner the highly lucrative sale of aviation fuel to the U.S. air base .
Were that story to prove true , it would be more than just an embarrassment for U.S. officials .
America ’s standing in this small but strategically located ex-Soviet nation could be deeply damaged , given that Washington would be viewed as helping enrich a widely detested regime , all for the sake of holding onto a key U.S. military installation .
American citizens and possibly officials would also be open to prosecution under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ) , 1977 legislation that forbids U.S. businessmen from bribing foreign officials .
“ The political accusations in Kyrgyzstan boil down to a claim that American officials made corrupt payments to Kyrgyz government officials in order to secure the Manas base arrangements , ” said Scott Horton , an adjunct professor at Columbia Law School and an expert on international law , who testified recently before a House of Representatives sub - committee looking into the matter .
“ American criminal law contains a number of anti-bribery rules , including provisions that prohibit a U.S. person from providing consideration , directly or indirectly , to a foreign government official to secure or retain business , ” he added .
Horton also noted that all the evidence presented so far consists of only “ red flags ” and no actual proof of any wrong - doing .
Nevertheless it does raise troubling questions that show the case merits a full investigation , he said .
“ All the evidence I see concerning these dealings suggests to me that if a conscious decision was taken to make these payments , that decision was reached at a very high policy - making level in the government , not by low - level contract administrators , ” Horton testified .
Kyrgyz authorities have launched a number of their own investigations into the matter and have asked their Latvian counterparts to arrest Maksim Bakiyev .
The ex-president ’s son was last seen in the Baltic nation , where he shares business interests with a local millionaire .
Interpol has also issued an arrest warrant for Bakiyev , for fraud .
According to Kyrgyz officials , Maksim Bakiyev allegedly built a business empire using his connections and strong - arm tactics .
Ultimately , they claim , he snatched up all of the major money - making enterprises in the country , including the main gold mine , electricity producer and mobile phone operator .
The younger Bakiyev was also appointed to head the official body overseeing the government ’s holdings and business economic strategy .
The Kyrgyz further claim that Aviation Fuel Service , one of the companies that took over Valery Hon ’s fuel storage facility , was controlled by the younger Bakiyev .
This Kyrgyz firm , they say , indirectly did business with the U.S. air base by working with Mina Corp , a company that won an exclusive contract from the U.S. Defense Department to sell fuel to the base .
Mina is registered in London and Gibraltar ; its director of operations is Chuck Squires , a former military attache at the U.S. embassy in Bishkek , and it is staffed by other Americans .
The labyrinth of companies involved in the VOSST case however also give an indication of the difficulties Kyrgyz and U.S. investigators face in their attempt to get to the bottom of the Manas air base fuel sales .
The Kyrgyz , for example , have not produced any documents backing up their assertions ; they say that the information is confidential while the investigation is ongoing .
Nevertheless , Valery
Hon says that , for him , the connection with Maksim Bakiyev was clear from the start .
Hon says that he met with Sergei Kim , Bakiyev ’s reported representative on “ numerous occasions , ” after Kim ’s initial phone call .
Hon ended up renting his facility to a company called Munai Myrza Bazis , which later changed its name to Atek Oil .
Atek Oil in turn signed a contract with two companies to run the fuel installation : Neftesintez and Aviation Fuel Service .
But Hon has supplied registration documents indicating strongly that all companies are linked to Babanov , the deputy prime minister under Bakiyev .
Babanov ’s mother , for example , originally owned Munai Myrza Bazis .
After her death , the documents show , ownership passed to her son .
Zhanybek Sagadylda uulu , Babanov ’s nephew , also plays a prominent role in the management of two of the companies .
Babanov , speaking by telephone from Bishkek , confirmed that Sagadylda uulu was his relative , but denied that he owned any of the companies , now or at any point in the past .
“ These documents were forged , ” he said .
Kim was not able to be reached at any of the phone numbers he had previously provided to Hon.
Sagadylda uulu , writing by email , refused to answer specific questions , but said the matter was a “ typical business dispute . ”
An FCPA brochure states that , “ to avoid being held liable for corrupt third party payments , ” U.S. companies should carry out full due diligence to make sure that , among other things , entities that they are dealing with do not have ties to the government .
A Mina Corp spokesperson said that the company does not disclose the names of the firms it does business with , “ for security and commercial reasons . ”
Also , he said that “ Mina Corp has no access to the ownership structure of its counterparts . ”
The spokesperson added , however , that to the best of Mina ’s knowledge when they entered the contracts , Maksim Bakiyev was not a part of the companies they did business with .
The FCPA does not apply to Mina ’s dealings , he continued , because the contracts were not created “ to ingratiate us with the government . ”
“ The FCPA does not bar doing business with foreign governments , foreign officials , or family members or agents of officials , ” the spokesperson said .
“ It bars doing business with them corruptly . ”
“ We have no concerns over the FCPA , ” he added .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A 28 - year - old East Cleveland firefighter who was shot over the weekend remained in critical condition Monday in Huron Hospital .
John Alexander was shot in the back about 10 a.m.
Saturday outside his home on Catalpa Road in Cleveland after he confronted three men leaving his house with stolen items .
Three suspects -- Antonio Garner , Raymond Moss and Derrick Johnson Jr. , all 21 - year - old Cleveland residents -- were charged Monday with aggravated burglary and felonious assault .
Alexander 's brother , who also lives in the house , told officers he heard noises downstairs and went to investigate , a police spokesman said .
The brother said he saw a man with a gun standing in the house , then the armed man and two others left carrying things from the home .
Alexander was just getting home from work and saw the suspects leave his yard and get into a red Pontiac Grand Prix .
He reached into the car and tried to pull the keys out of the ignition , police said .
The suspect in the back seat shot Alexander and the trio drove away .
Patrol officers searched the area and spotted a red car matching the description at St. Clair Avenue and Nottingham Road .
The three men were arrested .
Officers said they found a semi-automatic pistol in the car .
East Cleveland fire officials declined to comment .
Alexander 's family could not be reached at the hospital .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : djmiller@plaind.com , 216-999-4852
Research and insights on policy , technology , modeling , economics , and other things .
Opinions are my own .
email : rblakemesser at gmail dot com
WASHINGTON — President Obama weighed whether to fire the general charged with turning around the Afghanistan war Tuesday , after the most extraordinary airing of military - civilian tensions since Harry Truman stripped Gen.
Douglas MacArthur of his command a half century ago .
The White House summoned Gen. Stanley McChrystal to Washington to explain disparaging comments about his commander in chief and Obama ’s top aides .
The meeting set for Wednesday was a last - ditch moment for the general once considered the war ’s brightest hope .
If not insubordination , the remarks in a forthcoming Rolling Stone magazine article were at least an indirect challenge to civilian management of the war in Washington by its top military commander .
Obama this afternoon said McChrystal showed “ poor judgment ” and he wanted to talk to him face to face before making any decision about the general ’s job .
A senior U.S. military official in Afghanistan told The Associated Press the general has been given no indication that he ’ll be fired — but no assurance he wo n’t be .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions between Washington and the general ’s office in Kabul .
CNN reported that McChrystal offered to resign .
The eruption comes as the war and public support for it are at a tipping point , a perilous time to change military leadership .
A majority of Americans now say the war is probably not worth fighting , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said that public dissatisfaction means the U.S. - led international coalition must show progress this year .
A crucial military push to pacify the Taliban heartland in southern Afghanistan is going more slowly that McChrystal had planned , and showing fewer solid results .
Marines in Helmand Province are in near - daily firefights , months after a push there was supposed to clear out the bulk of Taliban fighters .
McChrystal has spent the past several weeks arguing that the U.S. - led military effort is gaining momentum against the Taliban , while Gates argued for time to show that McChrystal ’s many changes in strategy and tactics can succeed .
As support for the general drained in Washington , the showdown was set to take place in two parts — as part of Obama ’s regular monthly war meeting , in which McChrystal usually participates by videoconference , and a separate discussion with Obama in the Oval Office .
Several names circulated among Pentagon and Capitol Hill aides as potential successors .
Military officials , speaking on condition of anonymity ahead of the White House meeting , said the administration has not reached out to possible successors , but might do so on Wednesday .
“ We all serve at the pleasure of the president , ” said Gen. James Mattis , one of those mentioned .
“ I have a pretty full plate here , ” in his current job as Joint Forces Command chief , Mattis told AP .
Other names include Lt. Gen. John Allen , the No. 2 at U.S. Central Command ; Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez , McChrystal ’s No. 2 in Afghanistan ; Gen. Martin Dempsey , commander of the Army Training and Doctrine Command ; and Adm. James Stavridis , the top NATO commander in Europe .
Wisconsin Democrat Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , called for McChrystal to resign .
Sen .
John McCain , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee that approved McChrystal for the job , was among three prominent Republican senators to criticize the general and say a decision about his future should rest with Obama .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said : “ I could n’t believe Gen. McChrystal , being the good soldier I think he is , at least in this article not being a very good soldier . ”
McChrystal publicly apologized Tuesday for using “ poor judgment ” in the magazine interviews .
He then left Afghanistan for the meeting in Washington .
There has been no similar public contretemps between a president and a top wartime commander since Truman relieved MacArthur of his Far East command in 1951 .
MacArthur bid farewell in an address to Congress in which he quoted a line from a ballad : “ Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away . ”
McChrystal will also meet separately with Gates , who issued a stern scolding to McChrystal on Tuesday that contains no endorsement for him to remain in his job .
Gates hand - picked McChrystal to take over the war last year , calling him a driven visionary with the guts and smarts to turn the war around .
Obama fired the previous commander at Gates ’ recommendation .
Military leaders rarely challenge their commander in chief publicly and when they do , consequences tend to go beyond a scolding .
In the article , McChrystal did not criticize Obama directly but called the period last fall when Obama was deciding whether to approve more troops “ painful ” and said the president was handing him an “ unsellable ” position .
McChrystal also said he was “ betrayed ” by Ambassador Karl Eikenberry , the man the White House chose to be his diplomatic partner in Afghanistan .
He accused Eikenberry of raising doubts about the reliability of Afghan President Hamid Karzai only to give himself cover in case the U.S. effort failed .
And he was quoted joking that he does n’t recognize Vice President Joe Biden ’s name .
McChrystal has a history of drawing criticism , despite his military achievements .
Obama called him on the carpet last fall for speaking too bluntly about his desire for more troops .
http://cloudfront.mediamatters.org/static/flash/player.swf
Dumpster dive ?
Really ?
Apparently that ’s what the leader of the Republican party thinks is an option for hungry kids in the US .
It ’s hard to believe compassionate conservatism never really caught on .
If you would like to know information about your system then where you will go and look into … proc filesystem and dmesg .
Yes , you will get some information out of it , but that is not the full information .
Then you go and search for the spec sheet given my manufacturer to find what you are looking for .
But what if you are handling remote system ??
For all these purposes the two utilities which could provide you the complete information are dmidecode & boisdecode .
The location of the scripts are /usr / sbin .
As these resides in /usr / sbin , so you will be needing root privileges to run these scripts .
( root privileges can be gained by using sudo or changing the user to root by “ su – “ )
BIOSDECODE
The biosdecode command parses the BIOS memory and prints information about all structures or entry points known to it .
Following are the current entry point types :
SMBIOS – System Management BIOS
DMI – Desktop Management Interface , a legacy version of SMBIOS
SYSID
PNP – Plug and Play
ACPI – Advanced Configuration and Power Interface
BIOS32 – BIOS32 Service Directory
PIR – PCI IRQ Routing
32OS – BIOS32 Extension , Compaq - specific
SNY – Sony - specific , not decoded
VPD – Vital Product Data , IBM - specific
FJKEYINF – Application Panel , Fujitsu- specific
Following will be the output of the command when you run it with root privileges .
$ sudo biosdecode # biosdecode 2.9 ACPI 1.0 present .
OEM Identifier : COMPAQ RSD Table 32 - bit Address : 0x7E5C2040 PCI
Interrupt Routing 1.0 present .
Router ID : 00:1f.0 Exclusive IRQs : None Slot Entry 1 : ID 07:04 , slot number 1 SYSID present .
Revision : 0 Structure Table Address : 0x000F1940 Number Of Structures : 1 PNP BIOS 1.0 present .
Event Notification : Not Supported Real Mode 16 - bit Code Address : F000:7AE2
This command shows a compact version of the information , not the full .
Well , this information does n’t really make much sense to a normal person .
For that we will be using dmidecode , which will give us much sensible information about my system .
DMIDECODE
DMIDECODE stands for “ DMI table decoder “ .
As i had already told you , this will give you much better and verbose information about your system .
This commands dumps a computer ’s DMI / SMBIOS table contents in a human - readable format .
This table contains a description of the system ’s hardware components , as well as other useful pieces of information such as serial numbers and BIOS revision .
While speed and volume of information is something for which this tool stands for but at the same time the presented information possibly could be unreliable .
DMI table does n’t only describe what the system is currently made of , it also can report the possible evolutions ( such as the fastest supported CPU or the maximal amount of memory supported ) .
Author Alan Cox & Jean Delvare has these lines written in their man page “ More often than not , information contained in the DMI tables is inaccurate , incomplete or simply wrong ” , which completely clarifies that instead of completely relying on this information , we should match this with information from proc filesystem and dmesg , which should give you enough idea .
When you run the command without any arguments in it , then you will get the complete output and information about your system , a part of which is shown below .
$ sudo dmidecode | less # dmidecode 2.9 SMBIOS 2.5 present .
70 structures occupying 2048 bytes .
Table at 0x000EA7C0 .
Handle 0x0001 , DMI type 0 , 24 bytes BIOS Information Vendor : Hewlett - Packard Version : 786F2 v01.51 Release Date : 08/01/2008 Address : 0xE0000 Runtime Size : 128 kB ROM
Size : 4096 kB Characteristics : PCI is supported PNP is supported
When you are looking for some information then i am sure you must be looking for some specific hardware .
dmidecode gives you the option to specify the option at command line .
$ sudo dmidecode -t Type number or keyword expected Valid type keywords are : bios system baseboard chassis processor memory cache connector slot
So , for example if you would like to know the information about the baseboard installed in your system , that can be done like this .
$ sudo dmidecode -t baseboard # dmidecode 2.9 SMBIOS 2.5 present .
Handle 0x0003 , DMI type 2 , 14 bytes Base Board Information Manufacturer : Hewlett - Packard Product Name : 2820h Version : Not Specified Serial Number : SGH945P5VG
You can also use the number type as the value for the “ - t ” argument .
You can use the following number individually or in a comma separated list to get the information
Type Information
— — — — —-
0 BIOS
1 System
2 Base Board
3 Chassis
4 Processor
5 Memory Controller
6 Memory Module
7 Cache
8 Port Connector
9 System Slots
10 On Board Devices
11 OEM Strings
12 System Configuration Options
13 BIOS Language
14 Group Associations
15 System Event Log
16 Physical Memory Array
17 Memory Device
18 32 - bit Memory Error
19 Memory Array Mapped Address
20 Memory Device Mapped Address
21 Built - in Pointing Device
22 Portable Battery
23 System Reset
24 Hardware Security
25 System Power Controls
26 Voltage Probe
27 Cooling Device
28 Temperature Probe
29 Electrical Current Probe
30 Out - of - band Remote Access
31 Boot Integrity Services
32 System Boot
33 64 - bit Memory Error
34 Management Device
35 Management Device Component
36 Management Device Threshold Data
37 Memory Channel
38 IPMI Device
39 Power Supply
I tried these commands at my system and got correct results .
Please try these at your system and drop a comment in case you found some inaccurate results .
Resources :
Man pages of biosdecode & dmidecode written by Alan Cox & Jean Delvare
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
History Articles , Jewish Agenda Articles , ObamaNation Articles , Protocols Of The Elders Of Zion Fulfilled , Jews Murdered The Russian Royal Family
AT A CONFERENCE IN ISRAEL LAST AUTUMN ,
Jewish billionaire and media mogul , Haim Saban , announced his formula for influence peddling .
As if taken straight from the Jewish Manifesto for world conquest , “ The Protocols Of The Learned Elders of Zion , ” Saban outlined the very same blueprint as laid down by the learned elders over a century ago .
Describing his influence peddling in ‘ protocol ’ fashion , Saban specified three ways for Jews to be influential in American politics : “ Make donations to political parties , establish think tanks , and control media outlets . ”
In articulating his program , Saban said nothing different than what the Protocols put forth some one hundred years before .
View Entire Story
A document demonstrating a deep hatred toward the “ Goyim , ” the Protocols is the text of a series of addresses made to an inner circle of Jewish conspirators in late 19th century Russia by Asher Ginzberg , detailing his plans for achieving world Jewish conquest .
The son of a Jewish tax collector , Ginzberg was born in Kiev and later settled in Odessa , the Jewish center of activist agitation .
Here he established in 1889 his Zionist group , “ Sons Of Moses , ” where he adopted the pen name , Achad Ha’am , meaning “ one of the people . ”
It was to the “ Sons of Moses ” that Ginzberg , ( aka Achad Ha’am ) , delivered his “ protocols ” for the annihilation of Christian culture and the ascendancy of Jewish domination .
The Jews , of course , deny the authenticity of the Protocols , claiming that it is a “ forgery . ”
Challenging this denial , Henry Ford stopped all Jewish mouths for all time when he stated : “ The Protocols are too terribly real for fiction , too well - sustained for speculation , too deep in its knowledge of the secret springs of life for forgery .
They fit what ’s going on now . ”
PRACTICING THE PROTOCOLS
AMONG ITS PLANS FOR JEWISH WORLD DOMINATION , the Protocols called for Jewish control of the press and media , hegemony over international banking , creation of a Jewish academic class , and the manipulation of the political process .
As we note the current Jewish control of the media , ( which Jewry itself admits although they removed the damning article by Ben Stein ) , we must also monitor Jewish manipulation of the political life of all “ democratic ” nations .
By destroying the aristocracy , “ the only defense of the Goyim , ” as stated in the opening chapter of the Protocols , Jewry has succeeded in creating the political system of democracy in which the representatives of the herd are bought - and - paid - for by the Jews .
A recent example of this Jewish practice of ‘ buying influence ’ is evidenced by Obama ’s rise to power … from a nobody , to senator , then to president … in three Jewish - bought steps .
How did an unknown , black communist agitator in Chicago , ascend the political ladder so easily ?
By Jewish money putting into effect the dictates of the Protocols , that ’s how .
OUT OF THEIR OWN MOUTHS
IN A 2008 ARTICLE in the Chicago Jewish News , “ Obama And The Jews , ” prominent Jewish figures are quoted as saying : “ Jews made Obama .
Wherever you look there is a Jewish presence . ”
That presence began when the daughter of Real Estate maven Phillip Klutznik , Betty Lu Saltzburger , ( known as the behind - the - scenes champion of Obama ’s political career ) , put her money where her mouth was .
After meeting Obama in 1991 , Saltzman said to her husband , “ He ’s going to be our first black president . ”
As her involvement with Obama grew , Saltzman remarked , “ He ’s right on all the issues when it comes to Israel .
Obviously I ’m not going to support someone who is opposed to Israel . ”
Working closely with fellow Jewish leftist , Marilyn Katz , Saltzman funded Obama ’s political ascendancy with a “ protocol goal ” in mind : Weaken the White Christian power bloc by installing a leftist - leaning black into the upper echelons of American political life .
Saltzman soon hired David Axelrod of the political consultancy group , Axelrod & Associates , to begin a media - program which would realize her dream of installing the first black president .
Grooming the young black activist , Saltzman and Axelrod found a means of bringing the unknown Obama into the halls of Capitol Hill in the 2004 Illinois Senate race .
How did they catapult an unproven figure into national prominence ?
By the political merits of the senatorial aspirant ?
Not at all - Obama had no political credentials whatsoever .
They used instead an underhanded scheme of SMEARING the contending Democrat candidate , Blair Hull .
Through their Jewish connections in high legal places , Saltzman and Axelrod brought Hull ’s SEALED divorce proceedings to light and then LEAKED their damaging contents to the public , thus forcing Hull to withdraw his candidacy .
The VERY SAME THING happened to the Republican contender , Jack Ryan , when Axelrod leaked to the Chicago Tribune an alleged “ sex club involvement , ” forcing Ryan to drop out of the race .
This left Alan Keyes as the Republican candidate , an obvious loser against the media - hyped Obama .
View Entire Story Here & Here .
As Henry Ford convincingly said , “ The Protocols fit what ’s going on now , ” it is by their own actions that Jewry has proven The Protocols Of The Learned Elders Of Zion to be the foremost threat to our troubled and Jewish - corrupted world today …
___________________________________
For More See :
CLICK : Brother Nathanael !
Street Evangelist !
Support Brother Nathanael !
HERE
Or Send Your Contribution To :
Brother Nathanael Kapner ; PO Box 547 ; Priest River ID 83856
E-mail : bronathanael@yahoo.com
A disturbing study finds that men who hold " old- fashioned " views on women 's roles actually make more money .
Advertisement
According to the BBC , scientists asked men and women " whether they believed a woman 's place was in the home , or whether the employment of women was likely to lead to higher rates of juvenile delinquency . "
Women who answered " no " to these kinds of questions — who were what the BBC calls " modern - thinking " — earned slightly more than women who said yes .
More surprising : men who answered yes earned significantly more — an average of $ 8,500 a year .
So maybe these folks were just gunning for a raise ?
Advertisement
Psychologist Magdalena Zawisza offered a possible explanation :
It could be that more traditionally - minded men are interested in power , both in terms of access to resources - money in this case - and also in terms of a woman who is submissive .
Another theory suggests that employers are more likely to promote men who are the sole earner in preference to those who do not - they recognise that they need more support for their families , because they are the breadwinner .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Maybe men who are " traditionally - minded " ( and can we question the idea that the male breadwinner / female homemaker model was a " tradition " anywhere but midcentury , middle - class America ? ) have more " Machiavellian " personalities , which , as we learned yesterday , can increase earning power .
But there 's also another possibility : at least according to the BBC coverage , it appears that study subjects were asked to self - report their salaries .
Maybe men who think women should stay in the kitchen just say they make more — after all , they would n't want to be caught pulling down less money than a woman .
Advertisement
Men With Sexist Views ' Earn More ' [ BBC ]
“ In the past , the problem of who drinks out of whose well in Nablus has not been a strategic interest of the United States , ” said Martin S. Indyk , a former United States ambassador to Israel and the vice president and the director of foreign policy at the Brookings Institution .
He said there was an interest now because of the tens of thousands of troops fighting Islamist insurgencies abroad at the same time that the United States was trying to curb Iran ’s nuclear ambitions .
Image Ultra -Orthodox Jews last month in Ramat Shlomo , a neighborhood of East Jerusalem .
Credit ... Amir Cohen / Reuters
“ Will resolving the Palestinian issue solve everything ? ” Mr. Indyk said .
“ No .
But will it help us get there ?
Yes . ”
The administration ’s immediate priority , officials said , is jump - starting indirect talks between Israelis and Palestinians .
There is still a vigorous debate inside the administration about what to do if such talks were to go nowhere , which experts said is the likeliest result , given the history of such negotiations .
Some officials , like Gen. James L. Jones , the national security adviser , advocate putting forward an American peace plan , while others , like the longtime Middle East peace negotiator Dennis B. Ross , who now works in the National Security Council , favor a more incremental approach .
Last week , National Security Council officials met with outside Middle East experts to discuss the Arab Israeli conflict .
Two weeks before , General Jones and Mr. Obama met with several national security advisers from previous administrations and discussed putting forward an American proposal , even though it would put pressure on both Israel and the Palestinians .
Several officials point out that Mr. Obama has now seized control of Middle East policy himself , particularly since the controversy several weeks ago when Israeli authorities announced new Jewish housing units in Jerusalem during a visit to Israel by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Mr. Obama , incensed by that snub , has given Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a list of demands , and relations between the United States and Israel have fallen into a chilly standoff .
“ The president is re-evaluating the tactics his administration is employing toward Israel and the entire Middle East , ” said Robert Wexler , a former Democratic congressman who resigned in January to lead the Center for Middle East Peace , a Washington - based nonprofit institution that is working for a peace agreement .
“ I do n’t think that anybody believes American lives are endangered or materially affected by the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , ” said Mr. Wexler , who has close ties to administration officials .
“ That ’s an oversimplification .
However , you ’d have to have blinders on not to recognize that there are issues in one arena that affect other arenas . ”
A GERMAN UFO expert has claimed that a NASA spacecraft may have been hijacked by aliens - who are now attempting to contact the Earth .
Hartwig Hausdorf claims that Voyager 2 - an unmanned interplanetary probe blasted into space 33 years ago - has started transmitting strange , unintelligible signals , Bild newspaperrevealed today
NASA installed a 12 - inch disk containing music and greetings in 55 languages in case intelligent extraterrestrial life ever found it .
But last month the probe began sending back distorted messages from its location near the edge of the solar system that baffled NASA scientists were unable to decode , Mr Hausdorf says .
" It seems almost as if someone had reprogrammed or hijacked the probe , thus perhaps we do not yet know the whole truth , " the author of UFOs - They Are Still Flying told Bild .
The signal from Voyager 2 - which takes 13 hours to reach the Earth - broke off fully on April 22 .
NASA said engineers were working to solve a data transmission fault .
The space agency has not commented specifically on Mr Hausdorf 's comments , although it says the fault is likely to be a glitch in the probe 's computer memory
Voyager 2 and its twin , Voyager 1 , were launched in 1977 to explore Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
Three decades on , they are the most distant human - made objects in outer space .
Voyager 1 is currently more than 8.5 billion miles from Earth .
It will soon travel beyond the heliosphere - a bubble the sun creates around the solar system - into interstellar space , scientists say .
Originally published as NASA spacecraft ' hijacked by aliens '
A terrible performance from England in a game completely devoid of any attacking inspiration .
Algeria defended excellently in their unusual 3 - 4 - 2 - 1 shape and got the result they were playing for , but England made it easy for them .
England made three changes from their first game against the United States .
David James replaced Robert Green after his mistake , Jamie Carragher replaced Ledley King after his injury , and Gareth Barry replaced James Milner after his nightmare on the left .
Algeria made one outfield switch from their opening day defeat to Slovenia – Rafik Djebbour was dropped and in came Ryad Boudabouz .
They also changed their goalkeeper after a sub -Green mistake in the first game .
This meant further changes for both sides in terms of positioning , although both kept the same formation .
Gareth Barry ’s presence in the centre of midfield meant Steven Gerrard moved to a narrow left - sided position with license to roam , whilst Boudabouz played as the right - sided attacking midfielder , a role previously taken by Karim Matmour – he instead moved upfront and looked to drop deep .
Algeria achieved their objective by simply defending in numbers .
The wide players drop back when not in possession and create a 5 - 4 - 1 system when they do n’t have the ball , which made it very difficult for England to work the ball into dangerous positions .
The movement of the two attacking midfielders was particularly troublesome for England – when Algeria attacked , they caused the central midfielders problems , when Algeria defended , they were trying to prevent the full - backs getting forward .
England struggle
England never looked like getting past the Algeria defence because they were faced with a spare man at the back , in a fairly flat three man defence .
The key to getting the better of a three - man defence in a 2 v 3 situation is to try to pull them across the pitch , but England rarely did this – Wayne Rooney was surprisingly static and could have drifted into slightly more intelligent positions when not in possession , but instead he and Emile Heskey either stayed alongside each other , or looked to drop deep .
There was never any lateral movement .
The key when facing a 3 - 5 - 2 ( or variation ) is to get your full - backs forward , and Ashley Cole did that throughout the game , often playing ahead of the midfield .
On the other side , Glen Johnson needed to be more reserved because of the threat of Karim Ziani , and the fact that England had natural width on the right - hand side anyway .
Gareth Barry did a very good job defensively , often tracking one of the midfield runners well into a goalscoring position , and he should be praised for his positional awareness and concentration levels – playing as the sole holding midfielder against a side playing two players ‘ in the hole ’ is a difficult job , and England were far better with him in that position than if they had persisted with the Gerrard - Lampard partnership .
Problems with width
Aaron Lennon constantly came inside rather than getting down the touchline .
He needed to be braver and give Nadir Belhadj more of a problem by staying wide and high when Algeria got the ball – this would have either pushed Belhadj backwards to pick up Lennon , and therefore take him out of the equation , or forced one of the three centre - backs to come across to the left - back position , which would have removed Algeria ’s luxury of a free man at the back .
This is fairly basic stuff , though .
Under Fabio Capello , England ’s wide - right midfielder has always been meant to hug the touchline rather than drift inside .
Capello reportedly left Theo Walcott out of the dquad because he was positionally undisciplined and looked to move into the centre of the pitch , and with Lennon doing the same here , it was no surprise when he was replaced by Shaun Wright - Phillips – who did nothing of note but at least stretched the play .
Minor Algeria threat
Algeria dominated possession for periods of the game , as you would expect for a side essentially fielding six midfielders .
Indeed , you can stretch that to seven – because Matmour is plainly not a forward , let alone a lone striker .
His movement was decent but he offered no threat in behind , which is the obvious way to catch out a defensive partnership of John Terry and Jamie Carragher .
They threatened down the flanks when the wing - backs combined with the two attacking midfielders , but they then had no further pass , with Matmour marked by the two England centre - backs .
Passing in triangles is the best way to unlocking defences , but Algeria ’s passing combinations in attacking zones were in pairs rather than trios , and they struggled to create in open play .
England sloppy
England , too , were playing in straight lines .
Off - the - ball movement was non-existent .
Gerrard ’s license to drift in from the left seemed to evolve into a free role – something rarely suited either to a 4 - 4 - 2 , or to an English footballer .
Lennon and then Wright - Phillips tried brief spells on the left that seemed to confuse the whole team , and at one point on 24 minutes , Lennon was on the left , Gerrard was right - centre and Lampard was right midfield .
This was n’t fluidity , it was confusion .
The most shocking thing was how many misplaced passes there were when England players were under no pressure whatsoever .
They needed a player deep in midfield to retain the possession and switch play , and a player higher up the pitch with genuine technical quality on the ball .
Michael Carrick and Joe Cole would have been appropriate replacements , but both sat on the bench whilst Peter Crouch and Jermain Defoe came on – as if Capello thought England had been creating plenty of opportunities but needed someone on the end of them .
The one England player who had a decent game , Ashley Cole , was n’t being used enough .
He attempted 37 passes compared to the 71 of his full - back colleague Johnson .
With the Algeria attacking midfielders ending up centrally when attacking , and their wing - backs being reasonably ambitious in their attacking intentions , sometimes England needed to get the ball forward quickly .
When they tried a more ambitious pass , though , it was a long punt to Heskey , which produced nothing because Heskey was having one of his off - nights .
And when Heskey has off - nights , he is a truly awful footballer – his first touch deserts him , he times his jumps wrong , he clatters into opponents .
He was excellent against the US , but offered nothing here .
Egypt similarities
Disappointingly , Capello had a warning about this three months ago .
England ’s friendly against Egypt at Wembley saw them playing a North African side that used a 3 - 4 - 2 - 1 formation .
They had less possession of the ball and were deservedly 0 - 1 down at half - time , when Michael Carrick came on and was by far the best player on the pitch .
He transformed the game , resulting in a 3 - 1 England win – he would have been perfect tonight .
The case for Carrick ’s inclusion has been argued on this site before and does n’t need to be repeated , but some quotes from Xabi Alonso this week made for interesting reading :
“ John Terry , Stevie Gerrard and Wayne Rooney are the obvious names when you think of the important players for England … if they are on top of their game and if Carrick plays , because for me he is a top player , then England will have a chance .
If Carrick plays for the national team the way that he does for Manchester United , then it would be very good news for England .
I think that he could easily fit in the Spanish system because I really like the way he plays .
He reads the game so well , he is always ahead of what is going to happen and he is always in the right position .
When he gets the ball , he plays it easy and he is available to his team - mates all the time .
For me , he has the profile to play for Barcelona or any of the Spanish teams .
He would also be very complimentary to Stevie . ”
England plainly can’t even vaguely control a game with two central midfielders – so there ’s a need for a third , and that third man is Carrick .
He is alarmingly off - form at club level , but should that matter if the player is being brought in to play a specific role in the side to bring the best out of others ?
Capello clearly does n’t think so , considering Heskey ’s place in the side .
Conclusion
A good , dogged display by Algeria defensively and a well - deserved point , but in their two games so far they ’ve offered nothing in an attacking sense .
If they do n’t score against the US in their final game , they ’ll be out of the competition .
Their defensive display does n’t explain England ’s lack of movement or creativity , nor their terrible passing .
It ’s not the end of the road for England , but one more performance like this , and it will be .
They can still progress to the latter stages , but it surely wo n’t be with this XI , and maybe not with this formation .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
In its first year of existence , the Tea Party movement made clear what it was angry about : the first black American President , health - care reform , taxes , deficit spending , “ lib - rhuls , ” socialists , Hitler , emergency “ bailouts ” to stave off a new Great Depression , and – in general – Big Government .
Now , however , with its first genuine national spokesman – Republican Senate candidate from Kentucky Rand Paul – the public is getting a clearer sense of what the Tea Party is actually for .
It is a movement intended to enshrine “ owner rights , ” along with states ’ rights , as the bedrocks of the American system .
That is why Paul would question enactment of the 1964 Civil Rights
Act and other federal laws designed to stop segregation , including the then - common practice of restaurants , hotels and similar businesses denying service to people because of the color of their skin .
Paul followed up those remarks ( he later backed down somewhat ) with an equally revealing criticism of the Obama administration as “ un- American ” for its tough demands that BP be held accountable for its disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , including payment of billions of dollars in damages .
“ What I do n’t like from the President ’s administration is this , sort of , ‘ I ’ll put my boot heel on the throat of BP ’ , ” Paul said Friday , referring to a statement by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
“ I think that sounds really un-American in his criticism of business .
“ I ’ve heard nothing from BP about not paying for the spill .
And I think it ’s part of this sort of blame - game society in the sense that it ’s always got to be someone ’s fault instead of the fact that sometimes accidents happen . ”
Paul made a similar comment regarding the recent mine explosion in West Virginia where 29 workers died after Massey Energy dragged its heels on correcting safety violations , including the buildup of gasses that were blamed for the blast .
“ We had a mining accident that was very tragic , ” Paul said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America , ” adding : “ Then we come in and it ’s always someone ’s fault .
Maybe sometimes accidents happen . ”
After the voting - rights comments , some media pundits , like Newsweek ’s Howard Fineman , made excuses for Paul , saying he was just a political novice who had n’t mastered the skill of packaging his answers in politically neutral ways .
In other words , his only sin was believing too sincerely in his ideology and expressing it honestly .
However , what Paul was really doing was explaining what the Tea Party movement is truly about .
Though it draws from a variety of political animosities – like white resentment of the nation ’s demographic changes and a desire to “ take our country back ” from the likes of President Barack Obama – the Tea Party ’s core mission is to stop the federal government from limiting the power of corporations .
That is why former House Republican Leader Dick Armey has thrown his corporate - backed FreedomWorks behind the Tea Party movement .
It ’s why Massey president Don Blankenship showed up in Stars - and - Stripes apparel to give a rousing speech to a Tea Party rally .
In essence , Big Corporations are pulling a Big Con on the common folks attracted to the Tea Party movement , getting them to focus their anger at Big Government as a threat to their “ liberties ” when the federal government is all that stands in the way of total corporate dominance of the United States .
So , instead of pressing for a democratized and energized federal government that could serve as a check on unbridled corporate power , the Tea Partiers are being turned into foot soldiers for “ owner rights , ” to ensure that corporations are freed from government regulations and accountability .
Rand Paul ’s mistake was simply to expose this reality to the broader public .
To stanch the bleeding from his candor , his Senate campaign canceled his scheduled appearance on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” a virtually unprecedented act for an American politician .
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
Dave is camped out in the triple j Lunch slot to pick you up , put tracks down and aid in digestion .
If you 've got something to say , and the artistry to make it into a funny image , head to the
on - going infographic contest and show us what you 've got .
You 're one Cracked Editor belly laugh away from being 5,000 pennies richer .
TRENTON
— Gov. Chris Christie ’s administration said Rutgers University ’s agricultural center should grow the pot and hospitals should dispense it under the state ’s medical marijuana program , according to three people briefed on the proposal .
If legislators agree with the administration and amend a law that passed in January , New Jersey would be the first among the 14 medical marijuana states to run a centralized production and distribution system .
The proposed changes represent an even more restrictive program — beyond one that was already the most conservative in the country — and eliminate the option of entrepreneurial growers and dispensaries getting some of the state ’s marijuana business .
Letting the program operate through one grower and hospitals would minimize some of Christie ’s concern about the program posing a security and safety threat , according to the sources , who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to disclose the details .
Critics have said the governor is needlessly dragging his feet in a state that has at least 5,000 citizens who need the drug to alleviate pain and suffering .
Roseanne Scotti , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance of New Jersey , said she had heard " rumors " about the state wanting to involve Rutgers and hospitals .
She said she wished the administration would stick to the bill that took years to pass .
" Why go back to drawing board , especially when seriously ill people are waiting ? ’’ she asked .
Scotti also said the changes would limit economic growth from the medical marijuana industry .
" A lot of very responsible and respectable people have begun to step forward , ’’ she said .
" I thought the Christie administration is supposedly business - friendly . ’’
Previous coverage :
• Gov. Chris Christie administration to extend start of medical marijuana program through next year
• N.J. medical marijuana law models New Mexico's
• Colorado residents say legal pot has economic , medical benefits ; officials criticize unregulated industry
• Aspiring marijuana growers look to stake a claim in N.J. 's new industry
• N.J. medical marijuana advocates vow court battle if legalization is delayed
Sen. Nicholas Scutari ( D - Union ) , one of the law ’s prime sponsors , yesterday said state health officials approached him about changing the law , but he declined to be specific .
He described the changes sought by Health and Senior Services Commissioner Poonam Alaigh as " interesting " but requiring more thought .
Scutari said he understands Christie " wants to make sure this is strictly controlled — once the cat is out of the bag , it ’s hard to stuff it back in .
But I do n’t want to see this become too restrictive ...
We are not giving out poison . "
He also plans to introduce a bill Monday granting the Health Department an additional 90 days — from October to January — to write the rules and roll out the program .
The administration had sought up to a year ’s delay .
Health Department spokeswoman Donna Leusner declined to confirm details about the proposed program .
" The department is still looking at many complex issues that will allow for design of the safest and most effective program for those patients who qualify , " Leusner said .
Assemblyman Reed Gusciora ( D - Mercer ) , the other key sponsor , said he was " supportive , if this is where they want to go . ’’
He said he especially liked how Rutgers would be given " a great opportunity academic - wise ... to be the cutting edge of developing new strains of marijuana that deal with illness . ’’
Bob Goodman , executive director of the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station at Rutgers , declined to comment .
In March , Goodman confirmed the state had contacted the station to explore forming a partnership over the medical marijuana program .
A few weeks ago I reported :
In forming my view that school functions in part to help folks accept workplace domination , I rediscovered the view of the ‘ 76 book Schooling In Capitalist America :
Here is some evidence from that book :
Getzels and Jackson … subjected a group of 449 high school students to an IQ test and a battery of exams which purport to measure creativity .
They found no appreciable correlation between measured IQ and measured creativity .
The top 20 percent in IQ on the one hand , and in creativity on the other , were singled out and asked to rank certain personality traits ( a ) on the degree to which they would like to have these traits , and ( b ) on the degree to which they believed teachers would like the student to have .
…
While the high IQs “ preferred traits ” correspond closely to their perception of the teachers ’ values , the high creatives ’ ranking of preferred traits was actually inversely related to the perceived teachers ’ ranking .
The high creatives do not fail to conform ; rather they do not wish to conform . …
[ Our ] review of this literature … support [s ] the following interpretation .
Students are rewarded for exhibiting discipline , subordinacy , intellectually as opposed to emotionally oriented behavior , and hard work independent from intrinsic task motivation .
Moreover , these traits are rewarded independently of any effect of “ proper demeanor ” on scholastic achievement . …
John L. Holland undertook a study of the determinants of high school success among a group of 639 National Merit Scholarship finalists . …
While the group ’s high academic rank is doubtless related to their above - average IQs , difference in scholastic achievement among them were not significantly related to their grades .
…
Many of the personality variables were significantly and positively related to grades .
Most important were teachers ’ ratings of the students ’
Citizenship and the students ’ self - evalution of Drive to Achieve .
Neither of these variables and any significant impact on actual achievement measures ! …
Students who are ranked by their teachers as high on Citizenship and Drive to Achieve are indeed more likely to be diligent … and socially popular …
But they are , in fact , significantly below average on measures of creativity and mental flexibility . …
These same traits of creativity and mental flexibility are directly penalized in terms of school grades , holding constant test scores , Citizenship , and Drive to Achieve . ( p40,41 )
This all fits with my Myth of Creativity oped .
The modern economy does n’t want much creativity ; it instead rewards self - control ( = social control ) .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
According to the LA Times :
Top Justice Department officials have drafted a legal challenge asserting that Arizona 's controversial immigration law is unconstitutional because it impinges on the federal government 's authority to police the nation 's borders , sources said Wednesday .
At the same time , the government officials said , the department 's civil rights section is considering possible legal action against the law on the basis that it amounts to racial profiling of Latinos who are legally in Arizona but conceivably could be asked to provide documents proving their citizenship .
According to the article , AG Holder met with 10 police chiefs Wednesday who object to the Arizona legislation , & he promised them he would act on their recommendations soon .
The chiefs urged Holder and the Obama administration , to stop the law , which they said would seriously hamper local police work .
Another problem with the law is that it would shatter trust between the police & immigrant communities .
From the article :
One of the attendees was Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck , who said afterward that he told Holder that " legislation like this inhibits us from doing our jobs " and would deter immigrants from reporting crimes , either as victims or witnesses .
" The fear of the police already inhibits immigrants from coming forward to a certain extent , " Beck said .
" But if you add this , you increase the reluctance tenfold .
" People should remember that undocumented immigrants are witnesses in all kinds of crime , and this does not just affect them .
If people do n't come forward to help the police solve and protect against crime , no matter what their status , then we are doomed to failure .
It threatens to destroy a lot of the work that has been done . "
While no final decisions have been made , DOJ 's chief spokesman Matthew Miller confirmed that Holder told the police chiefs that a decision on federal action would come quickly .
We shall see .
Feel confident knowing you can proceed with your Family Law / Divorce matter while adhering to public health guidelines at the same time .
Social Distancing
Self Quarantine
Avoid Unnecessary Travel
When you feel the need to move forward with your family law case , you can do so safely with our online webconsultations , webmediation or web settlement conferencing services .
You now have other options for our office to help you with your Family Law / Divorce matter knowing we acknowledge your needs of a tough life schedule while adhering to all of the current public health guidelines at the same time .
Speed up Firefox with tmpfs
Firefox uses SQLlite to store most of its information , which makes it quite slow .
As SQLite accesses are IO - bound , Firefox suffers when the disk is heavily used by other processes .
Here is a solution to move the profile is a RAM partition , using tmpfs .
Note that this solution has been exposed here .
I am just presenting a modified solution , which uses rsync to sync the profile on RAM and on disk .
Prepare your profile
First , we need to prepare the profile , in order to make it lighter .
The original author suggests these change of configuration ( in about : config in Firefox ) :
set browser.cache.disk.capacity to 20000 set browser.safebrowsing.enabled to false set browser.safebrowsing.malware.enabled to false
Then copy your profile in another directory .
Your profile is in ~/.mozilla / firefox / and looks like xxxxxxxx .
default .
Create a new directory called profile and copy the contents of your profile into it .
before doing that , delete the files urlclassifier *. sqlite in your profile , and empty your cache .
cd ~/.mozilla / firefox / mkdir profile cp - r *. default /* profile /
Note that this tutorial assumes that you have only one Firefox profile .
It can easily be adapted to several profiles .
Here , we use the profile xxxxxxxx .
default , but replace it with your own profile .
Same for the user , which here is xxxx .
Create RAM partition
Add this entry in /etc / fstab :
firefox /home / xxxx/.mozilla/firefox/xxxxxxxx.default tmpfs size=128M,noauto,user,exec,uid=1000 ,gid=1000 0 0
Of course , adapt the line above with your user name , your profile directory and the uid and gid .
Test the profile in RAM
You will need here to close Firefox , so note the following steps .
Close Firefox .
Then make sure that the profile is copied in ~/.mozilla/ firefox / profile / .
Empty your original profile directory , so that it is just an empty directory :
rm - Rf *.default /*
Before we start Firefox , we need to mount the RAM partition , and copy over the contents of the profile into it .
In the same vein , we will need to regularly copy back the profile in RAM into the profile directory , otherwise all changes to your profile will be lost when you turn off your computer .
We use rsync for that ( which is a better solution than using tar IMHO ) .
We create a script that checks whether the profile is in RAM or not ( checking for the presence of a .unpacked file ) .
If it is not , we mount the RAM partition , and copy the profile over .
If the profile is already in RAM , we synchronise the profile directory with the profile in RAM .
Here is the script ( I call it tmpfs_firefox.sh ) :
#!/bin/bash #
Change this to match your correct profile PROFILE= " xxxxxxxx.default " cd " $ { HOME}/.mozilla / firefox " if test - z " $( mount | grep -F " $ {HOME}/.mozilla/firefox /${PROFILE} " ) " then mount " $ {HOME}/.mozilla/firefox /${PROFILE} " fi if test -f " $ { PROFILE}/.unpacked " then rsync - av -- delete -- exclude .unpacked ./" $ PROFILE " / ./ profile / else rsync - av ./ profile / ./" $ PROFILE " / touch " $ {PROFILE}/.unpacked " fi exit
You have closed Firefox .
Run this script a first time , and it should mount the partition , and copy the profile over .
Then , if you list the profile directory , you should see all the profile files :
~/tmpfs_firefox.sh ls ~/.mozilla/firefox/*.default /
Run the script a second time .
It should then synchronize the saved profile with the RAM profile .
~/tmpfs_firefox.sh # you should see something like : # building file list ... done # sent 36643 bytes received 20 bytes 73326.00 bytes sec # total size is 45390178 speedup is 1238.04
Test Firefox
First , make sure that the profile has been mounted correctly in the RAM partition .
You can try to unmount the RAm partition , and run the above script again .
If your profile is there , simply run Firefox .
Hopefully , you will notice that it is real faster .
You can see that easily with the so - called smart bar auto completion : results should be instantaneous .
We now need to regularly synchronize the backup profile with profile in RAM .
We could do that when you log out , but it is not reliable enough .
Since we use rsync to synchronize the profiles , we can run it often .
Set up a cron job which calls the above script each 5 or 10 minutes .
So if your compter crashes , you will always have your profile saved just a few minutes ago .
*/5 * * * * $ HOME/.tmpfs_firefox.sh
We should also create a little script to start Firefox , so that we can make sure that the profile is loaded into RAM before Firefox loads .
You can use this little script , and use it instead the normal Firefox shortcut :
#!/bin/bash ~/tmpfs_firefox.sh firefox & exit
Conclusion
So what we do is basically backup the profile , and use a script that mounts the normal Firefox profile directory in RAM , and synchronize back and forth the RAM profile with the backup profile .
Each 5 minutes , the RAM profile is saved in the backup profile directory .
Firefox should just work as before , except it will be noticeably faster as most of the disk access that it does will be done in RAM .
And this only cost 128 MB of your RAM !
ATTENTION : JavaScript is not enabled .
To use the site completely , it is needed to have JavaScript enabled !
The Ontario Public Works Protection
Act grants the executive branch “ unlimited authority to the cabinet ” to appoint any with the authority of a local police officer ; deem any place in the province a ‘ public work ’ ; threaten whatever force is necessary to make any person — irrelevant of probable cause — identify themselves , grant consent to their person and property to a search , and prevent the person without cause from entering property deemed as a ‘ public work ’ .
Paul Cavalluzzo , a Ontario - based constitutional lawyer discussed the Act with Paul Jay at The Real News Network ( 16:59 ) :
A detention center was created out of a movie studio and to hold kidnapped demonstrators , the C.B.C. reported , and those demonstrating against the camp were violently forced to disperse by the police .
Interesting is toward the end of the interview .
People are being immediately released and this has been a redeeming quality of police apologists , but if there ’s no evidence to hold a ‘ violent criminal who has committed a crime justifying arrest ’ , what makes them a criminal justifying that arrest — and worse , what justifies this “ processing ” everyone has to go through .
A great opportunity for governments enter new names and their corresponding numbers to databases for monitoring and warrantless surveillance ( 5:24 ) :
Why are they protesting ?
Well , I wrote about that during the September Summit in Pittsburgh , Pa. , but more during an October meeting between World Bank and International Monetary Fund oligarchs in Turkey .
Journalist Naomi Klein , among others , sums it up best : “ Here is where they stick us with the bill for that massive bank bailout ” ( 3:15 ) :
Black blocs , undercover provocateurs and the deification of industrialists are red herrings .
Jesse Freeston , a journalist at The Real News Network , was punched and subdued by the police in a scuffle that include the kidnapping of a deaf man for ‘ ignoring police orders ’ .
Mr. Freeston notes at the end that “ when police attack journalists ” , they are attacking the “ public ’s right to know what ’s going on ” ( 5:12 ) :
There are lot of platitudes tossed around regarding the protests at last weekend ’s G - 20 Summit — polarizing rhetoric to dehumanize individuals as thugs and anti-capitalist , on both ends , using the same labels .
The fact is that people expressed valid grievances against odious debt at the barrel of a gun and the only counter - argument by the authorities , defenders of the status quo , was brutal force and extreme intimidation .
Rima Fakih will be a guest on the " Joy Behar Show " at 9 p.m. Wednesday .
( CNN ) -- Arab -Americans expressed delight Monday , a day after 24 - year - old Lebanese - American Rima Fakih was crowned Miss USA .
" For once , we 're talking about beauty and not terror , " said Osama Siblani , publisher of The Arab - American News , in Dearborn , Michigan , who knows Fakih and her family .
He and about 150 other Arab - Americans watched the pageant unfold on a 100 - inch television screen at La Pita Restaurant in Dearborn , which was packed with her friends .
The place erupted in applause when she took the crown , he said .
" This sends a signal that we 're part and parcel of this great country ... this is a part of being American .
The American dream is still alive and kicking .
Nobody can tell us that a Muslim can not make it .
Yes , we can make it . "
" We could n't hear ourselves , " said Mohamad Dbouk , general manager of the restaurant .
" Everybody was screaming . "
Dancing continued until 2 a.m. , said Siblani , who text - messaged Fakih after her victory .
" She was very excited . "
He said Fakih and her family describe themselves as Muslim .
Asked if conservative Muslims might be offended by the pictures of the young woman wearing a bikini , he said , " Only stupid ones .
It 's like all religions :
They have conservative , they have liberal , and they have in the middle . "
He added , " If you 're asking those conservatives , yes , they 'll tell you that it 's forbidden .
But I 'm a Muslim , and if you ask me would my sister wear a bikini or a swimsuit , I 'd say yes , of course . "
A Lebanese friend downplayed the issue .
Though her name is Muslim , " Rima was raised in a family that 's moderate , and they practiced both religions , " including Christianity , said Rami Haddad , who said he helped with Fakih 's publicity campaign in Michigan .
" She 's American first , and I do n't think religion has to play any role in this . "
He also downplayed the impact of the pictures , including those showing a scantily clad Fakih dancing on a pole .
" I do n't think they are anything bad , " he said .
A spokeswoman for Miss USA said pageant officials are not certain that Fakih is the first Arab - American to win the title , since such records are not kept , but she said she thought that was the case .
Either way , Samar Boulos , 23 , was proud of Fakih 's victory .
" I would really hope that she would raise the Lebanese name up high , " said the Beirut native who teaches Arabic at Kennesaw State University in suburban Atlanta , Georgia .
" Instead of always showing the terrorism part of it , maybe she could show the good side of it , the beauty . "
Similar sentiments surged across international borders : " 9 years after 9/11 .
America has a president of Muslim origin and a Muslim Miss America , " tweeted Khalid Alkhalifa , the foreign minister of Bahrain .
But it was not all positive .
Octavia Nasr , CNN 's senior editor of Middle East affairs , said criticism was emerging on some websites .
" It 's a mixed bag , " she said .
Arabs are quick to adopt someone who becomes successful , even if their country of origin played no role in their success , she said .
" Arabs usually flee their land to find opportunities elsewhere .
Until they make it , their countries of origin do nothing for them , " she said .
Nasr said others took issue with the judges ' decision , pointing to one blog entry .
" Anyone who says she ain't pretty is lying , but I 'm not sure she 's all that , " it said .
" She is a very typical Lebanese beauty , nothing too out of the ordinary , but I may be wrong . "
Fakih 's victory came as no surprise to Linda Bement , who had just turned 18 when she won the title of Miss USA in 1960 .
" I picked her out , " said Bement , who watched the program from Salt Lake City , Utah , where she lived then and lives now .
" She just looked like she was going to be the winner . "
Bement said that though the bathing suits have gotten smaller and the promotional pictures more risque , little else appears to have changed in the half - century since she took home her pearl - encrusted tiara .
" The girls are still pretty , " said Bement , who had to return the tiara and went on to work as a model for Max Factor and Royal Crown Cola after her pageant victory .
" It 's a business , it 's big money , " she said .
After her victory , Bement too was subject to criticism from conservatives -- in this case from Mormons -- though it had little impact .
" I just heard it secondhand that somebody said a Mormon girl should n't be showing her body off in a bathing suit , " she said .
" But I would say overwhelmingly the Mormons were just thrilled that I won .
The president of the church at the time invited me to meet his wife , and I , of course , met with him .
" There 's always a little tiny group of people who are even more conservative than the average bear . "
A young boy gets jolted with electricity as he 's climbing a tall cable pylon .
As he gets older , he experiences intense fits of violence in which bolts of electricity burt from his fists .
Elsewhere in Tokyo , there is an electronics wizard who also happens to be a vigilante with a taste for electric weapons .
When the pair catch each other 's attention , the result is a battle that will light up the city .
Written by Jean - Marc Rocher < rocher@fiberbit.net >
Photo from ridingabuttertub.com Photo from ridingabuttertub.com
" Frogman has not been seen for centuries and BP is yet to find him .
Frogman has not been seen for centuries and BP is yet to find him .
On April 20 , BP 's deepwater Horizon exploded and BP was unable to activate to shut - off valve .
After a number of attempts to shut down the oil spill , including ( but possibly not limited to ) Top Hat , Top Kill and Junk Shot , BP has still been unable to to stop the increase of the oil price .
According to our anonymous sources , BPs next attempt to stop the flow of oil is called .
What is in the name ?
British Petroleum has contacted a majority of fisherman to catch them whales .
The operation will be worked on in two different phases .
British Petroleum , under tight supervision by the Obama government , is working on blowing up as many whales as possible and fill the oil tubes with whale meat , bones , babies , and everything else found inside a whale .
Official press release is still to be written , but according to the current information , this operation is yet another nature - friendly way to stop the oil spill .
They tried with mud , it did n't work .
They added rubber balls , but the general population was n't happy with the non-nature - friendly things in the water .
So now they are trying something different .
Whales .
And as there are no chemicals inside whales , all environmentalists should like this operation .
Should phase one turn out to be unsuccessful ( which it probably will be , considering BP 's past ability to deal with this disaster ) , they will be moving on to .
This time they intend to use alive whales .
They drag the whales to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico , attach oil tubes to the whales and use whales as carriers of oil to the ground .
So far they have managed to put together a team of 10 000 whales .
Once a whale has been filled with oil , it will be dragged up , emptied to BP 's ships and sent down again for more oil .
BP is confident ( 65 % ) that should Operation Whale Blow - Up Phase
One not work , the operation 's Phase Two ( called ) will definitely ( 65 % ) work .
Should the unthinkable happen , however , and operation Whale Blow - up will end exactly as the past attempts to save the world , BP is prepared to launch .
However , according to sources , the Frogman has not been seen for centuries and BP is yet to find him .
British petroleum tried to put a hat on the oil flow .
Obviously , they failed .
According to unconfirmed sources , the hat was made of spun yarn .
BP tried to pump dense mud into the blowout preventer that is releasing the most oil .
They almost succeeded , but ... well , just almost .
So they failed .
BP decided to add rubber golf balls and scraps to the mud that goes into their leaking oil well .
They did manage to popularise golf and bring it closer to the general public , but in terms of stopping the flow of oil , they were unsuccessful .
The well has been spewing an average of 15 000 barrels of oil a day .
All free for taking , just take your oil can with you .
BP is losing loads of money , estimations are at about $ 24 million a day .
Fortunately for us though , their last year 's profit was $ 45 million a day .
And if oil prices keep rising , they will end up not losing , but making money with this unfortunate incident .
“ The White Bridge ” , photo of the Bank Street Bridge by Alain Villeneuve , via the OttawaStart Flickr Group .
( Via Bike Ottawa ) Today City Council voted in favour of improving the Bank Street Bridge for people who ride bikes , walk , and roll .
Council voted in favour of reducing the number of car lanes from four to three , and widening and converting the sidewalks into two - way multi-use paths on either side of the bridge .
...
Mohammed , covered in dust and dirt , is in the process of digging a 750 m ( 2,460 ft ) smuggling tunnel from Gaza into Egypt .
He says he 's been digging it for 18 months .
As he hauls up a plastic container of sand with an electric winch from the metre - wide tunnel shaft , he says the new underground Egyptian barrier aimed at stopping smuggling is a " joke . "
" We just cut through it using high - powered oxygen fuelled blow torches , " he says .
The Egyptian government says it began constructing the barrier along the Gaza - Egypt border last year .
When finished it is meant to be 11 km - long ( seven miles ) , stretching down 18 m ( 59 ft ) underground .
According to Egypt it is made of bomb - proof , super - strength steel and is costing millions of dollars to build .
' Embarrassing '
Mohammed smiles when he hears this .
" We pay around a $ 1,000 ( �665 ) for a man with an oxygen - fuelled cutter to come and break through it .
It takes up to three weeks to cut through but we get there in the end , " he says .
If they [ Egypt ] opened the border , we would n't need to dig tunnels .
But until they do , we 'll keep digging , whatever they do to try and stop us
Mohammed , tunnel digger
Mohammed says the steel barrier is 5 - 10 cm ( 2 - 4in ) thick .
The BBC spoke to one man in Gaza employed to cut through the barrier .
He said he could cut a metre - square hole through it in less than a day .
This news will be embarrassing for Egypt 's government .
Encouraged by the United States which gives millions of dollars in military aid to Egypt every year , it says it is trying to crack down on smuggling into Gaza .
The BBC asked the Egyptian government to comment on the fact that Gazans were already cutting through the barrier .
The government has not yet responded .
Sheep and shampoo
The Palestinian territory has been under a tightened Israeli and Egyptian economic blockade since 2007 when the Hamas Islamist movement took over the territory .
The blockade was enforced to put pressure on Hamas and to stop weapons being smuggled in .
Little attempt is made to keep the tunnels secret
Egypt 's secular government is opposed to Hamas , which has historical ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , the main opposition movement in Egypt which is illegal but largely tolerated .
Many Gazans are angry with the Egyptian government , which - they say - is increasing their suffering .
The blockade has meant that Gaza is to a great extent dependent on the smuggling tunnels from Egypt .
Millions of dollars worth of goods are smuggled in every month .
Everything from fridges to fans , sheep to shampoo comes through the tunnels .
The BBC even obtained video footage this year of whole brand - new cars being dragged through tunnels from Egypt .
The UN estimates that as much as 80 % of imports into Gaza come through the tunnels .
Big business
The tunnels are not at all hard to find .
In the southern Gazan town of Rafah , right on the border , there are lines of them covered by white tents .
Little attempt is made to keep them secret .
They are surrounded by huge mounds of sandy earth which have been dug out of the ground .
The air is thick with diesel fuel from the trucks that transport the goods across the Gaza strip .
The openness of the smuggling operation suggests that if Israel and Egypt really wanted to stop the tunnels they could easily do so .
Israel has at times bombed some of the tunnels , but has stopped short of totally shutting them down .
Aid agencies in Gaza say that if Israel or Egypt really forced the smuggling to stop , it would lead to an even more desperate humanitarian situation in Gaza which would be damaging to Israel 's and Egypt 's international reputations .
Diplomats in the region also believe that so much money is being made in Egypt from the trade through the tunnels that much of the smuggling is likely to continue .
But the head of operations in Gaza for the UN relief agency Unrwa , John Ging , says that ordinary people in Gaza are losing out .
" Everything is expensive because people are hostage to the dynamics of a black market . "
Mr Ging stressed that it was the Israeli - Egyptian blockade that was allowing that black market to thrive .
The UN does not use illegal goods and building materials smuggled in through from Egypt .
If the blockade remains in place it seems the tunnel industry will continue to thrive , underground steel barrier or not .
" If they opened the border , we would n't need to dig tunnels , " says Mohammed peering into the shaft of his tunnel in Rafah .
" But until they do , we 'll keep digging , whatever they do to try and stop us . "
" Every problem has a solution , " he smiles .
Clips from the pilot of " Sh*t My Days Says , " the first show to make the jump from Twitter to TV , have been released .
William Shatner has the starring role in the new sitcom .
We 'll leave you to judge whether the show will be a hit or a miss , but the series has already run into controversy :
The Parents Television Council has condemned CBS for including a swear word in the title , despite promises that the network will bleep the word out .
PTC President Tim Winter said in an email statement , “ CBS intentionally chose to insert an expletive into the actual name of a show , and , despite its claim that the word will be bleeped , it is just CBS ’ latest demonstration of its contempt for families and the public . "
The PTC says it will " wage an unrelenting campaign " against advertisers who choose to support the sitcom .
What do you think ?
Will the show flop or fly ?
And are parents ' groups right to protest the show 's name ?
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - Iran has accused the United States of abusing its position as the host of the United Nations by denying a visa to the Islamic Republic ’s deputy foreign minister , according to a letter released on Friday .
Iran ’s letter to the U.N. Committee on Relations with the Host Country said Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal and International Affairs Mohammad Mehdi Akhondzadeh Basti was repeatedly denied a visa by U.S. authorities .
In the letter , Iran ’s U.N. Ambassador Mohammad Khazaee said Washington ’s refusal to issue an entry visa to Tehran ’s top official overseeing its relations with the United Nations kept him from attending events like the May 3 - 28 review conference on the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , where Iran ’s atomic program is a key topic of discussion .
Khazaee said U.S. authorities were misusing the country ’s status as the seat of the United Nations headquarters “ as political leverage to advance their political agenda against certain countries . ”
He said it was “ nothing short of calculated political intimidation and pressure ” which he said “ impairs the very foundations of multilateral diplomacy . ”
In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley declined to comment on Akhondzadeh Basti ’s visa .
“ Visa decisions are confidential , ” he told reporters .
Akhondzadeh Basti previously headed Iran ’s diplomatic missions to Pakistan , Germany and the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna .
As the host of U.N. headquarters , the United States has pledged to issue entry visas to officials from U.N. member states , though it can and does deny entry permits to foreign officials for many reasons , such as failure to meet deadlines or provide proper documentation , or if espionage is suspected .
Washington issued Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a visa to attend the opening of the nuclear arms treaty review conference earlier this month , though it has denied Iranian officials visas in the past , prompting complaints from Tehran .
The United States cut off diplomatic relations with Iran in 1980 during a hostage crisis .
For the last eight years Washington and Tehran have been locked in an escalating standoff over Iran ’s nuclear program , which Western powers fear is aimed at producing atomic weapons .
Tehran says its nuclear program is entirely peaceful and will produce electricity , not bombs .
Earlier this week the United States submitted a draft resolution to the U.N. Security Council that would impose a fourth round of U.N. sanctions against Iran for refusing to halt its enrichment program .
The draft was agreed with Russia , China , Britain , France and Germany .
1 . The argument that the tariff is warranted because Brazil subsidizes their domestic ethanol .
2 . The argument that the tariff is ineffective in any case as there is a “ Caribbean loophole . ”
In Understanding the Ethanol Tariff Issue I discussed the argument that the ethanol tariff is needed in order to prevent U.S. tax dollars from subsidizing imported ethanol .
Here I discuss two other issues :
In order to better understand the intricacies of the issues in involved , I have discussed various aspects with several organizations , including the Global Subsidies Initiative .
The ethanol lobbying organization Growth Energy issued the following press release in response to Brazil ’s decision to ( temporarily ) drop their ethanol tariffs :
Growth Energy Responds to Brazilian Ethanol Import Tariff Cut
“ We would not support reducing the U.S. import tariff , despite whatever Brazil is temporarily doing , because Brazilian ethanol already enjoys generous subsidies from the Brazilian government and to provide them access to additional subsidies from the U.S. government makes no sense , ” said Growth Energy CEO Tom Buis .
Interesting admission from them that the VEETC ( the US Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit , currently at $ .45 / gallon ) is a subsidy .
Have n’t they stated again and again that it is n’t a subsidy , but a tax credit ?
Is n’t that a core mantra of Growth Energy – never say “ subsidy ? ”
Further , given their argument that a tariff is justified if Brazil subsidizes their ethanol , I wonder if they would agree with that reasoning if countries apply a tariff to ethanol imports coming from the U.S. ?
But this is an important issue :
The possibility - as Growth Energy suggested - that Brazilian ethanol receives generous subsidies from their government .
If that is the case , then I agree that this may be a legitimate reason to have a tariff on imported ethanol .
So I asked Joel Valesco , Chief Representative in North America for the Brazilian Sugarcane Industry Association ( UNICA ) about specific subsidies Brazil provides for their ethanol production .
Here is a portion of his response :
I ’d love to see Growth Energy substantiate that claim .
Bottom line is that there are no generous subsidies today – they are a thing of the past that ended back in the 1980s .
And if you want to study the incentives back in the 80s , you will find that they pale in comparison with U.S. biofuels support ( e.g. , by 2000 , before ethanol was used in any scale of five years before the RFS , the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) said that these subsidies had topped $ 11 billion . )
The only things that a purist would consider “ subsidies ” are credit lines that the Brazilian Development Bank ( BNDES ) provides to finance new projects and lower sales tax rates in some states .
The financing is provided on a competitive basis – domestic or foreign investor – and the interest rates are close to 10 % per year , far higher than any rates offered in the U.S.
In other words , if high interests are subsidies , hell , we ’re guilty .
Also , some Brazilian states ( 3 of 27 ) charge a lower VAT ( Value Added Tax ) on hydrous ethanol sold to Flex - Fuel cars compared to VAT imposed on gasoline at the pump .
That ’s a savings to consumers in that state and does not apply to ethanol exports .
I certainly think this is a topic worthy of discussion .
If Growth Energy is going to claim , “ Brazilian ethanol already enjoys generous subsidies from the Brazilian government , ” then perhaps it might be helpful if they would put together a list .
It may very well be that they are correct , but the remedy for that situation would not be a tariff .
An import tariff is applied broadly .
If a country does not subsidize their ethanol in any form they could still be subject to the same penalty as a country that does .
So the proper remedy in this situation would be a countervailing duty .
There are specific rules in place under World Trade Organization rules that are there specifically to offset the impact of subsidies .
The second issue is that I have frequently heard is that Brazil bypasses the tariff anyway by routing their ethanol through the Caribbean basin , dehydrating it , and then sending it to the U.S. I once again asked Joel Velasco about this :
Countries in the Caribbean receive preferential trade access by the United States , generally referred to as the Caribbean Basin Initiative ( CBI ) .
In a nutshell , CBI countries do n’t pay the tariff on ethanol that they process ( i.e. dehydrate ) up to a limit of 7 % of U.S. ethanol consumption .
For details , see page 19 of this Powerpoint by Doug Newman at the U.S. International Trade Commission ( ITC ) .
As an example , Jamaica imports HYDROUS ( with 5 % water content ) ethanol from Brazil and removes that water in Jamaica to turn it into ANHYDROUS ethanol ( nearly 0 % water ) .
Then the ANHYDROUS ethanol can enter the U.S. as if it were Jamaican product under the trade preferences .
The problem with that is that Jamaica ( not picking on them , just an example ) , like the rest of the Caribbean , is a net energy importer .
So , to run their dehydration facility ( click here for a Google Maps of one , Jamaica Broilers ) they must import fuel from somewhere .
Jamaica gets most of its oil from Venezuela and Mexico .
That means more emissions ( EPA modeled that in their Renewable Fuel Standard ) , but also more costs .
So , instead of paying 54 cents per gallon to import Brazilian ethanol , we are incentivized to pay 30 cents per gallon ( that ’s the average cost according to most ethanol traders ) to turn Brazilian ( hydrous ) ethanol into Jamaican ( anhydrous ) ethanol .
Nuts , huh ?
But Sen. Grassley ( R - IA ) seems to think it ’s a good program .
For background , remember when we dehydrate ethanol in Brazil , we do n’t use oil , but instead the cogeneration of the bagasse ( byproduct ) into steam and electricity -- more energy efficient , less emissions .
On cogeneration benefits , read my comments to EPA ’s RFS and California ’s Air Resources Board ( CARB ) .
Again , I am not trying to answer the question here of exactly what we are trying to accomplish with our tariff policy .
This is not a discussion of who receives subsidies or whether they are warranted .
It is simply an attempt to cut through the charges and countercharges on this tariff issue by various interest groups , and shed some light on the implications of the policy .
GREAT RED SPOT , JUPITER — Alarmed by the growing quantities of harmful nitrides in their planet ’s atmosphere , Jupiter ’s liberals are encouraging their fellow sentient ammonia - helium tornado beings to take measures to reduce their ammonia footprint .
“ There are little things all of us can do to minimize our negative impact on our climate , ” thought - pulsed a spokesman for the progressive advocacy group Jupiter Action Coalition .
“ Buy your gleemie at a local farmers market , unplug your zorksnax when you ’re not using them , and remember the three Rs of environmental conservation : ryzzengak , rokklegorkensplark , and recycle . ”
Jovian conservatives , however , are reportedly decrying the ammonia reduction efforts as a waste of time , pointing to the fact that this past winter was a typical minus 135 degrees Celsius and that Jupiter ’s so - called “ climate change ” is just a myth .
Advertisement
A day after beating incumbent Arlen Specter in a Pennsylvania Democratic Senate primary contest , Rep. Joe Sestak announced that he would make " enforcement of the pay - as - you - go budget rules " a priority if he wins in November .
Good luck to him .
Pay - as - you - go , or paygo , rules require that new entitlement spending and new tax cuts must be paid for dollar - for - dollar with entitlement spending cuts or tax increases .
As Paul Ryan , the ranking Republican member of the House Budget Committee has noted , the Democrats under Speaker Nancy ...
HTC just let us know that their team has been able to replicate the browser privacy issue we posted about a couple of days ago .
Here ’s the official statement :
HTC has identified the root cause of the DROID Incredible not deleting web page thumbnails after a factory reset , and is creating an update which will eliminate this issue .
This will be distributed through a software maintenance release that will be pushed to devices in the near future .
Until this time , consumers who wish to manually delete these thumbnails can do so by following these steps :
1 ) Go to the “ Settings ” menu
2) Select “ SD Card and Phone Storage ”
3 ) Select “ Format Phone Storage ”
* NOTE *
This will delete all files in internal storage , including music and image files .
So these files should be backed up before taking these steps .
Other Android devices with HTC Sense , like the DROID Eris , save these thumbnails to the SD card , instead of internal memory , so users can easily keep this information from being shared simply by removing the SD card from their device before trading in the device , sending in for repair , etc .
" Stop us if you 've heard this one before : there 's a new report that Verizon may soon offer Apple 's iPhone , ending AT&T's US exclusivity for the überpopular handset . "
That 's the opening sentence of a Reg article from exactly one week ago .
And it works equally well for the news item you 're reading right now .
This Tuesday , Bloomberg reported that " two people familiar with [ Verizon 's ] plans " but " who declined to be named because the information is n't public " said that the iPhone will be available on Verizon 's service beginning in January .
Last week 's rumor was based on a research report by a Barclay 's analyst who said that Verizon would " probably " begin offering the iPhone in early 2011 .
The Reg was skeptical — not the least because iPhone - on - Verizon rumors have become something of a cottage industry over the years .
But this new Bloomberg - based rumor appears to have a bit more gravitas .
That said , it remains a rumor — and , as might be guessed , neither Apple nor Verizon spokesfolks were willing to comment about such speculation .
The two companies have undoubtedly discussed Verizon 's iPhone future — they'd be foolish not to , seeing as how one of the weakest elements of the iPhone ecosystem in the US is AT&T 's spotty service .
As one analyst told Bloomberg : " The fact is , Apple is going to dramatically increase the number of devices it sells in the US when exclusivity at AT&T ends , " UBS AG analyst John Hodulik said .
" It 's hard to ignore the quality issues that AT&T has faced . "
The same analyst is of the opinion that Verizon customers could buy up to three million Verizon iPhones per quarter .
That 'd be good news for Verizon , good news for Apple — and , in a way , good news for AT&T , whose service quality and corporate image have been thrashed by iPhone users ' data traffic and vociferous grumblings .
Yes , talks between Verizon and Apple are likely underway , but nothing except multiple speculative rumblings have ever reached the hoi polloi .
And so The Reg remains skeptical — but , it must be said , a wee bit less skeptical than we were last week . ®
w
What 's new
Top row : Froyo ( first with HQ enabled , then without ; bottom row : Eclair ( same settings on both screens )
Camera : Controls are now more streamlined within the viewing window and much easier to sift through .
Controls are now more streamlined within the viewing window and much easier to sift through .
Gmail : Previous and Next navigation in every viewed message , and a much more colorful means of sifting through labels .
Previous and Next navigation in every viewed message , and a much more colorful means of sifting through labels .
Calendar :
The large green bars that took up much of the calendar space have been thoroughly fine - tuned into blue segments more indicative of the actual hour of day for each event .
The large green bars that took up much of the calendar space have been thoroughly fine - tuned into blue segments more indicative of the actual hour of day for each event .
Voice recognition settings :
Does voice search have a perceived issue with your accent or colloquialisms ?
New options for voice recognition let you choose seven different dialects of English ( US , Canada , UK , Australia , New Zealand , India , and Generic ) , Mandarin Chinese , and Japanese .
The latter worked quite well in testing , producing accurate Kanji for our horribly strewn together phrases .
Does voice search have a perceived issue with your accent or colloquialisms ?
New options for voice recognition let you choose seven different dialects of English ( US , Canada , UK , Australia , New Zealand , India , and Generic ) , Mandarin Chinese , and Japanese .
The latter worked quite well in testing , producing accurate Kanji for our horribly strewn together phrases .
Security : Sick of locking your device with a pattern ?
PIN codes are now accepted .
Sick of locking your device with a pattern ?
PIN codes are now accepted .
Car dock : A revamped interface spaces out the buttons , adds quick shortcuts to music and lighting adjustment , but decides it 's probably for the best to disable the hardware home button in lieu of an easier - to - press " Exit car mode " screen key .
Flash Player 10.1
The first thing you 'll notice with Froyo is a slightly modified navigation bar that assimilates shortcuts for both the phone and web browser .
The Google search bar has undergone a slight modification , too , letting you cater your search specifically to web , apps , or contacts -- and that 's about it for home screen modifications .
No extra wallpapers , no additional screens , no new shortcuts .
As for new widgets , all we 've seen are a tutorial box and a rotating ad for featured marketplace apps .
Well , what do you know ?
Even seeing the settings sub - menu for tethering and portable WiFi hotspot functionality did n't completely convince us , but sure enough , we logged on to AT&T's 3G network without any issues .
Security options are limited at this point -- it 's WPA2 PSK or bust -- but that should be more than enough when your DSL goes on the fritz or you 're stuck in traffic and need to do some heavy emailing .
Let 's see how long the carriers turn a blind eye on this one .
The only other stock widget , aside from Google search , that had any noticeable change was YouTube , which now scrolls through a set of most viewed videos to entice and distract you on passing glances .
The player itself , however , beams a shiny new " HQ " button on the bottom right of the screen .
But before you go gloating to your EVO 4G - carrying pals , you should know that in our tests the higher - res option by and large matched the default ( and thus far only ) video option for Android 2.1 Eclair , and non-HQ was even more scaled down , and did n't even span the entire width of the 3.7 - inch screen .
And to think , the sight of that button alone gave us such jubilation .
( As a number of readers have pointed out , this change is nothing more than semantics -- the Nexus One does have the same low - quality option buried inside menus . )
While support for apps on external storage is presumably intended for Froyo ( the Manage Applications screen is now divided amongst Downloaded , Running , All , and most importantly , " On SD card " ) , try as we might , we could n't find a single program that 'd let us use the " Move to SD card " functionality .
That includes marketplace and third - party downloads -- we 'll have to explore this one later .
Some of the other highlights , briefly :
We have to say , it 's really something to have a mobile browser that does n't pop up little cubes with question marks all over the web , but we found that rediscovering Flash was much like reuniting with a high school friend ; at first you 've so much to catch up on , but then you realize how far you 've grown apart .
Adobe 's pre-vetted list of Flash - enabled sites do a good job of showing off the technology , but we still can't help but think the interactive elements still have a lot of catching up to do .
As for video , the stream is good quality but gets fairly choppy -- especially when you check out something " not optimized for mobile viewing . "
Some of the HTML5 footage we 've seen via the same device shows up in crisper detail and fluidity .
Battery and heat are also of concern : the pre-release beta we have , according to Adobe , lacks hardware acceleration .
Ergo , our beloved handset got piping hot after about 30 minutes of heavy video watching , and the battery indicator in the upper right had a sizable dent .
Oil spill cleanup worker commits suicide
By Hiram Lee
26 June 2010
The suicide of a charter boat captain from Alabama who had been working on one of BP ’s cleanup crews in the Gulf of Mexico is a tragic indicator of the toll the Deepwater Horizon spill has taken on people in the region .
William Allen Kruse , 55 , had been a charter boat captain in the area for 26 years .
He ran a small business in which he hired his boats out to tourists and other clients for fishing in the Gulf .
As a result of the oil spill , Kruse , like so many in the commercial fishing and tourism industry throughout the region , found himself out of work .
As Kruse told CBS in a televised interview last month , “ The day that the oil entered the Gulf my phone quit ringing . ”
Like many fisherman and small charter boat business owners whose livelihoods have been stripped away , Kruse had no other choice but to go to work for BP , the very company responsible for the disaster .
Under BP ’s cynically named “ Vessels of Opportunity ” program , in which local boat operators are hired to assist in the cleanup of the oil spill , Kruse found work laying oil containment booms in the contaminated waters .
He spent the last two weeks of his life doing cleanup work for the oil giant .
Family members say Kruse was owed as much as $ 70,000 for his work , but he had not yet received any payment from BP at the time of his death .
On Wednesday , while getting his boat “ The Rookie ” ready to sail out for the day ’s work , Kruse sent his crew out on an errand with plans to meet up with them soon after .
When he did not show up , the crew went to check on him and found his body in the boat ’s wheelhouse with a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
Coroner Stan Vinson , who worked on the case , reported , “ Witnesses told investigators that Kruse had been upset about the loss of business caused by the closing of fishing grounds and public perceptions of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill . ”
Vinson added , “ All the waters are closed .
There ’s no charter business anymore .
You go out on some of the beaches now , with the oil , you ca n’t even get in the water .
It ’s really crippled the tourism and fishing industry here . ”
Friends and family who have spoken out on Kruse ’s death have described the strain caused by going to work for the very company whose criminal actions destroyed their jobs in the first place .
A deckhand working on Kruse ’s boat told the Washington Post on Wednesday , “ We ’re helping cover up the lie .
We ’re burying ourselves .
We ’re helping them cover up the [ expletive ] that ’s putting us out of work . ”
Kruse ’s brother Frank told the Washington Post , “ There ’s no question in my mind that this is directly related to the oil spill .
He had been losing weight .
Every day he was worried . ”
Frank Kruse said his brother “ was very , very upset at the way BP was handling the oil spill .
There was a lot of wasted money , a lot of wasted time .
They ’d give him a different story of what needed to be done . ”
Kruse ’s brother Marc told CNN that the cleanup effort was “ madness . ”
He added , “ It ’s just a dog and pony show .
Send [ the boats ] out .
Ride around .
Let everybody see them .
Bring them back in . ”
The suicide is one expression of the growing emotional and mental health consequence of the spill .
The sudden loss of jobs and the destruction of the waters on which Gulf - area workers have made their living for decades are leaving their mark .
Many families are now depending on compensation checks issued by BP to replace income lost as a result of the spill .
Several of those receiving checks have complained they sometimes arrive as late as eight days after they are due , forcing families to struggle without sufficient financial resources .
In Kruse ’s home state of Alabama , incidences of domestic violence have risen dramatically since the spill .
Bayou La Batre Mayor Stan Wright told the BBC that reports of domestic violence have increased by 320 percent , while calls coming into police stations have risen by 110 percent .
In Louisiana , suicide prevention hotlines reported a rise from 400 calls coming in on June 7 , to 2,400 calls on June 24 .
The psychological trauma caused by the Deepwater Horizon disaster resembles the aftermath of the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill .
A 1993 study of the psychological effects of that disaster called “ Community patterns of psychiatric disorders after the Exxon Valdez oil spill ” found significant increases in depression and anxiety .
The study surveyed 599 men and women from 13 Alaskan communities one year after the spill and found that 20.2 percent of those surveyed suffered from generalized anxiety disorder , while 9.4 percent suffered from post traumatic stress disorder .
The study used the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale to examine the prevalence of depression among the communities and found 16.6 percent of those surveyed scored higher than 16 on the scale while 14.4 percent scored higher than 18 , both results indicating widespread depression .
The report drew the conclusion , “ The results suggest that the oil spill ’s impact on the psychosocial environment was as significant as its impact on the physical environment . ”
Workers in the Gulf of Mexico are now facing the same difficulties .
Dr. Howard Osofsky , a psychiatrist from Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center , speaking at a hearing before the US Institute of Medicine on Tuesday , said of those affected by the Deepwater Horizon disaster , “ We ’re already having reports of increased drinking , anxiety , anger and avoidance . ”
On Friday , April 30th 2010 , an anonymous caller contacted the Mark Levin Show to clarify the events that preceded the Deepwater Horizon tragedy .
Rigzone has transcribed this broadcast for your convenience .
To hear the actual radio broadcast please visit www.MarkLevinShow.com.
Mark : Dallas Texas WBAP .
Go right ahead , sir .
James :
Just want to clear up a few things with the Petroleum Engineer , everything he said was correct .
I was actually on the rig when it exploded and was at work .
Mark : Alright , let 's slow down .
Wait , hold on , slow down , so you were working on this rig when it exploded ?
James :
Yes sir .
Mark : OK , go ahead .
James :
We had set the bottom cement plug for the inner casing string , which was the production liner for the well , and had set what 's called a seal assembly on the top of the well .
At that point , the BOP stack that he was talking about , the blow out preventer was tested .
I do n't know the results of that test ; however , it must have passed because at that point they elected to displace the risers -- the marine riser from the vessel to the sea floor .
They displaced the mud out of the riser preparing to unlatch from the well two days later and they displaced it with sea water .
When they concluded the BOP stack test and the inner liner , they concluded everything was good .
Mark :
Let me slow you down , let me slow you down .
So they do all these tests to make sure the infrastructure can handle what 's about to happen , right ?
James : Correct , we 're testing the negative pressure and positive pressure of the well , the casing and the actual marine riser .
Mark : OK , I 'm with you .
Go ahead .
James : Alright , after the conclusion of the test , they simply opened the BOP stack back up .
Mark :
And the test , as best as you know , was sufficient ?
James :
It should have been , yes sir .
They would have never opened it back up .
Mark : OK next step , go ahead .
James :
Next step , they opened the annular , the upper part of the BOP stack
Mark :
Which has what purpose ?
Why do you do that ?
James :
So that you can gain access back to the wellbore .
Mark : OK
James :
When you close the stack , it 's basically a humongous hydraulic valve that closes off everything from below and above .
It 's like a gate valve on the sea floor .
Mark : OK
James :
That 's a very simplistic way of explaining a BOP .
It 's a very complicated piece of equipment .
Mark : Basically , it 's like a plug .
But go ahead .
James : Correct .
Once they open that plug to go ahead and start cementing the top of the well ( the well bore ) , we cement the top , and then basically we would pull off .
Another rig would slide over and do the rest of the completions work .
When they opened the well is when the gas well kicked , and we took a humongous gas bubble kick up through the well bore .
It literally pushed the sea water all the way to the crown of the rig , which is about 240 feet in the air .
Mark : OK , so gas got into it and blew the top off of it .
James : Right .
Mark :
Now do n't hang up .
I want to continue with you because I want to ask you some questions related to this , OK ?
Including , has this sort of thing ever happened before , and why you think it may have happened , OK ?
Mark : Alright , back to James , that 's not his real name , Dallas WBAP .
I 'm not going to give the working title of what you did there either , James , but I wanted to finish .
So , the gentleman was right about the point that obviously some gas got into the , I 'll call it the funnel , OK ?
James : Correct , and that 's not uncommon , Mark .
Anytime you 're drilling an oil well , there is a constant battle between the mud weight , the drilling fluid that we use to maintain pressure , and the wellbore itself .
There 's a balance .
The well is pushing gas one way and you are pushing mud the other way .
So there is a delicate balance that has to be maintained at all times to keep the gas from coming back in , what we call the kicks .
You know , we always get gas back in the mud , but the goal of the whole situation is to try to control the kick .
Not allow the pressure to differentiate between the vessel and the wellbore .
Mark :
Well , in this case , obviously , too much gas got in .
James : Correct , and this well had a bad history of producing lots of gas .
It was touch and go a few times and was not terribly uncommon .
You ’re almost always going to get gas back from a well .
We have systems to deal with the gas , however .
Mark :
So , what may have happened here ?
James :
Well , the sheer volume and pressure of gas that hit all at once which was more than the safeties and controls we had in place could handle .
Mark :
And that ’s like a mistake on somebody 's part or maybe its just Mother Nature every now and then kicks up , or what ?
James : Mother Nature every now and then kicks up .
The pressures that we 're dealing with out there , drilling deeper , deeper water , deeper overall volume of the whole vessel itself , you ’re dealing with 30 to 40 thousand pounds per square inch range -- serious pressures .
Mark :
Not to offend you , but we just verified that you are who you are , which I 'm sure you already knew that .
I would like to hold you over to the next hour because I would like to ask a few more questions about this , as well as what happened exactly after the explosion , during the explosion and after .
Can you wait with us ?
James :
Sure , I do n't know how much of that I can share , but I 'll do my best .
Mark : Alright , well I do n't want to get you in trouble .
So if you can stay , fine , but if you can't , we understand .
Part 2 of Mark 's Interview :
Mark :
We are talking to a caller under an assumed name who was on the rig when it blew up , and we 've been talking about how it happened .
And now James , I want to take you to the point of when it happened .
What exactly happened ?
Where were you standing ?
James :
Well obviously , the gas blew the sea water out of the riser , once it displaced all of the sea water , the gas began to spill out on the deck and up through the center of the rig floor .
The rig , you have to imagine a rectangle , about 400 feet by 300 feet , with the derrick and the rig floor sitting directly in the center .
As this gas is now heavier than air , it starts to settle in different places .
From that point , something ignited the gas , which would have caused the first major explosion .
Mark : Now , what might ignite the gas , do you know ?
James :
Any number of things , Mark .
All rig floor equipment is what they consider intrinsically safe , meaning it cannot generate a spark , so that these types of accidents cannot occur .
However , as much gas that came out as fast as it did , it would have spilled over the entire rig fairly rapidly , you know , within a minute .
I would think that the entire rig would be enveloped in gas .
Now a lot of this stuff , you can't smell , you can't taste it , it 's just there , and it 's heavier than oxygen .
As it settled in , it could have made it to a space that was n't intrinsically safe .
Something as simple as static electricity could have ignited the first explosion , which set off a series of explosions .
Mark : Alright , so what happened ?
You 're standing where ?
You 're sitting somewhere ?
What happened ?
James :
Well , I was in a location that was a pretty good ways from the initial blast .
I was n't affected by the blast .
I was able to make it out and get up forward where the life boats were .
The PA system was still working .
There was an announcement overhead that this was NOT a drill .
Obviously , we have fire drills every single week to prepare for emergencies like this ( fire and abandonment drills ) .
Over the intercom came the order to report to life boats one and two , that this was not a drill , that there is a fire , and we proceeded that way .
Mark :
So , the eleven men who died , were they friends of yours ?
James :
Yes sir , they were .
Mark :
Did they die instantly ?
James : I would have to assume so .
Yes , sir .
I would think that they were directly inside the bomb when it went off , the gas being the bomb .
Mark :
So , the bomb being the gas explosion ?
James : Correct .
They would have been in the belly of the beast .
Mark :
Now , let me ask you , and we have to be careful what we say because there are people that will run wild with ideas , so I just want to make sure
James : Sure .
Mark :
So , let me ask you this , why would the government send in a SWAT team to a rig ?
What ’s that all about ?
James :
Well , believe it or not , its funny you would mention that .
Transocean , the drilling company , maintains a SWAT team and that 's their sole purpose .
They 're experts in their field .
The BOP , the blowout preventer , they call that subsea equipment .
They have their own SWAT teams that they send out to the rigs to service and maintain that equipment .
Mark :
Yeah but I 'm talking about what are interior SWAT teams ?
What is that ?
James :
The interior , from the government now , I do n't have an idea about that , that 's beyond me .
The other gentleman also mentioned the USGS that comes out and does the surveys .
I 've been on that particular rig for three years , offshore for five years , and I 've seen a USGS one time .
What we do have on a very regular basis is the MMS , which is the Minerals Management Service .
Mark :
They 're all under the interior department .
James : OK .
Yes .
As a matter of fact , we were commended for our inspection record from the MMS .
We are actually receiving an award from them for the highest level of safety and environmental awareness .
Mark :
Well , I thought you were going to receive that award .
Did n't they put it on hold ?
James :
No , we have actually received that award .
We received it last year .
We may have been ready to receive it again this year .
Mark :
Let me ask you this , so the life boats , how did you get into these life boats ?
Where are these life boats ?
James :
There are actually four life boats - two forward and two on the left , depending on where the emergency or the tragedy has taken place .
Mark :
Did you wind up jumping in the water to get in to the life boat ?
Sometimes you have to do that .
James : I 'll just say that there were five to seven individuals that jumped and the rest went down in the life boats .
Mark :
Alright , I wo n't ask because you do n't want to identify yourself that clearly .
Good point .
How fast were the rescue efforts ?
How fast did they reach you ?
James :
It is common to have a very large work boat standing by , to bring tools out , groceries , and supplies ; it 's a constant turn around .
So we actually have a very large vessel real close by .
It was actually along the side with the hose attached , taking mud off of our vessel on its own .
It had to emergency disconnect and then pull out about a mile to stand by for rescue efforts .
So , it was fairly quick .
Mark :
How quick till the Coast Guard got there ?
James : Mark , it 's hard to say , between 45 minutes to an hour is when I recall seeing the first helicopter .
Mark :
Which is actually pretty fast because you are 130 miles offshore right ?
James : Correct .
If you look at the nearest spill of land which would be Grand Isle , Louisiana , somewhere in that area , we were only about maybe 50 miles where the crew flies up .
From civilization , such as New Orleans , it would be 200 miles .
The helicopter was more than likely 80 to 100 miles away .
Mark :
You are going to be beset by lawyers , with the government , and others looking for an opportunity to make money .
It 's going to get very , very ugly and the officials going there have really no backgrounds or experience ...
I mean , to what extent is that going to help anything ?
It 's silly .
James :
To me it seems knee jerk .
The number one focus right now is containment .
I like the idea about the boom .
They are going to try to lower it down into the water to capture the leak .
Mark :
How long might that take ?
I 've been reading about this boom and it says that it could take 30 days to do that .
James :
It very well could .
You have to remember that this is a challenging environment .
You know its 5,000 feet deep , there 's a tangled wreck of a rig with the marine riser still connected and twisted into a big wad down there .
So it 's going to take some time to get all that stuff in place .
The engineering has to be there ; obviously they do n't want to rush into it .
You want to move it expediently but you are risking the lives of those men that are going to go out there and try to attempt it - that ’s just not right .
Mark : I was just going say that .
That 's very dangerous , I mean extremely dangerous .
James : Absolutely , absolutely .
There will be oil .
There will be natural gases .
All the same things that caused us to explode are still present , and they 're there .
The pressure had been cut off dramatically , from the simple fact of the folding of the riser .
Basically take this big garden hose and kink it several times .
Mark :
How old is this rig ?
How long has it been there ?
James :
It was put in service in 2001 .
It 's a fairly new rig .
Mark :
And , what is the sense in shutting down every rig in the Gulf of Mexico in response to this ?
James : Absolutely senseless , whatsoever .
This literally could very well be a once in a lifetime freak accident , or it could be negligence .
That 's for other people to figure out .
From my position , it just seems like every now and then , you can't win against Mother Nature .
She throws a curve ball that you are not prepared for .
Mark :
But to shut down every rig in response to this ?
I mean ...
I 'm not sure why .
James :
The BOP tests are literally mandated from the Mineral Management Service and they are conducted like clockwork .
I mean , if any of those tests ever failed , they would have immediately stopped operations , sealed the well up , pulled the BOP stack back up on the deck , which is 48 hours minimum , and made the necessary repairs or replacement parts , and then would get it back down , re-connect , re-test , and keep testing it , until it passed or kept on repairing it until it passed .
Mark :
So this was a… I mean this must have been harrowing to you .
I mean to experience something like this .
James :
That ’s putting it mildly .
Mark :
Anything else you want to tell me ?
James :
No , I just got into the truck to make a short trip and I heard a gentleman say something about possible terrorism and I want to put that to bed now .
I understand you have a large audience .
I appreciate your point of view .
I try to listen to you as much as I can , the terrorism call just needs to leave everyone 's minds and let 's focus on the 11 men that are dead and the survivors .
That 's where the focus of this country needs to be right now .
Mark :
Alright my friend , we wish you all the best and I tell you that it 's really God 's blessing that you survived , it really is .
James :
Yes sir , I completely agree .
Mark : Alright James , thank you very much for calling and we appreciate it .
James :
Thank you , Mark .
Mark : Alright , God bless .
Since taking office last year , the Mr Obama 's efforts to broker an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal have faltered badly .
Trust between the two sides has all but evaporated in a row over Mr Netanyahu 's Jewish settlement policy in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which also triggered a noxious row between Israel and the United States .
Aaron Schock has nothing to be worried about but do Darrell Issa & Steve King still fear this woman ?
What does Alan Grayson have in common with right - wing fanatics John Mica , Jeff Miller , Allen Boyd , Vern Buchanan , the Diaz - Balart Brothers , Bill Posey and Howdy Doody Nimrod ?
Well , sure they 're all members of Congress from Florida -- as are Corrine Brown , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , Kendrick Meek , Alcee Hastings , Suzanne Kosmas , Cathy Castor , Ted Deutch , and Ron Klein .
All of them were co-sponsors of Grayson 's resolution today to honor Rollins College in Winter Park , Florida as it celebrated it 's 125th anniversary , the top liberal arts Master 's degree - granting educational institution in the South .
And perhaps if Liz Cheney -- or even Mary Cheney -- had graduated from there , instead of professional tennis player Dorothy Cheney , Congress would have voted unanimously to pass the resolution .
Instead 132 Republicans joined all 239 Democrats voting YES , passing H Res 1169 371-36 .
In the end , every single Florida Republican voted for it , even the ones who did n't co-sponsor it .
These kinds of pro-forma resolutions ... well , it 's just a harmless form of congressional courtesy .
Ten minutes earlier there had been a unanimous vote to pass Mike Honda 's resolution celebrating Asian / Pacific American Heritage Month and a few minutes before that another unanimous vote for Ike Skelton 's resolution " recognizing and honoring the courage and sacrifice of the members of the Armed Forces and veterans . "
Charlie Melancon 's resolution honoring " the workers who perished on the Deepwater Horizon offshore oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana , extending condolences to their families , and recognizing the valiant efforts of emergency response workers at the disaster site " also passed without a single dissent .
As did Don Young 's resolution Tuesday " commending Lance Mackey on winning a record 4th straight Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race . "
It passed 411- 0 ( although three dog lovers voted " present " ) .
Now I first heard about this when a friend called me and said " Grayson introduced a bill to honor Rollins . "
My immediate reaction , knowing Grayson is , first and foremost , a Joni Mitchell devotee , was to wonder if the former Black Flag singer was born in Orlando .
I even looked it up .
He was n't ; he was born in D.C .
And then I figured out it was Rollins , which is in Grayson 's district .
The whole GOP leadership voted for it : Boehner , Cantor , McCotter , even a gratuitous asshole like Pence .
So who did n't ?
Well , let 's scrape the bottom of the GOP barrel and see what we come up with .
Car thief and prime suspect in the Toyota boondoggle , Darrell Issa ( R- CA ) , Mean Jean Schmidt , three pathetic Republican closet queens , Aaron Schock ( R- IL ) , Dana Rohrabacher and Patrick McHenry ( R - NC ) ( whose lover was involved in a triple gay murder / suicide not far from the campus a couple of years ago ) , Paul Broun ( R - GA ) , almost universally considered the least pleasant , least effect and most obnoxious member of the House , Dan Burton ( R - IN ) , the guy who painted President Clinton 's head on a pumpkin and shot at it while demanding the Navy station a ship " off the coast of Bolivia , " Steve King ( R - IA ) , sex predator John Shadegg , Lynn Westmoreland and your regular bunch of Texas secessionists and cutthroats .
Maybe they 're all just pissed off because Deborah Jeane Palfrey ( " the D.C. Madam " ) graduated from Rollins and the discovery of her escort service 's client list led to the end of the careers of countless close Cheney associates , although one infamous diaper - wearing senator is still representing wealthy special interests and family values conservatives in Louisiana .
Many people who have looked into the case realize that Cheney had Palfrey ( as well as Brandy Britton , one of the escorts ) murdered in a way to make them appear vaguely like suicides .
Still ... is that any reason to snub one of the South 's best colleges ?
After making himself ridiculous yesterday be joining 35 other GOP sociopaths to oppose the bipartisan bill to honor Rollins College , probably because he just hates or fears Alan Grayson , Georgia kook Paul Broun proposed an identical bill today to honor the University of Georgia Graduate School in Athens .
Broun is best known not only as a demented birther but for comparing President Obama to Hitler , something that even caused Georgia 's two extreme right - wing senators , Saxby Chambliss and Johnny Isakson to recoil in horror and publicly rebuke him .
He 's been on an anti-Muslim jihad so vicious and bigoted that sober and judicious Glenn Greenwald called one of the sickening stunts by him and Sue Myrick possibly " the most despicable domestic political event of the year .
" Ironically , the county he invariably loses -- and loses big -- when running for election is Clark County , some of Athens and the University of Georgia , where he is almost universally considered an embarrassment and a tragedy inflicted on them from the less enlightened parts of the district .
In any case , his resolution passed today , unanimously , of course , Grayson magnanimously joining all 244 other Democrats to vote in favor .
Labels : Alan Grayson , DC Madam , obstructionist Republicans , Paul Broun , Rollins
Since Mayor Tomás Regalado 's election , the City of Miami 's dismal budget crisis has n't improved much .
The city coffers are still being strained by high salaries for city employees and large pension payouts .
Now Commissioner Marc Sarnoff , the second most powerful elected official in the city after Regalado , is openly discussing the possibility of bankruptcy .
" We are not the only city , municipality to be going through this , " Sarnoff told a WTVJ reporter .
" It looks like Los Angeles sometime next week or the week after will be going bankrupt .
It looks like there will be 30 more cities following suit . "
While L.A. is certainly in its own budget mess , we can't find any reports that indicate for sure the city is heading into bankruptcy anytime soon .
However , Sarnoff seems to think the upside of bankruptcy would be that it would take tough financial decisions out of the hands of the elected city council and into those of a judge .
" You no longer have five people making political solutions .
You now have one person who is looking after the best interest of the taxpayer of the City of Miami , without any politics getting into his or her way . "
Sarnoff says that at this point , there are only three ways to avoid bankruptcy : Renegotiate union contracts , lay off 800 workers , or raise property taxes .
[ NBCMiami via Business Insider ]
New York ( CNN ) --
The son of actor Michael Douglas apologized to a federal judge before being sentenced to a five - year prison term Tuesday , promising to follow " the true right path " when released .
Cameron Douglas , 31 , pleaded guilty to distributing large quantities of methamphetamine and cocaine in January .
" I apologize to the court for my decisions and actions that put me in front of you today , " Douglas said in a trembling voice .
He added , " I have developed , in my mind , the idea that I want to take the right path , the true right path . "
U.S. District Judge Richard Berman rebuffed pleas by defense lawyers for a more lenient sentencing , telling the spectators that prison may be Douglas ' " last chance . "
Cameron Douglas is the son of the two - time Academy Award winner and his first wife , Diandra Luker , both of whom attended the sentencing .
As Cameron Douglas spoke , his mother was crying and his father appeared to be fighting back tears .
Douglas , who was arrested in July 2009 at a Manhattan nightclub , asked Berman " for opportunity to be a role model to my younger brothers and sisters . "
" I believe , your honor , things will be different this time , " he added .
If given a second chance , he said , " I will never squander that opportunity . "
Berman acknowledged that numerous letters sent on the defendant 's behalf by celebrities and others , but said some of the letters implied that he should not make an example of Douglas because he is the son of a famous actor .
" None acknowledged appropriately the numerous impacts to victims of society for dealing drugs , " the judge said .
Yes folks , it 's that time of year again .
Tuning World Bodensee is rolling back around and as in the past , they have released a set of pictures of the final contestants vying for the title of Miss Tuning World .
Over 500 entries were received but only 20 women chosen to compete for this coveted title .
The finalists will all make their way to Friedrichshafen to participate in photo shoots , runway appearances and interviews during the event , which takes place between May 13th and 16th .
The crown is currently held by Martina Ivezaj .
The organizer 's of the 2010 Tuning World Bodensee event had this to say : “ Martina Ivezaj is delighted that her pictures in the current Miss Tuning calendar have gained her international recognition .
People come up to her in the street and ask for her autograph , while at numerous races , she has rubbed shoulders with some of the biggest names in motorsport . ”
The winner at the event will receive their very own sports car and calendar shoot in North America 's Great Lakes region .
The Miss Tuning World title is a great launching point for many aspiring models .
Source : Tuning World Bodensee
Yes , the situation in the Gulf of Mexico is horrific : Brutal deaths ; hundreds of thousands of livelihoods being destroyed ; the scaring of one of our finest coastlines .
Yes , it ’s BP ’s oil .
BP ’s leaders seem impotent .
BP stands in shame .
Yes , BP ’s investors should be handing over a monumental sum : $ 20 billion , perhaps even the entire value of the business ?
But ask yourself two questions :
1 ) Where is the judicial process in what we are witnessing ?
BP could ultimately be made bankrupt by promises that are beginning to be extracted from its punch - drunk directors in closed sessions at the White House .
But that is the executive branch of government .
And Americans are rightly proud of their separation of powers — the checks and balances that lead to good government .
Where are the judges , the jurors ?
Do n’t BP shareholders also have the right to natural justice — for justice to be seen to be done ?
I am sure that Kenneth Feinberg is a good man .
But is it right that a civil servant will be left to dole out up to $ 500,000 to each plaintiff without BP having the right of appeal , from a BP escrow that has no ultimate cap .
Clearly , BP made mistakes , monumental mistakes perhaps .
But would a court of law find that it was criminally negligent ?
Or would the government and regulators also share some of the blame .
In engineering terms , BP was operating on the cutting edge of where society — and our government — expects oil companies to drill .
Importantly , BP wo n’t be driven to the edge of bankruptcy because of a leak — but because it failed to stop the leak .
And yet this week the CEO of rival ExxonMobil told Congress , " When things happen we are not well - equipped to deal with them . "
Is n’t Rex Tillerson saying the entire industry is out of its depth when he adds , " When they ( disasters ) happen , it is a fact that we ’re not well equipped to prevent any and all damage . "
Surely this is a classic case of the private sector failing , or at least of shared responsibility .
2 ) Why is there no national mobilization in response to what is a national disaster ?
The contrast with the last private sector failure is curious .
When the banking industry teetered on the brink of collapse , President 's Bush and Obama threw everything the public sector had to prevent economic depression .
This time , BP is being squarely blamed , BP is told to sort things out , BP is told to pick up the tab .
eat STRAWBERRIES
Synonymous with summer , the British strawberry season begins with the arrival of early season fruit grown under cover .
Imported strawberries , now sold for most of the year , are picked whilst slightly under -ripe to ensure that they do n't turn into mush during transportation .
However strawberries do not ripen after being picked and so imported strawberries are often hard and have an undeveloped flavour - a pale imitation of in - season British strawberries .
The flavour of strawberries can be really brought out with the addition of a simple dressing .
Gently heat some balsamic vinegar and / or orange liqueur , add an equal volume of sugar and stir to dissolve .
Allow to cool and pour a little ( less is more ) over the strawberries .
Stir well and leave at room temperature to macerate for half an hour .
Serve with , of course , plenty of cream .
HISTORY Strawberries are native to both Old and New worlds .
They have been eaten since Roman times , when they were also used medicinally to help with digestive ailments , discolored teeth and skin irritations .
The strawberries available today are derived from varieties that were originally developed in the seventeenth century .
BIOLOGY
The strawberry plant , genus Fragaria , is a member of the rose family .
Strawberries are not technically fruit , but pseudocarps ( also known as false fruit or accessory fruit ) .
A pseudocarp is a fruitlike structure consisting of tissue that is not derived from the ovary wall .
The true fruits of the strawberry plant are actually the small seeds ( achenes ) found on the outer surface .
NUTRITION
Strawberries are rich in vitamin C , manganese and folic acid .
They are a good source of ellagic acid ( a phytochemical thought to combat carcinogens ) and contain antioxidant flavonoids ( linked with protecting against heart disease , stroke and cancers ) .
TIPS BUYING
Look for berries that are unblemished and bright red with fresh - looking green leafy caps .
The fruit should be not too firm and not too soft ( there should be no dampness on the bottom of the container ) .
The scent is an indicator of quality and smaller strawberries often have more flavour .
Strawberries absorb water readily and so are best served unwashed : choose organic fruit to reduce the levels of toxins you may be ingesting .
Try seeking out a Pick - Your - Own farm or local farmers ' market to get the freshest .
STORING
Strawberries are highly perishable ; some may keep for 2 or 3 days but others will be past their best within 24 hours .
If not eating on the day of purchase , spread on a shallow plate , cover with paper towels and store in a sealed container or plastic bag in a cool place .
They can be frozen : spread unwashed strawberries in a single layer , freeze until solid and then transfer to a freezer bag .
PREPARING
If you 've bought organic strawberries you can just wipe them with a damp kitchen towel .
Non-organic strawberries should be rinsed and wiped clean .
Gently pat dry before removing the caps and white hull with a paring knife .
Serve at room temperature .
OTHER STUFF
The ancient Roman practice of using strawberries as a natural teeth whitener is still being championed today .
Josephine Fairley , author of The Ultimate Natural Beauty Book , recommends crushing a ripe strawberry with a little baking powder , brushing onto the teeth and leaving for five minutes before brushing again and rinsing .
PICK OF THE RECIPES
Sam Witwer
Smallville bad boy Sam Witwer has signed on for Syfy's U.S. remake of Being Human , according to Entertainment Weekly .
The 32 - year - old actor , who also played Crashdown on Battlestar Galactica , will portray the vampire Aidan .
Meaghan Rath ( The Assistants ) has also been cast as a ghost named Molly .
Watch full episodes of the U.K version of Being Human
Human follows three supernatural roommates who attempt to assimilate and lead normal lives .
Reps for Syfy and Witwer did not immediately respond to TVGuide. com 's request for comment .
Stunning image of what our planet looks like from the Red Planet
This stunning picture is the first image of Earth ever taken from another planet that shows our home as a planetary disc , with the Moon in the distance .
Captured by Nasa 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter as the spacecraft orbited the Red Planet , both the Earth and the Moon appear as crescents , engulfed in the vast darkness of space .
This stunning picture is the first image of Earth ever taken from another planet that shows our home as a planetary disc , with the Moon in the distance
Our planet is captured in a ' half - Earth ' phase , while the image also shows the Earth - facing hemisphere of the Moon .
Because the Earth and the Moon are closer to the Sun than Mars , they exhibit phases , just as the Moon , Venus , and Mercury do when viewed from Earth .
When the image was captured in 2007 , Earth was 88 million miles from Mars , giving the HiRISE image a scale of 88 miles per pixel .
Nasa could only picture the Earth and moon at full disk illumination when they are on the opposite side of the Sun from Mars .
However , then the range would be much greater and the image would show less detail .
On the Earth image you can make out the west coast outline of South America at lower right , although the clouds are the dominant features .
This image required a processing , with the Moon image brightened so it would show up next to Earth .
Also , he said , Uganda contributes too little .
Oil was recently discovered near Lake Albert and the government promised to spend the royalties on roads and electricity , but did not mention AIDS .
“ And now the paper says they ’re buying Russian jets , ” another official added with obvious disgust .
Uganda is negotiating for a $ 300 million squadron of Sukhoi fighter - bombers .
For doctors on the front line , the frustration is palpable .
Dr. Natasha Astill is a British AIDS specialist working at a hospital on the edges of the Bwindi Impenetrable Forest , in a mountain valley with pygmy settlements close by fancy gorilla - tourist lodges .
It is so remote that the drugs that reached Kampala in 2003 did not get here until 2007 .
After a long day in which she and a nurse saw 118 patients , many huddling together in the examining room to avoid the storm pounding on the tin roof , she broke down in tears .
All day she told subsistence farmers she could not , for example , treat the white fungal thrush filling their mouths unless they could pay $ 1 a day — more than they earn .
She can still give free antiretrovirals to a few ; while her hospital ’s American funds are frozen , it still gets some drugs from the Ugandan Ministry of Health and cash gifts from wildlife tourists and the singer Elton John .
But soon this hospital , too , will make a waiting list .
“ It makes me angry , ” she says .
“ It feels horrible .
Sometimes you wonder if you ’re doing people favors .
You start them on drugs , you give them hope , and then you ’re not sure you can keep it up .
We all knew these drugs are for life . ”
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Campaigners have criticised plans for a sea trial of cloud - whitening technology , funded by Microsoft founder Bill Gates .
A US - based research body , Silver Lining , which has received $ 300,000 from Mr Gates , is developing machines to convert seawater into microscopic particles to be sprayed into clouds .
Scientists believe this will increase the whiteness , or albedo , of clouds and increase their ability to reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing global warming .
The Gates - backed sea trial would be the largest known attempt to geoengineer the climate so far , reported to be conducted over an area of 10,000 km2 .
However , campaigners say such a large - scale trial is ' risky ' and that a global ban on geoengineering experiments should be put in place until regulations governing the sector can be introduced .
' We knew Microsoft was developing cloud applications for computers but we did n't expect this .
Bill Gates and his cloud - wrenching cronies have no right to unilaterally change our seas and skies in this way , ' said Jim Thomas from Canadian environmental campaigners , ETC Group .
In March , MPs from the Science and Technology Committee backed such calls and said countries should not be allowed to take unilateral action on geoengineering without consulting the UN .
A major report on the subject by The Royal Society last year also warned of the unknown side - effects of cloud - whitening , including , changes to regional weather patterns and ocean currents .
However , the report said it had advantages over other forms of geoengineering because it could be stopped immediately , and within ten days nearly all of the salt paricles would rain or settle out of the atmosphere .
It could also be used over Arctic to reduce summer ice melt , the scientists said .
Am I the only one who sees the resemblance ?
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) --
Staring at the throngs of media representatives who came out to hear and see her Friday , Jessica Colotl took another step into the fight for her future .
The undocumented student from Mexico whose case has become a lightning rod in the immigration debate had been released on $ 2,500 bond just a couple hours earlier .
The 21 - year - old student at Kennesaw State University in Georgia surrendered Friday morning to authorities in response to a warrant for her arrest issued Wednesday night by the Cobb County Sheriff 's Office .
Standing nervously before the crowd , Colotl fought back tears when people cheered for her .
The media bombarded her with questions as she tried to give voice to her struggle .
Just a week earlier , she 'd been released from a deportation facility in Alabama after being stopped in March for a minor traffic violation .
" If I were to be deported , I 'd have to start all over again , " she said .
" I 'm hoping for the best . "
The sheriff 's office said she gave a false address when stopped for that violation , a felony charge that her attorney denies .
A spotlight has been trained on Arizona since Gov. Jan Brewer signed into law a bill that requires law enforcement officials to seek proof of legal U.S. residency from anyone whom they have stopped on suspicion of having violated the law .
But advocates working with Colotl point out that a little - understood program already gives local authorities in many states the latitude to act as immigration officials -- a right that is often abused , they say .
" The future of Arizona already exists in Cobb County and Gwinnett County [ also in Georgia ] , " said Jerry Gonzalez , executive director of the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials .
Near him were other Colotl supporters , some holding signs reading " Education not deportation . "
Under the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 287( g ) program , state and local law enforcement can partner with the federal agency to gain some immigration enforcement authority in their own jurisdictions .
If they conclude that someone is in the country illegally , they can turn that person over to ICE .
Last year , a change to the partnership program prioritized the detention and arrest of those who have allegedly committed crimes .
The Cobb County Sheriff 's Office is one of 71 law enforcement agencies in 26 states that have entered into this partnership program , according to the ICE website .
Labeling the program a " civil rights disaster , " Mary Bauer , legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center , said it " leads to racial profiling , distracts police from looking for real criminals and destroys families . "
The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia called Friday for an end to the program .
" Jessica 's case is yet another outrageous example of the unaccountable local enforcement of immigration laws in Cobb County gone awry , " said Azadeh Shahshahani , ACLU of Georgia 's national security / immigrants ' rights project director .
Colotl 's legal problems started in late March when her car was stopped on the Kennesaw State campus .
Born in Mexico but living in the United States since she was 11 , she could not produce a driver 's license , so she handed over as identification an expired passport from Mexico .
She was arrested the next day and turned over to immigration officials .
She spent more than a month in the Etowah Detention Center in Alabama .
Friends came out in force and marched on campus in her defense .
Earlier this month , she was released , and her deportation was deferred for a year , which will allow her to finish her studies .
She has n't returned to classes yet , but looks forward to earning her degree .
" I 'm just trying to live the American dream and finish my education , " she said .
Calling Colotl " a symbol of what 's wrong with the immigration system , " immigration attorney Charles Kuck thanked ICE for allowing his client to stay in the country for a year to finish her studies .
He then set out to educate people about the challenges facing Colotl , providing a reason why she did not have a license .
" Jessica ca n't start the process to become a U.S. citizen because she 's not allowed to , " he said .
" If Jessica could obtain a license , she would have . "
In a statement Wednesday night , Cobb County Sheriff Neil Warren said , " Ms. Colotl knew that she was in the United States without authority to be here and voluntarily chose to operate a vehicle without a driver 's license , which is a violation of Georgia law .
She has further complicated her situation with her blatant disregard for Georgia law by giving false information . "
As for the use of the ICE program , he said , " I value any tool that helps me enforce the law and remove violators from our community . "
But the band of lawyers and advocates who rallied around Colotl say Cobb County is abusing its power .
In a joint statement Thursday night , they voiced outrage over Colotl 's treatment and suggested that the felony charge is trumped - up .
" It is obvious from all the documents that I 've seen that she has done nothing wrong and has given her proper address to Cobb County and immigration officials , " said Chris Taylor , Colotl 's criminal attorney .
" There has been no crime committed . "
The car 's registration simply reflected her old address , Taylor said in an interview , and she provided her new address when she was taken into custody .
Taylor said he has the documents to prove this and looks forward to clearing her name .
In front of the crowd that gathered Friday , he said of his client , " She has not failed us .
We have failed her .
The system has failed her . "
The Cobb Immigrant Alliance likened the actions of officials to " schoolyard bullying . "
Gonzalez , of the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials , called the sheriff " Wild - West Warren , " saying he " has abused his authority in this case .
His actions clearly demonstrate the problems that occur when local law officers are granted authority to enforce immigration laws . "
" Sheriff Warren has embarked on a witch hunt , wasting money and county resources for political gain , " said Adelina Nicholls of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights .
" This is not about public safety . "
Americans are already starting to see the benefits of health care reform .
The new law requires health insurance companies  starting in September  to end their most indefensible practice : rescinding coverage after a policyholder gets sick .
In recent days insurers and their trade association have rushed to announce that they will end rescissions immediately .
That is very good news for the thousands of people who each year pay their premiums but lose their coverage just when they are likely to run up big medical bills .
The insurers decided to act quickly after they were whacked by some very bad publicity .
An investigative report by Reuters said that one of the nation ’s biggest insurers , WellPoint , was targeting women with breast cancer for fraud investigations that could lead to rescissions .
Although WellPoint fiercely denied singling out breast cancer patients for scrutiny , it acknowledged using computer algorithms to search for a range of conditions that applicants would likely have known about at the time they applied .
That seemed like a backhanded admission that it was indeed searching for excuses  the company would say legitimate reasons  to cancel coverage .
The Obama administration and Congressional Democrats urged insurers to end rescissions at once .
For more help see the Common Knowledge help page
For all the children
To whom we entrust the future
It was almost December , and Jonas was beginning to be frightened .
Quotations
Take action on climate change Scientists are predicting extreme heat in the future for Ventura ...
Council needs new faces
While politics seem to dominate our world right now , it ...
Put Dransfeldt on park board Passionate .
Determined .
Understanding .
Compassionate .
All are adjectives one could use ...
President has failed to lead
In the seven months since the onset of the coronavirus ...
Keep creek walkway clean Did you know the Calleguas Creek bike path and walkway ...
John McCain , Not So Mavericky Anymore
Created : May 06 , 2010 12:06 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
In a newly published paper , Ben Lauderdale , a Ph.D. student in Princeton ’s Department of Politics , uses a statistical analysis to plot the relative mavericky - ness of various members of Congress .
Mavericks , he explained to John Sides , are members who vote “ less on the basis of the political dimension that predicts all legislators ’ behavior and more on particularistic factors unique to themselves . ”
In other words , their voting might seem erratic in the context of a rigid political spectrum , reflecting an idiosyncratic willingness to break ranks to support or oppose legislation on specific policy grounds .
So just how mavericky is Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , who proudly donned and then curiously shed the mantle of the “ original maverick ” ?
Well , not nearly as mavericky as he once was :
So who are the true mavericks ?
Sides posts these graphs of the top 10 mavericks in the 111th House and Senate .
It ’s worth noting that seven of the top 10 mavericks in the House , and the seven most mavericky senators , are in the Democratic caucus — although , as Sides points out , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) is only on the list because he frequently votes against Democratic legislation for procedural reasons .
Jazz can be an intimidating genre to learn , considering the vast numbers of scales and chords that jazz guitarists must have under their belts .
That 's not to say it 's impossible - you just need to start off with the basics .
There 's nothing more basic in jazz than laying the foundations with a few chords .
And so , I 'd like to go over today a few of the basic chords that are commonly used in jazz .
These chords are : D minor 7th , G dominant 7th and C major 7th ( or Dm7 , G7 and Cmaj7 for short ) .
You 'll have noticed that in jazz , most chords have a 7th at the end .
7th chords , simply put , are your minor or major chords with an added note in it .
At this stage , it 's not too important to go into the depths of chord construction - but just appreciate that the 7th note adds character to the chord , or embellishes the chord , as I like to call it .
Before we continue , I will assume that you are able to play basic barre chords .
If you are n't able to do so , I would suggest taking time in practise the fingerings of basic minor and major barre chords until each string can be clearly heard .
If you 're ready , let 's start off with the Dm7 chord ...
Magazines planning to launch iPad editions for the Apple ’s glossy e-Reader device will have to censor themselves to make into Apple ’s No Porn app store , I heard yesterday .
And we ’re not just talking about Nuts ; “ edgier ” fashion magazines like Dazed & Confused and Vice will have to seriously cut back on nudity in photography and fashion shoots .
New fashion bible LOVE famously launched a first edition with a naked photo shoot of Beth Ditto .
That would not be alright with Steve Jobs .
A D&C insider revealed that the mag ’s iPad edition has been nicknamed the Iran edition by the people putting it together , given the parallels between censorship in the Muslim theocracy and the iTunes store .
Every week there have been complaints about apps removed from the iTunes store – usally small - scale soft porn stuff , but it throws the Apple policy into relief when art or fashion magazines have to start censoring themselves .
It ’s even more ironic because the iPad has been billed as the saviour of the magazine industry and also given Apple ’s reputation as a maintstay of the creative industries .
Related : The Porn on iTunes debate : gender wars ?
and
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Pinterest
Tumblr
Print
Email
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
A Mrs Amel Marmouri , from Novara , has just become the first person in Italy to be fined for wearing a burqa in public .
Her husband says he will not allow other men to look at her : " If the law says she can't wear one , " says Mr Marmouri , " then she will have to stay in night and day . "
Unfortunate Mrs Marmouri .
How will she adjust to life as a non-person ?
Maybe she should get in touch with Harriet Harman .
Or , since they are more of an age , Yvette Cooper , or any of the other , theoretically prominent Labour women who spent the election campaign either tagged or under house arrest .
It appears they did not all go quietly .
Yvette Cooper questioned her relegation to a humiliating " second division " event near the beginning of the election campaign and was not seen outside again .
When , more recently , a mutinous Ms Harman challenged the terms of her captivity , it is reported that one of her protectors , Lord Mandelson , roughly told her to " shut up " .
Although there were worries , after she was gagged , placed in a sack and then dragged away by Douglas Alexander , that Ms Harman might never return , male honour now appears to have been satisfied .
At 10 on election night , just as soon as the vote could not be affected , Labour 's women were free to resume their traditional work for female emancipation .
On Thursday night , there were even sightings of the mythical caravanner , Margaret Beckett .
For the Tories , the liberation of Theresa May allowed Michael Gove , just for a few seconds , to stop talking .
Although , at the time of writing , Harriet has yet to re-emerge , it can't be long before she 's back , stressing the contrast between Labour 's diversity and the Tories ' arrant misogyny .
" Is this the situation in the modern Conservative party ? " she likes to quote herself saying , in her first appearance at PMQs .
" That women should be seen and not heard ? "
Far better to do the thing properly , as in Labour 's campaign , and ensure that women are not seen either .
Unless , that is , they are content to define themselves as loyal wives , mothers , grannies , relicts or , in this progressive party , repentant prostitutes .
Providing these biblical requirements have been met , and are not jeopardised by worldly ambition , Labour will not merely forgive a woman her weaknesses , but actively nurture her special preoccupations with the family , maternity leave and tax credits .
Hence the party 's devotion to Mumsnet , where the proposal of a pre-eminent reproductive identity , incorporating women of every ideological stripe , has attracted a succession of ministers who would never dream of courting , say , dads , or the one - fifth of women who are united in not having children .
Hence , too , Gordon Brown 's immediate approval of Mrs Duffy , before she was disgraced by her opinions .
" You 're a good woman , " he said , on hearing she had issue : just what one would expect from a man whose tribute to his wife , on the eve of the election , dwelt on her peerless servicing of his biological needs .
" I think she 's doing a great job as a mother and she 's doing a great job as a wife . "
But there is much more , surely , to Sarah Brown than that .
In years to come , let us hope she receives proper recognition as a wife who not only outperformed rival wives , with her incessant tweeting , blogging and snogging , but eclipsed every elected woman in Mr Brown 's parliament .
Not even Cherie Blair , in her pomp , was capable of this .
Norma Major was , comparatively , a radical feminist of the Dworkin school .
Mrs Brown 's vision of womanhood takes us back much further , before Barbara Castle or Betty Boothroyd got any ideas of political grandeur , to the era of Brief Encounter .
Except that , unlike the film 's troubled , prewar housewife , Laura , stifled in her claustrophobic marriage , Mrs Brown seems perfectly content with her surrendered status .
It is a clue to Laura 's moral confusion , after she meets Alec at the railway station , that she is tempted , briefly , to pretend she understands his doctor 's jargon .
" I see , " she says , when he talks about preventative medicine .
" I 'm afraid you do n't , " says Alec. Laura accepts his correction .
" I was trying to be intelligent . "
That is not a mistake the educated Mrs Brown has made , even once , in her accounts of Downing Street date nights and bathtime frolics .
Taking the same , vintage approach to gender roles , each of Labour 's election broadcasts was narrated or presented by a man , in a sequence that went from grizzled , via Doctor Who , to outright thug : Sean Pertwee , David Tennant , Peter Davison , Eddie Izzard and Ross Kemp , snarling : " Be careful " at fearful dependents of the female persuasion .
Even Labour 's rival in female manipulation , the new John Lewis tear - jerker , invests more dignity in a life defined by family responsibilities .
With their working wives , but no female colleagues , neither Cameron nor Clegg did better .
Judging by the last few weeks , the political consensus on female respectability places elegant wives and mothers in the first rank , followed by nurses ( also known as " angels " ) , horny - handed " mums " , caring grandmothers , cancer victims ( treated to a special Labour scare story ) , single women with children , followed by childless single women who cannot be bribed with tax credits , women politicians and , lastly , the widow , mum of two and former prime minister , Baroness Thatcher .
Thanks to Labour 's vision of a women - free public life , reinforced by both rival parties , it should be generations before her freakish achievement is ever approached , let alone repeated .
As much as they may welcome this move towards a western caliphate , Wahhabist clerics must be wondering if they 've missed a trick .
The politicians make it look so easy .
But how was wife and mum Harriet Harman , quondam hammer of inequality , made to endorse the instruments of her own oppression ?
Could it be that Douglas Alexander knows something about patronising and marginalising women that orthodox religious leaders do not ?
Or did Ms Harman , deputy leader of her party , collude in this operation ?
All we know , for sure , is that the current generation of Labour mullahs studied at the feet of Blair and Campbell , whose sofa government proved as effective as any medieval method for subduing women and never left a mark .
These electoral campaigns could not , however , have been so damaging to women 's prospects in public life without the assistance of British broadcasters .
Defying all recent complaints about the absence of mature women on screen , editors ensured that every significant election event was mediated by men , including individuals whose staggering mediocrity or ugliness confirmed that maleness was their only conceivable qualification .
In a limited but welcome concession to its critics , the BBC introduced Martha Kearney 's " election lunch party " on Radio 4's World at One .
This bitter pill was , however , sugared by that now - customary signal that women and politics have , unaccountably , collided : Martha 's home - made biscuits .
• More election comment from Cif at the polls
BERLIN —
With the majority of Internet traffic expected to shift to congestion - prone mobile networks , there is growing debate on both sides of the Atlantic about whether operators of the networks should be allowed to treat Web users differently , based on the users ’ consumption .
Proponents of the current system — called network neutrality — see that principle as a kind of civil rights declaration of the digital age , one that requires the gatekeepers of the global Internet to treat all users equally , regardless of application , source or download limit .
While operators have never been required to maintain neutrality , the industry has created that expectation largely by charging users a flat rate for unlimited Internet access .
But there is a big flaw in the concept , according to the operators : Networks have never been neutral .
They have always been actively managed to some extent since their inception in the 1980s to ensure that all customers get a basic “ best effort ” level of service .
My Username Generator is a free tool based on an unique algorithm which allows you to generate an endless number of random user names that would be suitable for use on the Web .
My Username Generator was built to help you create your very unique but quality user name you can use in forums , chat rooms and other social web sites .
Not all good and cool usernames are taken !
About This Content
Kingmaker editor : Mission creator toolset , which enables players to create their own missions
" Return of Grum - Gog " campaign with 8 new missions
New monsters available
What is the connection between the nightmares of Lord Blackviper and those mysterious eyes , burning in the night ?
Who are these little green men ?
The ones stabbing your tax collectors with their spears ?
Can the shamans of the God of Plague rival the very gods themselves ?
From whence does his avatars appear , and who is to blame ?
The search for answers to these questions is unlikely to improve your sleep , but will surely give you many hours of new and exciting battles when the war with the goblins descends upon the peaceful lands of Ardania .
And besides , how better could the nights of the Great King be spent ?
In addition to defending against the goblin menace , you may also create your own battles !
Become not only the king of Ardania , but its creator as well .
Some Fiction About Fan Fiction
from the learn - to - let - go dept
Furthermore , we HAVE to do it .... a copyright MUST BE DEFENDED .
If someone infringes on your copyright , and you are aware of the infringement , and you do not defend your copyright , the law assumes that you have abandoned it .
Once you have done that , anyone can do whatever the hell they want with your stuff .
There was a lot of talk about copyright , and whether or not fan fiction was illegal , whether it was fair use ( it is NOT fair use , by the way , not as I understand the term , and I have a certain familiarity with what is and is n't fair use thanks to my own experiences with THE ARMAGEDDON RAG )
Most of us laboring in the genres of science fiction and fantasy ... had a lesson in the dangers of permitting fan fiction a couple of decades back , courtesy of Marion Zimmer Bradley .
MZB had been an author who not only allowed fan fiction based on her Darkover series , but actively encouraged it ... even read and critiqued the stories of her fans .
All was happiness and joy , until one day she encountered in one such fan story an idea similar to one she was using in her current Darkover novel - in - progress .
MZB wrote to the fan , explained the situation , even offered a token payment and an acknowledgement in the book .
The fan replied that she wanted full co-authorship of said book , and half the money , or she would sue .
MZB scrapped the novel instead , rather than risk a lawsuit .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Reader Andrew sends in a blog post by George R.R. Martin , author of the fantasy seriesamong other things , about his intense dislike for fan fiction .
The post is long and rambles on repeating points somewhat randomly , but there are a few key points that he makes , that do n't seem to have much support .
First , he claims that heto defend his copyright :
This is just wrong .
I do n't know where he got his information from , but he 's confused .
That 's true of trademark law , but not copyright law .
For someone who insists elsewhere in the post that he knows copyright law , he got this one flat out wrong .
In that same paragraph , he talks about fair use as well :
On this one , he 's also wrong , but it 's a little more blurry .
Fan fictionfair use and it might not be fair use , .
He 's wrong to make a blanket statement that fan fiction is absolutely not fair use .
That 's wrong , and courts have found that to be wrong ... in some cases , but it very much depends on the work .
That 's why you have the case of , which is an ( unauthorized ) rewrite offrom another character 's perspective .
In that case , the 11th Circuit found it to be fair use .
But , then again , we have the more recent case of , an unauthorized sequel to -- which is still being argued in the courts , but so far , the courts have not bought the fair use claim ( which , by the way , has horrified some copyright / fair use experts ) .
On a purely technical level , it 's hard to see how copyright law outlaws fan fiction .
The courtsbeen clear for ages , that copyright law only covers the explicit , and not the idea .
In fact , courts have insisted that one of the reasons why copyright law does not violate the First Amendment is because of that separation between idea and expression .
As such , it 's difficult to see how any court could find fan fiction a violation of copyright , seeing as it's a totally separate expression , even if based on the same idea .
It is true that some courts ( a la the Salinger case above ) have ruled otherwise , but this is hardly settled law , and Martin 's claim to the contrary is wrong .
From there , he picks up on the usual point that if you allow fan fiction , then others might do stuff with your characters you do n't like .
To that , I think the only proper response is : that 's life .
You might not like it , but copyright is not a moral right -- at least not in the US .
It is not intended to allow the author to control his or her characters forever .
In fact , quite the opposite .
Copyright has one stated purpose : to promote the progress of science and the useful arts .
I recognize that it may be upsetting for others to do stuff with your works , especially if you do n't like what they do , but there 's no law against it ( for the most part ) .
However , he then builds on that idea with a rather laughable defense of why it 's bad to let others do what they want with your characters , by comparing Edgar Rice Burroughs with HP Lovecraft ( though , oddly , he refuses to use either 's name ) .
He notes that Burroughs and his estate carefully protected Tarzan , while HP Lovecraft encouraged others to make use of Cthulu .
Burroughs died rich , Lovecraft died poor .
Thus , to Martin , we have proof that you should protect your works .
I 'm not kidding .
Apparently , Martin is unfamiliar with the fact thatis not the same as , or that two anecdotes is not a representative sample .
I could just as easily pick out two different authors -- say J.K. Rowling , who ( for the most part ) allows fan fiction , and ... uh ... just about any author in the world who does not , and point out that Rowling is a hell of a lot richer .
Based on Martin 's reasoning , now there 's proof that allowing fan fiction makes sense .
There was one other story in the post that Andrew pointed out , which makes an interesting case against allowing fan fiction :
That scenario does suck , but again , there 's more to look at than what Martin presents .
First of all , if Bradley had evidence that she came up with the idea separately , the lawsuit would not have gone very far .
Furthermore , as he notes , it was just thethat was similar -- and copyright has that idea / expression dichotomy .
It is true that a lawsuit may have been filed and it can be expensive to fight a lawsuit , but just because there is one crazy person out there , does n't condemn the entire concept of fan fiction .
I can certainly understand the emotional dislike for fan fiction ( though , many who have embraced it have found that it also helps build a much stronger connection with fans ) .
Both JK Rowling and Stephenie Meyer ( who wrote the Twilight series ) have ( mostly ... with some exceptions ) embraced fan fiction , and it's helped build that intense fan loyalty .
That 's not to say it 's the only way to do so , of course .
Martin does n't quite get to the extreme argument we 've heard before , but he sort of hints at it , with his claim that his characters are his children and only he gets to control them .
But one of the standard arguments we 've heard against fan fiction is " but what if a fan puts those characters into a pornographic story ? " or " what if they make the characters into Nazis ? " or something along those lines .
And the answer is : so what ?
People have imaginations , and if they do n't write it down it 'll be in their heads anyway .
What difference does it make ?
None of that takes away from thecharacters that you create yourself .
Just because someone else does something else with the characters , it does n't change or impact the stories you wrote .
Filed Under : copyright , fan fiction , george r.r. martin
WASHINGTON — The United States , Europe and Russia responded with extreme skepticism to Iran ’s announcement on Monday that it had reached an agreement to ship roughly half of its nuclear fuel to Turkey , saying they would continue to press for new sanctions against Tehran .
Nonetheless , officials from several countries said that the deal , negotiated with the leaders of Turkey and Brazil , was a deftly timed attempt to throw the sanctions effort off track .
The terms were similar to those of an accord made with the West last October that fell apart when Iran backtracked .
Since then , Iran has added considerably to its stockpile of low - enriched uranium , meaning that it would keep on Iranian territory about half of its current supply — or about enough fuel for one nuclear weapon if it chose to make one .
The earlier deal was attractive to Washington because it would have deprived Tehran of enough known fuel to make a weapon , leaving breathing space for negotiations .
Rejecting the new deal , however , could make President Obama appear to be blocking a potential compromise .
And the deal shows how Brazil and Turkey , which for their own economic interests oppose sanctions , may derail a fragile international consensus to increase pressure on Iran .
La Liga is set to mimic the model of the Premier League ...
The LFP ( Spanish Football League ) will today announce the decision to separate the Primera teams from the Segunda in La Liga , which will create a league model similar to England 's Premier League .
As reported by AS , the league separation is the first step to creating a ' Superliga ' , that is to say a Primera Division that is independent from the rest of Spain 's leagues .
Meetings have been taking place between 11 Primera Division clubs ( Real Madrid , Barcelona , Sevilla , Atletico , Valencia , Athletic , Villarreal , Racing , Getafe , Sporting and Deportivo ) over the past two weeks to debate the idea and a resolution seems to have been reached .
The television rights to matches are the main tenant of the agreement .
If La Liga adopts a Premier League structure , the new league authority will decide the schedule of matches and would create its own calendar .
Further , the elite clubs would create a revenue - sharing model for television rights that would depend on three elements : a fixed amount , an additional amount based on ticket sales , and more revenue based on the club 's finish for the season .
Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
Welcome to Wolstan & Goldberg Eye Associates
Wolstan & Goldberg Eye Associates has served patients in the Los Angeles South Bay Area since 1979 , and today provides comprehensive eye care , including laser cataract surgery with advanced lens replacements , all - laser LASIK , & cosmetic procedures .
Our doctors are among the first surgeons in the country able to offer cataract surgery with the LenSx© Femtosecond laser for a more streamlined procedure , and specialized lens implants like Symfony© , PanOptix Trifocal , Crystalens© , Tecnis™ and the AcrySof Toric for the treatment of presbyopia and astigmatism .
These new technologist give our patients the opportunity to eliminate or dramatically reduce their dependence on glasses for reading or distance vision .
To achieve outstanding results in all - laser LASIK and PRK , Wolstan & Goldberg Eye Associates also offers the advantage of the WaveLight® Allegretto Wave® Eye - Q excimer laser , and the IntraLase© FS Laser .
These advanced technologies provide superior control of refractive laser surgery through more precise measurement of the eye than was previously possible .
Wolstan & Goldberg Eye Associates also offers the Staar Visian ICL™ .
This new implantable corrective lens for treatment of nearsightedness can be placed behind the iris , rather than in front of it , eliminating the unnatural look produced by most implantable supplemental lenses .
Learn more about
Wolstan & Goldberg Eye Associates
Show full PR text
SEAGATE DELIVERS WORLD'S FASTEST HARD DRIVE FOR LAPTOP COMPUTERS ; MOMENTUS ® XT SOLID STATE HYBRID DRIVE OFFERS SOLID STATE PERFORMANCE WITH THE CAPACITY AND VALUE OF HARD DISK DRIVES
New ASUS Gaming Laptop to Deliver Unprecedented Speeds Powered by Momentus XT Drive
SCOTTS VALLEY , Calif . - May 24 , 2010 - Seagate ( NASDAQ : STX ) today announced channel and OEM shipments of the Momentus® XT drive , the world 's fastest 2.5 - inch laptop PC hard drive , combining SSD - like performance with the massive capacity and much lower cost of HDDs .
The Momentus XT drive also features Adaptive Memory ™ – a groundbreaking new technology from Seagate that learns and optimizes the drive 's performance to each user by moving frequently used information into the flash memory for faster access .
The Momentus XT solid state hybrid drive boots up to 100 percent faster than traditional 5400 RPM drives , the mainstream spin speed for laptop PCs , and sets new benchmarks for real - world system performance for laptops and gaming systems .
Today 's high - performance SSDs for mobile computing cost as much as 10 times more than hard disk drives of the same capacity , with the price of a 250 GB SSD outstripping even the cost of many laptop PCs .
As a result , most consumers and system builders are unwilling or unable to pay the high price for the greater speed and quiet operations of SSDs .
Additionally , SSDs offer fewer capacity options than hard disk drives .
The Momentus XT drive is a best - of - both - worlds solution that combines a 7200 RPM spin speed , 4GB of solid state memory and Seagate 's Adaptive Memory technology to deliver unprecedented hard drive performance .
The unique Adaptive Memory technology works by identifying patterns in how often certain digital data is used , and then moving the most frequently used information to the embedded solid state memory for faster access – effectively tailoring hard drive performance to each user and their applications .
" For notebook PC users looking forward to faster PC performance without sacrificing storage capacity or affordability , now there 's an option , " according to John Rydning , IDC 's research director for hard disk drives .
" Seagate 's new Momentus® XT drive is the first storage device for notebook PCs that raises the bar for affordable capacity and performance . "
" We see the Momentus® XT drive as a game changer , a product heralding a new generation of hard drives that combine SSD and HDD capabilities so that laptop users do n't have to make trade - offs on speed , cost or capacity , " said Dave Mosley , Seagate executive vice president of Sales , Marketing and Product Line Management .
" The feedback we 've received from customers , industry experts and early reviews has been overwhelmingly positive , and Seagate will continue to drive innovation that provides more value and a better computing experience to consumers . "
Momentus® XT Drive Brings Unprecedented Speed to New ASUS Gaming Laptop PC
ASUS has also announced that it will offer the Momentus XT drive as an upgrade option for its new Republic of Gamers ( ROG ) G73Jh notebook .
The system is powered by an Intel i7 720 Qm quad - core processor , 8GB of DDR3 memory , and DX11 capable ATI Radeon Mobility HD 5870 .
" With the Momentus® XT drive , ASUS gives gaming customers who prefer the ASUS ROG G73 the capacity they need and the performance they crave , " said PC Wang , vice president of the ASUS Systems Business Group .
" Seagate 's innovative solid state hybrid drive hands down delivers the best value , capacity and SSD - like performance to a wide audience . "
The Momentus XT drive installs as easily as a traditional 9.5 mm - high notebook drive for new systems or laptop upgrades and , unlike early hybrid drives , operates independently of the operating system and the motherboard chipset .
ASUS and Seagate Unveil the Momentus® XT Drive and the ROG G73JH with a Live Webcast
On Wednesday , May 26 , Seagate and OEM customer ASUS will co-sponsor a live webcast unveiling not only the new Momentus XT solid state hybrid drive , but also featuring the new ASUS ROG G73JH system with two Momentus XT drives .
Three lucky attendees of this webcast will win a new G73 system just for attending *.
Special guest speakers will provide an in - depth look at how this drive will transform high - performance computing .
Seagate also unveils new addition to mainstream Momentus® Family : 750 GB spinning at 7200RPMs
In addition to the Momentus XT drive , Seagate is delivering the world 's highest capacity 7200 RPM drive at 750GB .
This new Momentus 750 GB drive is a traditional hard disk drive designed for mainstream to high - performance computing and external backup enclosures .
The Momentus 750 GB drive also features a SATA 3Gb/s with NCQ interface , 16MB cache with silent acoustics and low power consumption .
The Momentus 750 GB drive delivers high capacity with high performance and further enhances the feature - rich options already available in the Seagate Momentus family of 2.5 - inch notebook drives .
Licenses dammed Licenses
Just wanted to share a few mistakes I made regarding licensing of Flask and some general suggestions of how to handle it .
Also I would like to explain a problem I have with open source licenses in general and if you have some suggestions .
Disclaimer : IANAL and what I write down there might be completely wrong .
If you know better , please let me know .
( And I mean it .
Granted , I hate licensing , but I also depend on them so I want to have a good understanding of what the heck I 'm actually doing by licensing my stuff )
Closed Open I love Open Source , I really do .
All my code is licenses under the very generous BSD license which comes with barely any strings attached : do what you want , keep the copyright around , do not use my name to endorse derived products .
And I am totally fine with that .
But that is my take on code alone .
When it comes to artwork and design I would love to use a less open license .
Why ?
Let 's take the Flask documentation as an example .
This documentation has a nice and simple stylesheet and is still unique enough that one could recognize Flask or Flask related projects from it .
So I would love ( but can 't ) limit that license to something like : use this only for Flask related projects or modify it enough to be visually different .
Now of course that is a fishy description , but this could be fixed .
The problem however is that this is no longer an open source license ( which I would not have any problems with ) .
After all that also forces Linux distributions like Debian to ship a modified version of my project with a different style for the documentation because they have to reject such packages or put it into the non-free section .
Both things I would love to avoid , so I back - paddled on my licensing plans and put the themes under the BSD license with friendly reminder now .
But when I was changing the license an interesting thing came up : could it be that the old theme was partially unlicensed ?
Now one stylesheet was already BSD licensed , that was not a problem , the template files and everything else did not have a license header nor was a LICENSE file in place .
The way Flask used that style was with a git submodule .
Interestingly this was not present in the source distribution of Flask .
So unless Debian made any changes , the docs would not build out of the box on a Debian system anyway which brought back my idea for going the non-free path with docs .
But that is now past in any case , so let 's move on .
But the more interesting question here is what license that thing is under now .
I am pretty sure one could argue that the original documentation was not licensed , thus closed source and all Flask extensions I did not write were violating the license ( which was never the intention because the documentation strongly recommends the Flask documentation themes ) .
Licensing Documentation Licenses from a source POV are already crazy , but when it comes to documentation texts , images and everything else involved in a modern application or even software library the whole thing becomes way more complex .
Like many others I so far licensed my code under the BSD license and I did that by adding a quick licensing header to all files and adding a LICENSE file with the license text .
The license text was more or less the original three - clause BSD license text with " University of Berkley " replaced by " Copyright Holder " and a line that describes who the copyright holder is / are so that copy / pasting that license gets easier .
With Flask I now made a change to that license so that it not only mentions source and binaries , but also the documentation explicitly ( read the new license ) .
From a legal point of view it should still be the same as before , but now explicitly mentions the documentation .
That documentation should get their own license is something I did not come up with , other people did that before me .
Which is why there exists a list of documentation licenses : GNU Free Documentation License , FreeBSD Documentation License , the Creative Commons Licenses and many more .
Now my first plan was to adapt the FreeBSD Documentation License because it is very close to the BSD license and should not cause any troubles switching to without having to ask all the persons who provided patches .
Though a licensing change is a licensing change and even if just the wording changed I would not pull this off without sending out mails first .
But before I even came to that , I noticed that this would not work out at all .
Because if that is assumed to be a different license than the BSD license used previously the final built documentation would be affected by both the BSD and now the FreeBSD documentation license .
Why that ?
Because the sourcecode itself is still under the BSD license and with that the docstrings in there which are pulled directly into the final documentation .
While one could argue in many programming languages that the comments are under a different license , this does not work out well in Python where the docstrings are available at runtime .
They are clearly part of the program .
My final change was to take the previous BSD license and explicitly add " and documentation " to everything that previously just listed " source " and " binary " form .
I am quite confident that this is overkill but still serves the purpose .
To be honest I doubt anyone would ever want to sue anyone based on ambiguous documentation licenses , but for me the whole point of a license is to be something I can defend my project on .
And as such I want to have a clear understanding for myself what exactly is under which license .
If someone would have asked me a week ago under that license my documentation was , I would have answered with BSD .
If then that person would have asked me where this was written down I would have had a harder time explaining that " source " also means restructured text and " binary " also means HTML .
Logos and Design Now this is where I am totally lost .
When I was asking on Twitter what license to pick for a project logo , people answered with the creative commons attribute non-derivative 3.0 license ( hereby named CC - ND - 3.0 ) .
Now I actually did license that logo under that license and even shipped it with the documentation and the Flask tarball , and it also ended up in Debian .
The interesting part is that the website clearly mentioned the license as CC - ND - 3.0 .
I just violated my own license and from my understanding of the copyright law , what I released should be considered CC - ND - 3.0 for the logo because I would not be legally allowed to license that as BSD .
This is pretty weird because as a copyright holder I can release that thing under anything but you could argue that because the LICENSE file was not in the same folder as the logo and the logo was just copied there , it not automatically becomes BSD licensed .
That 's like if I would copy the Debian logo into my project it does not become BSD licensed , I just made a license violation by not adding the license .
Again , in the Debian can I 'm not the copyright holder , but I could imagine that if that would have to be defended in court , the same logic would apply .
Either way , the interesting part here is that the CC - ND - 3.0 license is not accepted in Debian because it is not a free license .
So in theory if my package would be a license violation and I correct this license violation by revoking all current releases , and re-release those packages with a license text for CC - ND - 3.0 Debian would have to update all their tarballs to exclude the logo from it .
It 's fun to see how such small differences can cause such an amount of troubles for all parties involved .
So I decided not to be a dick and adapt a very simple license for the logo ( read license text ) that is formed after the Debian free logo license .
It also has a BSD - ish clause regarding endorsements by Flask authors and recommends linking to the Flask project website .
From what I understand , old release are now okay in compliance with the new license which also works retroactively so Debian should be in the clear .
However the source version of the logo ( the SVG file ) still has to come with the license text which never was part of the distribution tarballs .
BP was aware of equipment problems aboard the Deepwater Horizon rig hours before the explosion pumped millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , a congressional hearing was told yesterday .
In a second day of hearings , the House of Representatives 's energy and commerce committee said documents and company briefings suggested that BP , which owned the well ; Transocean , which owned the rig ; and Halliburton , which cemented into place the casing for the well , ignored tests in the hours before the 20 April explosion that indicated faulty safety equipment .
" Yet it appears the companies did not suspend operations , and now 11 workers are dead and the gulf faces an environmental catastrophe , " Henry Waxman , the chair of the energy and commerce committee , said , demanding to know why work was not stopped .
The committee heard testimony from oil executives suggesting multiple failures of safety systems that should have given advance warning of a blowout , or should have promptly cut off the flow of oil .
The failures included a dead battery in the blowout preventer , suggestions of a breach in the well casing , and failure in the shear ram , a device of last resort that was supposed to cut through and seal the drill pipe in the event of a blowout .
" Already we have uncovered at least four significant problems with the blowout preventer used on the Deepwater Horizon drill rig , " said Bart Stupak , a Democrat from Michigan who chairs the oversight subcommittee .
The examination was far tougher on the oil companies than the Senate hearings on Tuesday .
BP also faced a financial sting as the White House asked Congress to approve $ 118 m in recovery costs , to be passed on to the oil company .
While the committee accused the oil industry of failing to anticipate the dangers of offshore drilling , senators John Kerry and Joe Lieberman unveiled a climate and energy bill that for the first time will put a price on carbon and require American cuts in greenhouse gas emissions .
Kerry said he believed the oil spill would give impetus to the American Power Act .
" This a bill for energy independence after a devastating oil spill , a bill to hold polluters accountable , a bill for billions of dollars to create the next generation of jobs and a bill to end America 's addiction to foreign oil . "
But after eight months of careful courtship of industry and political opposition , the bill has no Republican backers after Senator Lindsey Graham , a co-author , withdrew his support last month and the immediate response from industry groups and mainstream environmental groups was guarded .
Passage of the law is seen as crucial to a global deal on climate change .
The 987 - page bill was carefully positioned to secure support from industry and moderate Republicans , making the final product far weaker than environmental organisations wanted .
In response to the oil disaster , the bill moderated its original support for offshore drilling , giving states veto power over projects in waters 75 miles from their shores .
States that go ahead will be able to keep a bigger share , 37 % , of federal revenues from drilling .
Otherwise the bill calls for 12 nuclear plants and sets aside $ 2bn for research into clean coal .
Greenpeace condemned it as a " dirty energy bailout " , with director Phil Radford adding : " It seems that after a year and a half wrangling , the only people who can be happy with this bill are the fossil fuel industry lobbyists . "
The bill aims for a 17 % cut in emissions over 2005 levels , the same weak target enshrined in a bill passed by the House in June last year .
But the Senate version would apply to a smaller share of the US economy .
Heavy industries would not be required to cut emissions until 2016 .
The bill would stop the Environmental Protection Agency regulating greenhouse gases and would scrap region cap and trade systems now underway in two dozen states and Canadian provinces .
• This article was amended on 19 May 2010 .
The original said that Halliburton " made the cement casing " for the well .
This has been corrected .
Image caption Marc Emery 's supporters have protested against his extradition
Canada 's so - called " Prince of Pot " has been brought to the US where he is expected to plead guilty to selling marijuana seeds to US customers .
Marc Emery allegedly sold millions of marijuana seeds around the world by post .
He was ordered extradited by Canada 's Minister of Justice Rob Nicholson on 10 May .
Mr Emery arrived in Seattle , Washington state , on Thursday and is expected to plead guilty on Monday .
Richard Troberman , Mr Emery 's attorney , told the Associated Press news agency that his client would plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to manufacture marijuana in exchange for an agreed sentence of five years in prison .
Mr Emery , a resident of Vancouver , British Columbia , said he had made $ 3 m ( £ 2.4 m ) a year before his arrest in 2005 .
His seeds were allegedly traced to illegal cannabis - growing operations in Indiana , Florida , Tennessee , Montana , Virginia , Michigan , New Jersey and North Dakota , according to the US Drug Enforcement Administration .
Supporters of Mr Emery claim that Canada 's Conservative government , led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper , is instigating a " culture war " by not intervening in his extradition .
Mr Emery 's wife , Jodie Emery , called on other marijuana activists to shut down Hastings Street , a busy corridor in Vancouver , in protest at his extradition .
" My husband committed a crime punishable by only a $ 200 fine in Canada , yet this Conservative government is sending him to serve up to 25 years in US jail , " Mrs Emery said in a press release on Thursday morning .
She added : " I promise you , Stephen Harper , we will hound you until you are nothing but an unpleasant memory . "
Pennsylvania prosecutors are dropping their grand jury subpoena to Twitter demanding the identity of two account holders who used the microblogging service to criticize Attorney General Tom Corbett , a spokesman said Friday .
Corbett , the Republican candidate for governor , was seeking to unmask the account holders ahead of Friday 's sentencing of Brett Cott , whom Corbett targeted in a political corruption investigation .
Corbett wanted to know if Cott was the one anonymously disparaging Corbett and the ongoing probe , Corbett spokesman Kevin Harley said in a telephone interview .
Prosecutors believed that linking Cott to one of the Twitter accounts criticizing Corbett would show the defendant had a bad attitude that should earn him a higher sentence , Harley said .
Harley said they wanted to unmask the account holders " to show the court Cott was demonstrating a lack of contrition and remorse . "
On Friday , Cott was handed up to five years in prison for his role in the political corruption scandal known as Bonusgate .
Dauphin County Judge Richard Lewis said he did not consider any online criticism in his sentencing decision .
The grand jury subpoena targeted Twitter accounts CasablancaPA and bfBarbie .
Both received an e-mail from Twitter on Tuesday saying the company would respond to the subpoena ( .pdf ) in a week " unless we receive notice from you that a motion to quash the subpoena has been filed or that this matter has been otherwise resolved . "
The subpoena demanded " all subscriber information " regarding the two Twitter accounts , including “ name , address , contact information , creation date , creation Internet Protocol address , and any and all login Internet Protocol addresses . ”
The two had enlisted Public Citizen and the American Civil Liberties Union to fight the subpoena .
They said it was an abuse of power by Corbett to use the power of a criminal grand jury to unmask his critics .
" It 's clear they were on a fishing expedition to see if these Twitter users were Cott , " Witold Walczak , legal director for the ACLU of Pennsylvania , said in a telephone interview .
" That 's not only an abuse of the grand jury process but a real affront to political speech rights ...
The government just can't go on fishing expeditions like that to unmask critics because it might be helpful on sentencing . "
Updated 15:30 with confirmation and comments from Corbett 's office .
See Also :
Enlarge By Massoud Hossaini , AFP / Getty Images President Obama made clear Wednesday that the U.S. presence in Afghanistan would remain long after troops are withdrawn , a process he hopes to begin in July 2011 .
WAR EXPENDITURES WAR EXPENDITURES WASHINGTON 
The monthly cost of the war in Afghanistan , driven by troop increases and fighting on difficult terrain , has topped Iraq costs for the first time since 2003 and shows no sign of letting up .
Pentagon spending in February , the most recent month available , was $ 6.7 billion in Afghanistan compared with $ 5.5 billion in Iraq .
As recently as fiscal year 2008 , Iraq was three times as expensive ; in 2009 , it was twice as costly .
The shift is occurring because the Pentagon is adding troops in Afghanistan and withdrawing them from Iraq .
And it 's happening as the cumulative cost of the two wars surpasses $ 1 trillion , including spending for veterans and foreign aid .
Those costs could put increased pressure on President Obama and Congress , given the nation 's $ 12.9 trillion debt .
" The overall costs are a function , in part , of the number of troops , " says Linda Bilmes , an expert on wartime spending at Harvard University .
" The costs are also a result of the intensity of operations , and the number of different places that we have our troops deployed . "
MORE : U.S. reviews Afghan watchdog authority DATABASE : A look at lives lost in Iraq , Afghanistan THE OVAL : Play - by - play of Obama , Karzai meeting Obama made clear Wednesday that the U.S. role in Afghanistan would remain long after troops are withdrawn , a process planned to begin in July 2011 .
" This is a long - term partnership , " he said during a news conference with Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
Continued American support will be crucial as U.S. troop levels and costs in Afghanistan escalate : • The number of U.S. servicemembers in Afghanistan has risen to 87,000 , on top of 47,000 from 44 other countries .
At the same time , the number of U.S. servicemembers in Iraq has dropped to 94,000 .
By next year , Afghanistan is to have 102,000 U.S. servicemembers , Iraq 43,000 .
• Afghanistan will cost nearly $ 105 billion in the 2010 fiscal year that ends Sept. 30 , including most of $ 33 billion in additional spending requested by Obama and pending before Congress .
Iraq will cost about $ 66 billion .
In fiscal 2011 , Afghanistan is projected to cost $ 117 billion , Iraq $ 46 billion .
To date , Pentagon spending in Iraq has reached $ 620 billion , compared with $ 190 billion in Afghanistan .
• Costs per servicemember in Afghanistan have been roughly double what they are in Iraq since 2005 .
That is due to lower troop levels , Afghanistan 's landlocked location , lack of infrastructure , high cost of fuel and less reliable security .
" The cost just cascades , " says Todd Harrison of the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
" That 's always been an issue in Afghanistan . "
" Iraq , logistically , is much easier , " says Lawrence Korb of the Center for American Progress .
" You get the stuff to Kuwait and just drive it up the road . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON —
The top American commander in the Middle East has ordered a broad expansion of clandestine military activity in an effort to disrupt militant groups or counter threats in Iran , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and other countries in the region , according to defense officials and military documents .
The secret directive , signed in September by Gen. David H. Petraeus , authorizes the sending of American Special Operations troops to both friendly and hostile nations in the Middle East , Central Asia and the Horn of Africa to gather intelligence and build ties with local forces .
Officials said the order also permits reconnaissance that could pave the way for possible military strikes in Iran if tensions over its nuclear ambitions escalate .
While the Bush administration had approved some clandestine military activities far from designated war zones , the new order is intended to make such efforts more systematic and long term , officials said .
Its goals are to build networks that could “ penetrate , disrupt , defeat or destroy ” Al Qaeda and other militant groups , as well as to “ prepare the environment ” for future attacks by American or local military forces , the document said .
The order , however , does not appear to authorize offensive strikes in any specific countries .
In broadening its secret activities , the United States military has also sought in recent years to break its dependence on the Central Intelligence Agency and other spy agencies for information in countries without a significant American troop presence .
by Martin
A news station in Atlanta had two stories this week that add still more definition to the impetus Arizona law makers had for passing SB1070 .
The stories may be viewed here :
http://www.wsbtv.com/video/23438021/
http://www.wsbtv.com/video/23438712/
What is most interesting is not that lots of people are crossing the border illegally , but who is crossing the border .
“ People from terrorist nations are among the hundreds of thousands of people caught each year crossing the Mexico - US border . ”
This is not surmise , speculation , or scare tactics used to bolster the arguments of those looking to secure the US border .
Via an unnamed congressional staffer , this Atlanta news station obtained a governmental report showing that people from countries including Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan have all been detained after being apprehended while trying to cross the border .
It is also presumed that 23 Somali Al Qaeda members recently released from Mexican prison , have made their way to the border .
For some reason the government no longer releases this list of what they have designated as OTM ’s – other than Mexicans – who have been captured .
Why is this presumably public data now being suppressed ?
The news station confronted Congressman Paul Brown with the data .
He is , incidentally , on the Homeland Security Committee .
However , he apparently had never seen the report before ( and vowed to take it back to Washington ) .
Is there any clearer evidence that the federal government is not doing it ’s job to provide for the common defense ?
As noted in my temporary pizza oven writeup ( and reiterated in my “ Pizza Obsessives ” interview by Slice – check it out ! ) , making an effective pizza oven can be as simple as stacking blocks .
Use a quickly made jig to build an easy brick arch roof , and screw a couple pieces of angle iron around it to hold everything together .
That ’s it – pizza time , all the time .
The ease of the design was demonstrated recently by Thomas Niccum , who used my writeup to reconstruct his own oven .
Total time from construction to eating pizza ?
10 hours – and that includes transporting a pallet of cinderblock into the back yard one by one .
Niccum was kind enough to send detailed notes and photos of his build .
They ’ll help you put one together , too .
Maybe this weekend – it is summer , after all .
I decided to build the stand out of concrete block , and add a layer of insulation ( IsoBoard 2 ″ good to 2300 degrees ) .
My long term goal is to build the Forno Bravo Pompeii oven , but I felt that the oven you showed would be a good learning experience .
All of the brick and block should be repurposable for the Pompeii .
I did this today , by myself … most of the work was hauling the bricks from the front of the house down a hill , around to the back .
Day 1 :
Day 2 :
Finished up in time for lunch …
Pizzas were great – I think I need to get the oven hotter – they were taking 4 - 5 minutes to cook fully .
but they still tasted fantastic .
Start time to finish – roughly 10 hours .
Five hours Friday night – much of that was hauling the concrete blocks and fire bricks from the front of the house to the back .
I did all of that myself .
Also got base assembled and hearth laid .
9 - 2 ( 5 hours ) on Saturday had 2 friends assist .
Built side walls , drilled angle - iron , built curved roof jig , built roof and applied the mud .
Fired oven for one hour to heat / cure .
Pizza in belly by 2:10 pm …
Some construction notes : Materials :
1. I used 190 Firebricks ( one sacrificed to make “ shards ” for roof shimming .
( about $ 1.80 / ea )
2. Used 1 50 # bag of refractory clay and 1 bag of sand .
3. 60 concrete blocks ( $ 1 each )
4. 5 48 ″ angle iron
5. 4 48 ″ threaded rod
6. 4×4 durock
7. 4×4 IsoBoard ( expensive ! $ 12/sf )
8. 8.5×8.5x 24 ″ Clay flue liner
Tools that came in handy :
1 . Angle grinder with cutoff blade ( threaded rods , angle iron )
2. Circular saw with diamond blade ( Durock , Jig legs )
3. Skill saw ( jigsaw ) – Jig form Notes :
1 . I did add another set of bricks on each side of the door to make the opening smaller , it seemed too large to me ( that took six bricks )
2 . Oven was still pretty warm 4 hours after fired died out .
I ’ll try to take some temps with my infrared thermometer of heat decay
3. Clay / Sand – we did a 1:1 mix .
It seems very grainy and brittle – lots of cracks .
May try another batch with less sand and put over the current one .
4 . Clay flue liner cracked within a few minutes , seems to be holding together , but maybe we need to heat more slowly the first time Base construction
1. Base is 5 courses of standard concrete block ( 48×48 ″ ) with a line of block down the middle of the interior
2. on top of base is Durock cement board
3. on top of Durock is a 2 ″ layer of IsoBoard – a refractory insulation – should help keep the floor hot longer
4 . Floor of oven is on Iso Board Future experiments :
1. Wrap exterior in ceramic fiber insulation blanket while running … try to get heat up .
2. Build a door
3 . Fire to heat then record temp decay with as is , and with blanket , and with door .
Want to test feasibility of pre-heat then baking bread or roasting chicken with out fire burning .
UPDATE :
I got an email and a photo from Tom telling me about his attempt to cook a whole chicken in the oven .
From the description and the looks of the photo , I think he got it right on the first try :
LOS ANGELES , May 29 ( Reuters ) - Hollywood actor Dennis Hopper , best known for directing and starring in the 1969 cult classic “ Easy Rider , ” died on Saturday at his home in Venice , California , from complications of prostate cancer , a friend told Reuters .
Hopper was 74 .
The hard - living screen icon died at 8:15 a.m. PDT ( 1515 GMT ) , surrounded by family and friends , said the friend , Alex Hitz .
( Instead of my usual ranting and raving tonight , I am incredibly honored to present an essay written by one of my favorite Fantasy authors , the charming and talented Anton Strout .
Given his status as a writer and a gamer , I asked him for a few words on both subjects combined .
Surprising the hell out of me , he was gracious enough to accommodate despite an incredibly busy schedule .
Without further ado , here 's what he had to say … — Brad Gallaway )
Hello , and thanks for having me .
Before I begin my guest spot here , let me get my introduction and a bit of shameless self - promotion out of the way so you know who you 're dealing with .
I 'm the author of the Simon Canderous urban fantasy series for Ace Books which include Dead To Me , Deader Still and the latest book , Dead Matter .
I can also be found in a variety of anthologies — some of which include Simon Canderous tie - in stories — including : Boondocks Fantasy , The Dimension Next Door , A Girl 's Guide to Guns & Monsters , Pandora 's Closet , Spells of the City , and Zombie Raccoons & Killer Bunnies ( my favorite name of them all ) .
I currently live in the haunted corn maze that is New Jersey and , most importantly , I am the worlds most casual and controller - smashing video gamer .
I am also prone to hyperbole .
Making a video game comprises many a part , but what makes a game come alive ?
Is it the gameplay ?
The music ?
The character or level designs ?
The story ?
Certainly all of the above , and if one of those elements is lacking , a great game can become a mediocre one .
But since I 'm a story slinger by trade , I 'd like to talk about the writing in games .
As a writer / gamer , I am in the habit of dissecting the things I experience .
My content creator eye can't help it .
I need to know what makes things tick .
Where does the heart come from in a game ?
More and more , I think story has grown over the years .
Just take a look at Resident Evil 5 dialogue now compared to that of the " master of unlocking " clips from Resident Evil 1 .
There 's a ton of games I could talk about , but I 'm going to go with a few here that struck a chord with me in my development as a writer .
People often ask me to define why I write what I write and funnily enough , my answers tie in to gaming .
When I elevator pitch my books for people , I usually tell them I write Jim Butcher Lite urban fantasy novels , basically because I miss Ghostbusters and Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
It 's no coincidence , then , that these two television and movie franchises both have games .
Ghostbusters has come a long way in story development since its Commodore 64 version ( where I basically maxed out my Ecto - 1 with all the best equipment , then sadly my friend 's mother threw away our account numbers for all our stuff ) .
The story of the recent game version was critical enough that it was actually written by the screenwriters of the film and playing it is feels like being immersed in a brand new Ghostbusters film .
It helps that it also has many of the original voice actors , art design and such on top of a fun plot , but the writing really helps pull all those elements together .
It 's no different than what I 'm trying to do when I structure a novel .
Short of writing actual gaming code , I need to create all those atmospheric elements so the reader immerses themselves into a world where they believe it 's possible to be chased down by a demonic carnivorous bookcase .
When I first picked up the Buffy the Vampire Slayer video game , I was worried .
Movie and television tie - in games are almost always questionable , but I have to say the 2002 game and it's follow up in 2004 , Chaos Bleeds , was written like an actual episode and caught the essence of what the show was .
Despite a lot of the humor in it , a lot of the game creeped me the hell out as well .
The writing set a tone and a mood that were furthered by all the other elements .
When I learned that my fellow urban fantasy writer and friend Tom Sniegoski actually wrote them , I was jealous as hell that he got to do it .
Roger Ebert recently wrote that video games can never be art .
I like a lot of what he has to say about movies , in this case , I think he 's dead wrong ( despite the large amount of things he can quote in his original article . )
Defining what is art is subjective , as proven by thousands of years of people trying to define aesthetics .
I know what it is to me .
It 's anything that 's crafted that I can experience and it evokes something in me from my interaction with it .
And games do that for me .
The Legend of Zelda : The Ocarina of Time , for instance , was one of the first games to make me cry .
Even with only subtitles and no voice acting , the storyline brought me to tears with Link 's shift from adolescence to an adult and the way the world changed between that .
I laughed out loud and wanted to dance with the king of the Gorons when Link found the song to cheer him and played it for him .
I can still remember him shouting , all caps , HOT HOT HOT !
If that ain't art , then I do n't know what is .
Writing is an integral and more and more important part of the game creation process , probably even more so in games that are 100 % original content , but that 's a guest post for another day …
Again , thanks for having me and if you are so inclined , please go check out the books !
( Infinite thanks to Anton Strout , controller - smashing player and author extraordinaire .
If you 're in the market for an exciting Urban Fantasy page - turner , take the man 's advice and go check out his books .
If you 'd like to learn more about Anton , you can visit his website , or follow him on Twitter , and I can tell you first - hand that he tweets some pretty amusing stuff .
— Brad )
Rockstar appear to be breaking their games on Steam
If you have Rockstar games on Steam , you might want to prevent them from allowing to autoupdate .
They appear to be breaking some of their games with patches .
After getting caught having pirate code in the Steam release of Max Payne 2 , it looks like they did n’t want to get caught with their pants down twice , and have tried to stealthily update some of their other games .
The problem is , they are breaking them in the process .
Users on the Steam forums have reported issues like “ no in - game sound ” in GTA3 and “ Vice City does not load at all “ .
If you have these games , or any other Rockstar games on Steam , I suggest you turn off autoupdating :
1 . Go to your games library .
2 . Right click , then properties .
3 . Updates tab , then select “ Do not automatically update this game ” .
4 . Hit close .
SARAH PALIN thinks Barack Obama has taken too " doggone long to get in there " .
James Carville wants Mr Obama to " put somebody in charge of this thing and get this moving . "
Maureen Dowd doinked Mr Obama Saturday with her silly - straw - like wit , faulting his " inability to encapsulate Americans ' feelings . "
Yeah , you know who would 've killed as the president facing a deep - sea oil blowout ?
Philip Seymour Hoffman .
Or maybe Meryl Streep .
Did you see them in " Doubt " ?
Ms Dowd 's involvement is fitting , as this may be the sorriest spectacle of content - free public hyperventilation since Al Gore 's earth tones .
The difference is that in this case the issue is deadly serious ; it 's the public discourse that is puerile .
There is plenty of room for substantive critique of the flaws in governance and policy uncovered by the Deepwater Horizon blowout .
You could talk about regulatory failure .
You could talk about corporate impunity .
You could talk about blithely ignoring the tail - end risk of going ahead with deepwater drilling without any capacity to cope with catastrophic blowouts .
Precisely none of these subjects are evident in the arguments our pundit class is having .
Instead we have empty - headed squawking over what the catastrophe is doing to Barack Obama 's image .
Who 's raising concrete critiques of administration policy ?
Chiefly Mr Obama .
Last Thursday he laid out a series of mistakes he felt he had made .
Chief among them was taking oil companies at their word when they claimed to have the capability to cope with worst - case deep - sea drilling catastrophes .
Now , if we feel that the president has failed to act aggressively enough on this issue , both before and since the accident , then what course of action should we now be calling on him to take ?
One logical step might be for the government to immediately shut down every offshore drilling rig in proximity to America 's coasts , pending the development of redundant , fail - safe capacity for capping and remediating catastrophic blowouts .
Is this a good idea ?
I do n't know .
But if you wanted to argue concretely that the administration had not been acting aggressively enough in this crisis , then this is the sort of more - aggressive action you might be calling for .
But how would the American people actually feel about that ?
Would that really " encapsulate their feelings " , as Ms Dowd puts it ?
Or do their feelings actually contain a bit of a soft spot for low gasoline prices ?
Might such a performance fail to adequately interpret the deep ambiguities of the American people 's helpless crush on those handsome bad boys in the oil industry ?
And how would Mr Obama 's chief critics feel about shutting down offshore oil rigs until the government has the capacity to stop blowouts and clean up massive spills ?
Presumably the same way they reacted to his six - month moratorium on new wells and suspension of drilling on 33 exploratory wells in the Gulf .
" I take issue with the President 's decision to extend the moratorium on deepwater drilling should it be used to indefinitely suspend offshore drilling , " Sen .
John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) said in a statement .
" The BP spill in the Gulf is a tragedy and there is no question we must conduct a thorough investigation into what led to this devastating spill , and we must take every step to stop and contain the leak .
But with the needed safety measures in place , domestic drilling should be continued and encouraged . "
Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said the plan could mean " effectively killing Shell 's participation in Alaska , " the Associated Press reports .
" That 's not acceptable to me or Alaska . "
What we 're seeing here is a perfect circus of media nothingball : people aggressively criticising the administration for not acting aggressively enough while aggressively ignoring the fact that they oppose anything aggressive the administration does .
But he should get on in there and put somebody in charge !
What 's taking him so doggone long ?
( Photo credit : AFP )
China 's top philanthropist Yu Pengnian hopes his move encourages other Chinese billionaires to follow suit .
( Gao Erqiang / China Daily )
A real estate tycoon has donated all his assets of 8.2 billion yuan ( $ 1.2 billion ) to charity , making him China 's top philanthropist .
Yu Pengnian , an 88 - year - old Shenzhen hotel and real estate entrepreneur , on Thursday donated his remaining fortune worth 3.2 billion yuan to the Yu Pengnian Foundation -- a charity named after him .
The amount , plus what he had donated before , raised the value of the Hong Kong - registered fund to $ 1.2 billion .
" This will be my last donation .
I have nothing more to give away , " he said .
" It will all be for charity , no part of it will be inherited by anyone , no part will be used to do business or for investments , " he told reporters .
The foundation now has $ 260 million in bank deposits and a Hong Kong and Shenzhen property portfolio worth nearly $ 1 billion , which is expected to contribute an additional $ 50 million each year to the foundation .
The foundation , which is mandated to make donations to health , education and disaster relief , has so far funded over 150,000 cataract removal operations across China since 2003 and helped establish a number of Project Hope schools in the western rural areas .
Yu topped the latest Hurun Philanthropy List , released on Thursday , as he has done for five consecutive years for donating $ 910 million over the period .
Yu - ranked 432nd on the 2009 Hurun Rich List - said he hoped his move would encourage other Chinese billionaires to do more , adding his fortune paled in comparison to some other magnates in Hong Kong and on the Chinese mainland .
" My fortune is just a drop in the bucket compared to them but I have a point of view that is very different from others , I will not leave my fortune to my children , " he said .
"
If my children are more capable than me , it 's not necessary to leave a lot of money to them .
If they are incompetent , a lot of money will only be harmful to them , " said Yu , who has been dubbed " China 's Carnegie " for his consistent donations over the past two decades .
He added his children agree with him on this point .
Having built his business from scratch , Yu attributed his philanthropic motivation to the hardship he underwent when he was young .
He has made special donations to patients with cataracts because he once suffered from the same disease .
" I like to support the poor because I used to be poor and I understand the misery of the poor people , " he said .
Yu still works long hours every day and spends two - thirds of his time doing charity , said Peng Zhibing , an assistant .
For the past few years ,
Yu has even been traveling to China 's western poor regions to give money to those in need .
" Providing timely help to the really poor and making them live better are my aim and wish , " he said .
Space and time are intertwined in our thoughts , as they are in the physical world .
For centuries , philosophers have debated exactly how these dimensions are related in the human mind .
According to a paper to appear in the April , 2010 issue of Cognitive Science , children 's ability to understand time is inseparable from their understanding of space .
To probe the relationship between space and time in the developing mind , MPI researcher Daniel Casasanto and colleagues at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and Stanford University showed children movies of two snails racing along parallel paths for different distances or durations .
The children judged either the spatial or temporal aspect of each race , reporting which animal went for a longer distance or a longer time .
When asked to judge distance , children had no trouble ignoring time .
But when asked to judge time , they had difficulty ignoring the spatial dimension of the event .
Snails that moved a longer distance were mistakenly judged to have traveled for a longer time .
Children use physical distance to measure of the passage of time .
Time in language and mind
When English speakers talk about time , they can hardly avoid using spatial words .
They hope for short meetings and long vacations .
Was children 's confusion the result of using words that have both spatial and temporal meanings ?
Importantly , this study was conducted in Greek - speaking children .
Greek tends to use a different kind of spatial vocabulary for time , describing time as accumulating in 3 - dimensional space , rather than extending in linear space .
In Greek , it was possible to phrase questions naturally while avoiding any ambiguous words like ' long ' or ' short ' .
Children 's responses were not caused by superficial confusions in wording , rather they reflect deeper conceptual links between space and time .
Relativity of psychological time
If time is judged relative to space , do our minds intuitively grasp the same relationship between these dimensions found modern physics ?
' Einstein posed a similar question to the child psychologist , Piaget ' , says Casasanto .
' But it 's unlikely that our intuitions about time are shaped by something as counterintuitive as Einstein 's Relativity . '
Rather , this research shows a different relationship .
In the physical world , space and time are theorised to be mutually inseparable .
In the mind , however , they are asymmetrically separable .
Children can think about space independent of time , but it appears they cannot conceptualise time independent of space .
The Open Boat
A Tale intended to be after the fact .
Being the experience of four men
from the sunk steamer " Commodore "
I
None of them knew the color of the sky .
Their eyes glanced level , and
were fastened upon the waves that swept toward them .
These waves were of
the hue of slate , save for the tops , which were of foaming white , and
all of the men knew the colors of the sea .
The horizon narrowed and
widened , and dipped and rose , and at all times its edge was jagged with
waves that seemed thrust up in points like rocks .
Many a man ought to
have a bath - tub larger than the boat which here rode upon the sea .
These
waves were most wrongfully and barbarously abrupt and tall , and each
froth - top was a problem in small - boat navigation .
The cook squatted in the bottom and looked with both eyes at the six
inches of gunwale which separated him from the ocean .
His sleeves were
rolled over his fat forearms , and the two flaps of his unbuttoned vest
dangled as he bent to bail out the boat .
Often he said : " Gawd !
That was
a narrow clip . "
As he remarked it he invariably gazed eastward over the
broken sea .
The oiler , steering with one of the two oars in the boat , sometimes
raised himself suddenly to keep clear of water that swirled in over the
stern .
It was a thin little oar and it seemed often ready to snap .
The correspondent , pulling at the other oar , watched the waves and
wondered why he was there .
The injured captain , lying in the bow , was at this time buried in that
profound dejection and indifference which comes , temporarily at least ,
to even the bravest and most enduring when , willy nilly , the firm fails ,
the army loses , the ship goes down .
The mind of the master of a vessel
is rooted deep in the timbers of her , though he commanded for a day or a
decade , and this captain had on him the stern impression of a scene in
the greys of dawn of seven turned faces , and later a stump of a top-mast
with a white ball on it that slashed to and fro at the waves , went low
and lower , and down .
Thereafter there was something strange in his
voice .
Although steady , it was , deep with mourning , and of a quality
beyond oration or tears .
" Keep 'er a little more south , Billie , " said he .
" 'A little more south , ' sir , " said the oiler in the stern .
A seat in this boat was not unlike a seat upon a bucking broncho , and by
the same token , a broncho is not much smaller .
The craft pranced and
reared , and plunged like an animal .
As each wave came , and she rose for
it , she seemed like a horse making at a fence outrageously high .
The
manner of her scramble over these walls of water is a mystic thing , and ,
moreover , at the top of them were ordinarily these problems in white
water , the foam racing down from the summit of each wave , requiring a
new leap , and a leap from the air .
Then , after scornfully bumping a
crest , she would slide , and race , and splash down a long incline , and
arrive bobbing and nodding in front of the next menace .
A singular disadvantage of the sea lies in the fact that after
successfully surmounting one wave you discover that there is another
behind it just as important and just as nervously anxious to do
something effective in the way of swamping boats .
In a ten - foot dingey
one can get an idea of the resources of the sea in the line of waves
that is not probable to the average experience which is never at sea in
a dingey .
As each slatey wall of water approached , it shut all else from
the view of the men in the boat , and it was not difficult to imagine
that this particular wave was the final outburst of the ocean , the last
effort of the grim water .
There was a terrible grace in the move of the
waves , and they came in silence , save for the snarling of the crests .
In the wan light , the faces of the men must have been grey .
Their eyes
must have glinted in strange ways as they gazed steadily astern .
Viewed
from a balcony , the whole thing would doubtless have been weirdly
picturesque .
But the men in the boat had no time to see it , and if they
had had leisure there were other things to occupy their minds .
The sun
swung steadily up the sky , and they knew it was broad day because the
color of the sea changed from slate to emerald - green , streaked with
amber lights , and the foam was like tumbling snow .
The process of the
breaking day was unknown to them .
They were aware only of this effect
upon the color of the waves that rolled toward them .
In disjointed sentences the cook and the correspondent argued as to the
difference between a life - saving station and a house of refuge .
The cook
had said : " There 's a house of refuge just north of the Mosquito Inlet
Light , and as soon as they see us , they 'll come off in their boat and
pick us up . "
" As soon as who see us ? " said the correspondent .
" The crew , " said the cook .
" Houses of refuge do n't have crews , " said the correspondent .
" As I
understand them , they are only places where clothes and grub are stored
for the benefit of shipwrecked people .
They do n't carry crews . "
" Oh , yes , they do , " said the cook .
" No , they do n't , " said the correspondent .
" Well , we 're not there yet , anyhow , " said the oiler , in the stern .
" Well , " said the cook , " perhaps it 's not a house of refuge that I'm
thinking of as being near Mosquito Inlet Light .
Perhaps it 's a life -
saving station . "
" We 're not there yet , " said the oiler , in the stern .
II
As the boat bounced from the top of each wave , the wind tore through the
hair of the hatless men , and as the craft plopped her stern down again
the spray splashed past them .
The crest of each of these waves was a
hill , from the top of which the men surveyed , for a moment , a broad
tumultuous expanse , shining and wind - riven .
It was probably splendid .
It
was probably glorious , this play of the free sea , wild with lights of
emerald and white and amber .
" Bully good thing it 's an on - shore wind , " said the cook ; " If not , where
would we be ?
Would n't have a show . "
" That 's right , " said the correspondent .
The busy oiler nodded his assent .
Then the captain , in the bow , chuckled in a way that expressed humor ,
contempt , tragedy , all in one .
" Do you think We 've got much of a show
now , boys ? " said he .
Whereupon the three were silent , save for a trifle of hemming and
hawing .
To express any particular optimism at this time they felt to be
childish and stupid , but they all doubtless possessed this sense of the
situation in their mind .
A young man thinks doggedly at such times .
On
the other hand , the ethics of their condition was decidedly against any
open suggestion of hopelessness .
So they were silent .
" Oh , well , " said the captain , soothing his children , " We 'll get ashore
all right . "
But there was that in his tone which made them think , so the oiler
quoth : " Yes !
If this wind holds ! "
The cook was bailing : " Yes !
If we do n't catch hell in the surf . "
Canton flannel gulls flew near and far .
Sometimes they sat down on the
sea , near patches of brown seaweed that rolled on the waves with a
movement like carpets on a line in a gale .
The birds sat comfortably in
groups , and they were envied by some in the dingey , for the wrath of the
sea was no more to them than it was to a covey of prairie chickens a
thousand miles inland .
Often they came very close and stared at the men
with black bead - like eyes .
At these times they were uncanny and sinister
in their unblinking scrutiny , and the men hooted angrily at them ,
telling them to be gone .
One came , and evidently decided to alight on
the top of the captain 's head .
The bird flew parallel to the boat and
did not circle , but made short sidelong jumps in the air in chicken -
fashion .
His black eyes were wistfully fixed upon the captain 's head .
" Ugly brute , " said the oiler to the bird .
" You look as if you were made
with a jack - knife . "
The cook and the correspondent swore darkly at the
creature .
The captain naturally wished to knock it away with the end of
the heavy painter ; but he did not dare do it , because anything
resembling an emphatic gesture would have capsized this freighted boat ,
and so with his open hand , the captain gently and carefully waved the
gull away .
After it had been discouraged from the pursuit the captain
breathed easier on account of his hair , and others breathed easier
because the bird struck their minds at this time as being somehow
grewsome and ominous .
In the meantime the oiler and the correspondent rowed And also they
rowed .
They sat together in the same seat , and each rowed an oar .
Then the
oiler took both oars ; then the correspondent took both oars ; then the
oiler ; then the correspondent .
They rowed and they rowed .
The very
ticklish part of the business was when the time came for the reclining
one in the stern to take his turn at the oars .
By the very last star of
truth , it is easier to steal eggs from under a hen than it was to change
seats in the dingey .
First the man in the stern slid his hand along the
thwart and moved with care , as if he were of S�vres .
Then the man in the
rowing seat slid his hand along the other thwart .
It was all done with
most extraordinary care .
As the two sidled past each other , the whole
party kept watchful eyes on the coming wave , and the captain cried :
" Look out now !
Steady there ! "
The brown mats of seaweed that appeared from time to time were like
islands , bits of earth .
They were traveling , apparently , neither one way
nor the other .
They were , to all intents , stationary .
They informed the
men in the boat that it was making progress slowly toward the land .
The captain , rearing cautiously in the bow , after the dingey soared on a
great swell , said that he had seen the light - house at Mosquito Inlet .
Presently the cook remarked that he had seen it .
The correspondent was
at the oars then , and for some reason he too wished to look at the
lighthouse , but his back was toward the far shore and the waves were
important , and for some time he could not seize an opportunity to turn
his head .
But at last there came a wave more gentle than the others , and
when at the crest of it he swiftly scoured the western horizon .
" See it ? " said the captain .
" No , " said the correspondent slowly , " I did n't see anything . "
" Look again , " said the captain .
He pointed .
" It 's exactly in that
direction . "
At the top of another wave , the correspondent did as he was bid , and
this time his eyes chanced on a small still thing on the edge of the
swaying horizon .
It was precisely like the point of a pin .
It took an
anxious eye to find a light house so tiny .
" Think we 'll make it , captain ? "
" If this wind holds and the boat do n't swamp , we can't do much else , "
said the captain .
The little boat , lifted by each towering sea , and splashed viciously by
the crests , made progress that in the absence of seaweed was not
apparent to those in her .
She seemed just a wee thing wallowing ,
miraculously top - up , at the mercy of five oceans .
Occasionally , a great
spread of water , like white flames , swarmed into her .
" Bail her , cook , " said the captain serenely .
" All right , captain , " said the cheerful cook .
III
It would be difficult to describe the subtle brotherhood of men that was
here established on the seas .
No one said that it was so .
No one
mentioned it .
But it dwelt in the boat , and each man felt it warm him .
They were a captain , an oiler , a cook , and a correspondent , and they
were friends , friends in a more curiously iron - bound degree than may be
common .
The hurt captain , lying against the water - jar in the bow , spoke
always in a low voice and calmly , but he could never command a more
ready and swiftly obedient crew than the motley three of the dingey .
It
was more than a mere recognition of what was best for the common safety .
There was surely in it a quality that was personal and heartfelt .
And
after this devotion to the commander of the boat there was this
comradeship that the correspondent , for instance , who had been taught to
be cynical of men , knew even at the time was the best experience of his
life .
But no one said that it was so .
No one mentioned it .
" I wish we had a sail , " remarked the captain .
" We might try my overcoat
on the end of an oar and give you two boys a chance to rest . "
So the
cook and the correspondent held the mast and spread wide the overcoat .
The oiler steered , and the little boat made good way with her new rig .
Sometimes the oiler had to scull sharply to keep a sea from breaking
into the boat , but otherwise sailing was a success .
Meanwhile the lighthouse had been growing slowly larger .
It had now
almost assumed color , and appeared like a little grey shadow on the sky .
The man at the oars could not be prevented from turning his head rather
often to try for a glimpse of this little grey shadow .
At last , from the top of each wave the men in the tossing boat could see
land .
Even as the lighthouse was an upright shadow on the sky , this land
seemed but a long black shadow on the sea .
It certainly was thinner than
paper .
" We must be about opposite New Smyrna , " said the cook , who had
coasted this shore often in schooners .
" Captain , by the way , I believe
they abandoned that life - saving station there about a year ago . "
" Did they ? " said the captain .
The wind slowly died away .
The cook and the correspondent were not now
obliged to slave in order to hold high the oar .
But the waves continued
their old impetuous swooping at the dingey , and the little craft , no
longer under way , struggled woundily over them .
The oiler or the
correspondent took the oars again .
Shipwrecks are _� propos_ of nothing .
If men could only train for
them and have them occur when the men had reached pink condition , there
would be less drowning at sea .
Of the four in the dingey none had slept
any time worth mentioning for two days and two nights previous to
embarking in the dingey , and in the excitement of clambering about the
deck of a foundering ship they had also forgotten to eat heartily .
For these reasons , and for others , neither the oiler nor the
correspondent was fond of rowing at this time .
The correspondent
wondered ingenuously how in the name of all that was sane could there be
people who thought it amusing to row a boat .
It was not an amusement ; it
was a diabolical punishment , and even a genius of mental aberrations
could never conclude that it was anything but a horror to the muscles
and a crime against the back .
He mentioned to the boat in general how
the amusement of rowing struck him , and the weary - faced oiler smiled in
full sympathy .
Previously to the foundering , by the way , the oiler had
worked double - watch in the engine - room of the ship .
" Take her easy , now , boys , " said the captain .
" Do n't spend yourselves .
If we have to run a surf you 'll need all your strength , because we'll
sure have to swim for it .
Take your time . "
Slowly the land arose from the sea .
From a black line it became a line
of black and a line of white , trees and sand .
Finally , the captain said
that he could make out a house on the shore .
" That 's the house of
refuge , sure , " said the cook .
" They 'll see us before long , and come out
after us . "
The distant lighthouse reared high .
" The keeper ought to be able to make
us out now , if he 's looking through a glass , " said the captain .
" He'll
notify the life - saving people . "
" None of those other boats could have got ashore to give word of the
wreck , " said the oiler , in a low voice .
" Else the lifeboat would be out
hunting us . "
Slowly and beautifully the land loomed out of the sea .
The wind came
again .
It had veered from the north - east to the south - east .
Finally , a
new sound struck the ears of the men in the boat .
It was the low thunder
of the surf on the shore .
" We 'll never be able to make the lighthouse
now , " said the captain .
" Swing her head a little more north , Billie , "
said he .
" 'A little more north , ' sir , " said the oiler .
Whereupon the little boat turned her nose once more down the wind , and
all but the oarsman watched the shore grow .
Under the influence of this
expansion doubt and direful apprehension was leaving the minds of the
men .
The management of the boat was still most absorbing , but it could
not prevent a quiet cheerfulness .
In an hour , perhaps , they would be
ashore .
Their backbones had become thoroughly used to balancing in the boat , and
they now rode this wild colt of a dingey like circus men .
The
correspondent thought that he had been drenched to the skin , but
happening to feel in the top pocket of his coat , he found therein eight
cigars .
Four of them were soaked with sea-water ; four were perfectly
scathless .
After a search , somebody produced three dry matches , and
thereupon the four waifs rode impudently in their little boat , and with
an assurance of an impending rescue shining in their eyes , puffed at the
big cigars and judged well and ill of all men .
Everybody took a drink of
water .
IV
" Cook , " remarked the captain , " there do n't seem to be any signs of life
about your house of refuge . "
" No , " replied the cook .
" Funny they do n't see us ! "
A broad stretch of lowly coast lay before the eyes of the men .
It was of
dunes topped with dark vegetation .
The roar of the surf was plain , and
sometimes they could see the white lip of a wave as it spun up the
beach .
A tiny house was blocked out black upon the sky .
Southward , the
slim lighthouse lifted its little grey length .
Tide , wind , and waves were swinging the dingey northward .
" Funny they
do n't see us , " said the men .
The surf 's roar was here dulled , but its tone was , nevertheless ,
thunderous and mighty .
As the boat swam over the great rollers , the men
sat listening to this roar .
" We 'll swamp sure , " said everybody .
It is fair to say here that there was not a life - saving station within
twenty miles in either direction , but the men did not know this fact ,
and in consequence they made dark and opprobrious remarks concerning the
eyesight of the nation 's life - savers .
Four scowling men sat in the
dingey and surpassed records in the invention of epithets .
" Funny they do n't see us . "
The lightheartedness of a former time had completely faded .
To their
sharpened minds it was easy to conjure pictures of all kinds of
incompetency and blindness and , indeed , cowardice .
There was the shore
of the populous land , and it was bitter and bitter to them that from it
came no sign .
" Well , " said the captain , ultimately , " I suppose we 'll have to make a
try for ourselves .
If we stay out here too long , we 'll none of us have
strength left to swim after the boat swamps . "
And so the oiler , who was at the oars , turned the boat straight for the
shore .
There was a sudden tightening of muscle .
There was some thinking .
" If we do n't all get ashore - - " said the captain .
" If we do n't all get
ashore , I suppose you fellows know where to send news of my finish ? "
They then briefly exchanged some addresses and admonitions .
As for the
reflections of the men , there was a great deal of rage in them .
Perchance they might be formulated thus : " If I am going to be drowned - -
if I am going to be drowned -- if I am going to be drowned , why , in the
name of the seven mad gods who rule the sea , was I allowed to come thus
far and contemplate sand and trees ?
Was I brought here merely to have my
nose dragged away as I was about to nibble the sacred cheese of life ?
It
is preposterous .
If this old ninny - woman , Fate , cannot do better than
this , she should be deprived of the management of men's fortunes .
She is
an old hen who knows not her intention .
If she has decided to drown me ,
why did she not do it in the beginning and save me all this trouble ?
The
whole affair is absurd ....
But no , she can not mean to drown me .
She dare
not drown me .
She can not drown me .
Not after all this work . "
Afterward
the man might have had an impulse to shake his fist at the clouds : " Just
you drown me , now , and then hear what I call you ! "
The billows that came at this time were more formidable .
They seemed
always just about to break and roll over the little boat in a turmoil of
foam .
There was a preparatory and long growl in the speech of them .
No
mind unused to the sea would have concluded that the dingey could ascend
these sheer heights in time .
The shore was still afar .
The oiler was a
wily surfman .
" Boys , " he said swiftly , " she wo n't live three minutes
more , and we 're too far out to swim .
Shall I take her to sea again ,
captain ? "
" Yes !
Go ahead ! " said the captain .
This oiler , by a series of quick miracles , and fast and steady
oarsmanship , turned the boat in the middle of the surf and took her
safely to sea again .
There was a considerable silence as the boat bumped over the furrowed
sea to deeper water .
Then somebody in gloom spoke .
" Well , anyhow , they
must have seen us from the shore by now . "
The gulls went in slanting flight up the wind toward the grey desolate
east .
A squall , marked by dingy clouds , and clouds brick - red , like smoke
from a burning building , appeared from the south - east .
" What do you think of those life - saving people ?
Ain't they peaches ? '
" Funny they have n't seen us . "
" Maybe they think we 're out here for sport !
Maybe they think we're
fishin ' .
Maybe they think we 're damned fools . "
It was a long afternoon .
A changed tide tried to force them southward ,
but the wind and wave said northward .
Far ahead , where coast - line , sea ,
and sky formed their mighty angle , there were little dots which seemed
to indicate a city on the shore .
" St. Augustine ? "
The captain shook his head .
" Too near Mosquito Inlet . "
And the oiler rowed , and then the correspondent rowed .
Then the oiler
rowed .
It was a weary business .
The human back can become the seat of
more aches and pains than are registered in books for the composite
anatomy of a regiment .
It is a limited area , but it can become the
theatre of innumerable muscular conflicts , tangles , wrenches , knots , and
other comforts .
" Did you ever like to row , Billie ? " asked the correspondent .
" No , " said the oiler .
" Hang it ! "
When one exchanged the rowing - seat for a place in the bottom of the
boat , he suffered a bodily depression that caused him to be careless of
everything save an obligation to wiggle one finger .
There was cold sea -
water swashing to and fro in the boat , and he lay in it .
His head ,
pillowed on a thwart , was within an inch of the swirl of a wave crest ,
and sometimes a particularly obstreperous sea came in - board and drenched
him once more .
But these matters did not annoy him .
It is almost certain
that if the boat had capsized he would have tumbled comfortably out upon
the ocean as if he felt sure that it was a great soft mattress .
" Look !
There 's a man on the shore ! "
" Where ? "
" There !
See 'im ?
See 'im ? "
" Yes , sure !
He 's walking along . "
" Now he 's stopped .
Look !
He 's facing us ! "
" He 's waving at us ! "
" So he is !
By thunder ! "
" Ah , now we 're all right !
Now we 're all right !
There 'll be a boat out
here for us in half - an - hour . "
" He 's going on .
He 's running .
He 's going up to that house there . "
The remote beach seemed lower than the sea , and it required a searching
glance to discern the little black figure .
The captain saw a floating
stick and they rowed to it .
A bath - towel was by some weird chance in the
boat , and , tying this on the stick , the captain waved it .
The oarsman
did not dare turn his head , so he was obliged to ask questions .
" What 's he doing now ? "
" He 's standing still again .
He 's looking , I think ....
There he goes
again .
Toward the house ....
Now he 's stopped again . "
" Is he waving at us ? "
" No , not now !
he was , though . "
" Look !
There comes another man ! "
" He 's running . "
" Look at him go , would you . "
" Why , he 's on a bicycle .
Now he 's met the other man .
They 're both waving
at us .
Look ! "
" There comes something up the beach . "
" What the devil is that thing ? "
" Why it looks like a boat . "
" Why , certainly it 's a boat . "
" No , it 's on wheels . "
" Yes , so it is .
Well , that must be the life - boat .
They drag them along
shore on a wagon . "
" That 's the life - boat , sure . "
" No , by ---- , it 's -- it 's an omnibus . "
" I tell you it 's a life - boat . "
" It is not !
It 's an omnibus .
I can see it plain .
See ?
One of these big
hotel omnibuses . "
" By thunder , you 're right .
It 's an omnibus , sure as fate .
What do you
suppose they are doing with an omnibus ?
Maybe they are going around
collecting the life - crew , hey ? "
" That 's it , likely .
Look !
There 's a fellow waving a little black flag .
He 's standing on the steps of the omnibus .
There come those other two
fellows .
Now they 're all talking together .
Look at the fellow with the
flag .
Maybe he ain't waving it . "
" That ain't a flag , is it ?
That 's his coat .
Why , certainly , that 's his
coat . "
" So it is .
It 's his coat .
He 's taken it off and is waving it around his
head .
But would you look at him swing it . "
" Oh , say , there is n't any life - saving station there .
That 's just a
winter resort hotel omnibus that has brought over some of the boarders
to see us drown . "
" What 's that idiot with the coat mean ?
What 's he signaling , anyhow ? "
" It looks as if he were trying to tell us to go north .
There must be a
life - saving station up there . "
" No !
He thinks we 're fishing .
Just giving us a merry hand .
See ?
Ah ,
there , Willie ! "
" Well , I wish I could make something out of those signals .
What do you
suppose he means ? "
" He do n't mean anything .
He 's just playing . "
" Well , if he'd just signal us to try the surf again , or to go to sea and
wait , or go north , or go south , or go to hell -- there would be some
reason in it .
But look at him .
He just stands there and keeps his coat
revolving like a wheel .
The ass ! "
" There come more people . "
" Now there 's quite a mob .
Look !
Is n't that a boat ? "
" Where ?
Oh , I see where you mean .
No , that 's no boat . "
" That fellow is still waving his coat . "
" He must think we like to see him do that .
Why do n't he quit it ?
It
do n't mean anything . "
" I do n't know .
I think he is trying to make us go north .
It must be that
there 's a life - saving station there somewhere . "
" Say , he ain't tired yet .
Look at ' im wave . "
" Wonder how long he can keep that up .
He 's been revolving his coat ever
since he caught sight of us .
He 's an idiot .
Why are n't they getting men
to bring a boat out ?
A fishing boat -- one of those big yawls -- could come
out here all right .
Why do n't he do something ? "
" Oh , it 's all right , now . "
" They 'll have a boat out here for us in less than no time , now that
they 've seen us . "
A faint yellow tone came into the sky over the low land .
The shadows on
the sea slowly deepened .
The wind bore coldness with it , and the men
began to shiver .
" Holy smoke ! " said one , allowing his voice to express his impious mood ,
" if we keep on monkeying out here !
If we 've got to flounder out here all
night ! "
" Oh , we 'll never have to stay here all night !
Do n't you worry .
They 've
seen us now , and it wo n't be long before they 'll come chasing out after
us . "
The shore grew dusky .
The man waving a coat blended gradually into this
gloom , and it swallowed in the same manner the omnibus and the group of
people .
The spray , when it dashed uproariously over the side , made the
voyagers shrink and swear like men who were being branded .
" I 'd like to catch the chump who waved the coat .
I feel like soaking him
one , just for luck . "
" Why ?
What did he do ? "
" Oh , nothing , but then he seemed so damned cheerful . "
In the meantime the oiler rowed , and then the correspondent rowed , and
then the oiler rowed .
Grey - faced and bowed forward , they mechanically ,
turn by turn , plied the leaden oars .
The form of the lighthouse had
vanished from the southern horizon , but finally a pale star appeared ,
just lifting from the sea .
The streaked saffron in the west passed
before the all - merging darkness , and the sea to the east was black .
The
land had vanished , and was expressed only by the low and drear thunder
of the surf .
" If I am going to be drowned -- if I am going to be drowned -- if I am going
to be drowned , why , in the name of the seven mad gods who rule the sea ,
was I allowed to come thus far and contemplate sand and trees ?
Was I
brought here merely to have my nose dragged away as I was about to
nibble the sacred cheese of life ? "
The patient captain , drooped over the water - jar , was sometimes obliged
to speak to the oarsman .
" Keep her head up !
Keep her head up ! "
" ' Keep her head up , ' sir . "
The voices were weary and low .
This was surely a quiet evening .
All save the oarsman lay heavily and
listlessly in the boat 's bottom .
As for him , his eyes were just capable
of noting the tall black waves that swept forward in a most sinister
silence , save for an occasional subdued growl of a crest .
The cook 's head was on a thwart , and he looked without interest at the
water under his nose .
He was deep in other scenes .
Finally he spoke .
" Billie , " he murmured , dreamfully , " what kind of pie do you like best ? "
V
" Pie , " said the oiler and the correspondent , agitatedly .
" Do n't talk
about those things , blast you ! "
" Well , " said the cook , " I was just thinking about ham sandwiches , and - - "
A night on the sea in an open boat is a long night .
As darkness settled
finally , the shine of the light , lifting from the sea in the south ,
changed to full gold .
On the northern horizon a new light appeared , a
small bluish gleam on the edge of the waters .
These two lights were the
furniture of the world .
Otherwise there was nothing but waves .
Two men huddled in the stern , and distances were so magnificent in the
dingey that the rower was enabled to keep his feet partly warmed by
thrusting them under his companions .
Their legs indeed extended far
under the rowing - seat until they touched the feet of the captain
forward .
Sometimes , despite the efforts of the tired oarsman , a wave
came piling into the boat , an icy wave of the night , and the chilling
water soaked them anew .
They would twist their bodies for a moment and
groan , and sleep the dead sleep once more , while the water in the boat
gurgled about them as the craft rocked .
The plan of the oiler and the correspondent was for one to row until he
lost the ability , and then arouse the other from his sea - water couch in
the bottom of the boat .
The oiler plied the oars until his head drooped forward , and the
overpowering sleep blinded him .
And he rowed yet afterward .
Then he
touched a man in the bottom of the boat , and called his name .
" Will you
spell me for a little while ? " he said , meekly .
" Sure , Billie , " said the correspondent , awakening and dragging himself
to a sitting position .
They exchanged places carefully , and the oiler ,
cuddling down in the sea - water at the cook 's side , seemed to go to sleep
instantly .
The particular violence of the sea had ceased .
The waves came without
snarling .
The obligation of the man at the oars was to keep the boat
headed so that the tilt of the rollers would not capsize her , and to
preserve her from filling when the crests rushed past .
The black waves
were silent and hard to be seen in the darkness .
Often one was almost
upon the boat before the oarsman was aware .
In a low voice the correspondent addressed the captain .
He was not sure
that the captain was awake , although this iron man seemed to be always
awake .
" Captain , shall I keep her making for that light north , sir ? "
The same steady voice answered him .
" Yes .
Keep it about two points off
the port bow . "
The cook had tied a life - belt around himself in order to get even the
warmth which this clumsy cork contrivance could donate , and he seemed
almost stove - like when a rower , whose teeth invariably chattered wildly
as soon as he ceased his labor , dropped down to sleep .
The correspondent , as he rowed , looked down at the two men sleeping
under - foot .
The cook 's arm was around the oiler 's shoulders , and , with
their fragmentary clothing and haggard faces , they were the babes of the
sea , a grotesque rendering of the old babes in the wood .
Later he must have grown stupid at his work , for suddenly there was a
growling of water , and a crest came with a roar and a swash into the
boat , and it was a wonder that it did not set the cook afloat in his
life - belt .
The cook continued to sleep , but the oiler sat up , blinking
his eyes and shaking with the new cold .
" Oh , I 'm awful sorry , Billie , " said the correspondent contritely .
" That 's all right , old boy , " said the oiler , and lay down again and was
asleep .
Presently it seemed that even the captain dozed , and the correspondent
thought that he was the one man afloat on all the oceans .
The wind had a
voice as it came over the waves , and it was sadder than the end .
There was a long , loud swishing astern of the boat , and a gleaming trail
of phosphorescence , like blue flame , was furrowed on the black waters .
It might have been made by a monstrous knife .
Then there came a stillness , while the correspondent breathed with the
open mouth and looked at the sea .
Suddenly there was another swish and another long flash of bluish light ,
and this time it was alongside the boat , and might almost have been
reached with an oar .
The correspondent saw an enormous fin speed like a
shadow through the water , hurling the crystalline spray and leaving the
long glowing trail .
The correspondent looked over his shoulder at the captain .
His face was
hidden , and he seemed to be asleep .
He looked at the babes of the sea .
They certainly were asleep .
So , being bereft of sympathy , he leaned a
little way to one side and swore softly into the sea .
But the thing did not then leave the vicinity of the boat .
Ahead or
astern , on one side or the other , at intervals long or short , fled the
long sparkling streak , and there was to be heard the whirroo of the dark
fin .
The speed and power of the thing was greatly to be admired .
It cut
the water like a gigantic and keen projectile .
The presence of this biding thing did not affect the man with the same
horror that it would if he had been a picnicker .
He simply looked at the
sea dully and swore in an undertone .
Nevertheless , it is true that he did not wish to be alone .
He wished one
of his companions to awaken by chance and keep him company with it .
But
the captain hung motionless over the water - jar , and the oiler and the
cook in the bottom of the boat were plunged in slumber .
VI
" If I am going to be drowned -- if I am going to be drowned -- if I am going
to be drowned , why , in the name of the seven mad gods who rule the sea ,
was I allowed to come thus far and contemplate sand and trees ? "
During this dismal night , it may be remarked that a man would conclude
that it was really the intention of the seven mad gods to drown him ,
despite the abominable injustice of it .
For it was certainly an
abominable injustice to drown a man who had worked so hard , so hard .
The
man felt it would be a crime most unnatural .
Other people had drowned at
sea since galleys swarmed with painted sails , but still --
When it occurs to a man that nature does not regard him as important ,
and that she feels she would not maim the universe by disposing of him ,
he at first wishes to throw bricks at the temple , and he hates deeply
the fact that there are no brick and no temples .
Any visible expression
of nature would surely be pelleted with his jeers .
Then , if there be no tangible thing to hoot he feels , perhaps , the
desire to confront a personification and indulge in pleas , bowed to one
knee , and with hands supplicant , saying : " Yes , but I love myself . "
A high cold star on a winter 's night is the word he feels that she says
to him .
Thereafter he knows the pathos of his situation .
The men in the dingey had not discussed these matters , but each had , no
doubt , reflected upon them in silence and according to his mind .
There
was seldom any expression upon their faces save the general one of
complete weariness .
Speech was devoted to the business of the boat .
To chime the notes of his emotion , a verse mysteriously entered the
correspondent 's head .
He had even forgotten that he had forgotten this
verse , but it suddenly was in his mind .
" A soldier of the Legion lay dying in Algiers ,
There was a lack of woman 's nursing , there was dearth of
woman 's tears ;
But a comrade stood beside him , and he took that comrade 's hand ,
And he said : ' I shall never see my own , my native land . ' "
In his childhood , the correspondent had been made acquainted with the
fact that a soldier of the Legion lay dying in Algiers , but he had never
regarded the fact as important .
Myriads of his school - fellows had
informed him of the soldier 's plight , but the dinning had naturally
ended by making him perfectly indifferent .
He had never considered it
his affair that a soldier of the Legion lay dying in Algiers , nor had it
appeared to him as a matter for sorrow .
It was less to him than the
breaking of a pencil 's point .
Now , however , it quaintly came to him as a human , living thing .
It was
no longer merely a picture of a few throes in the breast of a poet ,
meanwhile drinking tea and warming his feet at the grate ; it was an
actuality -- stern , mournful , and fine .
The correspondent plainly saw the soldier .
He lay on the sand with his
feet out straight and still .
While his pale left hand was upon his chest
in an attempt to thwart the going of his life , the blood came between
his fingers .
In the far Algerian distance , a city of low square forms
was set against a sky that was faint with the last sunset hues .
The
correspondent , plying the oars and dreaming of the slow and slower
movements of the lips of the soldier , was moved by a profound and
perfectly impersonal comprehension .
He was sorry for the soldier of the
Legion who lay dying in Algiers .
The thing which had followed the boat and waited , had evidently grown
bored at the delay .
There was no longer to be heard the slash of the
cut - water , and there was no longer the flame of the long trail .
The
light in the north still glimmered , but it was apparently no nearer to
the boat .
Sometimes the boom of the surf rang in the correspondent 's
ears , and he turned the craft seaward then and rowed harder .
Southward ,
some one had evidently built a watch - fire on the beach .
It was too low
and too far to be seen , but it made a shimmering , roseate reflection
upon the bluff back of it , and this could be discerned from the boat .
The wind came stronger , and sometimes a wave suddenly raged out like a
mountain - cat , and there was to be seen the sheen and sparkle of a broken
crest .
The captain , in the bow , moved on his water - jar and sat erect .
" Pretty
long night , " he observed to the correspondent .
He looked at the shore .
" Those life - saving people take their time . "
" Did you see that shark playing around ? "
" Yes , I saw him .
He was a big fellow , all right . "
" Wish I had known you were awake . "
Later the correspondent spoke into the bottom of the boat .
" Billie ! "
There was a slow and gradual disentanglement .
" Billie , will
you spell me ? "
" Sure , " said the oiler .
As soon as the correspondent touched the cold comfortable sea-water in
the bottom of the boat , and had huddled close to the cook 's life - belt he
was deep in sleep , despite the fact that his teeth played all the
popular airs .
This sleep was so good to him that it was but a moment
before he heard a voice call his name in a tone that demonstrated the
last stages of exhaustion .
" Will you spell me ? "
" Sure , Billie . "
The light in the north had mysteriously vanished , but the correspondent
took his course from the wide - awake captain .
Later in the night they took the boat farther out to sea , and the
captain directed the cook to take one oar at the stern and keep the boat
facing the seas .
He was to call out if he should hear the thunder of the
surf .
This plan enabled the oiler and the correspondent to get respite
together .
" We 'll give those boys a chance to get into shape again , " said
the captain .
They curled down and , after a few preliminary chatterings
and trembles , slept once more the dead sleep .
Neither knew they had
bequeathed to the cook the company of another shark , or perhaps the same
shark .
As the boat caroused on the waves , spray occasionally bumped over the
side and gave them a fresh soaking , but this had no power to break their
repose .
The ominous slash of the wind and the water affected them as it
would have affected mummies .
" Boys , " said the cook , with the notes of every reluctance in his voice ,
" she 's drifted in pretty close .
I guess one of you had better take her
to sea again . "
The correspondent , aroused , heard the crash of the
toppled crests .
As he was rowing , the captain gave him some whisky - and - water , and this
steadied the chills out of him .
" If I ever get ashore and anybody shows
me even a photograph of an oar - - "
At last there was a short conversation .
" Billie .... Billie , will you spell me ? "
" Sure , " said the oiler .
VII
When the correspondent again opened his eyes , the sea and the sky were
each of the grey hue of the dawning .
Later , carmine and gold was painted
upon the waters .
The morning appeared finally , in its splendor , with a
sky of pure blue , and the sunlight flamed on the tips of the waves .
On the distant dunes were set many little black cottages , and a tall
white windmill reared above them .
No man , nor dog , nor bicycle appeared
on the beach .
The cottages might have formed a deserted village .
The voyagers scanned the shore .
A conference was held in the boat .
" Well , " said the captain , " if no help is coming we might better try a
run through the surf right away .
If we stay out here much longer we will
be too weak to do anything for ourselves at all . "
The others silently
acquiesced in this reasoning .
The boat was headed for the beach .
The
correspondent wondered if none ever ascended the tall wind - tower , and if
then they never looked seaward .
This tower was a giant , standing with
its back to the plight of the ants .
It represented in a degree , to the
correspondent , the serenity of nature amid the struggles of the
individual -- nature in the wind , and nature in the vision of men .
She did
not seem cruel to him then , nor beneficent , nor treacherous , nor wise .
But she was indifferent , flatly indifferent .
It is , perhaps , plausible
that a man in this situation , impressed with the unconcern of the
universe , should see the innumerable flaws of his life , and have them
taste wickedly in his mind and wish for another chance .
A distinction
between right and wrong seems absurdly clear to him , then , in this new
ignorance of the grave - edge , and he understands that if he were given
another opportunity he would mend his conduct and his words , and be
better and brighter during an introduction or at a tea .
" Now , boys , " said the captain , " she is going to swamp , sure .
All we can
do is to work her in as far as possible , and then when she swamps , pile
out and scramble for the beach .
Keep cool now , and do n't jump until she
swamps sure . "
The oiler took the oars .
Over his shoulders he scanned the surf .
" Captain , " he said , " I think I 'd better bring her about , and keep her
head - on to the seas and back her in . "
" All right , Billie , " said the captain .
" Back her in . "
The oiler swung
the boat then and , seated in the stern , the cook and the correspondent
were obliged to look over their shoulders to contemplate the lonely and
indifferent shore .
The monstrous in - shore rollers heaved the boat high until the men were
again enabled to see the white sheets of water scudding up the slanted
beach .
" We wo n't get in very close , " said the captain .
Each time a man
could wrest his attention from the rollers , he turned his glance toward
the shore , and in the expression of the eyes during this contemplation
there was a singular quality .
The correspondent , observing the others ,
knew that they were not afraid , but the full meaning of their glances
was shrouded .
As for himself , he was too tired to grapple fundamentally with the fact .
He tried to coerce his mind into thinking of it , but the mind was
dominated at this time by the muscles , and the muscles said they did not
care .
It merely occurred to him that if he should drown it would be a
shame .
There were no hurried words , no pallor , no plain agitation .
The men
simply looked at the shore .
" Now , remember to get well clear of the boat
when you jump , " said the captain .
Seaward the crest of a roller suddenly fell with a thunderous crash , and
the long white comber came roaring down upon the boat .
" Steady now , " said the captain .
The men were silent .
They turned their
eyes from the shore to the comber and waited .
The boat slid up the
incline , leaped at the furious top , bounced over it , and swung down the
long back of the wave .
Some water had been shipped and the cook bailed
it out .
But the next crest crashed also .
The tumbling , boiling flood of white
water caught the boat and whirled it almost perpendicular .
Water swarmed
in from all sides .
The correspondent had his hands on the gunwale at
this time , and when the water entered at that place he swiftly withdrew
his fingers , as if he objected to wetting them .
The little boat , drunken with this weight of water , reeled and snuggled
deeper into the sea .
" Bail her out , cook !
Bail her out , " said the captain .
" All right , captain , " said the cook .
" Now , boys , the next one will do for us , sure , " said the oiler .
" Mind to
jump clear of the boat . "
The third wave moved forward , huge , furious , implacable .
It fairly
swallowed the dingey , and almost simultaneously the men tumbled into the
sea .
A piece of lifebelt had lain in the bottom of the boat , and as the
correspondent went overboard he held this to his chest with his left
hand .
The January water was icy , and he reflected immediately that it was
colder than he had expected to find it on the coast of Florida .
This
appeared to his dazed mind as a fact important enough to be noted at the
time .
The coldness of the water was sad ; it was tragic .
This fact was
somehow so mixed and confused with his opinion of his own situation that
it seemed almost a proper reason for tears .
The water was cold .
When he came to the surface he was conscious of little but the noisy
water .
Afterward he saw his companions in the sea .
The oiler was ahead
in the race .
He was swimming strongly and rapidly .
Off to the
correspondent 's left , the cook 's great white and corked back bulged out
of the water , and in the rear the captain was hanging with his one good
hand to the keel of the overturned dingey .
There is a certain immovable quality to a shore , and the correspondent
wondered at it amid the confusion of the sea .
It seemed also very attractive , but the correspondent knew that it was a
long journey , and he paddled leisurely .
The piece of life - preserver lay
under him , and sometimes he whirled down the incline of a wave as if he
were on a handsled .
But finally he arrived at a place in the sea where travel was beset
with difficulty .
He did not pause swimming to inquire what manner of
current had caught him , but there his progress ceased .
The shore was set
before him like a bit of scenery on a stage , and he looked at it and
understood with his eyes each detail of it .
As the cook passed , much farther to the left , the captain was calling to
him , " Turn over on your back , cook !
Turn over on your back and use the
oar . "
" All right , sir . "
The cook turned on his back , and , paddling with an
oar , went ahead as if he were a canoe .
Presently the boat also passed to the left of the correspondent with the
captain clinging with one hand to the keel .
He would have appeared like
a man raising himself to look over a board fence , if it were not for the
extraordinary gymnastics of the boat .
The correspondent marvelled that
the captain could still hold to it .
They passed on , nearer to shore -- the oiler , the cook , the captain -- and
following them went the water - jar , bouncing gaily over the seas .
The correspondent remained in the grip of this strange new enemy -- a
current .
The shore , with its white slope of sand and its green bluff ,
topped with little silent cottages , was spread like a picture before
him .
It was very near to him then , but he was impressed as one who in a
gallery looks at a scene from Brittany or Holland .
He thought : " I am going to drown ?
Can it be possible Can it be possible ?
Can it be possible ? "
Perhaps an individual must consider his own death
to be the final phenomenon of nature .
But later a wave perhaps whirled him out of this small , deadly current ,
for he found suddenly that he could again make progress toward the
shore .
Later still , he was aware that the captain , clinging with one
hand to the keel of the dingey , had his face turned away from the shore
and toward him , and was calling his name .
" Come to the boat !
Come to the
boat ! "
In his struggle to reach the captain and the boat , he reflected that
when one gets properly wearied , drowning must really be a comfortable
arrangement , a cessation of hostilities accompanied by a large degree of
relief , and he was glad of it , for the main thing in his mind for some
months had been horror of the temporary agony .
He did not wish to be
hurt .
Presently he saw a man running along the shore .
He was undressing with
most remarkable speed .
Coat , trousers , shirt , everything flew magically
off him .
" Come to the boat , " called the captain .
" All right , captain . "
As the correspondent paddled , he saw the captain
let himself down to bottom and leave the boat .
Then the correspondent
performed his one little marvel of the voyage .
A large wave caught him
and flung him with ease and supreme speed completely over the boat and
far beyond it .
It struck him even then as an event in gymnastics , and a
true miracle of the sea .
An over - turned boat in the surf is not a
plaything to a swimming man .
The correspondent arrived in water that reached only to his waist , but
his condition did not enable him to stand for more than a moment .
Each
wave knocked him into a heap , and the under - tow pulled at him .
Then he saw the man who had been running and undressing , and undressing
and running , come bounding into the water .
He dragged ashore the cook ,
and then waded towards the captain , but the captain waved him away , and
sent him to the correspondent .
He was naked , naked as a tree in winter ,
but a halo was about his head , and he shone like a saint .
He gave a
strong pull , and a long drag , and a bully heave at the correspondent 's
hand .
The correspondent , schooled in the minor formulae , said : " Thanks ,
old man . "
But suddenly the man cried : " What 's that ? "
He pointed a swift
finger .
The correspondent said : " Go . "
In the shallows , face downward , lay the oiler .
His forehead touched sand
that was periodically , between each wave , clear of the sea .
The correspondent did not know all that transpired afterward .
When he
achieved safe ground he fell , striking the sand with each particular
part of his body .
It was as if he had dropped from a roof , but the thud
was grateful to him .
It seems that instantly the beach was populated with men with blankets ,
clothes , and flasks , and women with coffeepots and all the remedies
sacred to their minds .
The welcome of the land to the men from the sea
was warm and generous , but a still and dripping shape was carried slowly
up the beach , and the land 's welcome for it could only be the different
and sinister hospitality of the grave .
When it came night , the white waves paced to and fro in the moonlight ,
and the wind brought the sound of the great sea's voice to the men on
shore , and they felt that they could then be interpreters .
Literature Network » Stephen Crane » The Open Boat
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Owen Coyle will ask Arsène Wenger to return Jack Wilshere on loan to Bolton Wanderers for the first half of next season , arguing that if the 18 - year - old midfielder is not to play regularly at Arsenal , then the Reebok Stadium would be the best place for his continued development .
Wilshere moved to Bolton at the end of the winter transfer window on loan until the end of the season and , according to Coyle , has improved with each passing game .
He was outstanding in the 1 - 0 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday , his 13th appearance for the club .
" I put in a call to Arsène last week but I think he was at a board meeting so I will try to have a chat with him this week , " said Coyle , the Bolton manager , who is looking to revamp his squad this summer .
" It is clear that Jack wants to be an Arsenal player ; I love that about him , he 's desperate to play in the Arsenal team .
" But if he was n't going to be in the Arsenal team , I believe it would help myself , Jack and Arsenal to give me another six months .
It would do him good staying with us and he would go back there bigger and stronger .
All I 'm saying is if Arsène and Arsenal do n't think he will be playing regularly at the start of the season , give me another six months and I will give him back in January .
I would love to keep him . "
Wilshere enjoyed an eye - catching pre‑season at Arsenal , with Wenger paying him the compliment of saying that " he reminds me a bit of Wayne Rooney when he started , in his belief and in his positive attitude to go forward " .
But , having been given his chance to start in four Arsenal games , he struggled to make an impression and Wenger was forced to rethink his strategy .
He decided that the loan to Bolton would be the best step forward .
Coyle initially played Wilshere in a wide midfield position before switching him to the centre .
" Arsène sees all the games , we send him all the stuff , " said Coyle .
" When clubs like Arsenal loan players out , they want to know that they are playing and they are looking for them to improve .
Jack is enjoying the style that we 're playing and he is a great kid as well .
You could see his face the other week when I beat him in the darts challenge .
He is such a talented player and he has a maturity way beyond his years .
" I feel very fortunate and privileged that Arsène has allowed us to have him and we would like to have him again .
It is up to Arsenal but it 's fair to say I 'll be doing everything I can to ask the question . "
( Natural News )
The FDA has launched an investigation into how patients at several different hospitals were exposed to as much as eight times more radiation than they were supposed to receive while undergoing computed tomography ( CT ) scans of their brains .
The scans , known as CT perfusion , already expose patients to more radiation than regular CT scans .
Patients are injected with an iodine solution , then their heads are exposed to a rapid series of X - rays to create a picture of how blood flows through their brains .
The scans are most often used to diagnose strokes , but can also be given in the chest as a way of examining blood flow through the heart .
An estimated 150,000 of the brain scans are performed in the United States every year .
The problem first emerged in August , when Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles discovered that more than 200 of its patients had been accidentally exposed to radiation levels eight times higher than were supposed to be used in the tests .
It took 18 months after the first of the overdose scans was performed for the hospital to discover the problem , even though some of the patients had suffered from skin redness and hair loss as a result of the procedure .
It is unknown exactly what the long - term effects of such radiation exposure will be , but it definitely raises the patients ' risk of cancer and other chronic diseases .
Because such problems can take decades to develop , however , the victims may never be able to directly link them to the botched CT scans
The FDA responded to the Cedars - Sinai announcement by launching an investigation into every facility in L.A. County that offers CT perfusion scans .
After several months , the agency announced that 50 more cases had been uncovered at Cedars Sinai , and that similar errors had also occurred at two other L.A. County locations .
One case was also identified in Alabama , in which 59 - year - old Becky Coudert received an even higher radiation dose than the Cedars - Sinai patients .
Coudert was given a CT brain perfusion scan to determine if she had suffered from a stroke , and over the next few weeks lost all the hair above her ears .
While the overdoses occurred with General Electric CT machines at three of the four institutions in question , the errors at Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center in California were made with a Toshiba machine .
This decreases the likelihood that the problems were caused by an equipment malfunction , though it does not rule it out .
" Given the fact that we are dealing with two manufacturers and multiple institutions , we would n't be surprised " to find problems elsewhere , said Dr. Jeffrey Shuren , acting director of the FDA Center for Devices and Radiological Health .
Shuren said the agency is still working to determine if the errors were mechanical or human in nature .
At two of the facilities , the errors occurred after the hospitals switched over to a new set of computer instructions for the CT perfusion machines .
A GE technician reprogrammed the machines at one hospital , but investigators have been unable to find out who made the changes at the other .
The FDA has issued new guidelines to prevent such errors from occurring again .
The recommended measures include a review of all CT perfusion scan protocols , and that hospital technicians be retrained to double - check the radiation dose to be delivered before beginning the test .
" While we do not know yet the full scope of the concern , facilities should take reasonable steps to double - check their approach to CT perfusion studies and take special care with these imaging tests , " Shuren said .
A number of the hospitals involved have either adopted the FDA guidelines or implemented similar policies of their own .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com;
Show full PR text
Seagate Breaks Capacity Ceiling With World 's First 3 Terabyte External Desktop Drive
New FreeAgent® GoFlex™ Desk External Drive Packs Unprecedented Amount of Storage for both Mac and PC
SCOTTS VALLEY , Calif . --( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Putting more terabytes in the hands of consumers worldwide , Seagate ( NASDAQ : STX ) , the leader in hard drives and storage solutions , today announced the world 's first 3 Terabyte ( TB ) external desktop drive .
Available immediately , the 3TB FreeAgent® GoFlex ™
Desk external hard drive helps to meet the explosive worldwide demand for digital content storage in both the home and the office .
With 3TB of capacity people can store up to 120 HD movies , 1,500 video games , thousands of photos or countless hours of digital music .
" Consumer capacity demands are quickly out - pacing the needs of business as people continue to collect high - definition videos , photos and music "
A key addition to the company 's recently introduced GoFlex™ family of hard drives , the 3TB GoFlex Desk external drive couples immense capacity with the flexibility to adapt the drive 's USB 2.0 interface to a USB 3.0 or FireWire® 800 connection to meet varying performance and transfer speed needs .
Consumers can easily create , store and access content from either a Windows ® or Mac OS X computer on the GoFlex Desk external drive , thanks to an included NTFS driver for Mac .
" Consumer capacity demands are quickly out - pacing the needs of business as people continue to collect high - definition videos , photos and music , " said Dave Mosley , Seagate executive vice president of Sales , Marketing and Product Line Management .
" Seagate has a tradition of designing products that break into new storage frontiers to meet customer requirements and the 3TB GoFlex ™ Desk external drive is no exception –delivering the highest - capacity storage solution available today . "
A recent report by Parks Associates indicates the average consumer household will see its digital media storage needs grow to nearly 900GB by year - end 2014 , driven in large part by video downloads , managed copies of Blu-ray Disc , and increasing use of DVR recording capabilities1 .
The GoFlex Desk external drive delivers unconstrained2 , high - capacity storage and automatic , continuous backup with software file encryption to help keep all data safe and secure3 .
The standard USB 2.0 interface can be upgraded to USB 3.0 or FireWire® 800 by coupling the drive with the appropriate GoFlex™ desktop adapter to increase file transfer performance by up to 10 x for easier copying or sharing of files4 .
" As the definition quality of digital cameras increases , playback devices such as digital photo frames and MP3 players proliferate and the use of the Internet for downloading music and video continues to grow , more files accumulate in the home , " said Kurt Scherf , vice president and principle analyst of Parks Associates .
" Consumers who are active in digital media creation and consumption will witness their digital media storage needs grow nine - fold by 2014 , driving the demand for higher capacity , easy - to - use storage solutions . "
The GoFlex Desk external drive is compatible with both the Windows ® operating system and Mac® computers .
Each drive includes an NTFS driver for Mac , which allows the drive to store and access files from both Windows and Mac OS X computers without reformatting .
The NTFS driver is simply installed once on a Mac computer , allowing it to read and write files on a Windows formatted5 drive .
Its sleek black , 3.5 - inch design sits either vertically or horizontally to accommodate any desktop environment .
The 3TB GoFlex Desk external drive with USB 2.0 adapter can be purchased on Seagate.com and through select retailers for $ 249.99 .
About Seagate
Seagate is the worldwide leader in hard disk drives and storage solutions .
Learn more at http://www.seagate.com.
© 2010 Seagate Technology LLC .
All rights reserved .
Seagate , Seagate Technology , the Wave logo , FreeAgent , and GoFlex are trademarks or registered trademarks of Seagate Technology LLC or its affiliates in the United States and / or other countries .
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
When referring to drive capacity , one gigabyte , or GB , equals one billion bytes and one terabyte , or TB , equals one thousand billion bytes .
Your computer 's operating system may use a different standard of measurement and report a lower capacity .
In addition , some of the listed capacity is used for formatting and other functions and will not be available for data storage .
Quantitative usage examples for various applications are for illustrative purposes .
Actual quantities will vary based on various factors , including file size , file format , features , and application software .
Actual data rates may vary depending on operating environment and other factors .
The export or re-export of hardware or software containing encryption may be regulated by the U.S. Department of Commerce , Bureau of Industry and Security ( for more information , visit www.bis.doc.gov).
Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user .
Seagate reserves the right to change , without notice , product offerings or specifications .
1 " Consumer Storage Opportunities , " by Kurt Scherf and Pietro Macchiarella , Parks Associates , March 2010 .
2 The GoFlex™ Desk external drive has been specially engineered to overcome the Windows HDD limitation of 2.1TB .
3 Included backup software delivered by Memeo and Memeo Premium backup software for Mac .
4 View how the GoFlex family of hard drives works at http://bit.ly/cMVxOP.
5 Reformatting to HFS + required to use backup software for Mac or Time Machine® software .
Seismic waves traveling between Earth 's poles move faster than those moving east - west , and now scientists think they may know why .
The iron alloys in the solid inner core of the Earth appear to have crystallized in such a way that it 's easier for energy to pass on the north - south axis than on the east - west , as described in a new study led by Maurizio Mattesini , a geologist at the Universidad Complutense de Madrid , which appeared in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" The structure of the atoms looks different in one direction than the other , " explained Norm Sleep , a Stanford geologist who was not part of the new study ,
In the textbooks of yore , the Earth 's inner regions like the mantle and core were presented as simple , fairly homogeneous regions .
But the geology of the core is turning out to be much more complex as scientists make use of more and better seismographs to generate better data about how seismic waves travel through the planet .
The outer core is composed mostly of liquid iron .
The inner core is solid ball about 750 miles in diameter , or a little less than the maximum width of the state of Texas , which formed as the Earth cooled over geologic time , said David Stephenson , a geologist at CalTech .
" The center of the earth is literally a crystal , " said Stephenson .
Over time , it grew and now is no longer a single crystal but an aggregate of them .
In the mid-1990s , geologists began to notice an interesting thing .
Seismic waves traveling north - south were reaching their destinations about 3 percent faster than waves moving along east - west paths .
" It 's one of these things that 's been detected for some time but kind of why it occurs has been somewhat of a puzzle , " Sleep said .
They did n't know why , but then again , the middle of the globe is perhaps the most difficult place to gather data on Earth .
The new paper suggests that as the crystals formed , they received a particular alignment .
That alignment , known as anisotropy , makes it easier for waves to travel in one direction than the other .
The most significant thing about the new paper , Stephenson said , is that the researchers were able to match up the results that seismologists have been getting on the speed of seismic waves through the core with new laboratory tests with particular kinds of iron crystals .
Image : NASA
" Hemispherical anisotropic patterns of the Earth ’s inner core " by Maurizio Mattesinia , Anatoly B. Belonoshkob , Elisa Buforna , María Ramíreza , Sergei I. Simakc , Agustín Udíasa , Ho -Kwang Maod , and Rajeev Ahujae in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1004856107
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
WASHINGTON — Fresh off Senate approval of the overhaul of the nation ’s financial regulations , the Obama administration quickly moved on Friday to shape the final version of the bill .
In three areas , consumer protection , restricting banks from using their own money to make bets in the market , and dealing with failing institutions that threaten the financial system , administration officials suggested that they were inclined to favor provisions in the Senate version over those of the House bill , which was passed in December .
But the fate of a Senate provision that could require banks to spin off their lucrative derivatives trading desks is in fierce contention .
The author of the provision , Senator Blanche Lincoln , Democrat of Arkansas , has so far fended off attempts to water it down , but financial institutions are preparing to lobby against it over the next several weeks .
Treasury officials have privately expressed strong reservations about the provision .
Senator Christopher J. Dodd , chairman of the Banking Committee , and Representative Barney Frank , chairman of the Financial Services Committee , who will shepherd the reconciliation process , said after meeting with President Obama at the White House that they were confident that a final bill could be delivered for his signature by Independence Day .
On this day in 1941 at 9:05 p.m. , little Bobby Zimmerman — a.k.a.
His Dylanness — was born .
Earn your degree in Dylanology with our primer on unexpected Bobster trivia , featuring one fact for each of his 69 years , after the jump .
Do n’t think twice !
1. Before he renamed himself Bob Dylan , Robert Allen Zimmerman briefly went by Elston Gunn .
2. Dylan ’s father , Abe , was a semi- professional baseball player before he contracted polio in his early twenties .
3. According to Bob Spitz , author of
, it was Dylan who first introduced the Fab Four to marijuana .
4 . The phrase next to Robert Zimmerman ’s picture in the 1959 Hibbing High School Yearbook was “ To join Little Richard . ”
5. Dylan ’s first professional recording was as a harmonica player at a Harry Belafonte session .
6 . His great - grandfather and uncles owned the biggest movie theaters in Hibbing , Minnesota , allowing a young Dylan to watch films for free .
7. After seeing Rebel Without a Cause , Dylan became obsessed with James Dean .
8 . In 10th grade , Dylan and his back - up band were rejected from a high school talent show because the student council judged his performance at the audition too shocking .
9 . Before he flunked out of the University of Minnesota , Dylan pledged to the fraternity Sigma Alpha Mu .
10 .
In college , Dylan was known for scamming his friends out of cigarettes and articles of clothing .
11 . In 1960 , Tommy Smothers of the Smothers Brothers tried to get the manager of a Denver club to kick Dylan off the bill , complaining that his voice was awful .
12 . During his days in Greenwich Village in the 1960s , Dylan became a chess fiend .
13 . When Dylan met girlfriend Suze Rotolo ’s mother , Mary , he lied and told her that he had a degenerative eye disease that would eventually lead him to go blind , earning him Mary ’s eternal distrust .
14 . Bob Dylan appeared with Joni Mitchell on the first episode of The Johnny Cash Show .
15 .
When he was first signed to Columbia Records , Dylan conned his way out of a stipulation that required his parents to sign ( at 20 , Dylan was considered a minor at the time ) by convincing John Hammond that he was an orphan .
16 . Suze Rotolo ’s pet names for Dylan were “ the Pig ” and “ RAZ . ”
17 .
When a CBS censor informed him that he could n’t play “ Talkin ’ John Birch Paranoid Blues ” on The Ed Sullivan Show , Dylan refused to go on .
18 . Dylan ’s first major appearance on American television was on The Steve Allen Show in 1964 .
When Dylan announced that he was playing the song “ Hattie Caroll , ” only one audience member clapped in recognition .
19 .
In 2004 , Dylan earned an honorary doctorate in music from the University of St. Andrews .
20 .
The only other honorary degree Dylan has accepted was in 1970 from Princeton .
21 . Last year , Dylan was detained by the police in New Jersey after a homeowner spotted him wandering around a residential block in the rain .
22 . During Dylan ’s 1965 tour of England , reporters swarmed the singer at Heathrow .
They were so entranced by Dylan that Lena Horne , then an enormous British celebrity , passed by the gaggle of photographers unnoticed .
23 .
The first time Donovan and Bob Dylan met , Dylan and his entourage all wore Halloween masks .
24 . Dylan ’s first draft of “ Like a Rolling Stone ” was six pages long .
25 .
His first wife , Sara Lownds , worked as a Playboy bunny .
26 .
One night at Max ’s Kansas City , Dylan and his road manager , Bob Neuwirth , insulted The Rolling Stones ’ Brian Jones until Jones broke down in tears .
27 . Dylan struck up a short - lived friendship with Tiny Tim , who Dylan recorded singing “ Like a Rolling Stone ” while strumming the ukulele .
28 . He appeared in the 1973 Sam Peckinpah film Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid as a drifter named Alias .
29 . Kris Kristofferson was the custodian at the studio where Dylan recorded Nashville Skyline .
30 .
Aside from song - writing , Dylan is also a prolific painter .
The cover of his 1970 Self Portrait is his own painting .
31 . After his friend Phil Ochs died , Dylan took to polishing off a fifth of bourbon a day .
32 . Pauline Kael called Dylan ’s film Renaldo & Clara “ what Louis and Marie Antoinette might have done at Versailles if only they ’d had the cameras . ”
33 . According to Nico , Edie Sedgwick was the subject of “ Leopard - Skin Pill - Box Hat . ”
34 . From around 1960 to 1964 , Dylan ’s preferred intoxicants were pot and Beaujolais .
35 . After Dylan ’s 1966 motorcycle accident , Allen Ginsberg brought him a box full of books to aid his recovery .
36 .
In the summer of 1970 , Dylan was briefly involved in the production of a musical version of The Devil and Daniel Webster with poet Archibald MacLeish but backed out when he and MacLeish did n’t see eye to eye .
37 .
At John Prine ’s second gig outside of Chicago ever , Dylan showed up to play backup harmonica .
38 . The original title of Planet Waves was Ceremonies of the Horsemen .
39 .
The first words Dylan spoke to playwright Sam Shepard , who Dylan had hired to write scenes for the movie Eat the Document , were “ We do n’t have to make any connections .
None of this has to connect . ”
40 . Shepard and Dylan cowrote a 12 - minute song called “ Brownsville Girl ” based on the Gregory Peck film The Gunfighter .
Dylan has only played it in concert once .
41 . After Elvis died , Dylan did n’t speak to anyone for a week .
42 . In 1978 , Dylan took a three - month course at the Vineyard School of Discipleship as part of his conversion to born - again Christianity .
43 .
An offhand comment Dylan made at Live Aid inspired Willie Nelson to organize Farm Aid .
44 . During his satellite radio hour , Bob Dylan covered a verse of LL Cool J’s “ Mama Said Knock You Out . ”
45 . Dylan toured with the Grateful Dead for six shows in 1987 .
46 . Bruce Springsteen inducted Bob Dylan into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 .
47 . The Traveling Wilburys started when Tom Petty , Roy Orbison , George Harrison , and Jeff Lynne recorded a Harrison B- side called “ Handle with Care ” at Dylan ’s house in Malibu .
48 . The Pulitzer Prize committee gave Dylan a special citation in 2008 for “ lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power . ”
49 .
In 2001 , Dylan received an Academy Award for his song “ Things Have Changed , ” featured in the film Wonder Boys .
According to rumor , Dylan often props his Oscar up on the speakers when he ’s playing .
50 . Since 1988 , as part of his “ Never - Ending Tour , ” Bob Dylan has played at least 100 concerts per year .
51 . Dylan starred in a 1987 box - office flop Hearts on Fire as a rock star turned farmer .
52 . When Dylan performed for Pope John Paul II in 1997 , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger ( the current Pope Benedict ) , tried to stop Dylan from playing .
53 . “ Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 ” was recorded in one take .
54 . Joni Mitchell recently revealed a giant grudge against Dylan .
55 .
In 1999 , Dylan appeared on an episode of Dharma & Greg .
56 . Seinfeld veteran Larry Charles directed Dylan ’s 2003 film Masked & Anonymous .
57 . Dylan has played shows in supported of the ultra-Orthodox Lubavitcher sect of Judaism .
58 . During a cross-country trip in 1964 , Dylan showed up at Carl Sandburg ’s doorstep and handed the poet a copy of The Times They Are A - Changin ’ .
59 .
At the release party for Blood on the Tracks , Bob Dylan ’s table included guests Bette Midler and David Bowie .
60 .
Dylan ’s experimental novel ,
, was published in 1971 .
61 .
When he was in high school , his standard order at the local luncheonette was cherry pie á la mode .
62 . Patti Smith and Dylan toured together briefly in 1995 .
63 .
He also appeared in a 2004 Victoria ’s Secret commercial .
64 . Weird Al Yankovic did a song entirely of palindromes called “ Bob ” that was styled on “ Subterranean Homesick Blues . ”
65 . Dylan ’s younger brother , David Zimmerman , is a record producer .
66 . Dylan has nine grandchildren and sports a bumper sticker on his car that reads “ World ’s Greatest Grandpa . ”
67 . Dylan got the idea for some of the lyrics for his album Love and Theft from the book Confessions of a Yakuza .
68 . Last year , Dylan released an album of Christmas songs entitled
, which includes a sped - up , Dylanized version of “ Must Be Santa . ”
69 .
In February , Dylan braved a blizzard to perform at a civil rights concert at the White House .
To provide location - based services on Apple products , Apple and our partners and licensees may collect , use , and share precise location data , including the real - time geographic location of your Apple computer or device .
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by Apple and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location - based products and services .
For example , we may share geographic location with application providers when you opt in to their location services .
Some location - based services offered by Apple , such as the MobileMe " Find My iPhone " feature , require your personal information for the feature to work .
what
who
Attitude over aptitude ,
Effort over ability ,
Character over talent .
Parenting expert Malcolm Gauld , addresses one of the ongoing issues in schools in America — bullying — and argues that our culture ’s preoccupation with achievement lies at its root .
Gauld is recognized as one of the nation ’s leading experts on character education and parenting .
He is President of Hyde Schools , the network of character - building public and private schools that pioneered the ‘ Attitude over Aptitude ’ philosophy .
In the wake of yet another tragic teen suicide , that of Phoebe Prince , the Massachusetts teenager who hanged herself recently in her own home after enduring months of bullying at the hands of schoolmates , I again find myself asking :
What are we really teaching our kids ?
After 35 + years of working with kids and families , I sometimes claim that I have immunity from astonishment .
That ’s not true .
The loss of any student is always a major jolt , a sensory overload that leaves an emotional scar lasting forever .
However , the loss of a student by his or her own hand is immediately unbearable , taking on a feeling that can only be called sickening .
As educators , we become obsessed with finding some way to ensure that kids like Phoebe Prince do not die in vain .
And yet , our schools remain paralyzed , focused on objectives that are not only unsound ; they actually fuel many of the problems we profess to want to solve .
Our dynamic reminds me of an old “ I Love Lucy ” episode .
When Ricky comes home to find Lucy on hands and knees looking for a lost earring on the living room floor , he asks , “ Did you lose it here in the living room ? ”
Lucy replies , “ No , I lost it in the bedroom , but the light is so much better here .
” That scene reminds me of what we ’re doing with our kids in our schools .
We care more aboutthey can do than aboutthey are .
And they know it .
They know that we ’re totally focused on improving their test scores .
On some level they might sense that we ’d also like them to develop their character , but they know it ’s really only the ” Suggested Reading ” section of the syllabus .
Parents might blame the schools , but we are fully complicit in the problem as are the colleges with their steadfast admissions requirements .
Never kid a kid .
Regardless of whether they can figure out the quadratic equation we want them to solve , they will never misread our true expectations of them .
They simply establish their priorities in accordance with ours .
Just as no amount of tinkering was going to save the horse - and - buggy from the advent of the automobile , the schools of today are not going to get us where we want to go .
We need to retool , overhaul , or better yet , flat - out junk what we ’ve got and begin anew with fresh priorities :
There are schools , such as those within the Hyde Organization , that do strive to honor these priorities one school at a time , knowing that it ’s too slow .
We look to partner with others — schools , parents , communities — who want to trigger a national discussion that will transform schools into the inspirational beacons they absolutely must be for kids like Phoebe , those in S. Hadley , and millions of others across the country .
We owe it to them .
We owe it to us .
Malcolm Gauld is recognized as one of the nation ’s leading experts on character education and parenting .
His character development program , delivered at the Hyde schools , has been featured on The Today Show , PBS , and much more .
A natural storyteller , Malcolm uses humor and personal experience to convey his practical , insightful , and timely messages on parenting , character , and leadership to a wide mainstream audience .
For more information about Malcolm Gauld , Hyde Schools , and The Biggest Job We ’ll Ever Have parenting workshops , contact Rose Mulligan at ( 207 ) 837-9441 , by email at rmulligan@hyde.edu or visit greatparenting 101.com and hyde.edu
Long before “ sustainable ” became a buzzword , intellectuals wondered how long industrial society could survive .
In “ The Idea of Decline in Western History , ” after surveying predictions from the mid-19th century until today , the historian Arthur Herman identifies two consistently dominant schools of thought .
The first school despairs because it foresees inevitable ruin .
The second school is hopeful — but only because these intellectuals foresee ruin , too , and can hardly wait for the decadent modern world to be replaced by one more to their liking .
Every now and then , someone comes along to note that society has failed to collapse and might go on prospering , but the notion is promptly dismissed in academia as happy talk from a simpleton .
Predicting that the world will not end is also pretty good insurance against a prolonged stay on the best - seller list .
Have you read Julian Simon ’s “ The State of Humanity ” ?
Indur Goklany ’s “ The Improving State of the World ” ?
Gregg Easterbrook ’s “ Sonic Boom ” ?
Good books all , and so is the newest addition to this slender canon , “ The Rational Optimist , ” by Matt Ridley .
It does much more than debunk the doomsaying .
Dr. Ridley provides a grand unified theory of history from the Stone Age to the better age awaiting us in 2100 .
It ’s an audacious task , but he has the intellectual breadth for it .
A trained zoologist and former editor at The Economist , Dr. Ridley has established himself in previous books , like “ The Origins of Virtue ” and “ Genome , ” as the supreme synthesist of lessons from anthropology , psychology , molecular genetics , economics and game theory .
This time he takes on all of human history , starting with our mysteriously successful debut .
What made Homo sapiens so special ?
Dr. Ridley argues that it was n’t our big brain , because Neanderthals had a big brain , too .
Nor was it our willingness to help one another , because apes and other social animals also had an instinct for reciprocity .
Bush did n’t flinch with Alito and Roberts , both were quite conservative , no questions asked .
Sotomayor , on the other hand , and Kagan , are hardly as liberal as Alito and Roberts are conservative .
Why are Democrats always less Democratic than Republicans are Republican ?
From the NYT :
The selection of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to be the nation ’s 112th justice extends a quarter - century pattern in which Republican presidents generally install strong conservatives on the Supreme Court while Democratic presidents pick candidates who often disappoint their liberal base .
Ms. Kagan is certainly too liberal for conservatives , who quickly criticized her nomination on Monday as a radical threat .
But much like every other Democratic nominee since the 1960s , she does not fit the profile sought by the left , which hungers for a full - throated counterweight to the court ’s conservative leader , Justice Antonin Scalia .
An Alabama teacher has been suspended after a national outcry for using an assassination attempt against President Obama to illustrate a maths problem to his class .
Gregory Harrison , the teacher at Corner High School in Jefferson County , Alabama , was to receive a slap on the wrist in the form of a " long conversation " with the local school authorities , after sparking a Secret Service investigation when he discussed possible angles to use in shooting at the president .
But officials only later decided they needed to take tougher action against Harrison following a flood of calls from people outraged at the lenient treatment .
Harrison 's deadly lesson was revealed this week by the local newspaper , Birmingham News , which reported :
The teacher was appar­ently teaching his geometry students about parallel lines and angles , officials said .
He used the example of where to stand and aim if shooting Obama .
" He was talking about angles and said , ' If you 're in this building , you would need to take this angle to shoot the president , ' " said Joseph Brown , a senior in the geometry class .
Another student said : " We were going over a test and getting reviewed for our finals and were going over tangency .
A student walked in and said , ' Well , if you shoot the president ...' and the teacher picked up on it and said , ' OK , if you shoot off his ear , that is a point of tangency . ' "
District schools superintendent Phil Hammonds said Harrison had shown a lack of judgment and was now suspended pending further investigation .
" As a district , we are embarrassed by his actions and what he said .
There is nothing that can be said to rationalise what was said .
We take this very seriously .
There is no place in our society for a person to make these comments , " Hammonds said .
Before the flood of complaints , however , Birmingham News reported that Hammonds 's initial response was : " We are going to have a long conversation with him about what 's appropriate . "
The Secret Service confirmed that it investigated Harrison before the story was made public , saying : " We did not find a credible threat . "
Malia Drummond , a student in Harrison 's class during the lesson , defended him as an conscientious teacher who did n't deserve to be fired .
She told Birmingham News : " Yeah , the comment was probably inappropriate , but who in America has n't make a joke about Obama ?
They make it sound like he was plotting an assassination , but it was n't like that . "
Meet the New Boss , Part One : Empire
The politics of Empire and the National Security State were not an unfortunate deviation of the Bush years , and by no means something peculiar to conservative Republicans .
The roots of American Empire go way back to the early 20th century .
New Left historian William Appleman Williams coined the phrase “ Open Door Empire ” for the consensus foreign policy that arose at the turn of the twentieth century .
The version of Open Door Imperialism currently in place , the neoliberal system , traces back to FDR ’s planning for a postwar global order .
FDR ’s main policy goal , in maneuvering the United States into WWII , was to counter the threat that a major part of the resources and markets of the world required for integration into the American corporate economy would be , instead , incorporated into autarkic projects like Fortress Europe and the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere .
The central aim of the post - war power structure was to guarantee that no nation would ever be able to promote large - scale defection from the global corporate order enforced by the United States , and to prevent any nation from emerging to challenge the United States as ( in Samuel Huntington ’s phrase ) “ hegemonic power in a system of world order . ”
The basic consensus on which American postwar foreign policy has been based is shared by the mainstream of both major parties .
The central tenet of this consensus was ably stated by Noam Chomsky : the United States ( or rather the state - corporate elite whose interests the United States government serves ) owns the world .
At the “ left ” extreme of the consensus , some liberals may suggest that some war — Vietnam , say , or Iraq — was “ a mistake . ”
But they do n’t challenge the basic policy goals it was fought to promote .
They never question the basic principle that the United States should be more powerful militarily than the rest of the world put together .
They never express any doubt that the United States has the unique right , among all other countries in the world , to define a “ threat ” as the ability to resist an attack by the United States and to define as “ aggression ” the refusal to take orders from the United States .
If anyone has any doubts that this consensus is still very much in effect under Barack Obama , a look at the Quadrennial Defense [ sic ]
Review should settle them .
The document recommends a military posture suited to dealing with “ two capable nation - state aggressors . ”
Now , to understand what ’s meant by “ aggressor , ” you need only note that the two likely cases of “ aggression ” envisioned by the U.S. national security state are n’t a two - pronged assault on American territory by the military juggernauts of Canada and Mexico .
Nope .
They ’re the kind of deal where the United States has to helpfully maintain forward military bases on the other side of the world , within a few hundred miles of the borders of the “ nation - state aggressors , ” for the “ aggression ” even to be physically possible .
But then every conventional conflict the U.S. government has fought against a “ nation - state aggressor ” since WWII has been about what some other country on the other side of the world did within a few hundred miles of its own borders .
None of those enemies has even possessed the logistical capability to fight outside its own environs .
If the United States only fought wars against the kind of “ aggression ” that involved the actual threat of military attack on American territory , we would n’t get to have any wars to “ defend our freedom ” at all !
The Quadrennial “ Defense ” Review continues to assume , as a natural state of affairs , a military budget larger than those of all the rest of the world combined and thousands of military garrisons in dozens of countries .
As the QDR itself spells out , the major “ threats ” anticipated by the United States amount to “ anti-access ” strategies that impede its “ power projection capabilities ” around the world .
Imagine , if you will , a parallel world in which the Chinese military budget is larger than those of the rest of the world put together .
The Chinese High Command identifies , as one of the major “ threats , ” American military forces capable of invading Cuba or Central America .
One of the Chinese planners ’ contingencies for “ defending against aggression ” is the projection of Chinese military force into the Caribbean to defeat an American attack on its neighbors .
The Chinese leadership regularly rebukes the United States , with its military budget roughly a tenth as large as China ’s , for possessing military forces “ far beyond its legitimate defensive needs . ”
The Chinese “ Defense Posture ” for the Caribbean region is designed to counter the immense “ threat ” presented by the possibility that the United States might be able to fight back if attacked .
Sound like something out of Looking Glass World ?
Change the names and it ’s the world we live in .
Here are two accounts dissecting in detail the events from yesterday .
One is from Dan Hinckley at Wild Analytics , the second from Dan O'Brien .
Anatomy Of A Capitulation
Having seen the capitulation unfold second by second and then listen to CNBC come up with every excuse under the sun just got under my skin .
I 've decided to chart some of our one second analytics charts of the capitulation unfolding on our screens .
The chart below ( more to follow ) captures the moment of the final capitulation , before the reversal today .
The idea that it was a ' fat finger ' error is ludicrous ; unless the fat finger hit every market in the world virtually simultaneously .
Liquidity simply left the world financial markets for about four minutes this afternoon .
The bids just vanished .
And what else vanished ?
Remember the vaunted supplemental liquidity providers , led by Goldman Sachs .
Remember that they are paid to " provide liquidity " through their predatory high - frequency algos , they are not required to do so .
So when the S@#$T hit the fan they just disappeared .
In one second more or less someone ( and yes , under these circumstances , human beings take control of the machines ) made the decision to pull the bids on every equity in the S&P , every financial futures contract , every FX contract in every market in the world .
This kind of thing just does n't happen in a pure auction environment ; there just is n't a tight enough communication link between the parties to allow the decisions to propagate within the same second -- even with HFT algorithms .
No .
Some human made the decision to pull the bids ; all of them , all at once .
If that is not a condemnation of the concentration of financial power and the systematic risk it engenders I do n't know what is .
As you look from the top to the bottom of this chart ( 1 second histograms ) you will see first the TICK of all US securities falling rapidly ; then as it hit - 3700 ( that 's a record 3700 stocks ticking down vs up ) , look down the chart and see what happens .
The markets freeze ; there are no bids anywhere .
There is virtually no trading , no shares changing hands ( e- mini time and sales will show 8 or 10 contracts at each level for some moments here , but that is virtually nothing ) .
The next graph is the ESM10 e-mini contract .
At 1444 and change it just drops like a stone .
The EURJPY below it goes into free fall at exactly the same second .
The USDJPY below it drops but then holds steady for nearly a minute ( carry unwinders are at this point looking for dollars ANYwhere , even against the YEN ) .
At about the same moment the 10yr US treasury futures contract catches air ; the money has to go somewhere .
Gold ironically does is behind the 10yr futures in getting rocketed .
This is the kind of thing we take a couple of hours to deconstruct ; more on this in a follow - up post .
But notice that we have the same phenomena here : there are suddenly no offers for either the treasuries or gold .
( note I am comparing apples and oranges here ; GLD vs 10yr FUT ; this bears further analysis ; if the lag bears out , but then switches out at some other point in the ( near ) future we would find this extremely significant )
Now , next you see Procter & Gamble .
I included this because it was the focus of the idiotic ( and I mean this with all the love in my heart for the CNBC ' analysts ' ; it must be tough when you do n't have a teleprompter ) .
Supposedly there was a ' glitch ' that caused PG to trade hugely down .
In reality it simply behaved in unison with every other instrument in the entire global market at that moment .
The bids were gone .
Nevermind that the NYSE did n't trade that low ; they only control a quarter of the action anyway ; ask someone what their supplemental ' liquidity providers ' were doing at that moment .
You can see by looking at the $ TICK above that not all stocks traded quite the same .
There are courageous ( read foolish ) retail traders out there that actually put a bid in when they disappeared everywhere else and got hit .
Otherwise , in every other market , NOTHING got hit until nearly SIMULTANEOUSLY the bids were back in the market , albeit at a hugely lower price ( vice versa for GLD and treasuries ) .
At this point , in most ( non retail markets ) there was such a huge spread that it took nearly 3 minutes ( minutes ! ) for the bids to find someone to buy from -- at this point the sellers , algos watched by humans , are anticipating a snap - back and are not going to sell cheap .
The drop into the abyss is over and ' normal ' trading resumes , on about 14:48 .
Volumes , and the order book flow were a sight to behold .
Hopefully it was a once in a lifetime event ; but do n't hold your breath .
Finally notice that the EURUSD and AUDUSD are slightly late to the game to recover .
Although the auction resumes about the same time , they continue to print precipitously longer .
This is all the confirmation of Cluesix ' AUD analysis I need .
No one is talking about it today , but after Asia tonight they will ; Asia ( and even China ) are next .
That 's all I have for tonight ; things are busy here ; I will try to follow up with some more second - by - second charts and a more detailed forensic with volume , moneyflow / agression and an order book analysis .
" Mega - Drop - Just What the Computer Ordered "
" What goes up must come down . "
You have heard this phrase - right ?
Well , it does n't only apply to gravity - it also applies to computerized trading .
If you did n't know how the recent 1 - year rally has occurred , you either have n't been reading my notes or I have n't been clear enough .
I will try to be blunt : the massive 12 - month rally , in my seasoned opinion , has occurred almost entirely due to program / algorithmic trading in New York .
Despite the chronically low volume , prices continued to increase .
This is quite similar to stating that GDP will increase forever based on the new drug - hopeium - alone .
Neither will last .
When the housing market was going gangbusters , nobody in Washington DC gave a damn .
Representative Ron Paul often brought up the sickening calamity - to - be of FNM and FRE , but was often rebuked by Barney Frank who told Representative Paul that FNM and FRE were just fine and nothing bad would happen .
Yeah --- not so much !
The same is happening with stock trading right now : as the indices go higher - nobody gives a damn how or why ... it's all good as long as share prices increase .
I have written repeatedly on the preposterous LACK of volume on rally days , yet nobody but myself and a few other blogs bothered to discuss this .
Why ?
The lame steam media did n't care , so neither did many others , thus the lack of attention .
There were accusations on the floor today of a bogus 150 k to a 500k " fat finger " mini S&P trade that caused the drop .
There were others on television who blamed it on a bad trade in Proctor & Gamble .
However it may have started it 's irrelevant ; what happened after that is important .
I believe it was very similar to the 1987 crash where " portfolio insurance " brought down the market .
Once the market dropped enough , this " insurance " triggered wave after wave of sell - stops that drove the market lower .
I believe this happened today via our friends in the " too big to fail " community ... their tradng desk algorithms to be exact .
According to Bloomberg ... Computerized trades sent to electronic networks turned an orderly stock market decline into a rout today , according to Larry Leibowitz , the chief operating officer of NYSE Euronext .
While the first half of the Dow Jones Industrial Average ’s 998.5 - point plunge probably reflected normal trading , the sell - off snowballed because of orders sent to venues with no investors willing to match them , Leibowitz said in an interview on Bloomberg Television .
Reuters says the following ... A spine - chilling slide of nearly 1,000 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , its biggest intraday points drop ever , led to heightened calls for a crackdown on computer - driven high - frequency trading .
The slide , which in one 10 - minute stretch knocked the index down nearly 700 points , may have been triggered by a trading error .
Major stock indexes eventually recovered from their 9 percent drops to close down a little more than 3 percent .
But the follow - through selling that pushed stocks of some highly regarded companies into tailspins exacerbated concerns that regulators can quickly lose control of the markets in a world of algorithmic trading .
" The potential for giant high - speed computers to generate false trades and create market chaos reared its head again today , " Senator Edward Kaufman said in a statement .
" The battle of the algorithms -- not understood by nor even remotely transparent to the Securities and Exchange Commission -- simply must be carefully reviewed and placed within a meaningful regulatory framework soon . "
How does Shitigroup shares trade nearly one BILLION times per day when the total for the entire market may be six billion ?
Of course , the answer is computerized trading - where one bank buys the hell out of Shitibank and the other trading desk sells it back to the former ... then they switch sides and do it again .
This happens so often that it can reach far more than 1/6 of the total volume ... with NO CHANGE in the indices that day .
Not odd to the lame stream media .... very odd to me !
Those of you who know me well know that I am a fan of computerized trading ; however , I am a fan of Joe Six - Pack employing these methods - not the banking cartel .
When the US Congress allows the banking industry to LIE about their balance sheets ( FRE needs another bailout -- really ??? ) it 's bad .
But when these same @ $$ - hats in Congress allow JPM , Goldman , UBS , BAC and the others to use these illusory profits to gun the markets higher via program trading it 's really bad ... unless you are like me .
If you are like me , and you can foresee the BLACK SWAN crash like we had today .
You are ready for anything .
In fact , you will profit from it like we did today .
But please , under NO CIRCUMSTANCES should you believe that a RIGGED market ( like this CLEARLY IS ) can and / or will last forever because it is going in you favored direction : up .
Moreover , you should also not complain when the heretofore magical no-volume rallies turn on you like a rabid dog -- rough !
Said another way , if you are happy with Goldman and JP Morgan 's trading desks gunning the market higher by simply trading back and forth to each other - then you better damn well be happy with the Black Swan event : a CRASH caused by the same computers .
I am under no illusions .
I know the market is rigged .
I trade it as I see it .
I , however , am a professional and I feel bad for all the rubes who believe in the nonsensical drivel like - Goldman Sachs is doing God 's work .
( I still can't believe the CEO of GS said that . )
How does all of this happen ?
Well , you can thank the Federal Reserve ...
1 ) The Fed prints fake money out of thin air ...
2 ) Large banks and hedge funds borrow money from the Fed at near - ZERO interest rates ...
3 ) These institutions buy Treasuries with a guaranteed 4 % return , thus guaranteeing the banks massive and risk - free profits on the backs of the middle class ( remember , you 're not allowed to earn an interest rate on your savings accounts ! ) ...
4 ) These institutions then swap Treasuries with the Fed for cash ...
5 ) These same institutions ( banks ) then take the cash and gun the stock market higher with its FREE MONEY from the government ... I meant free money from you .
By the way , were you asked to vote on this ?
Frankly , it 's better than free money - they 're being PAID to do this ...
6 ) Banks pay the very clown - posse that cause the 2008 crash ( and today 's ) the largest bonuses ... EVER ... with your tax dollars .
Oh , but do n't you worry folks , surely this is a one - day event .
The high frequency trading desks and algorithmic desks / programs will be plugged in before Friday 's open .
You can go back to Dancing With the ( B - list ) Stars and American Idol .
Benron Bernanke and Tax - Cheatin - Timmy will have it all fixed up by morning .
Nothing to see here .
Move along .
Trade well and follow the trend , not the so - called “ experts . ”
Behold the age of infinite moral hazard !
Today is the 399th day of legalized accounting fraud on a grand scale .
April 2nd , 2009 was the day CONgress forced FASB to suspend rule 157 in favor of deceitful accounting .
There are two kinds of distraction , at least .
I 'm getting so much spam .
Hundreds of messages a day trying to seduce me by appealing to my darkest lusts and my greed .
So I 've gone back to basics .
I stopped using my fancy word processor and installed WordPerfect for DOS , which was last updated about a decade ago , and which lets me type in gray letters on a blue screen without using any windows and without the need of a mouse .
It never crashes .
I also bought a little device called an AlphaSmart Neo , which is mostly sold to schools .
The Neo is just a keyboard that stores text as you type it .
It does nothing else .
It does n't tell the time or let me play games .
It runs off of double - A batteries and the batteries last for hundreds of hours .
Using the AlphaSmart and WordPerfect I 've started to enjoy computing again .
There is no Wikipedia , no email , no constantly changing the MP3s I 'm listening to , no downloading going on .
The spam still piles up but I 'm not aware of it , because my email program is shut down until I want to send a message .
Right now there 's a new buzzword out there : Web 2.0 .
No one is quite sure what it means but the basic idea is that by some clever programming you can bring forward some of the latent abilities of a web browser you can make applications that are more dynamic and more interactive than regular web pages .
Pages that update dynamically and reward interaction .
Google is the pioneer here , with its clickable Google Maps and zippy Google Mail .
Being the geek that I am I have looked closely at the blog posts and articles about Web 2.0 and I understand what 's going on , the new paradigms .
I enjoy seeing all of the creativity going into these new dynamic
To - do lists and calendars and forums .
But I do n't feel much like participating .
I 'm still programming at work , doing my job , but the rose has lost its bloom .
I can't convince myself to stay up nights reading programming manuals .
It 's not because I 'm nostalgic for the old days of Web 1.0 .
They came and went and it was fun to be part of something so exciting as the early blossoming of the Internet , when everything seemed possible and young people could become rich just by willing it .
But more and more I want my computer to do less and less .
I do n't want more information , more feeds , more sources .
When I write , when I think , the Internet is just too much for me to fathom .
It 's a wonderful tool for research , a good way to kill a few hours .
I grew up with computers , started hacking away when I was twelve .
I always thought that the Internet would make me more productive , more aware of the world around me but instead I 'm using technology that was laughable in 1995 and getting much more done .
I feel more in command of my own mind , more reliant on my own thoughts , when I work in this stripped - down fashion .
I figure there are two different kinds of distractions : the wide kind and the narrow kind .
The Internet is the widest possible distraction because it lets you wander so far afield that getting work done if you are , like me , the distractable sort of person -- getting work done is almost impossible .
I 'm not the sort of person who can read a book with footnotes and ignore the footnotes .
I have to read every footnote .
I often prefer the footnotes because they point in so many directions .
But when wide distractions are available I avoid the narrow distractions , and those are the useful distractions .
Let 's say you 're thinking hard about a concept -- say , kittens .
Kittens are young cats .
They have paws and they are sometimes friendly .
Your stepmother , you remember , did n't let you have a kitten .
Why was that ?
Was she allergic , or did she really just hate you ?
Now , that 's something worth thinking about .
A concept worth exploring .
That 's a narrow distraction , a good distraction .
But with a wide distraction you think about kittens and all of a sudden your email pops up and you 're thinking about Viagra , and about how horrible the world is and how it 's filled with rapacious greedy spammers .
You 're not able to think about kittens any more so you check out the news to find out that China has a manned space program .
Click .
And that peak oil is a real problem and we might be living in an age where electricity becomes prohibitively expensive .
Click .
And that Apple just released a new iPod again , and everyone is all aflutter .
There 's really no way to bring all of that back to kittens .
You 've been broadly distracted .
You might as well play some solitaire and go to bed .
Distraction is necessary .
Minds need to wander to get anything done .
But the Internet is sort of the mental equivalent of the snack aisle at a convenience store , filled with satisfying fatty chips and tasty cream - filled cakes .
God knows I 've spent enough time with both the Internet and cream - filled cakes to see the similarities .
And I now know that what I want , mentally , is a well - cooked meal .
A book gives me that , a well - written , carefully - edited book .
Even though your average book is filled with distractions -- I mean , Ahab does n't just chase the whale .
There 's all sorts of stuff in Moby Dick besides that .
Otherwise it probably would n't be that good of a book .
But the distractions are useful .
They get us from one point to another .
Sailing wide seas of opinion in a million does not do the same thing .
This is not to condemn blogs .
They are often great .
But there are so many of them , and I will be dead for a long , long time .
And on my deathbed do I want to say , I sipped mightily of Metafilter , and saw many video clips that made fun of Rosie O'Donnell , and I am richer for it ?
Or should I try to make contact with the culture that existed before 1992 ?
The Internet makes it so easy to think that nothing of importance ever took place before the ARPANET was created .
It is a wonder of the world , the Web .
I have facts at hand by the thousands about everything from the different kinds of government to the names of the stars of television shows I 've never even seen .
I 'm smarter , then , with my computer on , but not much deeper .
I worry that my knowledge of the world is actually growing shallower , in fact , because for every idea there are a dozen articles and Wikipedia entries to read that allow me to avoid thinking for myself .
And it 's not like any of that is going away , nor will I be staying away from it .
Just putting it aside for a few hours a day so that I can think without the world humming in my ear , sitting in front of my blue screen with gray text , or stretched in bed with my little portable keyboard , a working setup so bland it 's actually inspiring .
