Roku HD review , Netflix digital video player
Roku was kind enough to send us their Roku HD digital video player to review .
This player was also originally referred to as the Netflix player by Roku .
The Roku “ set top box ” allows you to view streaming internet video on your TV , bridging the gap between the living room and the internet .
The Roku HD player currently supports the Netflix Instant Viewing service and the Amazon Video On Demand service .
Over 50,000 TV episodes & films are available to watch instantly using the supported services .
Amazon VOD was recently added via a firmware update , so we are hoping that additional services will be supported in the future as well ( Hulu & YouTube please ! ) .
Let ’s take a look at the devices specifications .
Roku HD review : player specifications
Networking : Wi - Fi ( 802.11b/g ) with WEP , WPA , and WPA2 support 10/100 Ethernet ( RJ - 45 )
Video Outputs : Composite video , S - Video , Component video ( Y / Pb / Pr ) , HDMI
Video Modes : 16:9 HD ( 720 p ) , 16:9 anamorphic ( 480 p ) , 4:3 standard ( 480i )
Audio Output : Stereo ( L/R RCA ) , Digital Optical ( Toslink ) , Digital over HDMI
Remote Control : NEC protocol , supported by various universal remotes
Power Input : 5V , 1.5A provided by included AC adapter
Power Consumption : 5 watts peak , 3 watts in standby
Size : 5 x 5 x 1.75 inches ( 130 x 130 x 41 mm )
Weight : 11 oz ( 300 grams )
Roku HD review :
What ’s inside the box ?
The package includes the Roku HD digital video player itself ( top right ) , a remote control ( top left ) , power adapter ( mid left ) , a getting started guide ( bottom left ) , composite video cables & batteries for the remote ( bottom right ) .
Roku HD review : Video demonstration
To give you a look at the user interface , the usability of the device and some of the available Netflix instant viewing titles , we recorded the video below .
Roku HD review : Positives
Small size & light weight
Easy to connect & setup
Supports WiFi & wired networking
Easy to use interface
Supports a wide range of cable outputs
High Definition 720 p support via HDMI & component
Very good video picture quality
Playback memory ; remembers where you stopped watching last time
Automatically goes into Standby mode
Roku HD review : Negatives
No power off option
No HDMI or component cables included
Roku HD review : Final Thoughts
Overall , we are extremely happy with the performance of the Roku HD digital video player with Netflix and we highly recommend it .
Connecting and setting up the player is easy , the performance is solid and the value of having thousands of on - demand movies & TV shows for a low monthly fee is unmatched anywhere else ( Netflix plans $ 8.99 and up include unlimited instant viewing ) .
Our biggest complaint that we have about the Roku HD box is that Netflix instant viewing titles must be added from a computer .
You cannot browse and view available streaming content options directly from the Roku HD player itself .
The player has performed extremely well in our months of testing , with relatively little problems .
The few playback problems we did experience can most likely be attributed to local network connectivity problems at our home or temporary Netflix instant viewing server problems .
The majority of our viewing experience with the Roku HD box has been over a WiFi connection and the performance and reliability has been solid .
If you already have a Netflix subscription and you need a bridge between the internet and your TV , the Roku HD player is a no brainer .
Do yourself a favor and pick one up today , you wo n’t regret it .
If you do n’t have Netflix , I recommend that you subscribe and pick up a Roku player for hours and hours of on - demand entertainment ( with DVD ’s by mail as a side bonus ) .
Roku HD review : Buy a Roku HD player
You can purchase one directly from Roku or at Amazon .
Since the Pre 's unveiling at CES 2009 , the tech press has been caught up in the Rocky - like narrative of a former champ , now fallen on lean times , who tries to recapture his former glory by stepping in the ring with a make - or - break , high - profile exhibition fight against the reigning titleholder .
But there 's a serious problem with how this narrative has been presented , and specifically with the mobile device that has been cast in the part of the young , strutting , seemingly invincible heavyweight titleholder .
See , the Palm Pre is n't out to KO the iPhone , but rather it 's swinging at the real reigning champ : RIM 's BlackBerry .
I 've been using a Pre since late last week , and in this first installment of a multipart review I 'll make the case that Palm is readying an eventual BlackBerry killer and discuss its messaging capabilities .?
But before I can make the case that the Pre is intended as a BlackBerry killer , with any harm to the iPhone being just collateral damage , some background is in order .
Why the iPhone and BlackBerry work
The key to the success of both the iPhone and the BlackBerry is that both of these devices do one thing spectacularly well , and they also do a few other things passably enough to get by .
For the iPhone , that one thing is media playback and digital commerce ( via the iTunes store ) ; for BlackBerry , the focus is on e-mail ( though calendering is a close second ) .
Palm is definitely competing directly with the iPhone in the area of packaging , at least .
Sure , RIM just jumped on the increasingly crowded App Store bandwagon , but as a platform the BlackBerry is really just a fantastic mobile e-mail client with a killer combination of enterprise messaging support ( including remote wipe ) , battery life , calendering , and usability .
Given this focus , it 's no coincidence that the keyboard takes up half of the interface of a typical BlackBerry — this is a device that 's tailor - made for constant two - way communication .
The iPhone , in contrast , is just a large screen , the main purpose of which is to show you things — pictures , video , webpages , maps .
And its multitouch - based input scheme is less about two - way communication than it is about enabling you to manipulate and navigate the things that the screen is showing you .
Interfaces alone tell only part of the story , though .
The iPhone works because it is seamlessly integrated into a unified media and e-commerce ecosystem that can quickly and easily deliver TV shows , movies , and music to a constellation of Apple devices , from a set - top box to a media player to a laptop .
Even if the majority of iPhone users do n't live the Mac life , Apple 's phone still gives them access to that larger ecosystem by virtue of the fact that the device itself is an expression of it .
The BlackBerry , too , is part of a larger ecosystem — the world of enterprise messaging .
The virtue of this system for business is that it plugs right into Exchange or Domino , so that you can use your existing infrastructure ( plus RIM 's server - side package ) to enable and centrally manage messaging and calendaring for a mobile workforce .
Check out this 1991's video , starting minute 23 .
We are in 2009 now .
After you 've watched it , repeat with me :
To everyone building open source desktop development tools :
SHAME ON US ALL !
In an interview with AutoWeek magazine , Gran Turismo creator Kazunori Yamauch gave us a tip on the release date of Gran Turismo 5 .
“ We will give the release date of Gran Turismo 5 soon . ”
It ’s possible that we could see an announcement at this year ’s Tokyo Game Show , as Polyphony Digital ’s offices are located in Tokyo , Japan .
Also , at the 2007 Tokyo Game Show , Polyphony Digital announced Gran Turismo 5 Prologue .
You can see where we ’re going with this , right ?
Comment below on when you would like to see Gran Turismo 5 .
Would you like it this year , or next ?
[ Source ]
From beheading to kidnappings , there seems to be no limit to what the Mexican drug cartels are willing to do to assert their dominance — and they deal not only in drugs , but also in humans .
The majority of the coyotes who help undocumented immigrants cross the border are affiliated with the cartels .
Although many politicians would like to believe that the violence will stay to the south of the border , the reality is that it has already begun to affect South Western states .
The revelation that Phoenix is now the " kidnapping capital " of the United States only affirms what many residents already believe .
Now , a new method of marking territory has crossed over into the United States .
" Rape trees " are popping up in Southern Arizona and their significance is horrific .
These " rape trees " are places where cartel members and coyotes rape female border crossers and hang their clothes , specifically undergarments , to mark their conquest .
Sen. Jonathan Paton ( R - Tucson ) , recently invited officials to describe the problems being faced in his home state to the Senate Judiciary Committee , which he chairs .
Paton said violence along the border has escalated dramatically in the past year , " We want to go after these crimes , " he insisted , " It ’s an unbelievable situation , and we ca n’t allow that to go on in this country . "
For more info .
visit truthout.org or read the follow up article at Latina.com .
( CNN ) -- Wendy Duren thought she did everything right .
Wendy Duren says she does n't get as much sleep but loves her adopted daughter , Madison .
She broke off relationships with men who did n't want to settle down .
She refused to get pregnant out of wedlock .
She prayed for a child .
Duren 's yearning for motherhood was so palpable that her former fiancé once offered to father a child with her .
But he warned her that he was n't ready for marriage .
" I get bored in relationships after a couple of years , " he told her , she recalls .
Those events could have caused some women to give up their dreams of motherhood .
But Duren , a pharmaceutical saleswoman , did n't need a man to be a mom .
At 37 years old , she decided to adopt .
" It 's the best decision I could have made in my life , " Duren says , two years later .
She 's now the mother of Madison , a 1 - year - old daughter she raises in Canton , Michigan .
" People say I have never seen you so happy , " she says , " but it 's also the hardest thing I 've ever done . "
What 's driving more single African - American women to adopt
Marriage and motherhood -- it 's the dream that begins in childhood for many women .
Yet more African - American women are deciding to adopt instead of waiting for a husband , says Mardie Caldwell , founder of Lifetime Adoption , an adoption referral and support group in Penn Valley , California .
' Black in America 2 '
In July , Soledad O'Brien investigates what African - Americans are doing to confront the most challenging issues facing their communities .
You 'll meet people who are using groundbreaking solutions in innovative ways to transform the black experience .
Wednesday , 9 p.m. & Thursday , 8 p.m. ET see full schedule »
" We 're seeing more and more single African - American women who are not finding men , " Caldwell says .
" There 's a lack of qualified black men to get into relationships with . "
The numbers are grim .
According to the 2006 U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , 45 percent of African - American women have never been married , compared with 23 percent of white women .
Sound Off :
What are the biggest challenges for black families ?
Yet the decision to adopt is n't just driven by the paucity of eligible African - American men , others say .
Toni Oliver , founder and CEO of Roots Adoption Agency in Atlanta , Georgia , says her agency sees more single African - American women adopting because of infertility issues .
Some of the infertility issues may be related to advancing age or health issues , she says .
But the result of not being a mother for many older African - American women is the same : panic .
" Their doctors , friends and family are telling them the same thing : ' You 're not getting younger ; you better hurry up , ' '' Oliver says .
The unfulfilled desire to be a mother can damage a woman emotionally , Oliver says .
Her agency provides counseling to prospective mothers who have invested so much of their self - worth into being mothers .
" In many cases , it [ the pressure to be a mother ] begins to set up feelings of unworthiness , poor self - esteem and the feeling that ' I 'm not fully a woman , ' " Oliver says .
That pressure can cause some African - American women to rush into a marriage with a man they should not partner with , says Kenyatta Morrisey , a 34 - year - old mother of three adopted children in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Morrisey wants to be married , but says she 'd rather become a mother now and wait for God to guide her to the right man .
" I am not going to settle and get married just for the sake of being married , " Morrisey says .
" I 'd rather trust God to fulfill all of my dreams instead of relying on a man to fulfill my dreams . "
Some single African - American women deal with another challenge : criticism for bringing another African - American child into a single - parent household .
Kaydra Fleming , a 37 - year - old social worker in Arlington , Texas , is the mother of Zoey , an adopted eight - month - old girl whose biological mother was young and poor .
" Zoey was going to be born to a single black mother anyway , " Fleming says .
" At least she 's being raised by a single black parent who was ready financially and emotionally to take care of her . "
Yet there are some single African - American women who are not emotionally ready to adopt an African - American child who is too dark , some adoption agency officials say .
Fair - skinned or biracial children stand a better chance of being adopted by single black women than darker - skinned children , some adoption officials say .
" They 'll say , ' I want a baby to look like a Snickers bar , not dark chocolate , ' " Caldwell , founder of Lifetime Adoption , says about some prospective parents .
" I had a family who turned a baby down because it was too dark , " she says .
" They said the baby would n't look good in family photographs . "
' You have so much love to give '
Skin tone did n't matter to Duren , the pharmaceutical saleswoman .
She says she just wanted a child to love .
She was so natural with children that all of her friends predicted that she would be the first to marry , she says .
But adoption was " never an option " for her .
" I wanted my genes , my looks to be passed on , " Duren says .
" I wanted to see me . "
The African - American men she dated , however , did n't want to marry , she says .
She dated African - American professionals : engineers , attorneys and managers .
But there were so many eligible African - American women , and they still wanted to play , she says .
Time was running out for her .
At 37 years old , Duren had earned an MBA degree , a six - figure income and had traveled widely .
But she could n't find the right man to raise a family .
One man she thought she would marry broke off their relationship because he said he was n't ready to be a father .
Then he had a child out of wedlock with another woman , she says .
" He broke my heart , " Duren says .
The persistent heartache ate away at her .
" I was struggling , " Duren says .
" I prayed : ' You know Lord , I worked so hard .
I have my integrity , morals -- how did this happen ? ' ''
A turning point came when she was playing with her niece and nephews .
Her brother , their father , asked her why she did n't adopt a child when there were so many black children who needed adopting .
" You have so much love to give , " he told Duren .
Duren did n't have an answer .
She then went online and learned about Lifetime Adoption , the agency based in California .
The agency referred her to a married woman who already had five children , but says she could n't afford to take care of another .
The woman put her through an interview process .
She asked about her family history ; how she would discipline her child ; and what she would do if her baby woke up screaming in the middle of the night .
The woman eventually picked Duren .
When the woman gave birth , she invited her to the hospital and handed Duren her daughter .
The adoption process -- from the beginning to receiving her child -- took eight months , Duren says .
It cost about $ 15,000 .
" It was so smooth , " she says of the adoption process .
What single moms lose and what they gain
The adoption process will go smoothly if a prospective mother prepares well , Caldwell says .
She suggests that prospective single mothers prepare a notebook that will answer vital questions :
Who is going to be the guardian of my child if I get sick ?
Who are the men in my life that could serve as good role models ?
Do I have life insurance ?
Becoming a single mother means a " complete lifestyle change , " Caldwell says .
" You might have to give up getting your nails done , " she says .
But you gain something better in return , Duren says .
Her life is tougher , but its purpose has shifted .
" Tired is my middle name now , " she says .
" I 'm always tired .
Naps do n't exist anymore . "
And at times , being a single mother can be scary , Duren says .
" When my daughter got sick in the middle of the night in the middle of a snow storm , I did n't have anyone to turn to , " she says .
" I had to do it .
There was no one to talk to . "
And at times , there is the temptation for an open - ended relationship with men to take away a little of the loneliness .
One ex-boyfriend came around one day with gifts for her daughter , Duren says .
Duren told him to make it his last visit because he was still seeing another woman who had his child .
She told him she was n't going to be his woman on the side .
" I refuse to be a woman with a man tip - toeing in the middle of my house late at night with toys for my daughter , " she says .
" No one is going to disrespect me . "
Duren says she still wants to be married .
But in the meantime , she can barely wait to get home to see Madison .
Her life is now shaped by purpose , not regret .
" I have someone to hang out with .
I can never say I 'm lonely , " Duren says .
" She lies across my stomach every night , and I just stare at her . "
All About African - American Issues • Adoption
Science & Exploration Craters and channels in Hephaestus Fossae
05/06/2009 3775 views 6 likes
The High Resolution Stereo Camera on ESA ’s Mars Express orbiter has obtained images of Hephaestus Fossae , a region on Mars dotted with craters and channel systems .
Hephaestus Fossae lies at about 21 °N and 126°E on the Red Planet .
Named after the Greek god of fire , it extends for more than 600 km on the western flank of Elysium Mons in the Utopia Planitia region .
Obtained on 28 December 2007 , the images have a ground resolution of about 16 m / pixel .
They show that the region has channel systems of unknown origin .
Hephaestus Fossae context map
The images cover 170 x 80 km , an area almost as large as Montenegro .
The surface is mostly smooth , and is covered by several small impact craters 800 - 2800 m in diameter .
Smaller craters are scattered across the entire region .
Hephaestus Fossae perspective view
The left side of the image shows a large impact crater measuring 20 km in diameter .
Covering an area of approximately 150 sq km , a crater of this size on Earth could harbour cities such as Bonn or Kiel .
In contrast to the smaller craters , it shows a blanket of ejecta with flow forms surrounding the rim .
Hephaestus Fossae perspective view
The large craters were formed when loose , soft material was ejected due to impact , and the smaller ones formed due to secondary impacts , when consolidated material was ejected in a ballistic path and impacted the original crater at varying distances .
Hephaestus Fossae perspective view Most martian water exists in the form of subsurface ice .
The presence of a blanket of ejecta and outflow channels around the crater suggest that the primary impact may have penetrated the surface enough to melt a buried frozen water reservoir .
Hephaestus Fossae nadir view
Since the smaller impact craters show neither a blanket of ejecta nor any kind of outflow channel , they did not impact the surface strongly enough to reach the subsurface ice .
It is possible to calculate the depth of a possible frozen water reservoir beneath the surface by determining the depth of the impact craters .
Hephaestus Fossae nadir view
The colour scenes have been derived from the three HRSC - colour channels and the nadir channel .
The perspective views have been calculated from the digital terrain model derived from the stereo channels .
The anaglyph image was calculated from the nadir and one stereo channel .
The black and white high resolution images were derived form the nadir channel which provides the highest detail of all channels .
Hephaestus Fossae in 3D
For more information on Mars Express HRSC images , please read our updated FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) .
CALL YOUR MEMBER OF CONGRESS202-224-3121sign up for daily action alerts by phoneNation mag 's guide to Resistance gropupswhy Trump is a fascist Ph.D. candidate ( ABD ) U.Texas system , MTS Perkins school Theology , SMU .
Publisher Negations an interdisciplinary ( academic ) journalLike my film reviews ?
Doxa Forums : ) the most unique message board on the net ( intelligent discussion between atheists and Christians ) Ground breaking research that boosts religious arguments for God to a much stronger level .
It makes experience arguments some of the most formidable .
Empirical scientific studies demonstrate belief in God is rational , good for you , not the result of emotional instability .
Ready answer for anyone who claims that belief in God is psychologically bad for you .
Order from Amazon
Grand Viaduct
Buy on Amazon
MUST READ
Here ’s a book that has almost nothing to do with religion , but I recommend for everyone : City Limit : While it is a novel , it rings as true in a sense as any work of nonfiction out there .
This work is about the disturbing core of our society ... This is a powerful first novel , from Lantzey Miller , which I cannot too - highly recommend .
Because college - age people are young and most often healthy , they ’re likely to be tempted to fly without a medical safety net .
That may be why 20 percent of traditional - age college students do n’t have health insurance , according to the Government Accountability Office .
“ The reality is , accidents and illnesses do happen , even to young people , ” said Denny Ebersole , an insurance broker in New Orleans and board member of the National Association of Health Underwriters .
So make sure your college student is protected from that youthful sense of immortality .
RECHECK BENEFITS
“ Employers have been steadily scaling back dependent benefits to cut health care costs , ” said Steven DeRaleau , chief operating officer of HumanaOne , the division of Humana offering coverage for students and recent college graduates .
If you ’re lucky enough to have employer - sponsored insurance , your first step is to make sure you can keep a full - time student on your policy .
Even some people who could last year might not be able to this year .
VERIFY COVERAGE
If you are covered under a network - style plan like a health maintenance organization or preferred provider organization , and if your child is attending school away from home , you ’ll need to ask some questions .
This applies whether you have employer insurance or an individual policy .
Call the insurer to learn whether there are network - affiliated doctors and other health care providers close to your child ’s school .
If not , ask whether out - of - network providers are at least partly covered by your plan and what percentage of their fees you ’ll be expected to pay .
Finally , if your child needs specialized care while away , will he or she need to get a referral from a hometown physician , or can the student receive a referral from a physician near campus ?
Because most plans cover out - of - network care in full in emergencies , parents can usually work out these details , especially because most colleges offer student health services that can help take care of routine medical needs .
For students with a chronic illness , though , attending a college beyond the network coverage area may pose challenges .
THE BIG LOOPHOLE
Group health care policies that cover full - time students often come with a huge loophole , warns Sandy Praeger , the insurance commissioner of Kansas and chairwoman of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ’ health insurance committee .
If an injury or illness forces the student to take a leave from school or cut back on classes , some policies consider that student no longer full time and thus no longer eligible for coverage .
The Australian Federal Police revealed this afternoon that the email that sparked the so - called Utegate controversy was faked .
The email was alleged to have been sent from prime ministerial adviser Andrew Charlton to Treasury official Godwin Grech , raising the plight of Queensland car dealer John Grant and his possible access to the taxpayer - funded OzCar scheme .
Search over ... Australian Federal Police leave Godwin Grech 's home in Canberra .
Credit : Glen McCurtayne
Mr Grant gave Prime Minister Kevin Rudd a free ute .
The AFP statement came following a raid this morning on the home of Mr Grech and Treasury offices .
Remember when decorated marines like John Murtha were called traitors by wingnuts for questioning the wisdom of the Commander in Chief ?
Now the same fringe conservative extremists think an officer who essentially deserts fighting Al qaeda in Afghanistan is an American patriot :
U.S. Army Maj .
Stefan Frederick
Cook is seeking a federal court order to stall and eventually prevent an upcoming deployment to Afghanistan .
In the 20 - page document — filed July 8 with the United States District Court , Middle District of Georgia — Cook 's California - based attorney , Orly Taitz , asks the court to consider granting his client 's request based upon Cook 's belief that President Barack Obama is not a natural - born citizen of the United States and is therefore ineligible to serve as commander - in - chief of U.S Armed Forces .
Cook has now reportedly lost his job with a defense outfit .
Goes with the territory I suppose .
And new allegations suggest that Major ' Kook ' may be more than just a deserter in waiting , he may be a full blown freeping scam artist :
Up to 100 Amazon natives have been killed after Friday 's military crackdown on protesters in Peru and the situation is expected to worsen , says a Canadian Indigenous rights activist .
Twenty - two - year - old Ben Powless is working alongside Peru 's national organisation of Amazon Indigenous people , AIDESEP , and fears more lives will be lost , with the government now labelling protesters as " terrorists " .
Many Peruvians - not just Indigenous - are upset by plans to open land in Peru's Amazon region to oil , gas and mineral exploration , even though much of the land is officially protected .
The Government has recently signed a number of free trade agreements with the United States and Canada , seeking to change domestic laws and encourage foreign investment in the Amazon .
The Government has declared a state of emergency in some Amazon regions , suspending constitutional rights in the areas .
Mr Powless says Government reports are portraying the situation incorrectly .
" What we 've been hearing from some of the communities is that a lot of the death tolls and the number of people hurt or injured are dramatically different from the Government figures , which put it as low as three to nine Indigenous people who have been killed , " he said .
" But we have heard from some representatives on the ground that there may be as many as 100 people murdered .
" There was an active attempt by the Government here to portray it as a massacre of policemen who went into an area and were killed on their job , when in reality , native participants were sitting in blockades early in the morning [ on Friday ] when the police attacked . "
Mr Powless says the Government is controlling information on the unfolding events .
" There is a lack of information about what 's going on , " he said .
" A lot of reports are n't making it out of the communities , the Government has a near monopoly on being able to get their own message out about the situation and convene press conferences , and I have not been able to go into the Amazon region yet as the military has taken control and restricted access . "
He says a group of Indigenous leaders in Lima , Peru 's capital , are planning to go to the Amazon region on Tuesday - and Mr Powless intends to accompany them .
National strike
He says Friday and Saturday 's deadly conflicts appear to have settled down , but more unrest is expected on Thursday when a national strike , called for by Indigenous organisations and unions , will be carried out .
" Today what we 've been told is that some Indigenous groups have taken over one of the oil refineries as well as one of the airports in one of the regions , " he said .
" The military is basically walking around armed , patrolling , just trying to keep people out of the streets .
" The situation seems pretty calm but if the strike is anything like in the past , it 's been able to successfully shut down roads , restrict all access to Machu Picchu by train - which is the major cultural and tourist destination here - shut down airports , oil refineries and other major areas of transportation . "
Mr Powless says strikers will call for the dismissal of Peruvian President Alan Garcia over his response to the crisis and urge him to take responsibility for the deaths that have occurred as a result of the heavy - handed military action .
Human rights abuses
In the long - term , he says the issue is one of Indigenous rights and liberties .
" The Indigenous groups here , especially in the Amazon region , are fearing for control of their livelihoods and really fighting for control of the land they have lived on , and that they have lived on forever , " he said .
" Any development anywhere usually has to take into consideration the people who live there and who would be impacted - this is something that has been established by the United Nations and the recent UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . "
Ultimately , Mr Powless says achieving this would mean a renegotiation of the laws , which have been pushed through the Government without any oversight from the Indigenous people .
Indigenous ' terrorists '
However , Mr Powless says he is not optimistic , particularly due to Government attempts to paint Indigenous protesters as terrorists .
" In the context of a country that has been fighting an insurgent group for over 20 years now and they have a long history of dealing with what they consider terrorism in a very violent , militarised means , for them to start coming out and calling the Indigenous groups here terrorists seems to suggest that they 're preparing to respond to them with more military means , " he said .
" Without serious pressure coming nationally and internationally , letting the government know that they can't commit human rights abuses anymore , and without people saying that there needs to be negotiation and that they can't just go in with the military and stop people 's legitimate protests , then I 'm not really convinced that the Government is going to step down . "
Mr Powless says this is the biggest incident the Peruvian Amazon has seen in the modern era .
Régis le superman du burn
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
Régis fait un burn avec sa moto Suzuki SV 650 et fait un vol plané accroché au gidon dans la roue d'une voiture garée .
burn moto parking plane regis roue suzuki voiture vol
If the Terminator Salvation timeline is correct , robots will be ruling the world by 2018 .
What director McG and the rest of his merry crew of robot technicians fail to tell you , however , is that Terminator technology is already part of the here and the now , as TechRadar found out …
1. Military machines
Where would the Terminator franchise be without its unstoppable killing machines ?
Roaming what 's left of Earth , terminating or harvesting every human that they see .
Kyle Reese explains it best in the first movie when he describes the robots as : " Hunter - Killers .
Aerial and ground patrol machines built in automated factories .
Most of us were rounded up , put in camps for orderly disposal . "
KILLER ROBOT : The T - 600 makes its debut in Terminator Salvation
Armies around the world are taking the idea of killer robots and have been using them to best effect in a number of wars .
One kind , going under the moniker of Modular Advanced Armed Robotic System ( MAARS ) , was tried out in Iraq and Afghanistan in 2007 to good effect .
The robots look similar to a Hunter Killer Tank - a familiar site in the Terminator franchise - and are radio - controlled .
Most importantly , they are armed and very dangerous – attached to the machine is a M240B machine gun
MAARS has the purpose of helping injured soldiers out of a battle situation – kind of like having a strapped Metal Mickey as a wingman .
Impressive and a little scary as it is , MAARS is n't autonomous , but that does n't mean that there are robots out there that can't think for themselves .
2. Autonomous robots
There are a number of free - thinking robots around at the moment , from the mean and moody to the darn right helpful .
Thankfully , instead of killing people , they actually serve a purpose , helping us in their own little way .
METAL HEAD : The autonomous T - 800 sans Arnold Schwarzenegger 's skin
The most famous autonomous bot of recent times was the Mars Rover .
This robot has the ability to drive round terrain on its own using stereo cameras and 3D mapping software to figure out what is around it , mapping its own safe path to traverse over the Martian landscape .
This kind of technology is being used more and more , with robots like the Spyder LB1200 even cutting your grass for you , without you having to lift a finger .
Even robot toys are getting that little bit more sophisticated .
For just $ 80 , you can have yourself a WowWee Tri-Bot toy , which you can program to go wherever you want it to , or put it into Free Roam mode and let it think for itself .
3. Computer AI
Computers thinking like humans are just around the corner , according to many a futurologist .
If they advance as they are doing then by 2020 we should see free - thinking computers available in our local Tesco – which would make a change from the current drones at the checkout .
For this to happen , though , computers will have to pass the Turing Test , which is based around a number of questions that are meant to differentiate robots from humans .
It looks likely that one of the first companies to reach true artificial intelligence with its software programs could well be Google .
Google co-founder Larry Page has been quoted as saying : " The ultimate search engine will understand everything in the world . "
If this is n't eerily close to what Skynet becomes in the Terminator movies , then we do n't know what is .
DO THE ROBOT : Artificial intelligence in the Terminator franchise leads to very bad things
But before we worry that Google is to become self - aware and start revolting against the very people that use it , the search engine has to get smarter .
With the arrival of Bing by Microsoft and Wolfram Alpha , search on the internet is entering its semantic stage – something that would make Cyberdyne Systems , the creators of the genesis of Skynet , proud .
4. Real - life Cyberdyne Systems
Cyberdyne Systems , the company behind the inception robots in the Terminator saga , is alive and kicking in the real world but it goes under the rather unassuming name of Honda .
That 's right , the makers of every boy racers ' favourite car , the Honda Civic , is also one of the world 's biggest manufacturer of robots .
The star of Honda 's robot army is ASIMO , an acronym of Advanced Step in Innovative MObility .
It may not have the six - foot plus stature of a T - 800 – it 's four foot three and walks with a stoop like your granny – but it 's a robot nonetheless .
ASIMO A-GO : Made by Honda ( image copyright : Honda Motor Co )
The latest re-boot of ASIMO happened in 2004 , with the robot now able to recognise gestures , objects , environment , sounds and most importantly faces .
The robots are still very limited at the moment , costing up $ 1 million to manufacture .
So do n't expect one knocking on your door asking if you know Sarah Connor anytime soon .
The latest models can also be jacked up to the internet .
This , according to Honda , is so that ASIMO can relay up - to - date weather information and the like .
But TechRadar knows the real reason : you know , like the way Terminators are hooked into Skynet ?
Paranoid , us ?
5. Human - machine hybrids
It seems the latest trend in this technology orientated world we live in is cyborg modification .
In 2009 , we have had a number of incidents of normal people modifying themselves to become one with the robot world .
One man , fed up with his fake eye , implanted an infrared one into the socket , and recently an artist exchanged her fake eye for one with a camera attached .
Perhaps the closest things us mere mortals have got to becoming real - life terminators , however , is the development of a body suit by a Japanese company .
The company 's name , obviously , is Cyberdyne .
But instead of making robots , they make robo -suits .
SUITS YOU : HAL makes you strong ( image copyright : Cyberdyne Inc )
Titled HAL ( Hybrid Assistive Limb ) the suit gives whoever wears it the power of around 10 men .
Perfect for those who want to lift heavy machinery , or throw a little brat by the name of John Connor around like a rag doll .
Currently only 400 have been made and one suit will set you back $ 4,200 US dollars - a small price to pay for showing all those gym bunnies who really is boss .
6. Hydrobots
We all know that electricity and water do n't mix , but Terminator Salvation throws the idea of hydrobots into the frame .
While the water robots in Salvation are likely to snip your head off without a moment 's notice , the ones in the desert of the real are fish - shaped and made by some plucky British scientists .
LIQUID METAL : Even out of the water , the Hydrobot is pretty fearsome
Rory Doyle , Senior Researcher at engineering company BMT Group , and Essex university are the creators and apparently made the robot's fish - like as they were " building on a design created by hundreds of millions of years ' worth of evolution which is incredibly energy efficient . "
You can't really argue with that .
Instead of the robo - fish taking over the Thames , however , the carp - shaped robots will swim round the coast of Spain in a bid to monitor the pollution in the water .
At £ 20,000 a piece , the shoal of five fish are equipped with chemical sensors , Wi-Fi technology and will be a massive five - feet long .
Apparently , no amount of batter will make these beauties edible , but it does go to show that fish and ( micro ) chips will always be a perfect combination .
7. House - sized robots
Not one to do things by halves , the new Terminator flick also introduces the world to The Harvester .
This machine is the size of a house and has the sole job of plucking out human specimens for the more intelligent robots to do experiments on .
THE HARVESTER : Someone was n't happy with 7 Eleven 's fuel prices
While there 's nothing like that in existence – other than the Harvester chain of restaurants , which instead plucks out human specimens for unsuccessful food experiments – house - sized robots are very much a reality .
Enter the Robosaurus .
Originally built in 1988 , the machine was constructed by Monster Robots , Inc , and is a mainstay of motorshow events in America .
Stats - wise the Robosaurus is an impressive 40 - foot tall and weighs in at around 30 tonnes .
Instead of harvesting humans , the man-controlled bot has a penchant for cars and the occasional plane .
It has even starred in the movies – the probably never - watched Waking in Reno – and had a ( disguised ) bit -part in The Simpsons .
8. Automated motorbikes
The final Terminator Salvation exclusive robot is quite possibly the coolest machine in the whole series .
Nicknamed Moto - Terminators , these robot - hybrids double as automated motorbikes whose job it is to ram any signs of the Resistance off of the road .
A bit like ordinary motorcyclists , then .
ON YER BIKE : Moto - Terminators - one step closer to Street Hawk : The Movie
The idea of non-manned bikes is an interesting one , which actually has its roots in reality .
A company aptly named RoboTech has developed the ultimate boys ' toy – an application that can turn a motorbike ( or any sort of full - size vehicle for that matter ) into an automated , self - propelling machine .
One group of Berkeley students in 2004 used the technology to produce something called the GhostRider Robot .
The vehicle was created to compete in the Grand Challenge – a 50 - mile off - road race of fully self - navigating vehicles , sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Administration ( DARPA ) , which was made to " accelerate the development of autonomous vehicle technologies . "
9. Real - life Skynet
In a move that both tempted fate and proved the UK 's military brains have watched too many robot - based popcorn flicks for their own good , last year the UK installed an all - powerful communication platform for armies around the world to use , called Skynet .
The £ 3.6 billion programme allows military personal to communicate with each other and is made up of three massive satellites currently orbiting the Earth .
These are called Skynet 5A , 5B and 5C .
SKY'S THE LIMIT :
The largely unseen Skynet is key to the Terminator invasion
" Skynet 5 is about two - and - a - half - times more capable than the previous system , and it also gives us the ability to use not just voice communication but also data communication , " Patrick Wood from spacecraft manufacturer EADS Astrium told the BBC .
" So , computers can talk directly to computers , as well giving us pictures and real - time video images . "
Reports that immediately after the interview he was kidnapped by a cocky teenager , a crazy mum and a man looking remarkably like the Governor of California are still unconfirmed .
And one that might almost exist : time travel
When the Large Hadron Collider was turned on back in September 2008 , some people thought that its arrival would be the key to time travel .
To cut a long and tedious theory short , a report by the New Scientist at the front - end of last year suggested the machine could be the key to travelling through time .
The reason : time travel is apparently only possible after the creation of the first time machine .
And that first time machine is the subatomic particle - hunting LHC .
TIME BANDIT : The LHC may hold the key to time travel - if it ever works
We would like to prove this theory right or wrong , but the machine broke .
And it 's still currently being fixed and wo n't be turned back on till September .
So , if in the autumn you see some weird naked dude asking for your clothes , your boots and your motorcycle , then we 've only got the crazy scientists in Geneva to blame .
“ I always tell my wife , ‘ I ’m not switching this thing out for that ; I ’m just adding , ’ ” Mr. Schwarzenegger said .
“ I read body building magazines , I read the movie magazines and I read the political magazines , so I cover myself . ”
Image With Californias economic woes , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has no time for cigar breaks .
Credit ...
Charles Ommanney / Getty Images
Early in his first term , he tried to use the ballot process to get tougher rules for teachers ’ tenure , restrict political activity by unions , cap state spending and redraw legislative districts , all with the goal of reining in the power of elected Democrats and the public employee unions .
But organized labor , most notably the teachers ’ union , lobbied hard for the measures ’ failure .
Now , he is again seeking to cap state spending  with a tax increase thrown in  and make changes to the lottery system .
He also wants to move dedicated pools of money away from programs for the mentally ill and children into the general fund to plug large budget holes  actions that require voter approval and were part of a budget deal with lawmakers last month .
This go - round , the governor ’s ballot efforts come with the blessing of some of the public employee unions .
“ These are different times , ” said Gale Kaufman , a Democratic political consultant whose clients include the California Teachers Association .
“ He still has an amazing capacity to believe that he can sell anything to voters .
I think that is a remarkable quality . ”
Polls show that five of the six budget - related measures are trailing with voters .
The sixth measure , which would bar legislators and state officers from getting a pay raise when there is a budget deficit , has the support of 72 percent of those polled by the California Field Poll .
The governor has spent much of the last month behind the scenes asking Hollywood executives and others for money to help pay for the campaign to pass the ballot measures , while he has let firefighters and teachers do much of the face - to - face campaigning on behalf of the measures .
It is a jarring turnaround from the previous effort , when Mr. Schwarzenegger was the star of the campaign and the same firefighters and teachers were his enemies .
Nuclear sub to join hunt for jet
France is sending its nuclear submarine SNA Emeraude to the area A French nuclear submarine is being sent to help find an Air France plane which disappeared over the Atlantic .
French Defence Minister Herve Morin said the submarine had sonar equipment that could help locate the airliner 's flight data recorders .
Meanwhile , it was revealed that debris salvaged from the sea was not from the Airbus jet that went missing on Monday .
Airbus has reissued guidelines to pilots after experts said the plane may have had false speed measurements .
A spokesman for the company said that a notice had been sent reminding Airbus crews worldwide what to do when speed indicators give conflicting read - outs .
See a map of the plane 's route Spokesman Justin Dubon said the readings meant that " the air speed of the aircraft was unclear " .
He said that in such circumstances , flight crews should - if necessary - level off the plane and start troubleshooting procedures as detailed in operating manuals .
SEARCH FOR FLIGHT AF 447 1 June : Contact lost with plane over mid-Atlantic 2 June : First debris spotted from the air includes an airline seat .
Brazilian defence minister says debris is from missing plane 3 June : More debris spotted , including a 7 m - wide chunk of metal .
Fuel slick seen on ocean surface 4 June : Buoys and pallet recovered from ocean said to be from plane .
Officials later retract statement
Combing the data for clues Timeline of Flight AF 447 Air disasters timeline The BBC's Tom Symonds says erratic speed readings could have been the result of heavy turbulence and might have caused the plane 's automatic throttle to power up or down as it passed through heavy storms .
Meteorologists say the Air France Flight 447 had entered an unusual storm with 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) updrafts that sucked water up from the ocean .
As the moisture reached the plane 's high altitude it quickly froze in - 40C temperatures .
The updrafts would also have created dangerous turbulence , they say .
The Airbus A330 jet vanished over the Atlantic en-route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on Monday with 228 people on board .
A small group of relatives of those on board the plane has gone to the north - eastern Brazilian city of Recife where the rescue operation is based .
They are to be given a chance to tour the facility and to ask questions .
As the search continued on Friday , it was revealed that a wooden pallet and a fuel slick in the vicinity of the plane 's last known position were not from the jet .
Brazilian air force official Brig Ramon Borges Cardoso contradicted earlier reports , saying " no material from the plane has been recovered " .
The slick was most likely from a passing ship , he said .
Navy ships are reported to be scouring the ocean , about 1,100 km ( 690 miles ) north - east of Brazil 's coast , in an effort to locate other debris spotted from the air on Tuesday and Wednesday .
Manslaughter inquiry
In addition to the nuclear submarine , a French ship equipped with two deep - sea research mini-submarines is on its way to the area .
The mini-submarines will be looking for the plane 's flight data recorders , which are believed to be sitting on the ocean floor up to 6,000 m ( 19,685 ft ) underwater .
Three more Brazilian boats are expected to arrive in the area in the next few days .
French military spokesman Christophe Prazuck said the priority was looking for wreckage from the plane before it sinks or disappears .
French officials have said the flight data recorders , which could be deep under water , may never be found .
In another development on Friday , the Paris prosecutor 's office opened a manslaughter investigation into the air crash .
It is a routine step taken by authorities in connection with the deaths of French citizens overseas .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
this
( Never in my life have I so fervently hoped that a cake was chocolate . )
this ?
" So , when 's the party ? "
" At the end of the month . "
Amy M. , Jenna B. , & Kim W. , URQTs .
At least , I like to think that you are .
Not in a creepy way , of course , or like I know firsthand because
I secretly stalk you or
anything ... that would just be weird .
I mean , look , I 'm just trying to give you a friendly compliment , in a completely platonic , non -stalker - esque kind of way , Ok ?
Ok .
As you were .
Who thoughtwas a good idea ?
Or this ?
Or , Aunt Flo help us ,
Economic Growth , Malignant and Benign
As it becomes clear that the current economic downturn was substantially created ( intentionally or otherwise ) by , and has been managed for the benefit of ( intentionally ) , Goldman - Sachs and other big corporate players , it ’s worthwhile to look at the nature of “ bubbles ” and how they are created .
Modern society is characterized by two conflicting attitudes on the subject of economic growth .
The “ capitalist ” right holds it up as an unmitigated good which improves the lives of all it touches , the “ socialist ” left as an unmitigated bad which threatens the health of the planet and accelerates alienation of the worker from that which he produces .
The market anarchist , it seems , is the moderate in the mix .
We who aim for the stateless society recognize that “ economic growth ” comes in two varieties — natural and artificial — and that the variety matters .
The “ growth ” which the right touts and the left decries is artificial : Driven by the admixture of state power and corporate influence , it continually skews the operations of the market away from their natural balance , and uses the resulting problems as fuel for further skewing .
For example , take the artifice of “ limited liability ” — a privilege bestowed upon corporations by state fiat .
In a free market , the owners of an enterprise would shoulder 100 % of any liability that enterprise might incur .
In the state - regulated market , the owners ’ liability is limited to only those assets actually invested in the enterprise itself .
One obvious effect of this state - bestowed privilege is that it reduces incentives for corporations to act responsibly , by artificially reducing the possible penalties for not doing so .
A secondary , less often noticed , effect is that it frees up capital — capital which , absent the privilege , might have been set aside by by its owners in a “ rainy day liability ” fund or used to purchase insurance against possible liabilities — for growth .
Or , to put a finer point on it , this state - bestowed privilege subsidies growth which would not have occurred in a free market .
The response of the political “ right ” to this phenomenon is that growth is inherently good and that the privilege is therefore a good thing .
The response of the political “ left ” is that growth is inherently bad … but that the solution to it is for the state to somehow magically shake itself free of the influence of privileged elites while continuing to dispose of the powers which those elites crave control of .
The anarchist response is that “ natural ” growth — growth which takes place as an honest side effect of the free exchange of goods and services — is a good thing which carries with it the solutions to any problems it may cause .
In other words , the problem is not growth per se , but growth as a distortion of the market created by state / corporate collusion ; and the solution to that problem is to remove the state from the equation entirely .
As we look back at the factors which led to the current recession ( or possibly depression — some smart people say it ’s already the latter ) , it should become obvious that the things which have happened could n’t have happened without state intervention extending far beyond “ limited liability ” and into the notion that the state has everyone ’s back and is ready to “ bail out ” any and every boat which might capsize on the rising tide engineered to lift it .
Until it became clear that a collapse was imminent , we never heard about a “ housing bubble . ”
What we heard about was “ growth ” which the “ right ” loved and which the “ left ” bemoaned but in some aspects ( housing for “ the poor ” ) tolerated and promoted .
The “ housing bubble ” was created by government , from end to end and in its entirety .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would never have survived , let alone become major players , in a free market .
The basis of their credibility was their status as government - connected firms .
Nor would banks and mortgage companies have extended themselves into the risky sub - prime market in the way that they did had they not expected the state to rescue them if their fortunes went south .
Finally , big investors would never have bought into shady debt - as - asset “ derivatives ” had those securities not carried government regulatory seals of approval .
For that matter , the individual home buyer would have generally been more careful and less inclined to commit himself to a 20 - to 30 - year payment regime had his purchase not been subsidized with mortgage interest deduction from his taxes , guaranteed by FHA , or otherwise “ talked up ” by government as the thing to do .
State - subsidized “ growth ” really is growth — of the cancerous variety .
Translations for this article :
People hold South Korean flags in Seoul March 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lee Jae-Won
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea is acquiring 40 U.S. - made missiles for an Aegis destroyer this month to boost its defenses amid reports North Korea may soon test - fire missiles , Yonhap news agency on Sunday quoted a military source as saying .
North Korea , which rattled regional security with a May 25 nuclear test , is preparing to test a long - range missile that could hit U.S. territory and mid-range missiles that could hit all of South Korea , a South Korean presidential Blue House official said last week .
The surface - to - air missiles for the Aegis destroyer , designed to track and shoot down objects including missiles , can hit targets up to 160 km ( 100 miles ) away , Yonhap quoted the source as saying .
North Korea has also warned ships to stay away from waters off its east coast city of Wonsan , Japan ’s Coast Guard said last week , in a possible indication of a missile test .
North Korea launched in April a rocket it said was carrying a satellite .
The move was widely seen as a disguised test of its long - range Taepodong - 2 missile and a violation of U.N. resolutions barring the reclusive state from ballistic missile testing .
The U.N. Security Council punished it for the missile launch by tightening existing sanctions and imposing new ones after the nuclear test to halt its arms trading , one of the few items the cash - short state with a broken down economy can export .
The U.S. Navy has said it is monitoring a North Korean ship under the new U.N. security resolutions imposed after the nuclear test .
A South Korean intelligence source said the ship is likely carrying missiles and parts , and it could be heading to Myanmar , broadcaster YTN said .
At the weekend , the prickly North warned in an official media report it would shoot down any Japanese military plane that breached North Korean air space .
South Korean officials have said the North ’s recent saber rattling may be a way for leader Kim Jong - il to build internal support as he prepares for succession in Asia ’s only communist dynasty .
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh fired back at NAACP president Benjamin Jealous for saying that the radio host is trying to revive the days of a white male dominated society .
Limbaugh said that Jealous could not find one syllable from his show to back up his claim .
Has Rush forgotten Barack the Magic Negro ?
On CNN last night , NAACP president and CEO Benjamin Todd Jealous was asked by Campbell Brown about the Republican Party and reaching out to minorities .
Jealous said , “ The reality is that there does seem to be sort of a war for the base of the party .
You have Rush Limbaugh out there very aggressively with this kind of retrograde tone , trying to resurrect a day that will no longer — it just is n’t possible for sort of a white - male - dominated society . ”
He continued , “ They need to push and move beyond that .
The folks who are kind of sitting there in the shadows , very much part of the base of the Republican Party who do believe in Lincoln ’s dream of one united country need to come out and support their chairman .
If not , that party will just become less and less relevant over the next few years . ”
Advertisements
Here is the audio of Limbaugh ’s response courtesy of Media Matters :
Limbaugh said , “ Here he is accusing me of opposing Obama because I do n’t like a black guy in the White House .
I predicted this a year and a half ago … He could not find one syllable to support that claim if he went through every hour of this program for the last 20 plus years , but this is what they do , sic you with the racist charge , irresponsibly and without fact , because nobody has got the guts to stand up and say you ca n’t say that because they are minorities , they get away , they ca n’t be racist , you see they do n’t have the power to implement their racism , but this is a pure racist allegation .
It ’s bilge .
It ’s drivel , and it ’s something I called . ”
The very fact that Rush described the NAACP as “ they ” as in this what “ they do ” support ’s Jealous ’ point .
Here is a short list of Rush on Obama and race from Media Matters , “ Limbaugh had previously declared in June 2008 that Obama ’s “ only chance of winning ” the presidency “ is that he ’s black . ”
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Limbaugh also called Obama “ an affirmative action candidate ” and asserted during the May 14 , 2008 , broadcast of his show , “ If Barack Obama were Caucasian , they would have taken this guy out on the basis of pure ignorance long ago . ”
Since Obama ’s election , Limbaugh has based his show around making white men feel better about their loss of power .
Who can forget this little gem when Rush misapplied his racism , “ On February 14 , 2006 , Limbaugh invented a racial component to explain Iraq war veteran Paul Hackett ’s departure from the Ohio Democratic Senate primary race .
While reporting on Hackett ’s decision to withdraw from the race against then - Rep. Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) , Limbaugh asserted : “ And do n’t forget , Sherrod Brown is black .
There ’s a racial component here , too , ” adding that “ the newspaper that I ’m reading all this from is The New York Times , and they , of course , do n’t mention that . ”
In fact , Brown is white — a point on which Limbaugh was corrected later in the program . ”
The topper is Barack the Magic Negro , which was played on his show in 2007 :
It took me all of 3 minutes to find evidence of Limbaugh ’s scorn for the loss white male political power .
Notice that Jealous did n’t call Limbaugh a racist .
Rush called Rush a racist , and then tried to claim that there was no evidence for his own claim against himself .
There is so much evidence that I could fill pages with Limbaugh quotes and videos .
Jealous was correct to point out that the GOP is follow Rush down a path of destruction , and the evidence of this is overwhelming .
The Bishop of Chelmsford sent the advice to priests in Essex
A bishop has advised that holy water be removed from churches in a bid to halt the spread of swine flu .
The Bishop of Chelmsford , the Right Reverend John Gladwin , said at some churches people were invited make a sign of the cross using holy water .
" The water in stoups can easily become a source of infection and a means of rapidly spreading the virus , " he said .
In a directive to priests in Essex , he added : " It is not our intention at this stage to cause panic . "
He said priests should also advise members of their congregation who have flu - like symptoms to stay at home .
Face masks
The Bishop also issued advice about taking holy communion warning if anyone had flu - like symptoms not to " drink wine from the chalice " .
He assured congregations that they could receive full holy communion by just taking the wafer of bread .
He discouraged pastoral visits and said if a visit was necessary priests should wear sterile gloves , an apron and a face mask .
Chaplain Chris Newlands added : " People need to be reassured that the church is doing everything it can to stop the spread of infection . "
The advice comes as swine flu - related deaths in the UK rose to 17 .
On Tuesday , a post - mortem examination ruled that a GP who died after contracting it was not killed by the virus .
Nearly 200,000 concerned people have contacted NHS Direct since April .
Now that it has been a week since teams were allowed to officially sign this year ’s crop of Latin American free agents , I thought I would take the time to recap the action .
This list is based off of Baseball America ’s list of top 25 prospects , ranked in terms of their expected signing bonuses .
This list is not an attempt by BA to rank them according to talent or ability .
While it is important to keep tabs on the Royals , it is also important to keep an eye on what the other teams in MLB are up to .
SS - Miguel Sano ( Dominican Republic ) CF - Wagner Mateo ( DR ) – signed by the St. Louis Cardinals C - Gary Sanchez ( DR ) – signed by the New York Yankees CF - Guillermo Pimentel ( DR ) – signed by the Seattle Mariners SS - Jose Vinicio ( DR ) SS - Luis Sarinas ( Venezuela ) – signed by the Texas Rangers 3B - Cheslor Cuthbert ( Nicaragua ) – signed by the Kansas City Royals LHP - Juan Urbina ( Venezuela ) RHP - Daniel Sanchez ( Venezuela ) RF - Jose Pena ( DR ) – signed by the Milwaukee Brewers LHP - Edgar Ferreira ( DR ) RHP - Jochi Oeando ( DR ) C - Jacob Beltre ( DR ) LHP - Victor Payano ( DR ) RHP / SS - Jurickson Profar ( Curacao ) – signed by the Texas Rangers CF - Luis Jolley ( DR ) RHP - Johendi Jiminian ( DR ) SS - Santo Aybar ( DR ) SS - Rosel Herrera ( DR ) – signed by the Colorado Rockies RHP - Leonardo Perdomo ( DR ) SS - Wilfredo Solano ( Venezuela ) – signed by the Oakland Athletics C- Santiago Nessy ( Venezuela ) – signed by the Toronto Blue Jays SS - Jorge Polanco ( DR ) SS - Jairo Kelly ( DR ) SS - Humberto Valor ( Venezuela ) – signed by the Cincinnati Reds
So far only 11 of these 25 players have been signed , but there have been a fair number of signings among the lesser known players .
That said , Cuthbert is the only Latin FA that the Royals have signed thus far , but they are expected to land a fair number of 2nd tier guys .
Since we are talking about 16 year old kids being signed here , often times the kids that end up being signed for $ 50,000 end up being better players than the high profile , high signing bonus guys do .
Signing Latin/ International free agents is an even bigger crap shoot than the MLB draft , but involved participation in the market is a must for organizational success .
The Royals under Dayton Moore are involved .
Now we just have to hope that their talent evaluation and scouting staff are up to the task .
It is interesting to note that the Texas Rangers are the only team to sign more than one of the above 25 players .
I ’m sure the landscape will look much different once all the above players are signed , but I find it encouraging that there are already 10 teams represented among the 11 players signed .
It is also worth mentioning that OF - Max Kepler ( Germany ) has signed with the Minnesota Twins .
Kepler is hyped as the best prospect to ever come out of Europe , and is a descendant of famed German mathematician and astronomer Johannes Kepler .
As of right now , Cuthbert and Kepler are the only high profile international prospects to be signed by any of the AL Central teams .
Snarkmarket & Revelator Press : New Liberal Arts
CT2 : Innovative Publishing Model
Snarkmarket と Revelator Press が出版した書籍 " New Liberal Arts " は面白いビジネスモデルを採用している。まず
$ 8.99 の書籍を 200 冊だけ販売する。そしてそれが売り切れたら，オンラインで
PDF 版の無料配布を開始する 。
出版側としては，元を取るために最低限の数は値段を付けて販売したい。だからそれは物理的な本として販売する。元を取ることが完了したら，物理的な制約を受けないデジタルデータとして，無料で広く配布する。
読者側としては，昔ながらの印刷された本の形で読みたいという人や，物理的な本を所有することで満足感を得たいという人は，最初の
200 人になればいい。また，その 200 人はこれと同時に，後に控えている無数の読者のためにお金を出してあげている，という解釈をすることもできる。この本の無料配布を支えるパトロンになるというわけだ。
この出版モデルは，いわゆる ransom model （身代金モデル）の派生版とも言える。一般的な ransom model と比較すると，限られた印刷物を得ようという動機が設定されているぶん，プロセスが洗練されているように感じられる。
To find yourself , think for yourself © Socrates 469 BC
Last Update : June 02 , 2012 , at 09:53 AM
If you 've got even a passing interest in the subject , you 're undoubtedly aware that true progress in general - purpose x86 multicore programming has been slow and uncertain .
Intel and AMD may have made the technology affordable — a quad - core system could easily have cost thousands of dollars just five years ago , compared to the low hundreds today — but software development has lagged well behind the pace with which we 've seen new multicore chips .
A new report from Gartner suggests we 're fast approaching a time when top - end servers simply wo n't be able to use all of the additional cores they 're being handed .
Recent comments at the Multicore Expo echo the business analysis firm 's claim — expect multicore processor growth to zoom well beyond what the market needs .
Gartner analyst Carl Claunch does n't pull any punches .
" Looking at the specifications for these software products , it is clear that many will be challenged to support the hardware configurations ... accelerating in the future , " said Carl Claunch , vice president and distinguished analyst at Gartner .
" The impact is akin to putting a Ferrari engine in a go - cart ; the power may be there , but design mismatches severely limit the ability to exploit it . "
I agree with Mr. Claunch and Gartner 's central thesis insomuch as I agree that a 32 - socket server built on 32 - core processors would be a monstrosity ; most businesses would be hard - pressed to take full advantage of that much power in a single server .
With all due respect to Mr. Claunch and Gartner , however , I think the firm has completely misread the shape of the long - term semiconductor market .
With dual - cores slipping towards the value market segment and quad - core nearly ubiquitous across the upper ends of the market , it 's easy to see why Gartner takes the position that it does .
Quad - cores have become ( relatively ) cheap and affordable , and there 's Intel up on stage , talking about octal - core Nehalem - EX ( codenamed Beckton ) .
This does not , however , mean that it 's business as usual across any of Intel 's product lines .
For the first time in the company 's history , it 's leading with its smallest , weakest ( computationally speaking ) , and lowest - power parts — and customers can't get enough of them .
Intel is n't going to break with the current zeitgeist , particularly given today 's economic realities .
Yes , servers and massive HPC clusters will still be built at the very highest end of the market , and sure , we 'll see socket counts and total core installations rise .
It does not , however , follow that by the time Intel is pushing some hypothetical 32 core system , we consumers will be humming happily along on our " mere " 16 - core chips .
One option , as flabbergasting as it may seem , would be to simply build smaller chips and use the available die space for something different altogether .
We 've barely begun to explore the concept of pairing x86 processors with other specialized chips to ensure low power operation and best performance ; there 's no reason to assume that all of these — or even a majority — would be standard x86 chips .
As far as truly " multithreaded " applications are concerned , we are n't just attempting to reinvent the wheel — we 're trying to find out which tools we need to even try to make a wheel .
We 're going to make progress , but progress takes time — years , in this case .
While we 're waiting , there 's a fascinating brawl developing in the netbook market .
If VIA manages a launch and AMD lives up to expectations , Atom 's near - lock over the netbook segment could vanish in a heartbeat .
TORONTO -- Dr. Alan Hudson resigned Wednesday as chairman of eHealth Ontario , the provincial agency that became an embarrassment to Premier Dalton McGuinty when it was revealed workers had taken advantage of lax hiring rules to award bloated contracts to consultants , some of whom nickelled and dimed the public by expensing such items as cups of coffee and chocolate chip cookies .
“ It became obvious to us that there was a real problem associated with sole - sourcing of consulting contracts , ” Mr. McGuinty said Wednesday in announcing Dr. Hudson ’s departure , adding that the government has to be able to demonstrate that consultants who win contracts do so in a fair , open process .
“ The rules that we ’ve had in place for government dealings with consulting firms are outdated and clearly inadequate , ” he added .
“ They do n’t go far enough to protect taxpayers .
I take responsibility for this . ”
But the Opposition said the premier ’s mea culpea is too little , too late .
“ It ’s pretty obvious to any onlooker and I think to any Ontarian , that when you are dealing with taxpayers ’ money -- which is not your money , it is taxpayers ’ money -- you have to be careful , ” said Peter Shurman , a Progressive Conservative member of the legislature .
EHealth , which was created to place the province ’s health - care record system online , has been under siege in recent weeks after it came to light that several consultants were offered lucrative contracts that were n’t tendered while others charged and expensed such minor items as cookies , tea and coffee while being paid , in some cases , up to $ 2,700 per day .
Last week , the provincial government sacked Sarah Kramer as president of eHealth amid allegations of cronyism and questionable procurement practices in which large contracts -- totalling $ 5 - million -- were awarded without tenders from September , 2008 , to January , 2009 .
The contracts revealed a tangle of relationships between many senior eHealth officials , including Dr. Hudson and his former colleagues and associates .
Ms. Kramer left with $ 317,000 in severance , an amount that prompted the opposition to call for the resignation of Health Minister David Caplan .
Dr. Hudson , a neurosurgeon , was Mr. McGuinty ’s choice to lead the team that was to modernize the province ’s medical records system .
He was appointed eHealth Ontario ’s chairman in September , 2008 , after impressing the premier by spearheading a strategy that reduced the province ’s wait times for several medical procedures , including knee and hip replacements .
His goal was to create a digital record - keeping system by 2015 .
“ As to Dr. Hudson , I believe he has done the honourable thing .
He ’s made it clear that at this point in time , he cannot bring the kind of leadership necessary to eHealth that we need ...
So , I thanked him for the work he has done and commend him for the step he has taken , ” said Mr. McGuinty , who added he did not ask for Dr. Hudson ’s resignation .
Rita Burke , who most recently served as chairwoman of the provincial utility Hydro One , and was a top bureaucrat in the government of former Ontario premier Mike Harris , is to replace Dr. Hudson , 71 , effective Thursday .
Firefighters had to knock holes in the walls to rescue children
Prosecutors in Mexico have arrested seven regional officials over the deaths of 47 children in a fire at a day - care centre earlier this month .
The attorney general of northern Sonora state said the officials , from the state 's finance department , were being charged with negligent homicide .
The department was in charge of the operations at a warehouse next to the nursery , where the fire started .
Investigators found no fire alarms or extinguishers in the warehouse .
The property was used to store cars , tyres and paperwork for the state .
Sonora State Attorney General Abel Murrieta said arrest warrants had been issued for six other Finance Department officials .
" They are employees and officials with the Finance Department who have a direct responsibility for the warehouse where the fire started , " he told a news conference .
Investigators said the fire may have been caused by a short circuit or overheating in the warehouse air conditioning system .
The blaze spread to the roof of the day care centre and fire fighters had to knock holes in the walls of the building to rescue children .
Thirty children died on the day of the 5 June fire in Hermosillo and many more were badly injured .
The 47th victim , a three - year - old girl with burns on 65 % of her body , died on Sunday .
sex , culture and religion with greta christina
There 's a lot of pseudoscience lurking in sex positive communities .
But how did it get there in the first place ?
Not too long ago , I found myself reading a blog post which called for skepticism in sex .
How skeptical do you have to be to advocate the scientific method in the bedroom ?
Well , according to Greta Christina , the author of the post and a full column on the subject , even when people see sex as something natural , healthy and very important in life , there ’s still a tendency to inject a large dose of the supernatural into it .
To find out a little more about spirituality in sex and the culture which embraces it , I asked Greta for some insights …
Q : What prompted you to write an article about acknowledging materialism in sexuality ?
A : I ’ve been in the sex - positive community , the community of people who write about sex or who are activists promoting sexual liberation and sexual civil rights for a long time and one of the things that I ’ve been noticing in that community since I ’ve been identifying myself as an atheist , is how much the community views sex in a very spiritual light .
It ’s not the same as a traditional religious attitude .
The sex - positive community rejects the traditional religious view since it tends to be hostile towards sexuality .
Instead they view it in a New Age way , with chakras and goddess worship and so on , and so I just wanted to write a piece which presented another view on sex .
Something to say that you can be very positive about sex and embrace all the wonderful things in sexuality , but in a way that does n’t frame it as a metaphysical experience .
Q : Why do you think so many people in this community view sex with a spiritual , New Age reverence ?
A : First off , I want to preface this by saying that it ’s just speculation on my part .
I think it ’s reasonably informed speculation though .
There are basically three things going on .
First is that the idea that spirituality is good and that the spiritual world is the more important world is very pervasive in our culture .
It ’s taught to us early in our childhoods and even when you reject the traditional version and embrace sexuality as something positive , it ’s natural for people to create their own spirituality to frame sex as good .
The second thing is that the sex positive culture is overwhelmingly a progressive culture which tends to reject mainstream institutions .
And we see this in the way that this community accepts alternative medicine despite the fact that conventional medicine has been very rigorously tested .
But to them , science is The Man and they are pretty much throwing the baby out with the bathwater and embracing alternative medicine .
They embrace intuition and feeling and personal experiences , values they want to uphold over “ establishment ” ideas .
The third thing has to do with the nature of sex .
When sex is good , especially when it ’s very , very good , I think it can feel a lot like what people describe as a spiritual experience .
It transports you in an extraordinary way out of your normal experience .
Again , even if we reject traditional religion , we tend to frame these experiences as metaphysical .
But at the same time , they ’re still physical experiences .
We ’re just shifting the way the brain is processing information .
So I think that when people start embracing sex and sexuality as something positive , they tend to frame it in this mystical , spiritual way .
Q : What exactly do you mean by a sex- positive community ?
Is there a sex-negative community ?
A : I would say that the Religious Right is a very sex-negative community which actively promotes the idea that sex is bad , sex is trivial , sex is something that has to be prescribed in a certain way and there ’s a very small number of cases where you ’re allowed to have it .
And that can extend to any community where sex is seen as just a trivial thing that can only happen in certain cases .
By contrast , sex - positive communities are people who through writing , through art and activism try to promote the idea that sex is an important part of our lives .
Q : How do you think religious communities reconcile their religious commandment to be fruitful and have sex with their attempts to control sexuality and inject legality into sex ?
A : I think the answer they would give is that they do n’t think sex is bad .
On the contrary , they think sex is great and wonderful but God only wants you to have sex under these very specific circumstances .
You have to get married , it has to be an opposite sex marriage , obviously , and you have to be willing to have children so birth control is out .
But the reality is that they promote a lot of fear and hostility towards sex , telling women that men are just horny wolves and telling men that women are temptresses who will lead them astray .
So what really ends up happening is that they promote a very mixed view of sex , that sex is bad and evil but then , when you ’re married , it ’s wonderful .
And of course it does n’t work that way .
You get couples having really bad sex and unhappy sex lives because there ’s this barrier to talking about sex , getting information about it and absolutely no mention of female satisfaction .
But then you also have a culture of teenagers not using birth control .
They grow up thinking they ’ll reject sex but since they have hormones as we all do , they end up having sex and they do n’t use birth control .
There are a lot of statistics which show that in states where right wing religion is very prominent , teen pregnancy is very prominent .
So I think the upshot is very mixed messages and a very conflicted , messed up culture about sex .
Q : Imagine your ideal world in terms of sexual culture .
What would it be like ?
A : I thought about that a lot and the best metaphor I came up with for treating sex and sexual preferences is to treat them the way we treat music .
Different people have different musical tastes .
Some like opera , some like rap , some like country , some people like a wide variety of music .
To some people , music just does n’t matter a whole lot and to some people it ’s central to their lives and we pretty much accept that .
We might have our own negative opinions about certain musical types but we generally accept their right to enjoy their music as long as they ’re not forcing others to listen to it against their will .
And in fact we celebrate the diversity in music , that musical tastes change over time and that we have the right to choose the music we like for ourselves .
And I would like people to treat sex the same way .
I would like to see people treat sex as something important in life and something that ’s powerful and should n’t be trivialized .
We should acknowledge the fact that it could potentially do some harm , but that basically , it ’s a central part of life that we should accept , and that we should accept others ’ sexualities even if they ’re different from ours .
Want to know more ?
Look in the " key posts " section just below .
Want to know more ?
Look in the " key posts " section just below .
We 're " Backwards " because we rely on observation and natural practices to keep our bees thriving rather than pesticides , chemicals , or treatments of any kind .
" When I first looked at it I was n't sure , but when I moved it away from me it started coming out .
I thought Christ , yeah , she 's right - that 's the image of Jesus .
Explores how Chemical Structure & Reactivity
Naturally Emerge from the Periodic Table of the Elements
Mark R. Leach Ph.D .
Unlike chemistry textbooks printed on paper , this webbook contains dynamic Synthlet and Database pages that explore and make predictions about aspects of chemical structure & reactivity and have embedded reaction chemistry YouTube Videos .
Thanks go to the authors of web sites linked to from these pages , to members of the International Society for the Philosophy of Chemistry ( ISPC ) and to the members of the ChemEd internet discussion list who have answered my many questions and synthesized such interesting postings .
Yet another “ twist ” on something we twist everyday .
Designer Jess Han has re-imagined the simple door handle with a DaVinci Code style lock that denies entry for all but the chosen few ( cue : dramatic music ) .
This intuitive door handle dubbed the “ NUMLOCK HANDLE ” features a numbered dial - lock that re-shuffles and locks itself after every successful entry .
Get the code incorrect and Tom Hanks gets punched in the gut by an albino assassin .
The numbers can be replaced or supplemented with braille for that extra level of mystery .
Designer : Jaeseok Han
In 1932 the western world was in crisis , as the capitalist economies were shrinking rapidly while the Great Depression spread misery and hopelessness .
According to the intellectuals , however , there was one shining beacon , one place that provided hope : the Soviet Union under the “ enlightened ” leadership of Josef Stalin .
Stalin , the intellectuals claimed , had created a country and an economy that was impervious to the internal collapses that were endemic to capitalism , an economy that provided jobs and food for everyone .
However , there were nasty rumors from the Land of Plenty that there was famine in Ukraine .
One influential newspaper , however , openly and authoritatively denied there was any famine at all .
This was the “ Newspaper of Record , ” the most important newspaper in the United States and perhaps the world .
The newspaper was the New York Times , and it said there was no famine and that any reports to the contrary were lies from Trotskyites and disgruntled capitalists .
Later that decade , Stalin proceeded with his now - infamous “ show trials ” in which he claimed that a number of the original Bolsheviks that put him into power actually had plotted with Leon Trotsky to overthrow the “ Man of Steel ” and re-impose capitalism .
While some people expressed doubts , the New York Times , led by its man in Moscow , Walter Duranty , insisted that Stalin had uncovered massive plots against him .
We now know that the “ Newspaper of Record ” engaged in suppression of the truth , and the man most responsible , Duranty , still has his picture hanging in the lobby of the Times building as one of the paper ’s many winners of the prestigious Pulitzer Prize .
That his stories were lies apparently does not bother either the Times management or the committee that hands out the prizes .
When the Hitler regime was slaughtering Jews in Europe , the Times also suppressed or played down those reports .
The reason , according to the publisher , was that the paper did not want to be seen overly emphasizing “ Jewish causes . ”
I make these points because the Times recently championed the legislation placing tobacco products under the regulation of the Food and Drug Administration , and the editorial praising the government had a number of howlers , but none bigger than this statement :
It has now been proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that cigarette makers have spent decades making false statements , suppressing evidence of harm , and manipulating the design of cigarettes to increase their addictiveness .
I cannot recall any time in the near - 56 years of my life in which I have not been told in the media and elsewhere that tobacco can cause cancer .
Yes , tobacco executives wanted Americans to have a different picture of smoking than the cancer ward , but in a country with a free press , the word was spread far and wide .
The idea that the tobacco industry could keep health information out of the news is laughable , given the unrelenting hostility to the industry , which has been forbidden by law to advertise on television for the past 40 years .
There is a huge difference between executives making claims and “ suppressing the news . ”
But there ’s more .
The editorial also said :
The bill is not perfect .
It will not allow the F.D.A. to ban cigarettes or nicotine — a concession made years ago to avoid drawing intense opposition from smokers and free - market advocates .
Yes , we have the newspaper that was against prohibition of alcohol now endorsing prohibition against tobacco , and blaming “ free - market advocates ” for that omission of even more government control of our lives .
So , the newspaper that actively suppressed news of millions of people in Europe being slaughtered by totalitarian governments now blames individuals who believe the authorities should not be interfering with peaceful private exchange for keeping a “ perfect bill ” off the books .
And that “ perfect ” bill would impose yet another round of prohibition and all the destructiveness we know it would bring .
The Newspaper of Duranty , Jayson Blair , and the most skewed and dishonest coverage in the country of the infamous Duke lacrosse case now declares prohibition to be “ perfect . ”
Even for the totalitarian Times , this is a new low .
What 's the oldest data - loss incident on record involving social security numbers ?
How about health - care industry records ?
Well , there 's no way to know for certain , but the Open Security Foundation 's DataLossDB has just concluded a six - week contest that invited amateur sleuths to submit the oldest such loss incidents they could find .
The results were announced this morning on the organization 's blog .
Contest rules required that the incidents involve personally identifiable information , so there was particular interest in long - ago losses of Social Security numbers .
Contest winner , Corey Chandler -- who provided answers to both of the questions above -- dug back into a New York Times article from 1953 ( fee required ) to learn of an episode that was apparently an inside job :
Officials of Local 338 , International Longshoremen's Association , A.F.L. , one of seven locals being investigated by Kings County District Attorney Miles F. McDonald 's rackets bureau , reported to police yesterday that books and records had been stolen from their office .
...
Two day books , containing receipts of dues from the 700 members of the local ; a ledger listing the membership and the payment of dues by name ; a dues book showing daily collection , and 700 index cards bearing the names , addresses and Social Security numbers of the members .
The good news is that the authorities apparently believed the " alleged burglary " to be more likely a case of evidence tampering than a prelude to identity theft .
As for the oldest incident found involving medical records , that one occurred a few months prior to Orville Wright 's famous flight .
From the Aug. 21 , 1903 edition of the Los Angeles Times :
" The missing records for the Southern California Hospital for the Insane , alleged to have been purloined by ex-Steward C.N. Whitaker and ex-Druggist Fred W. Howard , have not yet been recovered .
...
Yesterday was an anxious period for the ex-employees who have been making charges based on the missing books and papers , the fact of the Attorney General 's office was taking a hand was being interpreted to mean all kinds of litigation , and perhaps a Grand Jury indictment . "
Another inside job .
Among the more common submissions was the 1938 episode involving the wallet maker E.H. Ferree Company in Lockport , N.Y. , whose vice president decided it would be a swell idea to demonstrate how Social Security cards fit inside its product by providing a sample document that featured the real SSN of Hilda Schrader Whitcher , his secretary .
From the Social Security Administration 's Web site :
The wallet was sold by Woolworth stores and other department stores all over the country .
Even though the card was only half the size of a real card , was printed all in red , and had the word " specimen " written across the face , many purchasers of the wallet adopted the SSN as their own .
In the peak year of 1943 , 5,755 people were using Hilda 's number .
SSA acted to eliminate the problem by voiding the number and publicizing that it was incorrect to use it .
( Mrs. Whitcher was given a new number . )
However , the number continued to be used for many years .
In all , over 40,000 people reported this as their SSN .
As late as 1977 , 12 people were found to still be using the SSN " issued by Woolworth . "
While impressive , contest rules held that to be eligible and incident needed to have victimized at least 10 people .
The second place entry involved hackers gaining access to a " Digital VAX 11/780 computer , which monitors the radiation treatment for 250 patients " at the Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York .
Interesting to see the perpetrators described as " pranksters " by Time magazine 's headline writers .
Third place was from 1984 and involved hackers accessing 90 million TRW credit histories , a haul that has earned this incident a spot on the DataLossDB 's all - time Top 10 list .
And , of course , there were the wise - guy submissions , such as : " Eve was socially engineered by a serpent resulting in total loss of records and denial of service attack against the tree of knowledge ; the computer involved was an apple . "
Sifting through the entries did give contest organizers an appreciation for how public awareness about data privacy has evolved over the years , says Kelly Todd , secretary / CCO of the Open Security Foundation .
" The biggest thing I noticed was that events that may have been headline news today generally were n't reported with as much detail and were usually given just a quick mention in a newspaper , magazine , or mail list , " Todd says " One particular event in which a stolen computer contained 314,000 credit card records only warranted a short story in a couple of local newspapers , and online searches gave us virtually no other information .
Today , such an event would be national news . "
WIMBLEDON
Date : 22 June - 5 July
Coverage : BBC One , BBC Two , BBC HD , Red Button , website streaming ( UK only ) and text commentary , 5 Live , 5 Live Sports Extra , BBC iPlayer
Tennis on the BBC By Piers Newbery
BBC Sport at Wimbledon
Andy Murray kept his campaign on track with a dramatic late - night win over Stanislas Wawrinka as Wimbledon witnessed its first floodlit match .
The fourth - round contest was played under the new roof after a rain shower .
And the Scot battled to a 2 - 6 6 - 3 6 - 3 5 - 7 6 - 3 win in three hours 56 minutes , with the end coming at 2238 BST - the latest Wimbledon finish .
Murray was outplayed early on but recovered to set up a quarter - final against wildcard Juan Carlos Ferrero .
" It was pretty special , I thought Stan played a great match , " Murray told BBC Sport afterwards .
" The standard he set at the start was tough to keep up with .
" He was playing great and he came out with some big shots .
In five - set matches there are these momentum shifts sometimes .
" It was great , always when you play indoors the atmosphere is great , but when you 've got 15,000 supporters it makes it extra special , so thanks a lot . "
The 22 - year - old from Dunblane is trying to become the first British man to win the Wimbledon singles title since Fred Perry in 1936 , and the first Scot ever to win a Grand Slam singles title .
Murray and Wawrinka had met seven times before , with the Briton holding a slender 4 - 3 lead , but he had won the last two and thrashed the world number 18 last time out at the US Open .
After Dinara Safina and Amelie Mauresmo had become the first players to play competitively under the roof in the previous match , the men were the first to start a match in the new conditions .
In the unusually echoing surroundings of the now indoor Centre Court , Murray received a huge ovation as he came out to serve , but Wawrinka made the stronger start as he got to 0 - 40 and converted his fourth break point of the opening game .
If that could be put down to early nerves , the situation got more serious when Murray thumped a backhand well over the baseline to fall two breaks down at 3 - 0 .
606 : DEBATE
There was the first sign of nerves from Wawrinka when successive double - faults offered up a break - back point in game four but Murray could only find the net , and the chance to get a foothold in the match disappeared .
A first - serve percentage of below 44 % and no aces was a dramatic decline from previous matches , while Wawrinka grew in confidence as he served out a set he had totally dominated in 34 minutes .
There was a huge cheer after Murray held comfortably at the start of the second set , but he was in deep trouble after the Swiss got to 15 - 40 at 2 - 2 with a killer drop shot and an unplayable forehand .
The first break point went begging quickly enough before Wawrinka then went just wide with a forehand , and when Murray unleashed a forehand cross -court winner on game point there was a palpable release of 58 - minutes ' worth of tension from both player and spectators .
Wawrinka received attention to his left thigh on the changeover before game eight , which then proved to be a key game as Murray finally earned two more break points , converting the second when Wawrinka put a backhand wide .
Murray and Wawrinka are the first players to begin under the roof Murray screamed in delight and powered through the next service game to love , taking it with an ace to level up a match that had been in danger of slipping away .
There was no let - up in the tension as the third set began , and Murray 's first - serve percentage had slipped to 32 % when he offered up three break points in game six .
The Briton was very fortunate that Wawrinka let him off the hook with three unforced errors , and he soon made him pay .
Wawrinka had a lapse of concentration in the following game and Murray pounced , moving to 0 - 40 and converting his second break point by forcing the Swiss to volley long , and a second break followed soon after as the 19th seed 's game temporarily disintegrated .
With the light fading outside as the time approached 2100 BST , there was no danger of the match ending early as the new floodlights ensured play would go on for as long as necessary .
Again it was Murray who faltered first in the fourth set , a poor forehand giving Wawrinka 30 - 40 at 3 - 3 , but the Swiss sent a forehand long to waste a ninth break .
With the floodlit contest now effectively a night - match , like those seen at the US and Australian Opens , Murray had a break point to serve for the match but netted a forehand and Wawrinka kept the contest alive .
The Swiss then let a chance slip in game nine but finally made the breakthrough on his 13th break point of the match to lead 6 - 5 , and he served out with an ace to force a decider at 2153 BST .
Murray grabbed the initiative in game two of the final set when Wawrinka netted a volley but the Swiss came storming back with three straight games to level at 3 - 3 .
Outside Centre Court , thousands of fans remained glued to the action on the big screen despite the total darkness , and their man urged those inside the 15,000 - seater arena to give greater support in a dramatic eighth game .
The world number three netted on two break points before he set up a forehand on the third and cracked it down the line to a huge roar from the crowd , and Murray then threw in a stunning drop shot before surviving a tense Hawkeye challenge on his way to serving out an extraordinary victory .
" I 'll have a pretty deep sleep tonight after that , " said Murray .
" After a match like that you take a lot of confidence , it was a great day . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Seems like every time you turn around lately , a great new Pre hack has been discovered and lovingly documented for all the world to see .
Originally created in the wake of Tuesday 's release of the webOS Doctor tool , the Pre dev wiki has gone from blank slate to treasure trove , bursting at the seams with juicy modding goodness .
Intrepid hackers have accomplished everything from custom Universal Search engines to unlocking the three - page limitation in the Launcher , but the most truly impressive achievement thus far is the ability to directly install the 1700 +
Optware Linux command - line packages - all without interfering with Palm 's own built - in webOS applications .
Read on for a full list of what we hope will soon be easily - installed mods for all - including the latest on the Holy Grail of tethering .
( In the meantime , if you 're an experienced Linux user or just feeling adventurous , you can attempt it yourself . )
WebOS Technical Details
Now that the Pre is out and about and in the hands of some skilled tinkerers , more details of the innter workings of WebOS are making their way out .
i Phone developer Steven Troughton - Smith has figured out some interesting stuff about Pre activation and using custom rom images .
Steve discovered and detailed that the Pre can " easily " run unsigned firmware .
He also details that the potential for future customization and more hacks are quite possible .
Another aspiring
Pre hacker , Matthew Garrett , has posted some of the technical details concerning WebOS 's Linux foundation , boot process and various other open source components .
Optware
Now onto the custom hacks ...
Let 's get the big ' un out of the way first .
Optware is the result of years of work from the nslu2 - linux.org project , which was originally built around hacking Linux - running NAS hardware like the Linkysys NSLU2 .
It 's a Linux package repository chock - full of apps like web servers , compiler toolchains and even things like Asterix ( an open - source PBX platform ) .
As mentioned in the introduction , you can now install these 1700 + packages onto the Pre , essentially turning the device into a full - fledged Linux computer .
The best part ?
It 's been rigged so that all of this can be done without getting in the way of webOS .
There 's no GUI for these apps as of yet - that will have to wait until the public release of the SDK - but they all work just fine via the command line .
Last night , I had a brief chat over IRC with Australia - based Linux developer Rod Whitby , who runs the NSLU2 - Linux and Optware projects and has been contributing to the Pre hacking madhouse that is the #webos - internals IRC channel , in order to get a handle on what this all means for the less tech - savvy amongst us .
The following is an edited transcript .
Rod Whitby :
You should mention the Optware package repository , which has over 1700 command - line packages which can be directly installed on the Pre .
These packages come from 4 years of work by the nslu2 - linux.org project , and have been used by many many people on routers like the WRT54G and Network Attached Storage devices like the Linksys NSLU2 .
These are things like web servers , protocol analysers , complete compiler toolchains , etc .
Even things like Asterisk , BitTorrent ...
None of them will have GUI front - ends at the moment .
We need a public release of the SDK to achieve that .
Palminfocenter :
But they can all be run from a command - line in the meantime ?
Do they all work straight off the bat ?
RW : Yes , all the ones we have tried so far work fine .
They are all designed to work completely alongside the existing vendor firmware , doing everything in the / opt directory and being able to operate even when / and / usr are read - only .
We have recently upgraded the procedure so that we use our own ipkg - opt command to install the packages ( Palm has a built - in ipkg command ) so that we do n't collide with Palm 's built - in ipkg database .
PIC : This means use of the Pre as a full - fledged Linux computer is / will be quite doable - and it wo n't interfere with the built - in Palm stuff ?
RW : Correct .
Exactly that .
PIC : What about updates ?
Obviously it 's early days , but will these mods be broken by Palm 's over - the - air updates ?
RW : The Optware packages are being installed in a loopback file that lives on / media / internal - the same place that you put your music files .
So the worst case is that you 'll just need to re-mount that loopback file after an update .
This was a specific recent change to the procedure as well , to obviate problems on OTA updates .
PIC :
These are impressive results for only a couple of day 's work .
At least , they seem that way to a non-savvy observer .
RW : I run the nslu2 - linux.org and optware projects , and we 've had lots of experience on getting Optware running on new devices as soon as we have root .
We had a package feed specifically compiled and ready , waiting for the day when we got root .
PIC : " Specifically " compiled how ?
Did you choose mobile - friendly stuff that you thought would work well on Pre ?
RW : It 's specifically compiled for the OMAP processor on the Pre .
There are no other Pre-specific modifications to Optware ( yet ) .
Palm have kept things very close to a normal Linux distribution , and therefore all things have " just worked " so far .
PIC : Is there any plan to make the installation of Optware and other Pre mods more user - friendly ?
RW : We 're working on a 1 - step script now .
When the public SDK is released you can be sure there will be a GUI app to install Optware , and use it via an on -device Terminal application .
For the other mods that touch Palm code , we have some ideas about using subversion and quilt to be able to distribute and apply patches on the device , be able to undo them all for an OTA update and then reapply them .
Being a pretty standard Linux box , we can use all these tools that normal software developers use for patching code directly on the device .
Universal Search Addons
One of the Pre 's most notable features is Universal Search - just start hammering away on your keyboard to search anything you like .
Or that 's the theory , anyway - in practice , the Pre is initially limited to searching Google , Google Maps , Wikipedia and Twitter .
You can fix that , though - all you need is root access and to follow the six steps listed on this page .
And thoughtfully , there 's even a page of pre-configured logo graphics and code for Amazon , BibleGateway , deviantART , eBay , Facebook , Google Images , IMDb , Last.fm , Merriam - Webster , RadioReference , Reddit and yelp .
Show Call Duration in Call Logs
Did you know that Sprint deliberately disables call duration information being displayed on their phones ?
Never having used their service , I could n't tell you if it 's true or not - but if you want this information to reappear on your Pre , then all you need to do is follow these instructions .
Launcher Pages
Only three launcher pages ?
Get serious , Palm - oh wait , you are .
Pre actually has the functionality for adding and deleting Launcher pages built into its code already ; you just need to uncomment it .
So you can now re-create all those custom app categories you were used to on Palm OS .
You 'll find the instructions at the bottom of the same page as the Call Log mod .
LED Customization
Out - of - the - box , the Pre does n't offer any kind of LED notification , which has been somewhat of a sore point for those who are used to having their phone light up when there 's new messages etc .
While a proper hack has yet to be implemented , this page shows it 's definitely doable .
Tethering
Possibly the biggest item on the Pre user 's wish - list is the ability to use your Pre as a 3G wireless modem - an idea which was nixed by Sprint in the intervening period between Pre 's January debut and June release .
Unfortunately for those eagerly awaiting a hack , the public discussion group at # webos - internals is not going to be working on this , as tethering would enable users to directly violate their Sprint Terms of Service and land the whole effort in legal hot water .
On the bright side , it has ( apparently ) already been accomplished - so all that 's needed is someone brave enough to release the mod publically and risk the Wrath of Palm .
Elisabeth Fritzl and her children could have been freed years earlier if Austrian authorities had not missed dozens of clues , writes Stefanie Marsh , author of a new book on the man who held his daughter in a dungeon for a quarter of a century .
There is a theory , popular in Austria , that Josef Fritzl was a cunning and extremely stealthy criminal .
But , having spent the past year researching the case , I have found that the opposite is true .
Josef Fritzl apparently left a number of clues that were ignored by officials
He is ruthless , and an accomplished liar , but he is also a clumsy operator , a man who , by the time he had reached his mid-40s , had been arrested twice for arson , twice more for sex offences , and jailed once for the rape of a woman at knifepoint .
And though the Austrian authorities have always insisted that they bear no responsibility for Josef Fritzl 's 24 - year incarceration of his daughter , Elisabeth , evidence I have seen suggests that this often flagrant criminal left a staggering number of clues in his wake - clues that were repeatedly ignored by social workers , the police and the judiciary .
In August 1984 , four months after her 18th birthday , Elisabeth disappeared .
She vanished at some point around lunch - time .
She was living at the family home in Amstetten at the time and , except for her father , the house was empty .
Her mother and one of her sisters were out shopping , another sister had been sent out by Fritzl for a walk .
By the time they returned , Elisabeth was gone .
It was Josef Fritzl who , the next day , would report Elisabeth 's disappearance to the police , hinting , without a shred of evidence to back up his claim , that she had joined " a cult " .
Notwithstanding the fact that there are no cults to speak of in Austria , either now or at the time , there were other factors that might have alerted the police 's suspicions .
' Acceptance ' Although Fritzl 's conviction for rape had by this stage been wiped from his criminal record ( by Austrian law sex offences were then automatically deleted from police files after a period of 10 to 15 years ) , it was commonly known in the tight - knit community that he was a convicted rapist .
His arrests for arson were still on record but he nevertheless legally owned two guns : a Bernadelli pistol and a rifle .
The alleged abuses took place at this house in Amstetten
It was also known to social workers that Elisabeth had run away from home two years previously .
On her return to Amstetten , however , they had chosen to discuss the matter only with her father , though Elisabeth was in the room at the time .
Additionally , some of her friends suspected Elisabeth of self - harming - another obvious outward sign of abuse - but social workers simply accepted Josef Fritzl 's account .
We now know what in fact happened on that August afternoon in 1984 .
Josef Fritzl had locked his daughter into a specially prepared dungeon in his cellar .
About a month into her incarceration , he forced her to write a letter which he then posted to himself and showed the police .
Again the authorities accepted everything Fritzl told them at face value .
The letter was never examined by a relevant expert , despite the fact that Austria 's expert on fringe religions actually lived in Amstetten ( he would eventually be shown all Elisabeth 's letters only in 2008 , declaring them obvious fakes ) .
Abandoned
In 1993 , nine years after Elisabeth disappeared , the first of three babies appeared on the Fritzls ' doorstep .
The precise details of these " discoveries " are particularly disturbing .
The first child was abandoned in a cardboard box along with a letter from Elisabeth .
However , in a nonsensical piece of bureaucratic logic it was decided that there would be no official search for Elisabeth because she was an adult and could " go where she liked . "
Fritzl forced his daughter to write letters from the dungeon Just over a year later there was a second child , this time found abandoned on the doorstep in a pram .
It was Rosemarie Fritzl who discovered this second child and it was she who then described what had happened to a social worker .
She said shortly before midnight she had heard the sound of a baby crying outside the house .
She discovered the child on the doorstep and returned inside with it in her arms .
Suddenly the telephone began to ring .
On the other end of the line a woman , claiming to be Elisabeth , was apologising for having abandoned her child .
It was obviously a taped message .
Rosemarie Fritzl hung up , but the phone immediately began to ring again .
When she picked up the same message was played down the receiver .
What was particularly mysterious to Mrs Fritzl , she told the social worker , was the fact that she and her husband had recently changed their home telephone number and this number was not yet known to anyone else .
Although the case of the two foundlings was unusual enough to attract the attention of the national press , nothing about this chain of events seems to have caused much concern among the authorities .
Unusual behaviour
At Josef Fritzl 's suggestion , one of the letters was examined by a graphologist who , of course , declared himself to be satisfied that it had indeed been written by Elisabeth Fritzl .
The fact that her letters never made any mention of a cult , and that , in later years , at least one letter would bear a postmark from a town very close to Amstetten , in which Josef Fritzl was known to own a house , still did nothing to alert social workers or the police .
A third child would appear on the Fritzls ' doorstep in 1997 .
He , too , would be taken in and raised by his " grandparents " .
Time passed .
Josef Fritzl spent more and more time in the cellar but nobody questioned his increasingly unusual behaviour .
He was living apart from his wife , in a separate flat within the house in Amstetten , and he would often spend the night in the cellar , claiming he was away on a business trips .
Lodgers saw him bring bags of groceries into the cellar , as well as building material , appliances , and furniture : bed frames , mattresses , a shower unit , a washing machine .
Things were constantly disappearing into the cellar and never coming out .
In late March 2008 , Elisabeth Fritzl 's oldest child , Kerstin , became desperately ill in the cellar and her father decided to evacuate her .
Had it not been for the suspicions of one of the doctors treating Kerstin in hospital , it is more than likely the case would never have come to light .
The Austrians have prided themselves on their discreet handling of the case , but there has been no inquiry , no admission of failure on behalf of the police , social workers , or the government .
The Austrian media , for their part , have been side - tracked into a largely peripheral debate about press intrusion .
And , although it is true that the British paparazzi in particular resorted to desperate and underhand tactics to get the first pictures of Elisabeth Fritzl and her children , many sections of the Austrian press showed no compunction in either publishing Josef Fritzl 's confidential psychiatric report before his case came to trial , or printing many of the intimate details of Elisabeth Fritzl 's ordeal when they were first leaked to an Austrian magazine .
So much for privacy .
Meanwhile , serious questions regarding the competence , gullibility and accountability of the Austrian authorities have gone unanswered .
Stefanie Marsh is a senior features writer at The Times .
The Crimes of Josef Fritzl : Uncovering The Truth by Stefanie Marsh and Bojan Pancevski is published this month by HarperCollins .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* trigger warning for sexual violence ; not safe for work *
In a wonderful article called It ’s Only a Penis , anthropologist Christine Helliwell talks of how her time with the Dayak community of Gerai in Indonesian Borneo changed her perceptions of the sexual body .
She writes of a time when a man crept through a window and into the bed of a sleeping woman .
She continues :
[ She ] awoke , in darkness , to feel the man inside her mosquito net , gripping her shoulder while he climbed under the blanket …
He was whispering , “ be quiet , be quiet ! ”
She responded by sitting up in bed and pushing him violently , so that he stumbled backward [ and ] became entangled with her mosquito net …
His hurried exit through the window , with his clothes now in considerable disarray , was accompanied by a stream of abuse from the woman and by excited interrogations from wakened neighbors in adjoining houses .
The next morning :
I awoke … to raucous laughter on the longhouse verandah outside my apartment where a group of elderly women gathered …
They were recounting this tale loudly , and with enormous enjoyment … one was engaged in mimicking the man climbing out the window , sarong falling down , genitals askew … both men and women shrieked with laughter .
Helliwell was appalled .
It sounded to her Western ears like a case of attempted rape .
It was frightening , not funny .
But , when she explained to the local women that what he did was bad , one replied , “ No , no bad , simply stupid . ”
Helliwell turned to the woman who had been approached by the man and said , “ He was trying to hurt you . ”
She replied , “ It ’s only a penis .
How can a penis hurt anyone ? ”
The Gerai had no word for “ rape . ”
I often think of this story when observing the way that women ’s and men ’s genitals are represented in Western culture .
I find the Gerai ’s perspective intuitively pleasing .
Penises are , in fact , very sensitive dangly bits imbued with much importance .
I can imagine a culture in which their vulnerability was front - and - center , so to speak .
I ’m reminded of an observation made by my colleague Caroline Heldman regarding the seemingly secret pact of all men not to fight “ below the belt ” so as to never draw attention to men ’s obvious and uniquely male physical weakness .
Yet , in Western cultures , we do imagine the penis to be a potentially threatening piece of anatomy .
In contrast , Helliwell writes , the vagina is often “ conceived of as a delicate , perhaps inevitably damaged and pained inner space . ”
Accordingly , we have collectively agreed to somehow believe that penises are potentially brutalizing and vaginas easily brutalized .
Where do these ideas come from ?
Well , here ’s a clue : the frequency with which penises are represented , literally , as weapons .
Kira recently sent in this example : a lubricant with the name “ Gun Oil ” advertised in the San Jose Mercury News ( this is also going straight to our pointlessly gendered products page ) .
A while back , we received this safer sex ad from Germany :
And Julie C. sent along a link to a set of safer sex ads that included these three :
While I am all for encouraging sexual pleasure and safer sex , I would prefer that such efforts not conflate the penis with a weapon .
Doing so only contributes to the idea that the penis is inherently useful for enacting violence and women ’s bodies naturally vulnerable to violation from men .
Moreover , Helliwell ’s experience suggests that this is n’t simply imaginary , but may also contribute to the enactment of violence or lack thereof .
Cross-posted at Pacific Standard .
Trans -Atlantic Comparisons Sophisticated Europeans , Obese Americans ?
One side is home to red wine - sipping Europeans , the other to gun-toting Americans : A whole slew of stereotypes can be found on both sides of the Atlantic .
But , as American historian Peter Baldwin argues in a three - part essay for SPIEGEL ONLINE , the EU and the US are much more similar than they think .
Von Peter Baldwin
Vogelgrippe Rumsfeld profitiert vom Tamiflu - Boom
Seit sich die Welt durch die Vogelgrippe bedroht sieht , klingeln bei der Erfinderfirma des Gegenmittels Tamiflu die Kassen .
Zu den Gewinnern gehört auch US - Verteidigungsminister Donald Rumsfeld .
Faced with the rapid expansion of medical marijuana dispensaries across Los Angeles , the City Council voted this afternoon to close a loophole in the moratorium that had inadvertently prevented city officials from taking legal steps to close those that have opened since the ban .
The action , which comes months after city officials became aware of the glitch , means that the city attorney ’s office will be able to file criminal or civil complaints against operators who fail to follow city orders to shut down .
It will be at least a week before the council takes a final vote .
“ We know that time is passing .
We ’ll close the loopholes , plug these floodgates , ” said Councilman Ed Reyes , chairman of the committee that is developing an ordinance that will govern how the city controls the distribution of medical marijuana .
“ We ’re taking very strong steps today . ”
The action was proposed by Councilman Jose Huizar after he received complaints from residents of Eagle Rock , where numerous dispensaries have opened after the moratorium was approved in 2007 .
He said that that people were “ putting up these fly - by - night operations knowing full well they could make a quick buck while they can operate under this loophole . ”
The hearing drew a raucous crowd of neighborhood activists , who asked the council to support the measure to clamp down on dispensaries , and medical marijuana activists and patients , who urged the council not to hinder access to a drug that has been shown to effectively treat pain and other ailments .
CNN -- Jesse Levey is a Republican activist who says he believes in family values , small government and his lesbian mothers ' right to marry .
Jeff DeGroot on hiking trip with his mothers , Elisabeth , on his left , and Meg Grear , on his right .
Levey is part of the " gayby boom " generation .
The 29 - year - old management consultant is the son of a lesbian couple who chose to have a child through artificial insemination .
He 's their only child .
Critics of same - sex marriage say people such as Levey will grow up shunned and sexually confused .
Yet he says he 's a " well - adjusted heterosexual " whose upbringing proves that love , not gender , makes a family .
" You can imagine what my parents thought when I was 13 and listening to Rush Limbaugh everyday , " Levey says .
" But my family had strong family values .
I was raised in a loving , caring household that let me be a free thinker . "
Watch how bar riots sparked gay movement »
The modern gay rights movement began 40 years ago this weekend during the Stonewall Riots in New York City .
While much of the controversy surrounding gay rights today has centered on same - sex marriage , a battle is brewing over another family issue :
Is it bad for children to be raised by gay or lesbian parents .
Explore the modern gay rights movement »
It damages the children , says Dale O'Leary , author of " One Man , One Woman : A Catholics Guide to Defending Marriage . "
She says that all children have a natural desire for a parent of each gender .
But children of same - sex couples are forced to repress that desire because their parents wo n't accept it , she says .
Their parents wo n't acknowledge their children 's needs because they do n't want to admit that they have caused their children to suffer .
" A baby is not a trophy -- the child 's welfare has to be considered , " she says .
" These children are more likely to experiment with same - sex relationships .
They 're more likely to be confused and hurt . "
Children of same - sex couples come out of the closet
O'Leary says she does n't personally know any same - sex parents or their children .
That 's the problem , some children of same - sex children say .
So many people are talking about them ; not enough are talking to them , they say .
Some gayby boomers say they are tired of hearing that their family is n't legitimate .
It 's an argument many have heard since they were children .
They learned that they did n't fit the definition of the " right " family , and worried how others would react if they found out about their parents .
The result : the children of same - sex couples often lived lives that were more closeted than their parents .
" Many of us were so closeted that we did n't know others like us were out there , " says Danielle Silber , a 26 - year - old fundraiser for the International Rescue Committee , who was raised by lesbian mothers and gay fathers in Takoma Park , Maryland .
" In middle school , because of pervasive homophobia and taunting , I did n't tell any of my new friends in school about my family to the point where I would n't invite them to my birthday parties , " Silber says .
Silber says she did n't tell her parents about her fear of harassment because she was afraid to stand up for her family in school even though she was proud of them .
" Although I would normally turn to my family , I could n't because I was ashamed that I was ashamed of them , " she says .
Shame has now turned to pride for some gayby boomers .
Many are now adults .
They 're writing memoirs , searching one another out online and have even formed their own support and advocacy group .
Their numbers are increasing as well , according to COLAGE ( Children of Lesbians and Gays Everywhere ) .
At least 10 million people have one or more lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender parent .
" As Harvey Milk [ the first openly gay man elected to a major public office ] said , the more people know us , the less they 'll vote against us , " says Silber , coordinator of COLAGE 's New York chapter .
" The more our voices are heard , the less other people will be bigoted . "
Who do you call mom ?
The more the children of same - sex couples come out , though , the more questions outsiders have about their unusual upbringing .
Some common ones :
Who do you call mom when you have two mothers ?
Did you ever miss not having a mom or dad ?
And the most tedious for most gayby boomers :
What 's your sexual orientation ?
The answers to these questions are as varied as the lives of gayby boomers themselves .
Take the question about missing a mom and dad .
Jeff DeGroot , 23 , was raised by two lesbian mothers in Oregon .
He does n't buy the argument that there 's a void in his life because he never had a dad toss a baseball to him .
" My parents can throw a baseball and take me hiking just as well as any man could , " DeGroot says .
" I 've always had a plethora of male role models .
I never felt that I was missing anything by not having that dad for me . "
DeGroot does periodically share one struggle with other same - sex children -- what to call his parents .
Since he 's raised by two lesbians , who does he call mom ?
Other same - sex children address the same linguistic challenge by either calling their parents by their first names , or by using expressions like , " my other dad , " or " kind - of - my mom , " same - sex children researchers say .
" If I 'm on one side of the house and I want to talk to my biological mom , I 'll yell , ' Mother , ' '' DeGroot says , chuckling .
" If Meg [ one of his mothers ] says , ' Yes ? '
I 'll say , ' No , other mother . ' "
Dealing with teasing from classmates and the community is n't so easy , same - sex children say .
It 's not unusual to hear children of same - sex couples say that they were teased by classmates , but some of that may depend on their age and where they grew up .
DeGroot , for example grew up in Corvallis , Oregon .
The city is in a college town and in a liberal state .
DeGroot 's age may help , too .
He did n't grow up in the 1970s , but came of age recently when gay couples were generally more accepted .
DeGroot 's biological mother , Elisabeth , says her community did n't criticize her or her partner for raising their son .
Some of her son's friends actually thought their son was cool for having two lesbian moms , she says .
" It was so in being gay and lesbian , " she says .
" Some of Jeff 's classmates would say , ' Oh , you got two moms ?
I got to meet them ! ' ''
Elisabeth 's partner , Meg Grear , says she gets upset when she hears critics say that children of same - sex will grow up physiologically damaged .
" That makes me mad .
I know better .
There 's Jeff , " she says .
Do gay parents produce gay kids ?
Some children of same - sex couples say their upbringing actually makes them psychologically stronger .
Abigail Garner , author of " Families Like Mine : Children of Gay Parents Tell It Like
It is , " calls her upbringing a " fabulous gift . "
She is the daughter of two gay dads and a straight mom .
She says her interviews with other children of gay or lesbian parents showed that those who shared her upbringing tend to be more empathetic and unafraid to take unpopular stands .
" I 'm not surprised when I hear gay parents say their child stood up for the kid who was bullied in class or reached out to the one with a disability , " Garner says .
Some of the same children , though , face more difficulties dealing with questions about their sexual orientation .
Garner , 37 , who identifies as heterosexual , says some repress their sexuality because they do n't want to give ammunition to their parents ' critics .
" I know story after story of children who started to question their sexuality but stayed quiet about it out of fear that the truth would reflect poorly on their parents , " Garner says .
Science has already weighed in on the question of whether same - sex couples tend to raise gay children -- and if there 's something wrong if they do .
According to the American Psychological Association , numerous research shows that most kids of same - sex households describe themselves as heterosexual in roughly the same proportion as conventional families .
The association also says that homosexuality is not deviant behavior but a normal expression of human sexuality .
The APA also concludes that gay parents are just as capable as straight parents , and that laws barring same - sex couples from adopting have no scientific basis .
Those laws , however , do exist .
At least six states have explicit restrictions on adoptions by gays and lesbians : Florida , Mississippi , Arkansas , Utah , Nebraska and Michigan , according to the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force .
The laws may have been passed to protect the family , but allowing gay people to marry could actually strengthen the family , says Jesse Levey , the Republican activist who was raised by two lesbians .
" The conservative argument for family values is that we should be in married couples ; I agree , " Levey says .
" If we want to see children raised by married couples , then we should let gay people get married . "
A Republican lobbying for same - sex marriages might seem odd , but Levey says he embraces the conservative notion of individual freedom .
He became a Republican at 12 .
Once , he sought permission for his middle school class to listen to Rush Limbaugh ( he says he no longer listens to Limbaugh ) .
" When you grow up with Lesbian mothers , you can't get your ears pierced to rebel , " he says .
" I became a Republican . "
Today , Levey sees his parents ' choice not as an expression of rebellion , but as a desire for something that 's actually a conservative virtue -- a loving family .
" I believe in family values , but family is about taking care of your children and respecting one another , " he says .
" It does n't matter what your sexual orientation is . "
All About Gay and Lesbian Relationships • Adoption • Family
One time when I was getting a job interview for an entry level position , my potential employer took a good look over my resume .
“ So I see you ’re really into this anime stuff , ” he said .
Since I had run a number of anime clubs in college and minored in Japanese , it was a pretty obvious theme through out my resume .
“ Yes , ” I told him , “ I collect Japanese animation and Japanese comic books . ”
I am a little worried about bringing up this subject at job interviews .
How would these potential employers interpret my hobby ?
Would they consider it unique and interesting , or would they think it was silly and childish ?
But luckily for me , he seemed to have a very favorable impression on the medium .
“ You know , the best book I have ever read about business and business practices was a Japanese comic book .
I could n’t believe how educational it was .
I learned so much from that one book . ”
And a week later , he hired me for the job .
So when No Starch Press sent me over their current selection of The Manga Guide to … educational series , I remembered what my boss had said about learning his trade from just one comic book .
Can manga actually be used in education ?
After reading through three books that have been released in the series , I can confidently say that yes , manga does make a great educational tool .
I selected to read The Manga Guide to Databases first because it ’s related to my profession in IT .
While I do n’t necessarily deal with databases every day , I have used them quite a bit .
In fact , my Anime Almanac the Live website completely runs off of a MySQL database on my own server .
With this volume , I was introduced to the basic structure of these guide books .
Each book contains its own complete story of a person in need of tutoring on a particular college - level subject .
After each chapter of comical interaction between the tutor and the student , there are several pages of text that review all the points brought up by the characters in the comic .
These review sections also include more details , charts , and on occasion , a few review questions for the reader .
The story for Databases revolves around a princess and her kingdom ’s exporting sector .
Her manager is going nuts because the kingdom ’s economical information is disorganized and misinformation threatens chaos among the lands .
In comes Tico , a magical fairy who teaches the two how to use a database to keep their information organized and their kingdom stable .
Yes , it is a cutesy narrative fairy tale about a modern and mundane subject like databases , but it worked and was actually quite enjoyable .
Did it teach me anything ?
Well , no , I already knew everything they had to say .
And in fact , I ’m a little doubtful if their “ designing databases ” chapter is really all that useful as I consider design to be more of a skill and not so much a thing you can learn from a book .
But still , I found that all the information they presented in this comic was identical to the information I had read in my Databases textbook back in college .
However , I enjoyed reading it much more in this narrative comic book format then I did reading it in that textbook .
To get a different perspective on the educational potential of this series , I selected to read The Manga Guide to Physics .
This was a class I was required to take in college and high school , but for the most part , I have n’t dealt with the subject since then .
I immediately realize that no two manga guides are the same as each one is drawn by a different artist .
For Physics , we follow the story of a high school tennis player who struggles with her physics class and her game .
She gets tutored by the class egghead on physics , and the information ends up helping the girl to prepare for a rematch tennis bout with her school rival .
This volume added a good text - only section in which the two main characters bantered between each other about some of the finer points of physics .
These dialogs proved to be more effective in teaching the reader the subject than the comics did , while still remaining charming and amusing .
The story and art style gives off a vibe like a normal shonen romance series , and I think that if there is a problem with this particular volume , it would be this .
While Databases was cutesy and fanciful , it seemed very accessible to most college students that might need to learn the subject .
After all , we all grew up on fairy tales .
However , being deep in Japanese high school culture , and diving into some of the slightly perverted nature of this genre of comic , I ’m afraid that Physics might be a little too unusual for students not already familiar with manga .
Since these books are printed in the “ flipped ” format of left - to - right , I assume they are trying to target an audience beyond otaku .
But still , it was more enjoyable as a comic than reading a physics textbook .
While I do n’t really think I learned anything new , it refreshed me on a lot of the concepts and theories I learned back in school .
And finally , I selected to read The Manga Guide to Electricity because I do not know anything about electricity beyond its daily household uses .
What would manga be like teaching someone a brand new subject ?
This volume shows the story of a girl from an advance planet in outer space .
Unfortunately , she is unable to keep up with the advance teachings of electricity .
So for help , her teacher sends her down to the “ simple ” planet Earth to take some remedial courses on the basics .
And it was with Electricity where I finally discovered the power of this series .
Again , I knew nothing about electricity prior to reading this comic .
But thanks to the simplistic dialogue of manga and the pacing of the story , I very easily took in every single bit of information that this book was trying to convey .
By the end of the first few chapters , I had a very good understanding on voltage , circuits , and how electricity is formed at the atomic level .
I even learned the differences between AC and DC power , and why being electrocuted by one type would feel different from being electrocuted by the other .
It was all so fascinating , and I wanted to read more and learn more from this book .
If only I found regular textbooks to be this effective back in school , then maybe I might have been more motivated in my studies ..
It makes me wish I was a college professor just so I could assign these books as “ required reading ” to my students .
The Good : Adding a narrative in the form of manga to textbook concepts and theories takes away the boredom and dullness of higher education .
This makes it easier to pick up on new information .
The Bad : Since they do originate from Japan , some of the stories might be too “ otaku ” for the average American student .
Final Verdict : The Manga Guide to … educational series is a fantastic and fun way to learn very deep and important material .
I can strongly recommend it to any student taking the courses offered in the series , or to anybody just wishing to learn about a brand new subject .
This product is not currently available
Links to Useful Lojban Resources
The following is a list of links to major and / or noteworthy Lojban resources beyond just lojban.org .
If you know of any useful sites that I overlooked , let me know .
velcilre ( Tutorials )
vlaste ( Word Lists )
gerna ( Grammar )
snustu ( Places of Discussion )
A ( complete ? ) list of all major & semi-major places of Lojbanic discussion
Lojban Google Group — the current incarnation of the Lojban mailing list and the primary place of Lojban discussion
Lojban Beginners Google Group — the primary place of discussion for budding Lojbanists
jbotcan — Lojban forums , along with links to a bunch of other Lojban resources
— Lojban forums , along with links to a bunch of other Lojban resources #lojban — an IRC channel on Freenode devoted to Lojban
# jbosnu — an IRC channel in which only Lojban ( no English or other rarbau ) is spoken
) is spoken Lojban IRC logs
jbocitri ( Lojban History )
A timeline of major events in the history of Loglan & Lojban
A somewhat more in - depth companion to the above timeline
The Loglan - Lojban Dispute — how the two languages came to be separated
The Great Rafsi Reallocation — about the Reallocation , including a comparison of the rafsi before & after the change
before & after the change Lojban etymology — a reconstruction of the natural language words from which the gismu were derived ( scroll down )
jboci'aci'e ( Lojban Orthographies )
srilermorna — a cursive orthography by Lakmir
— a cursive orthography by Lakmir saplermorna — an abandoned simplified form of srilermorna by Lakmir , preferred by at least one jbopre
— an abandoned simplified form of by Lakmir , preferred by at least one zbalermorna — a vowel - diacritic orthography also designed by Lakmir
— a vowel - diacritic orthography also designed by Lakmir Various resources on la .tenguar . , a Lojban mapping of J. R. R. Tolkien 's Tengwar orthography for the elven tongues
vrici ( Miscellanea )
ralju
Pünktlich zum 60 .
Jahrestag des Grundgesetzes weist die Agentur KemperTrautmann der von Bertelsmann initiierten Kampagne „ Du bist Deutschland “ mit einer Abmahnung auf den Missbrauch des Markenrechts zur Beschneidung des Grundrechts auf freie Meinungsäußerung hin .
KemperTrautmann fordert Lehmann dazu auf , jegliche Bezüge zur “ du bist deutschland ” – Kampagne zu entfernen und die Adresse dubistterrorist .
de nicht mehr zu verwenden .
Er hat drei Tage Zeit , alles wie gewünscht zu entfernen .
“ Du bist Terrorist ” — mit dieser Animation , eine Uni-Abschlussarbeit von Alexander Lehmann , werden anschaulich verschiedene Anti-Terror - Massnahmen wie die Vorratsdatenspeicherung , Bundestrojaner und biometrische Pässe visualisiert .
Wie Markus auf Netzpolitik schreibt : Am Feiertag des Grundgesetzes ist das ein Griff ins Klo !
Update :
man hat sich ausgesprochen .
es ging mehr um die Persönlichkeitsrechte der abgebildeten Kinder auf dem Hintergrundbild , als um sonstige Rechtsstreitigkeiten .
Anonymous blogging may not be protected by the courts in future A serving detective whose anonymous blog carried criticisms of government ministers and police bureaucracy has been disciplined by his force .
The action , by Lancashire Constabulary , follows the exposure of the blogger " Night Jack " by the Times newspaper .
He was unmasked after the High Court rejected his plea that his anonymity be preserved " in the public interest " .
Lancashire Constabulary said the blogger , named as Det Con Richard Horton , had received a written warning .
A spokeswoman said : " The commentary in the blog is indeed the work of a serving Lancashire detective and clearly the views and opinions expressed are those of the author himself and not those of the wider Constabulary .
" We have conducted a full internal investigation and the officer accepts that parts of his public commentary have fallen short of the standards of professional behaviour we expect of our police officers . "
He is keeping his head down and wo n't be making any comment
Night Jack 's lawyer Earlier , Mr Justice Eady refused an injunction to prevent the Times identifying " Night Jack " , who won an Orwell prize for blogging in April .
The judge said said blogging was " essentially a public rather than a private activity " .
The blogger 's lawyer had argued that preserving his anonymity was in the public interest .
Hugh Tomlinson QC said thousands of people who communicated via the internet under a cloak of anonymity would be " horrified " to think the law would do nothing to protect their identities if someone carried out the necessary detective work to unmask them .
Local criminals
But the judge ruled any right of privacy on the part of the blogger would be likely to be outweighed by a countervailing public interest in revealing that a particular police officer had been making such contributions .
In his blog " Night Jack - An English Detective " an unnamed officer had chronicled his working life in an unnamed UK town with descriptions of local criminals and his struggle with police bureaucracy .
Mr Justice Eady said the blog contained opinions on a number of social and political issues relating to the police and the administration of justice .
He added " Night Jack " had expressed strong opinions on matters of political controversy and had also criticised a number of ministers .
The judge said the blogger had known he risked disciplinary action if his employers found out one of its officers was communicating to the public in such a way .
This was one of the main reasons why " Night Jack " was keen to maintain his anonymity , he added .
Entitled to know Rejecting the argument that all the blogger 's readers needed to know was that he was a serving police officer , the judge said it was often useful , in assessing the value of an opinion or argument , to know its source .
" For so long as there is anonymity , it would obviously be difficult to make any such assessment .
" More generally , when making a judgment as to the value of comments made about police affairs by ' insiders ' , it may sometimes help to know how experienced or senior the commentator is . "
He did not accept that it was part of the court 's function to protect police officers who were , or thought they might be , acting in breach of police discipline regulations from coming to the attention of their superiors .
The public was entitled to know how police officers behaved and the newspaper 's readers were entitled to come to their own conclusions about whether it was desirable for officers to communicate such matters publicly .
Det Con Horton 's blog has now been removed from the internet .
His lawyer , Dan Tench , said his client had nothing to say , following the announcement that he had been disciplined .
" He is keeping his head down and wo n't be making any comment , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- NYSE Euronext shares fell 10 % on Monday after posting a fourth quarter loss amid falling revenue and write - down of the European exchanges it bought nearly two years ago .
The firm reported that it swung to a fourth - quarter loss of $ 1.34 billion after writing down the value of the Euronext exchanges it bought at the height of exchange consolidation , but its top executive said clients are becoming more optimistic about the economy and markets .
The company said it will continue to pay a dividend , but it ended its stock buyback plan in order to preserve capital .
The firms bought back 13.4 million shares during the fourth quarter , for a total cost of $ 348 million .
In morning trade , the shares fell 10 % , to $ 20.63 .
NYSE Euronext NYX ( NYX ) , the operator of the New York Stock Exchange , the Euronext stock exchanges and the Liffe futures exchange , posted a loss of $ 1.34 billion , or $ 5.06 a share .
NYSE Euronext earned $ 156 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 .
The results were hurt by impairment of certain goodwill and indefinite - lived intangible assets related to the merger of NYSE Group and Euronext , as " adverse equity - market conditions " caused a " material decline in industry market multiples in the latter part of 2008 . "
The NYSE bought Euronext in April 2007 in a deal valued at about $ 14 billion .
Sentiment beginning to turn on economy , stocks
During a conference call on Monday to discuss results , Chief Executive Officer Duncan Niederauer said that while the prevailing sentiment is that the current stock market is a trading one and not an investing one , sentiment is headed in the right direction .
" Despite the prevailing market conditions , many executives are feeling much more positive about the market than just a couple of months ago when most were extremely pessimistic looking into 2009 or just not looking forward at all , " the executive said .
" My sense is that despite a January which was the worst ever recorded by the Dow and S&P , people are starting to turn the corner . "
In the same presentation , executives said the firms remains on track to record $ 120 million of cost savings in 2009 , associated with it purchase of the American Stock Exchange last year .
The firm also said that it has trimmed the American Stock Exchange staff by 48 % , to 225 , since it closed the deal .
Volume , revenue and profit fall
On an adjusted basis , NYSE Euronext 's profit fell to 52 cents a share from 65 cents a share , it said .
The dollar 's strengthening versus the euro accounted for 7 cents a share of negative impact on earnings .
Planned investments for the NYSE Liffe U.S. and NYSE Amex accounted for another 6 - cent hit .
Revenue fell 2 % to $ 683 million as higher volumes were offset by lower prices .
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had expected profit of 56 cents a share on revenue of $ 1.2 billion .
" The main drivers behind lower than expected net revenues and net transaction fees were higher liquidity payments and routing and clearing fees , " Sandler O'Neill analyst Rich Repetto said Monday morning .
Separately , the NYSE reported January trading volumes , with U.S. cash - products volume down 9 % , European cash - products volume down 29.5 % and European derivatives volume down 18 % .
June is turning out to be a pretty bad month for aviation safety .
This evening , a Yemenia Airbus A310 crashed an hour from its destination into the Indian Ocean off the island nation of Comoros .
Nothing is known about the cause of the crash , but the plane was carrying a total of 154 passengers when it went down .
This is the second Airbus crash this month .
On June 1 , an Airbus crashed killing all 228 passengers .
The flight was en route to Moroni , and had departed from the Yemen captal Sanaa for its four and a half hour flight .
The official site of the airline has not posted any additional information yet .
UPDATE : The Airbus A310 was carrying 142 passengers – including families with babies – and 11 crew members .
Comoros police said three bodies had been recovered so far and the five - year - old child has been pulled from the water alive .
There is no word on other survivors .
UPDATE 2 : Faults were detected on this plane in 2007 , which has sparked an inquiry into the Yemenia airline ’s safety record .
UPDATE 3 : “ We never had problems with the plane .
[ The accident ] was purely weather , ” Yemenia Chairman Abdulkalek Saleh Al - Kadi said in a telephone interview from Sana’a .
% Gallery - 51812 %
( Image is of a Yemenia Airbus A330 )
Here 's a list of things that you can start recycling today ...
1 . Old bricks , worthless ?
No , those bricks can be recycled , and are very valuable to some people !
2 . Use reclaimed wood for your next project at home .
Use your own , or find some on freecycle , Craigslist , at your local transfer station , or recycle.net .
3 . There are many places you can exchange or recycle your old electronics .
4 . Sell off or post an ad for free metal scrap to be recycled .
5 . If you have enough , your old VHS tapes can be recycled
6 . Packing tape and stickers cannot be recycled , so use these sparingly in the first place .
7 . Tools are very valuable items on eBay .
Try selling them in lots to save time , shipping waste , and energy .
8. Empty propane tanks may be able to be taken as scrap metal , or properly disposed of at hazardous waste facilities .
Reuse these whenever you can !
9 . Even large items like BBQ grills can be recycled as scrap metal once the propane tank has been removed .
10 .
Kids toys have a new life when they 're donated to thrift stores like Salvation Army or local churches .
11 . Recycle your old prescription bottles , they have a million uses .
12 . After they 've been used up , recycle your old batteries .
13 .
How about other plastic numbers , what do those mean ?
You may be able to recycle some of them .
14 . Flip flops can be recycled and repurposed a number of creative and unique ways .
15 . Ca n't figure out what to do with your old lamps , wall décor , or knick knacks ?
If you ca n't eBay them , donate them to a thrift store for charity purposes .
Craigslist and Kijiji are good alternatives , too .
16 . Recycle your shipping styrofoam or reuse it .
17 . Window treatments have the chance to live again as you recycle your curtains into pillows .
18 . Carpet can be recycled if it is clean and usable .
19 .
Donate it , sell it , or recycle your television .
20 . Stop by an Aveda location to recycle your bottle caps .
21 . The rumor has been floating around that aluminum can't be recycled .
While the rules may differ per town , you can still reuse it a few times by giving it a cleaning .
22 . Reuse your old jeans in these 25 ingenious methods .
23 .
Why trash it ?
Your shower curtain is a great drop cloth or apron .
24 .
Your ink cartridges are accepted at many different locations online and in person , like Staples .
25 .
You might be able to trade in your old printer for a credit on a new one .
They 'll recycle it for you .
There 's always earth911 , too .
26 . Tires are a must to be recycled , and it 's very easy .
27 . Learn how you can recycle your roof shingles to become part of our roads .
28 . Make sure when installing a new car battery that the mechanic will recycle it .
29 . Cardboard boxes can be taken at your local recycling station , or sent curbside if they 're small enough in most instances .
30 .
Save your old packing peanuts and recycle them by giving them to your local shipping company .
They will gladly take them off your hands .
31 . Your gently used clothing can be resold on eBay , or donated .
32 . Good news !
# 5 plastics can be recycled at many Whole Foods locations .
33 . Potato chip bags and those other foil packaging that often are used to wrap up junk food can be recycled at Terracycle.net .
34 . Used ( many times ) ziploc containers and similar disposable plasticware can be recycled usually as # 1 plastics .
35 . Shaving cream metal cans are accepted in most recycling facilities with other metal cans .
36 . Can tabs can be recycled with your cans .
Do n't pull them off , that kidney dialysis machine time rumor is false .
37 .
You could n't have enough options to recycle your cellphone
38 . Blankets can be recycled by donating them to animal shelters ( if clean ) .
39 .
Recycle your own scrap wood and furniture by reusing it , or donate it .
40 .
Save that box and make some Pizza box art , or maybe just recycle it if you follow these instructions .
41 . Mattresses , aerosol cans , even washing machines can be recycled .
42 . Bread twist ties will be your new best friend after you read these creative uses .
43 . Reading glasses can be recycled and donated , and are always in demand .
44 . Old books can be sold on Amazon , donated to thrift stores , donated to schools , and to hospitals .
There 's always the yard sale option , too .
45 . Freecycle your old sports equipment .
46 . Did you know your old aluminum siding could be worth a lot of money ?
47 . Your old greeting cards can even be recycled creatively .
48 . Wrapping paper is just paper and has many ways to be reused or recycled .
49 .
Do n't forget all types of glass bottles can be recycled -- wine bottles , jelly jars , colored glass ... these are all accepted at most recycling facilities .
50 .
Your old screened doors have many ways that they can be recycled .
Photo of wind turbine by warrenski under Creative Commons 2.0 .
Rights groups have long campaigned for a repeal of the law
A court in the Indian capital , Delhi , has ruled that homosexual intercourse between consenting adults is not a criminal act .
The ruling overturns a 148 - year - old colonial law which describes a same - sex relationship as an " unnatural offence " .
Homosexual acts were punishable by a 10 - year prison sentence .
Many people in India regard same - sex relationships as illegitimate .
Rights groups have long argued that the law contravened human rights .
Delhi's High Court ruled that the law outlawing homosexual acts was discriminatory and a " violation of fundamental rights " .
The court said that a statute in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code , which defines homosexual acts as " carnal intercourse against the order of nature " and made them illegal , was an " antithesis of the right to equality " .
' India 's Stonewall '
The ruling is historic in a country where homosexuals face discrimination and persecution on a daily basis but it is likely to be challenged , says the BBC's Soutik Biswas in Delhi .
It also promises to change the discourse on sexuality in a largely conservative country , where even talking about sex is largely taboo , our correspondent says .
Gay rights activists all over the country welcomed the ruling and said it was " India 's Stonewall " .
New York 's Stonewall riot in 1969 is credited with launching the gay rights movement .
" It [ the ruling ] is India 's Stonewall .
We are elated .
I think what now happens is that a lot of our fundamental rights and civic rights which were denied to us can now be reclaimed by us , " activist and lawyer Aditya Bandopadhyay told the BBC .
" It is a fabulously written judgement , and it restores our faith in the judiciary , " he said .
Leading gay rights activist and the editor of India 's first gay magazine Ashok Row Kavi welcomed the judgement but said the stigma against homosexuals will persist .
" The social stigma will remain .
It is [ still ] a long struggle .
But the ruling will help in HIV prevention .
Gay men can now visit doctors and talk about their problems .
It will help in preventing harassment at police stations , " Mr Kavi told the BBC .
But the decision was greeted with unease by other groups .
Father Dominic Emanuel of India 's Catholic Bishop Council said the church did not " approve " of homosexual behaviour .
" Our stand has always been very clear .
The church has no serious objection to decriminalising homosexuality between consenting adults , the church has never considered homosexuals as criminals , " said Father Emanuel .
" But the church does not approve of this behaviour .
It does n't consider it natural , ethical , or moral , " he said .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The head cleric of Jama Masjid , India 's largest mosque , criticised the ruling .
" This is absolutely wrong .
We will not accept any such law , " Ahmed Bukhari told the AFP news agency .
In 2004 , the Indian government opposed a legal petition that sought to legalise homosexuality - a petition the high court in Delhi dismissed .
But rights groups and the Indian government 's HIV / Aids control body have demanded that homosexuality be legalised .
The National Aids Control Organisation ( Naco ) has said that infected people were being driven underground and efforts to curb the virus were being hampered .
According to one estimate , more than 8 % of homosexual men in India were infected with HIV , compared to fewer than 1 % in the general population .
Hacker News でものすごい数のコメントを集めている記事があり、何かと思ったら
Good Math , Bad Math の
Very off topic :
Why I wo n't be at my high school reunion というエントリだった 。
Good Math , Bad Math は Radium Software で何度か名前を見た覚えがある科学系ブログという程度の認識だが、このブログの作者
Mark Chu - Carroll は現在 Google に勤務するソフトウェア技術者である。
その彼が今回はオフトピで、それが読みたくない人は読まないこと。また通常よりもコメントには厳しく対処することを宣言して話をはじめる。
Mark Chu - Carroll は1984年に高校を卒業し、今年はその25周年ということで同窓会が開かれる。たくさんの同級生が
Facebook や電子メールで接触してきて、同窓会への参加を促す。しかし、彼はその求めに応じるつもりはないという。それは何故か？
彼が語るのは、やせっぽちで活動過多なオタク（geek）だった自分の過去、そしてその自分が学校でいかにひどい目にあったかである。
高校のクラスで、私には真の友は一人もいなかった。年長の友人はわずかながらいた。年少の友人も二三人いた。でも文字通り、同級生で私に歩み寄り友達のように扱ってくれる人は一人もいなかった。一人だって。
その彼が高校で受けたひどい仕打ち、許しがたい暴力……しかし、それから25年経ってネットを介して接触をはかる同級生たち。その中には自分にひどい暴力を日常的にふるってた奴がいる。
いったいお前ら何だっていうんだ？ どうしてお前ら、私がお前らの相手をしたいなんて思うわけ？
どうしたら我々が古くからの友達みたいな厚かましい態度が取れるんだ？
よくもそんなことができるよな。お前らの一人が送ってきた「ご返事ください」リストをみていると、私はお前らの名前を思い出して文字通り吐き気を催す。
ワタシ自身は geek ではなかったし、彼のようなひどい目にあったことはない。それでも読んでいて痛みを覚え、泣きそうになった。
ポール・グレアムの 「オタクが人気者になれない理由」とも共通するテーマだが、案の定この文章は多くの人たちの琴線に触れたようで大変な反響を呼び、コメント欄はあふれ、コメント用に新たにエントリがたてられている。
以上が私がお前らに望むことだ。私に近寄るな。私はお前らの人生の話なんて聞きたくないのだ。お前らが高校を卒業してからどんなに変わったかなんて知りたくない。お前らの仕事、配偶者、子供の話なんて聞きたくないんだ。私は今では良い生活を送っていて、お前らの誰かに連絡をとって自分の世界を汚染する理由なんて思いつかないんだよ。
救いなのは Mark Chu -Carroll の現在である。その優れた仕事、家族。しかし、失われたときを取り戻すことは極めて難しいし、絶対に許せないことだってあるのだ。
WASHINGTON , July 20 ( Reuters ) - Public support for President Barack Obama ’s handling of healthcare reform , the pillar of his legislative agenda , has fallen below 50 percent for the first time , a Washington Post - ABC News poll released on Monday said .
Obama and his Democratic allies in Congress have run into stiff opposition this month as they try to pass legislation to restructure the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare industry through the creation of a government - run health insurance program .
Republicans and some fiscally conservative Democrats argue the plan , with an estimated cost of more than $ 1 trillion , could hurt small businesses , add to budget deficits and reduce the quality of medical care for many Americans .
Those concerns may be having an impact on the public , according to the poll , which showed 49 percent of respondents approving of Obama ’s stand on the issue compared to 57 percent in April .
Those saying they disapproved rose to 44 percent from 29 percent during the same period .
Obama and the White House have gone on the offensive to drum up support for the plan , which would compete with private insurers , provide cover to many of the 46 million uninsured and try to stem runaway medical costs .
With time running out to pass a bill in Congress this year , the battle is shaping up as a major test of Obama ’s presidency .
Delaying legislation until 2010 , a congressional election year , could give Republicans and critics in the healthcare sector more time to galvanize opposition to the plan .
But Obama remains more trusted than Republicans in Congress to do a better job on healthcare reform , the poll showed , with 54 percent of respondents putting their faith in the U.S. leader versus 34 percent in favor of Republican lawmakers .
His overall approval rating also remains high at 59 percent despite some slippage in approval ratings for his handling of the economy , the federal budget deficit and other leading domestic issues , according to the poll .
It surveyed 1,001 adults randomly by telephone between July 15 - 18 , 2009 .
The results from the full survey have a margin of error of plus / minus three percentage points .
( Writing by Paul Simao ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
June 03 , 2009 18:17 IST
B ing.com , Microsoft 's new search engine and much ballyhooed ' answer to Google ' , seems to have a neurotic attitude towards pornography .
While users in the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia can search for , comb over and ultimately view sexually explicit material within the search page itself , Bing.com is automatically set - up to censor searches from India and certain other countries .
Searches from within India for the term ' sex ' , along with other sex - related terms , return the following result :
' THE SEARCH SEX MAY RETURN SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONTENT .
To get results , change your search terms . '
No results are listed .
There is no ' safe search ' option where users can toggle on / off this automatic censorship .
However , it 's been discovered that if users change their ' country location ' setting to an uncensored country , say the US , full results will be displayed , provided the user then turns off ' safe search ' .
Other countries to get this censorship treatment are Middle East nations , China , Germany , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , Taiwan , Thailand and Turkey .
As for a possible explanation , it 's been surmised that Microsoft is likely wary of India 's Information Technology Act of 2000 , which contains specials provisions related to publishing or transmitting pornographic content .
The definition of such ' pornographic content ' is reportedly far - reaching :
Any content that is lascivious and that will appeal to prurient interest or the effect of which is to tend to deprave or corrupt the minds of those who are likely to see , read or hear the same .
In the past , analysis of search engine data has shown that Indian users search for ' sex ' more frequently than Internet users from any other country .
Bing.com , which is essentially a beefed up version of Microsoft 's ' Live Search ' , was unveiled by Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on May 28 , at the All Things D conference in San Diego .
Bing was scheduled to be fully online by today , June 3 .
free evaluation with no appointment required
Bring in your device needing recovery to our Costa Mesa office for a free evaluation between 9 am - 5 pm ( M - F )
Evaluation results typically in one business day
After hours or rush service call 949-614-1299 x707
Our Offices are located at :
600 Anton Blvd ,
Ste 1131
Costa Mesa
CA 92626
Lowest Prices in the oc with great reviews
Ship your drive to us Complete the online Service Form and place the completed form in your shipment .
Carefully package your drive and ship it to us to the above address .
AFFORDABLE DATA RECOVERY for most devices
We expertly recover files from Desktops , Laptops , External Hard Drives , SSD Media , Flash Drives , USB Thumb Drives , Compact Flash , RAID Systems , NAS , Servers , iPhones .
All manufacturers supported including Apple , WD and Seagate .
Trusted & relied upon in the local area by Genius & Geeks alike .
Data Recovery , Done Right !™
David 's wife Julie , 49 , has been living with the model for the last 15 years - and she said she was delighted to see the back of it .
She said : " We never dreamed that it would get so big when he started building the model - if I had known I would probably have said no to the idea .
Over time it just became part of our lives .
We just accepted it .... "
Credit : REX FEATURES
School ’s out for summer -- except for hundreds of children in western San Bernardino County who , because of an administrative snafu , must make up 34 days of school this summer .
The fourth - , fifth - and sixth - graders at Rolling Ridge Elementary in Chino Hills and Dickson Elementary in Chino exceeded the state ’s requirement of minutes spent in the classroom , and the last day of school was supposed to be Thursday .
But because of the complexities of state law and a clerical error on a spreadsheet , the Chino Unified School District will lose more than $ 7 million in state funds if classes end at the schools before July 31 .
“ I ’m appalled .
I ’m just really kind of amazed the state would . . . take it out on the kids , ” said Michelle Knight , whose son , Tristan , is a Dickson fifth - grader .
Knight said the family ’s summer schedule is already packed : Mother and son are taking a road trip to Washington to visit family this month , and Tristan is going camping in July with his father , who lives in Colorado .
The 11 - year - old also has swim meets with the Chino Valley Dolphins team , community theater rehearsals and Boy Scout camp - outs .
Advertisement
“ He needs a break .
He ’s a kid , ” said Knight , a teacher .
Rolling Ridge fourth - grader Sean Cornish said the extended school year would interfere with his plans to spend time with family and swim in his family ’s backyard pool .
“ Oh , mannnnn , ” said the 10 - year - old , adding that the subject has been a frequent topic of conversation among his classmates .
“ They think it ’s dumb , that they have to go to school for these extra days because some lady messed up . ”
School officials are sympathetic .
Advertisement
“ We made an error on the minimum days of about five minutes , ” said Dickson Principal Sue Pederson .
“ Realistically , that ’s our accounting mistake as adults .
We ’re unfortunately making the children pay for it by making them give up their summer . ”
Students at each school exceeded the state ’s requirement of at least 54,000 minutes of annual classroom time , but the problem arose in the district ’s minimum days .
Schools typically have one shortened day per week , allowing teachers to use the remaining time for planning and parent conferences .
Under state law , these days must be at least 180 minutes , and the daily average classroom time over 10 consecutive days must be 240 minutes .
An internal audit in early May discovered that 34 minimum days had been 175 minutes at Dickson and 170 at Rolling Ridge , said district spokeswoman Julie Gobin .
That adds up to a shortage of 170 and 340 minutes , respectively , which could be made up in one or two school days .
But under state law , these too - short days do not count at all , meaning that all 34 must be made up to avoid a state penalty of more than $ 7 million .
“ The penalties for not meeting the instructional time requirements are high , much higher than just making up of the time , ” said Hilary McLean , spokeswoman for the state Department of Education .
“ It was the intent of the Legislature to make the penalties so stiff [ in order ] to discourage districts from shaving off minutes here and there . ”
Advertisement
An associate superintendent at the district , who is retiring this year , has taken responsibility for the errors .
Legislation was introduced last month to give the district some relief and is scheduled to be heard in the Assembly Education Committee on Wednesday .
Then it goes to the Appropriations Committee , the Assembly floor and then the Senate .
“ I wish we did n’t have to go through this process to get this fixed .
The rules and regulations are so bureaucratic , ” said Assemblyman Curt Hagman ( R- Chino Hills ) , who wrote the bill .
“ It ’s common sense . ”
Because of the timing , and the uncertainty of the bill ’s prospects , the district is planning 34 - day extensions at Dickson and Rolling Ridge , which will cost about $ 200,000 .
The financial stakes are too high not to do so , Gobin said .
Advertisement
The district has recently cut $ 44 million from its $ 273 - million budget , including closing three elementary schools , laying off 172 teachers and increasing class sizes in kindergarten through third grade , she said .
School leaders are trying to turn the unexpected summer session into something special for the children , including arts , music and hands - on science experiments that are increasingly rare in classrooms .
The extra instruction also will allow students to get a jump on next year ’s curriculum , which appealed to parents such as Nancy Smith , whose daughter Cassidy is in sixth grade .
“ It will help prepare her for junior high , ” Smith said .
Schools are offering independent study packets for students who ca n’t attend the sessions .
A survey by the district indicated that roughly half of the 500 students affected will attend school and the other half will study independently .
Advertisement
But based on interviews with parents as they picked up their children at Dickson last week , that projection seems optimistic .
Smith was one of two parents interviewed who planned to send their children to school .
More than a dozen others said summer plans -- such as pre-paid sleep - away camps and family vacations -- would take precedence .
“ It ’s the school ’s fault , ” said Yadira Labrada , as she waited for her sixth - grader son .
“ I ’m not doing it . ”
--
seema.mehta@latimes.com
A Toronto high school student 's detailed vision of a space settlement — a spinning , cylindrical - shaped structure capable of holding 10,000 residents — was named the winner of an annual NASA competition .
Eric Yam , a Grade 12 student Toronto 's Northern Secondary School , took the grand prize in his age group of NASA 's Space Settlement Competition , becoming the first Canadian to win the award in the contest 's 16 - year history .
His settlement — named Asten , an alternate name of Thoth , the Egyptian god of balance — is a 1.6 kilometre - high structure made up of a series of habitation rings stacked in the shape of a cylinder .
The entire structure rotates on its axis , simulating Earth - like gravity for its inhabitants .
Yam 's description of the settlement runs 92 pages and includes detailed drawings using the free downloadable software Google SketchUp .
And it leaves no stone unturned , covering everything from emergency procedures to which foods will be grown on the station , based on their nutrient content .
Yam 's plan calls for 15 years of planning followed by 12 years of construction and another three years to make the settlement habitable .
His estimated cost to build the station is $ 563 billion US .
The project even delves into how the society on the station would work and borrows heavily from Canadian policies , including adopting a tax regime based on the Canadian income tax system and deciding who lives on the station based a point system modeled on Canada 's immigration policy .
The contest is co-sponsored by the NASA Ames Research Center and the U.S. - based National Space Society and directed at students from ages 11 to 18 from around the world , with two age categories for the contest .
Yam 's entry was one of 309 submissions from a total of 875 students .
A group of students from Emery Collegiate Institute in Toronto took a share of third place in the Grade 6 to Grade 9 age group for their project , entitled Sky High .
Two other teams from the same school also received honourable mention .
Frank Luntz 's " The Language of Healthcare 2009 "
THE LANGUAGE OF HEALTHCARE 2009
By Dr. Frank I. Luntz
This document is based on polling results and Instant Response dial sessions conducted in April 2009 .
It captures not just what Americans want to see but exactly what they want to hear .
The Words That Work boxes that follow are already being used by a few Congressional and Senatorial Republicans .
From today forward , they should be used by everyone .
You simply MUST be vocally and passionately on the side of reform .
The status quo is no longer acceptable .
If the dynamic becomes “ President Obama is on the side of reform and Republicans are against it , ” then the battle is lost and every word in this document is useless .
Republicans must be for the right kind of reform that protects the quality of healthcare for all Americans .
And you must establish your support of reform early in your presentation .
THE 10 RULES FOR STOPPING THE “ WASHINGTON TAKEOVER ” OF HEALTHCARE
(1) Humanize your approach .
(2) Acknowledge the “ crisis ” or suffer the consequences .
(3) “ Time ” is the government healthcare killer .
(4) The arguments against the Democrats ’ healthcare plan must center around “ politicians , ” “ bureaucrats , ” and “ Washington ” … not the free market , tax incentives , or competition .
(5) The healthcare denial horror stories from Canada & Co. do resonate , but you have to humanize them .
(6) Healthcare quality = “ getting the treatment you need , when you need it . ”
7 ) “ One - size - does - NOT - fit - all . ”
(8) WASTE , FRAUD , and ABUSE are your best targets for how to bring down costs .
(9) Americans will expect the government to look out for those who truly can’t afford healthcare .
( 10 ) It ’s not enough to just say what you ’re against .
You have to tell them what you ’re for .
http://www.politico.com/static/PPM116_luntz.html
Comment :
By Don McCanne , MD
This is an important document .
It is Frank Luntz ’s recommendation to the Republican politicians on how to frame the debate over health care reform .
If you have been listening to the Republicans speak on reform , you have already heard some of the rhetoric , and you will recognize it as you read this report .
This is not a report on health policy .
If you read it as if it were a policy paper , you will likely become angered over the liberties that Luntz takes with policy concepts .
You will recognize a great many distortions and , worse , many instances in which his statements are not supported by the facts ( i.e. , “ lies ” in common parlance ) .
This is a report on political framing of the debate .
It is designed to provide Republicans with political rhetoric that theoretically would shift support to the Republican positions for reform , and away from the Democratic positions .
As you read it , you will see that there is a very strong emphasis on the latter , and very little on the former since the Republicans have almost nothing to offer in the way of substantial reform .
A note of caution :
As you read the report , you will tend to fall into the trap of responding based on their framing of the issues .
Do not do that .
Always address the issues within our own framing structure .
When you identify rhetoric that is blatantly untrue , you will tend to say , “ That ’s a lie . ”
Such ‘ tis so /’tis not debates are never productive and tend to favor the smooth talkers ( predominantly Republicans ) .
Instead , respond with highly credible facts that use the framing from our own arena .
Another word about lies .
You will see that Frank Luntz does not have an issue with this .
What counts is a strong message that appears to be credible , regardless of whether or not it is .
On our side , we must never lie , nor even distort our message .
We have established unblemished credibility with our message , and we must never do anything that might impair that credibility .
That makes our task more difficult because we must be very careful that anything we say is supported by sound health policy science .
But it also makes the Republicans vulnerable since they tend to concentrate on sound bites that are not based on sound policies .
That risks exposing them as charlatans ; we can do that with our carefully framed messages .
Some parts of the report actually provide good advice not only for the Republicans , but for the Democrats as well .
In fact , you will identify some recommendations that have been lifted from our camp .
We can continue to use these , and we should not attack them when they use the same rhetoric .
Only when they twist it unfairly should we counter with our rhetoric describing the beneficial impacts of our policies .
Look at this example from the report : “ What Americans are looking for in healthcare that your ‘ solution ’ will provide is , in a word , more : ‘ more access to more treatments and more doctors … with less interference from insurance companies and Washington politicians and special interests . ’ ”
What Luntz left unsaid is that these are features that more closely describe the progressive position .
Most of the Republican policies would make these worse .
Again , you would n’t respond by saying , “ That ’s not true . ”
You would respond by providing accurate sound bites on how the single payer proposal provides improved access by eliminating financial barriers to care , and single payer would eliminate the private insurance industry so it could no longer interfere with your care .
Wait .
Progressive ?
Single payer ?
Is n’t my comment supposed to be talking about the framing to be used the Democrats ?
Well , we have a problem here .
Look at another example from Luntz ’s report : “ We suggest ratcheting up the rhetoric against insurance companies to almost the same degree as you do against Washington bureaucracy .
Call the Democratic plan a ‘ bailout for the insurance industry ’ — both because it is , and because it will build lasting credibility by going after the two things the American people hate most : Washington bureaucracy and insurer greed . ”
Wow !
Luntz is right !
The Democratic plan IS a “ bailout for the insurance industry . ”
In fact , the Democrats have lost all credibility on this one when they have AHIP ’s Karen Ignagni front and center at every hearing , every forum , every summit , and her operatives providing input to the closed - door sessions , while they have excluded from the process those who most vigorously attack the insurance companies - the single payer advocates .
Read Luntz ’s report .
Be prepared to respond using our framing .
Attack their credibility when they provide us with obvious openings .
What is sobering is that we have to use the truth to attack both the Republican and the Democratic politicians .
And this was to have been our great opening to provide high quality care for everyone .
But do n’t give up .
The Democrats ’ plan wo n’t work .
They ’ll still need us to fix our system when their failure becomes painfully obvious .
Science & Exploration Giant eruption reveals ' dead ' star
16/06/2009 2555 views 4 likes
An enormous eruption has found its way to Earth after travelling for many thousands of years across space .
Studying this blast with ESA ’s XMM - Newton and Integral space observatories , astronomers have discovered a dead star belonging to a rare group : the magnetars .
X - Rays from the giant outburst arrived on Earth on 22 August 2008 , and triggered an automatic sensor on the NASA - led , international Swift satellite .
Just twelve hours later , XMM - Newton zeroed in and began to collect the radiation , allowing the most detailed spectral study of the decay of a magnetar outburst .
The outburst lasted for more than four months , during which time hundreds of smaller bursts were measured .
Nanda Rea from the University of Amsterdam led the team that performed the research .
“ Magnetars allow us to study extreme matter conditions that cannot be reproduced on Earth , ” she says .
Magnetars are the most intensely magnetised objects in the Universe .
Their magnetic fields are some 10 000 million times stronger than Earth’s .
If a magnetar were to magically appear at half the Moon ’s distance from Earth , its magnetic field would wipe the details off every credit card on Earth .
This particular magnetar , known as SGR 0501+4516 , is estimated to lie about 15 000 light - years away , and was undiscovered until its outburst gave it away .
An outburst takes place when the unstable configuration of the magnetic field pulls the magnetar ’s crust , allowing matter to spew outwards in an exotic volcanic eruption .
This matter tangles with the magnetic field which itself can change its configuration , releasing more energy .
And this was where Integral came in .
Integral observations
Only five days after the big eruption , Integral detected highly energetic X - rays coming from the outburst , beyond the energy range that XMM - Newton can see .
It is the first time such transient X - ray emission has been detected during the outburst .
It disappeared within 10 days and was probably generated as the magnetic configuration changed .
Magnetar outbursts can supply as much energy to Earth as solar flares , despite the fact they are far across our Galaxy , whereas the Sun is at our celestial doorstep .
There are two ideas as to how a magnetar forms .
One is that it is the tiny core left behind after a highly magnetic star has died .
But such magnetic stars are very rare , with just a few known in our Galaxy .
Another suggestion is that during the death of a normal star , its tiny core is accelerated , providing a dynamo that strengthens its magnetic field , turning it into a magnetar .
Currently most astronomers favour the first idea but as yet they have no conclusive proof .
“ If we could just find a magnetar in a cluster of highly magnetic stars , that would prove it , ” says Rea .
So far only 15 magnetars in total are known in our Galaxy .
SGR 0501+4516 is the first new soft gamma repeater , one of the two types of magnetars , discovered after a decade of searches .
So , astronomers continue to search for more , waiting for the next giant eruption .
As for their newly discovered SGR 0501+4516 , the team has been granted time to return and observe it again next year with XMM - Newton .
Now they know where to look , they hope to detect the object in a quiescent state , rather than in outburst , so that they can study the calm after a big storm .
Notes for editors :
The first outburst of the new magnetar candidate SGR 0501+4516 by N. Rea , G.L. Israel , R. Turolla , P. Esposito , S. Mereghetti , D. Gotz , S. Zane , A. Tiengo , K. Hurley , M. Feroci , M. Still , V. Yershov , C. Winkler , R. Perna , F. Bernardini , P. Ubertini , L. Stella , S. Campana , M. van der Klis , P.M. Woods , was published yesterday in the online version of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
As many of you may already know I 've embarked on a new journey about two years ago thanks to my podiatrist and now friend who got me started on a road to a healthier me .
I was n't in bad health to begin with but then again I 'm considered young and a lot of chronic diseases are just starting to develop silently when you 're my age .
So off I go changing what I eat , how much I exercise , and how I manage other lifestyle choices all in the quest to be the best that I can be .
Little did I know that doing something so positive would bring such negativity from others .
Not that it's all been negative because I have gotten some great compliments and wonderful support from many who care about me and love me but sometimes the pot shots add up over time and get the best of you .
You 're probably wondering what I 'm talking about .
Well , since transitioning to where I am today I will admit that I 've lost weight ( a small amount of fat around the waistline ) and gained muscle mass ( not much but I 'm much more toned now ) .
I was n't born with a big frame in the first place so for a guy living in America it 's not really " cool " and readily " accepted " to be small and lean .
My major changes have come in the means of the foods I eat .
I have enthusiastically delved into the scientific literature to cut through all of the confusion and advice given out there from everyone from your doctor to those tv commercials .
What I 've discovered is really eye opening !
What I found was that the more humans transition from eating animal based foods to plant based foods and stay away from refined sugars / carbohydrates and eat a low fat diet the better their state of overall health .
So this is what I 've done and have never felt better and have never had better blood work because of it .
I 've experienced such great improvements and benefits from all this that I wanted to share the information with others .
And so started a 6 week online course to get certified in plant - based nutrition .
And in the meantime I put every spare moment and ounce of energy I 've had into creating and developing a website to help share this good news with others in hopes of making a positive impact on their life .
Everything I 've aimed to do in this journey has been to become a better person and help others be the best they can be .
And yet despite all of my efforts I 've run into numerous trials and tribulations along the way .
I 'll list them below . -
I 've been told I 'll never be able to produce change and that people are set in their ways and unwilling to listen . -
I 've been told I look anorexic because I 've lost about 10 lbs . -
I 've been told that I almost resemble a cancer patient because I 've lost weight .-
I 've been told that I need to put some meat on my bones and bulk up because apparently that 's the popular way to look in America if your a man .
Big and heavy regardless if health problems go along with this .-
I 've been told I need to drink some protein shakes because I 'm not getting enough despite the fact that my protein level came back normal in my blood test - this was told to me by a dietitian by the way . -
I 've been told I exercise too much even though I 'm exercising the recommended 5 - 10 hours a week which certainly is n't excessive by any means .
If that 's too much then I would hate to hear what would be said about professional athletes .
This again was told to me by a dietitian . -
I 've been told that I 'm going to waste away if I keep doing what I 'm doing .-
I 've been told that I wo n't have enough in reserves if I get sick despite the fact that living the new life that I live has been proven by science to reduce and almost eliminate the chances of becoming sick . -
I 've been told that my food choices are " extreme " and " drastic " .
Apparently failing to conform to America 's thirst for fast food , fatty steaks , and over piled plates is a sign of radicalism despite the fact that science proves those choices cause endless years of suffering with chronic diseases . -
I 've been told I 'm not qualified enough nor do I have the credentials to dispense any advice on these life saving diet and lifestyle choices because I 'm not a dietitian and do n't have the letters " RD " behind my name .
Apparently spending 2 years with my face in numerous books and articles written by well respected physicians , continuing my education in the field of nutrition , reviewing between 400 - 500 scientific studies on health and wellness , and spending in excess of 300 hours doing the research and leg work to build a website on how to achieve optimal health is not good enough and makes me an idiot who does n't know what I 'm talking about .
I actually lost a close friend because of this one .
This one definitely hurt the worst .
So there you have it a small glimpse of what I 've went through over the past 2 years .
I 've been beaten up and kicked when I was down as well as ridiculed along the way but I refuse to give up .
I 've been brought to tears especially by losing a friend over all this but again I refuse to give up .
I 've dedicated my life outside of my full time job to this entire process sacrificing much of my free time that I could have spent with family and friends but again I refuse to give up .
Why you ask ?
Because sometimes in life doing what you were called to do does not include failure regardless of how much suffering or sacrifice has to take place .
I 'm not here on this earth to see how big of an ego I can develop or see how much money I can throw around in the face of others .
That 's never been my goal .
I do n't give up as much time as I do or purposely go around with the intent of bragging about myself and what I 've accomplished to get attention from others .
I do what I 'm doing because I care about others and how they 're experiencing life .
I want nothing but the very best for them and I would never and do n't feel that I 've ever come across as forcing anybody to do anything they do n't want to .
I 've only tried to share information that could benefit them now and in the long run .
We are only given one life to live .
And all I hope you can do is when you see someone else pouring their heart and soul into something that means so much to them and their efforts only succeed in producing a positive impact on other 's lives then do n't ridicule them and tell them they 're not good enough even if it is in a joking manner .
Those type of actions only accomplish something negative and do nothing to help .
Instead take some time to understand why they 're so dedicated and you too may end up being filled with the joy and fulfillment that they are experiencing as you embark down a path you probably never thought was possible .
My new website - www.PursueAHealthyYou.com
by politics.co.uk staff
Ireland 's regional development minister has suffered an arson attack at his home in Camlough .
Conor Murphy managed to evacuate his wife and children and his wife 's elderly parents , who lived next door , when the attack occurred around 01:00 BST this morning .
Mr Murphy blamed dissident groups for the attack .
" We had to evacuate our own kids out of our house , down to neighbour 's houses , in case the cars actually exploded while they were burning , " he said .
" They were all fairly traumatised by the whole experience .
" There was some damage to both houses but the fire brigade managed to get the fires out before the houses caught fire . "
He continued : " The reality is the people who sneaked into my yard last night and traumatised my kids , my parents - in - law , my wife have n't offered any explanation as to who they are or what they 're about .
" It is incumbent on them to do so and let people decide whether they offer a better way forward .
" Until such times as these people come out from under cover of darkness we can't actually ascertain who they are or what their motives are . "
Police are considering the incident as malicious , and have cordoned off the area and called for witnesses .
Thus far over the past 24 hours we have seen four images appear online from Tim Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland .
They include Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter , Helena Bonham Carter has the Red Queen , Anne Hathaway as the White Queen , and Matt Lucas as Tweedledee & Tweedledum .
One final image is now making the rounds of none other than Alice herself as portrayed by Mia Wasikowska .
You can see her with a giant teacup and the other character images together below .
Tim Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland takes place ten years after the events of the original .
Alice , now 17 , returns to Wonderland the day she is proposed to with no memory of her prior visit and adventures .
Burton and his crew have been hard at work on the film ’s elaborate visual effects since live - action photography concluded last December .
The finished film is expected in theaters on March 5 , 2010 .
Proposals have been submitted from both sides to reach an operating agreement so that the Senate can get back to work .
With pressing local and state - level legislation caught up in the logjam and looming June 22nd close of session , it is imperative the Senators reach a workable solution NOW .
The Democrats have put forward a proposal that would result in a true bipartisan operation of the Senate :
Operation of the Senate :
The parties agree to rotating Presiding Officers of the Senate , alternating daily , one each to be designated by the Democratic Conference and the Republican Conference , respectively .
Bills for Consideration :
The parties agree to establish a six - member Senate Conference Committee , comprising three members designated by the Democratic Conference and three members designated by the Republican Conference , to determine which bills and resolutions will reach the floor .
On agreement by a majority of such Committee , an Active List for each session shall be compiled and advanced .
No bill shall be advanced or voted on by the Senate without prior approval of a majority of such Committee .
Floor Leaders :
The parties agree to rotating Floor Leaders , alternating daily , one be designated by the Democratic Conference and the Republican Conference , respectively .
On each day that the Presiding Officer is named by the Democratic Conference , the Floor Leader for such day shall named by the Republican Conference , and on each day that the Presiding Officer is named by the Republican Conference , the Floor Leader for such day shall be named by the Democratic Conference .
Expiration Date :
The agreement would stay in effect until the end of the 2009 session .
The Republican proposal simply reiterates what they put forward last week , and is " bipartisan " in name only :
Operation of the Senate : The Temporary President of the Senate , may preside , or if he chooses not to , the Majority Leader , may preside or choose another of either party to preside .
The Presiding Officer , will have all the powers provided under law or rules to the President of the Senate .
Bills to be Considered :
The parties agree that the Temporary President and the Majority Leader shall jointly publish a list of bills to be active on the Senate floor .
A sponsor of legislation may move to have his or her bill on the calendar considered on the next active list if a majority of the members present and voting agree .
Any bill on the calendar may be considered on the next active list upon the presentation of a petition signed by the majority of the members elected to the Senate .
Leadership of the Senate : The Temporary President of the Senate shall be Pedro Espada Jr. , an enrolled Democrat , who shall jointly administer the Senate with Vice President Pro Tempore and Majority Leader , Dean Skelos , an enrolled Republican .
Expiration Date :
The agreement would stay in effect until the beginning of the 2011 session ( after the 2010 elections ) .
It is clear that the Democrats have put forward a workable , truly bipartisan solution that would allow the Senate to rise above politics so as to pass important and vital legislation before the close of session .
In addition , it is becoming increasingly clear that the Republican conference got more than it bargained for in Senator Pedro Espada Jr. , whom they attempted to install as Temporary President of the Senate and next - in - line to the governorship .
The Bronx District Attorney has taken up further investigations into the numerous skeletons in Espada 's closet , ranging from a complete and utter failure to comply with the state 's campaign finance laws to allegations that he does not actually live in the district he suppposedly represents .
A CBS story shed further light on his official residence in Mamoroneck just yesterday .
NY State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo is also looking into his misuse of campaign funds .
In light of these events , the tide has been turning .
With their Temporary President a hair 's breath away from criminal charges , will the GOP rank - and - file members continue to support their proposal ?
Democratic Senators are calling upon them to exercise independent judgment and put the people of New York first :
" It is clear that under the control of Pedro Espada , the Senate Republican leadership is not interested in putting partisanship aside and the people first .
They have failed their constituents and their conference by refusing to entertain any proposal that does not give Pedro Espada power to control the Senate and a position one heartbeat away from the Governor ’s office . "
-SENATOR JEFF KLEIN (D )
" New Yorkers have been through enough in the last few years .
They do not need someone with only a passing acquaintance with honesty to be just one heartbeat away from the Governor 's office .
It is simply unacceptable to have such a person in any position with such direct influence over the lives of 19 million New Yorkers .
My conference and I are willing to meet with any senator from the Republican side who is willing to stand up to Pedro Espada , say enough is enough , and agree to a good faith , bi-partisan operating agreement . "
- SENATOR LIZ KRUEGER (D )
Finally , it 's important to note that bipartisan power - sharing agreements have worked in other states and even the U.S. Senate .
The executive summary of the reports posted by the Dems states the following , and includes a helpful chart that synthesizes all of the examples :
" The bottom line is that neither conference is able to convene a quorum and do the people ’s business without the cooperation of the other .
Compromise and agreement is the only path left forward at this point .
Over the past 40 years there have been dozens of examples of legislatures , including the United States Senate , that have developed bipartisan operating agreements to allow the passage of essential legislation and assure stable functioning of floor operations during the deadlock . "
In this time of great turmoil for our state , our nation , and the world , it is time for out political leaders to be rational , reasonable , and focus on what they are elected to do : represent the people .
Now is not the time for political power grabs .
Though a Democratic majority was elected last fall , the Democrats have conceded that in the current situation a bipartisan power - sharing option will best address the vital issues most important to New Yorkers .
It is time for all the New York State Senators to get on board with the Democrats ' proposed bipartisan solution and get back to work .
You know those horror stories agents and editors use as cautionary tales for what to never , ever do around them ?
Like to not hand them an unsolicited manuscript , follow them to public restrooms , or pitch them in the middle of a social event ?
Like , use common sense ?
Okay , well .
I never knew people would actually consider doing any of those things to lit bloggers .
But I ’ll tell you what , this is how I ’m debuting my series of BEA recaps : rude and awkward but funny situations I found myself in at BEA .
First up was at the blogger booth .
Firebrand set up a space for bloggers to sit in scheduled hour - long slots to meet readers or people who were interested .
Think an author signing , but for bloggers .
We had some materials to hand to curious people who passed by and trading cards to use as business cards , etc .
Fun idea , huh ?
Well , my slot was at 11 am on Saturday .
I did n’t get many visitors ( way to feel like a reject , Steph ! ) when a middle - aged man stopped by and asked what bloggers did and how much we charged for our services .
The two other people signing with me , Trish and Molly , were busy chatting with other visitors , so I explained that we do this for free as a hobby , etc …
He perked up .
He pulled a ( very cheap - looking ) book from a suitcase he was carrying and began pitching this true crime novel to me , even after I ’d told him I only do YA .
I ’m not good at telling industry people off in person , and my subtle attempts to get him to leave me alone failed to work , so I was stuck there .
Half an hour the guy was there .
Out of an hour I had to be there .
He took up half my time , and out of my peripheral vision I saw people come up and leave once they saw how engrossed he was in this one - sided conversation I could n’t get out of .
He handed me the book and said , “ You gotta review it . ”
“ My review pile is way too big right now -- ”
“ This will be a bestseller .
Did you miss the part where a feature film is being made for July ? ”
Are movies even made that quickly ?
It sounded off to me .
“ That ’s great !
But I really can ’t--”
“ Take it ! ”
“ Uh…okay . ” I took the book and put it with my stuff .
“ Thanks . ”
“ So you ’ll review it ? ” He was looking at me so expectantly .
“ … Um . ”
“ Hey , Steph , I gotta show you something , ” the event coordinator said .
“ One second , ” she told the guy .
We walked over to the computer and she said , “ You looked like you needed some help there . ”
“ Oh , thank you .
Yeah .
No kidding .
He ’s been here for half an hour and he ’s badgering me . ”
I was really annoyed , more so by the fact I had n’t found the courage to defend myself .
We browsed Twitter for a couple of minutes and I said , “ Okay , I ’m going back .
Thank you . ”
The guy was talking to another coordinator when I went back to my seat , and the coordinator looked just as uncomfortable as I ’m sure I did .
I tapped him on the shoulder .
He turned around and I said , “ Look , I ’m not going to be able to review this as my readership is mainly comprised of teen girls who are n’t your target audience . ”
He looked so immersed in his conversation with the other coordinator that he just nodded , took the book , and went on talking .
I almost said something to him , but the coordinator who saved me looked like she had it under control , so I just left .
Oh my GOD , was that awkward .
It makes you wonder if people have no common sense at all .
Then !
At 12:30 pm I was moderating a YA consumer panel .
We had four teen girls ( five with me , but I was n’t a panelist ) talking about their reading habits and such .
We got a ton of audience questions and when the panel finished , some audience members came up to talk to me .
I got through the first two people okay and then as I was talking to the third , this guy came up to me .
Another guy , mind .
Lightning does n’t strike the same place twice .
He poked me .
I politely motioned for him to wait a bit as I was in the middle of a conversation with another person .
He tapped his foot , the classic image of an impatient prima donna , and it took my all not to roll my eyes .
A couple of minutes went by , and I was still talking to the other person .
Instead of waiting , he grabbed my shirt and turned me to face him and handed me a couple of children ’s books .
“ Read these , okay ? ”
“ I ’m sorry but --” As you can see , I was getting a little bolder .
No Uhh …s this time .
“ Read them , okay ? ”
He looked anxious to leave , so I figured if I said okay he ’d go .
“ Sure ! ”
He grabbed my wrist and pulled the books from my hand .
I was getting a bit creeped out , but since I was n’t alone in the room , I said nothing .
He pointed at the title and said , “ If you type that into the Internet , you ’ll see the website .
You ’ll read them , right ? ”
I pulled my hand back , gave him a wan smile and did like a thumbs up thing .
He left .
I apologized and continued my conversation with the other person -- who looked about as irked as I was when the guy finally left -- and when I was all done talking to the awesome people who stayed after the panel to chat , I threw the books in my bag and left for the book blogger panel .
Long story short :
When I left New York on Monday , those two books remained in the hotel room .
My bags were heavy enough as it is .
Here ’s to hoping the hotel housekeeper has a kid who’d be interested .
All I ’m saying is :
That ’s not the way to pitch bloggers .
Or anyone .
I never thought I ’d have this problem -- I mean , I ’m a book blogger .
What published author would have the audacity to impose themselves on a person like that ?
It ’s one thing to casually come up to someone and say , “ Hi , I ’m ___ and my book , ____ , published by ____ , might appeal to you . ”
But … the above ?
Ick .
I guess all ’s fair in marketing and BEA ?
L'erreur de Descartes
La raison des émotions
Antonio R. Damasio
Ce livre relève un pari audacieux : contribuer à comprendre les bases biologiques de ce que certains appellent l'âme .
Il y réussit fort bien , en montrant que les émotions ont des liens précis avec le fonctionnement du corps , et qu'elles sont nécessaires au jugement , contrairement à une idée reçue voulant que les décisions dénuées d'émotion soient les meilleures .
Pour plus de détails , voir la note de lecture .
Public opinion
Walter Lippmann
Si l'idée de lire un livre sérieux en anglais vous rebute , accordez tout de même un regard à cette note de lecture avant d'ignorer cet excellent livre .
Vous ne le regretterez pas .
Les OGM , l'environnement et la santé
Marcel Kuntz
Petit mais costaud , ce livre est une excellente mise à plat des questions autour des si médiatisés OGM , avec de vraies discussions sur les problèmes réels qu'ils peuvent poser , comme l'apparition de résistances chez les insectes visés par les toxines Bt. Ainsi , il décrit sans passion ce problème de résistance et indique les stratégies utilisées actuellement pour y remédier , comme l'utilisation de zones refuges , où les insectes non résistants peuvent se développer pour aller ensuite s'accoupler avec les insectes résistants et ainsi abaisser les défenses que ces derniers ont acquis par sélection naturelle en redonnant à leur descendance commune les " anciens " gènes qui ne protégeaient pas des toxines .
La précision des sources et la clarté de l'exposé ne pourront que rafraîchir tous ceux qui souhaitent se renseigner objectivement sur la question , sans se laisser séduire par un alarmisme militant se basant ( beaucoup ) plus sur l'émotion que sur les faits .
Enfin , il rappelle utilement qu'un risque s'évalue en tenant compte aussi bien du danger que de l'exposition à ce danger , et que , par exemple , un produit qui est toxique à une dose X peut être utilisé sans problème à des doses bien plus faibles .
Dois - je me faire tester pour le cancer ?
Peut - être pas et voici pourquoi
Gilbert Welch
Ce livre au titre si provocateur est un plaidoyer pour une bonne gestion des risques , remettant en question un des piliers de l'opinion publique sur la santé : il faut dépister tout ce qui est dépistable .
Quel intérêt y a -t - il à dépister une maladie incurable ou un mal qui serait passé inaperçu jusqu'à la mort du patient , due à une autre cause ?
L'auteur nous répond sans détour : à rien , si ce n'est à ajouter du stress et à compliquer la vie du patient en lui faisant passer de nombreux examens pouvant avoir des effets secondaires non négligeables .
En s'attaquant au cas du cancer , ce livre relève brillamment le défi d'aborder calmement et objectivement un sujet qui fâche et qui fait peur , en montrant preuves à l'appui , que le dépistage n'est pas toujours bénéfique .
Plus encore , il montre que les phénomènes de cancer sont tout à fait banals et se produisent dans tout organisme , de sorte que , si l'on veut trouver un cancer , on pourra toujours en trouver un , même s'il ne s'agit que d'un phénomène insignifiant qui serait passé totalement inaperçu , sans conséquence pour son porteur , sans une volonté acharnée de vouloir analyser à tout prix .
Rumeurs
Le plus vieux média du monde
Jean - Noël Kapferer
Ce très bon livre est une analyse en profondeur des rumeurs , allant du pourquoi de leur naissance aux façons de les contrer , en passant par les raisons qui poussent les gens à les colporter .
Voir la note de lecture .
Légendes urbaines
Rumeurs d'aujourd ' hui
Véronique Campion - Vincent & Jean - Bruno Renard
Ce livre est une collection de légendes urbaines assorties d'analyses et de commentaires .
Ça se lit bien , mais pour une analyse plus complète , se reporter au livre de Jean - Noël Kapferer .
Voir la note de lecture .
Les décision absurdes
Christian Morel
Si vous voulez savoir ce qui peut pousser des groupes de gens intelligents à persister dans des erreurs flagrantes , ce livre est fait pour vous .
Il étudie plusieurs cas d'erreurs absurdes et se propose de les expliquer sous divers angles d'analyse .
On y apprend beaucoup de choses , malgré quelques petites imperfections .
Voir la note de lecture .
La santé est dans votre assiette Même pas vrai !
Annie Hubert
Vous vous sentez vaguement coupable de ne prendre qu'un café comme petit déjeuner ?
Vous refusez la mort dans l'âme une part du gâteau d'anniversaire du petit parce que le nutritionniste a dit que c'était mal ?
Ce livre est fait pour vous .
120 pages d'un délicieux bon sens qui font le point sur l'alimentation et les phobies de santé qui s'y rattachent , rédigées par une anthropologue qui rappelle pêle - mêle que les aliments recommandés et bannis ont changé régulièrement au cours des siècles , que beaucoup de peuples n'ont pas le rythme de 3 repas par jour et ne s'en portent pas plus mal , et qu'à force de se focaliser sur le contenu de l'assiette , on en finirait par oublier l'aspect social de la table qui distingue l'acte de manger d'un austère acte biologique de survie .
La formation de l'esprit scientifique
Gaston Bachelard
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 501 BAC Bibliothèque de Lettres et Sciences humaines , cote 501 BAC La méthodologie scientifique moderne , telle que présentée dans le cours de zététique , n'est pas apparue miraculeusement .
Chacun de ses aspects a mis du temps à s'imposer , et ce n'est que récemment que la pratique scientifique a acquis ces traits .
Ce livre retrace l'histoire de l'émergence de cet esprit scientifique , en examinant en détails divers obstacles qui ont longtemps empêché l'accès à la connaissance véritable .
Pour plus de détails , voir cette note de lecture .
100 petites expérience en psychologie du consommateur pour mieux comprendre comment on vous influence
Nicolas Guéguen
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 GUE
Ce livre est un recueil d'expériences portant sur toutes sortes de techniques de manipulation du consommateur , depuis le choix de la musique dans un magasin ou l'attitude d'un serveur , jusqu 'aux subtilités des choix de couleurs pour les emballages en fonction des produits .
Comme celui de Cialdini ( voir plus bas ) , ce livre provoque une irrésistible envie d'aller espionner les vendeurs en faisant ses courses pour repérer tous les trucs qu'ils aiment mettre en œuvre .
150 petites expérience de psychologie pour mieux comprendre nos semblables
Serge Ciccotti
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 CIC
Ce livre est dans la même veine que le précédent , mais il aborde des thèmes plus larges , comme l'illusion de contrôle , le mensonge et la présentation de soi , les préjugés , l'influence minoritaire , etc .
Facile à lire , une très bonne introduction pour ceux pour qui psychologue rimerait avec thérapeuthe austère dans un asile .
Comment tirer profit de ses ennemis
Plutarque
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 PUL
Ce petit livre contient deux essais , l'un correspondant au titre du recueil , l'autre intitulé Sur la manière de distinguer le flatteur d'avec l'ami .
Ces deux textes correspondent parfaitement à leurs titres , sont fort instructifs , et constituent un très bon complément à d'autres ouvrages sur les manipulateurs .
En plus , ça fait toujours très chic de pouvoir dire qu'on a lu Plutarque .
Les influences inconscientes
Ahmed Channouf
Bibliothèque Économie - Gestion - Sociologie , cote 302 CHA
Des recherches en psychologie ont montré que de nombreux facteurs pouvaient nous influencer à notre insu , comme les célèbres images subliminales ( voir livre suivant ) .
Ce livre effectue une sorte de tour d'horizon de ces moyens d'influence , en conciliant adroitement précision scientifique et accessibilité au grand public .
Les images subliminales
Ahmed Channouf
Cet ouvrage fait le point sur les fameuses images subliminales , en balayant les idées reçues pour mieux rétablir les faits validés expérimentalement .
Exemple : non , on ne peut pas vous faire acheter le soda X contre votre gré , mais on peut en revanche faciliter le déclenchement du réflexe de consommation si vous êtes déjà un habitué .
Ce livre présente également d'autres formes d'images subliminales non visuelles , comme la perception inconsciente d'une infime différence de poids entre 2 objets d'apparence identique .
Les illusions de la psychanalyse
Jacques Van Rillaer
Formé comme psychanalyste , Van Rillaer a progressivement ouvert les yeux sur l'absence de fondements scientifiques solides et les mille autres petites choses bizarres qui entourent cette pratique qui n'est pas reconnue par un diplôme de médecine d'état , et qu'on ne peut enseigner qu'après avoir été littéralement initié par un autre psychanalyste .
Aujourd ' hui professeur de psychologie spécialisé dans les thérapies cognitives et comportementales , il nous raconte dans ce livre extrêmement documenté le parcours intellectuel qui l'a amené à renier la psychanalyse .
Précis , complet et un peu amer par moment , ce livre intéressera toute personne voulant se faire une idée honnête sur la validité de cette discipline auprès de quelqu 'un l'ayant connue de l'intérieur .
Le livre noir de la psychanalyse : vivre , penser et aller mieux sans Freud
Ouvrage collectif dirigé par Catherine Meyer
À l'heure où la France est l'un des derniers pays du monde à accorder une très large place à la psychanalyse , notamment dans les médias , ce livre remet les pendules à l'heure en combinant plusieurs aspects : examen de sa validité scientifique , présentation de plusieurs autres formes de thérapies ayant prouvé expérimentalement leur efficacité et largement adoptées dans la plupart des pays , témoignages de patients ayant profondément souffert des conséquences de délires tels que " si votre enfant est autiste , c'est que vous ne l'avez pas assez aimé " .
Les nouveaux psys : ce que l'on sait aujourd ' hui de l'esprit humain
Ouvrage collectif dirigé par Catherine Meyer
Parce que le terme " psy " est très ambigu , et que le cas de la psychanalyse a été déjà traité dans " le livre noir " , cet ouvrage présente un tour d'horizon de tout ce qui se fait en psychologie aujourd ' hui , à travers une quarantaine de personnalités marquantes .
Les domaines couverts vont de la compréhension des mécanismes neurologiques aux thérapies modernes , en passant par des théories sur la personnalité , la mémoire , les émotions , le rêve , etc .
Chaque section consacrée à un auteur est constituée d'un résumé de son œuvre et d'un entretien .
Malgré une ou deux contributions décevantes , l'ensemble est très instructif , avec un coup de coeur personnel pour les travaux de Tetlock , Damasio et Rosenthal .
Le mystère du placebo
Patrick Lemoine
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153 LEM Écrit par un médecin , ce livre est un dossier complet sur le phénomène placebo , qui tord le cou à bon nombre d'idées reçues , et explique avec humilité combien il peut être difficile pour un médecin de s'en remettre dans bien des cas à des prescriptions magiques pour des effets bien réels qui ne doivent rien à la compétence de la médecine moderne .
On trouve également une intéressante discussion sur l'utilisation des placebos dans l'évaluation des médicaments supposés actifs .
L'homéopathie
Jean - Jacques Aulas et al
Véritable encyclopédie sur l'homéopathie , ce livre passe en revue tous les travaux qui étaient disponibles au moment de sa parution en 1985 , afin de donner l'idée la plus complète possible du fonctionnement et de la validité de cette pratique .
Trop riche et documenté pour être facile à lire , cet ouvrage a plutôt vocation à servir de dictionnaire de référence sur le sujet .
La mémoire
Elizabeth Loftus
Loftus est une psychologue spécialiste de la mémoire , qui présente ici un panorama très abordable de ses travaux .
Parmi les thèmes abordés , elle s'attache en particulier à la notion de faux souvenir et aux conséquences que cela peut entraîner dans le domaine des témoignages judiciaires .
Toute la vérité sur l'hypnose
Jean de Mutigny
Phénomène entouré de mystère , l'hypnose laisse peu de gens indifférents .
Ce livre porte un regard critique sur la question , en faisant clairement la part des choses entre les mystifications de foire et les réalités physiques parfois utilisées médicalement .
La conclusion est sans appel : on ne peut pas faire faire quelque chose d'inacceptable à quelqu'un contre son gré .
Les prêcheurs de l'apocalypse
Jean de Kervasdoué
Voir cette note de lecture sur cet excellent livre .
Freakonomics
Steven D. Levitt et Stephen J. Dubner
Un exemple de démarche zététique appliquée à des sujets étonnants par un économiste atypique et curieux .
On y trouvera des études statistiques sur le lien entre la légalisation de l'avortement et la baisse de la criminalité aux États - Unis , sur les fortes présomptions de fraude qui se dégagent de l'analyse des performances des sumotoris , ainsi que d'autres réflexions comme celle sur l'honnêté , basée sur le cas d'un vendeur de bagels ayant fait fortune en misant sur l'intégrité de ses congénères .
Méfiez - vous des statistiques
Nicolas Gauvrit
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 GAU
Un livre très accessible aux non-matheux qui décortique plusieurs grands pièges statistiques destinés à induire en erreur un lecteur peu ou pas attentif .
Petit cours d'auto - défense intellectuelle
Normand Baillargeon
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 BAI
Ce livre est une sorte de guide de survie à l'usage du sceptique débutant .
Il passe en revue un très grand nombre de points et ne manque pas d'humour .
À noter que la fin de l'ouvrage adopte un ton très libertaire affiché et assumé par l'auteur .
Crimes contre la logique
Jamie Whyte
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 WHY
Un ouvrage qui passe en revue une dizaine de procédés rhétoriques utilisés pour convaincre sans arguments solides .
Bonne introduction , mais à compléter avec d'autres livres .
Devenez sorciers , devenez savants
Georges Charpak et Henri Broch
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 CHA
Un livre très grand public qui analyse divers " mystères " pour montrer comment , avec un peu d'esprit critique et de bon sens , on peut comprendre et reproduire des " miracles " qui ne relèvent bien souvent que d'astuces enfantines .
Une excellente introduction à l'esprit critique .
Gourous , sorciers et savants
Henri Broch
Ce livre est une suite au précédent , toujours accessible au plus large public , qui montre de nouveaux effets et décrypte d'autres phénomènes .
Le paranormal
Henri Broch
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 BRO
Ce livre regroupe plusieurs études sur des cas célèbres de paranormal et de fantastique .
Il met en évidence la prudence dont il faut faire preuve lorsque l'on examine des " preuves " et lorsque l'on fait confiance à des " experts " ou à des " expériences sérieuses " .
Il se termine par un passage en revue de principes critiques à méditer .
Au cœur de l'extra - ordinaire
Henri Broch
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 133 BRO
Une encyclopédie qui décortique toutes sortes de phénomènes répartis en quelques grandes catégories : astrologie , archéologie fantastique , médecines magiques , parapsychologie et surnaturel .
Très complet et très documenté .
Logique , informatique et paradoxes
Jean - Paul Delahaye
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 DEL
Très bon ouvrage de vulgarisation qui met à portée de tous plusieurs notions mathématiques non triviales .
On y trouvera notamment de très belles présentations des notions de désordre et de complexité ainsi que des explications sur les surprenantes méthodes de votes inconscients pondérés .
La magie des paradoxes
Martin Gardner
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 GAR
Ce livre fait l'inventaire d'une multitude de paradoxes ayant pour origine la logique , les statistiques ou encore le temps .
Conçu comme une bande dessinée assortie de commentaires , il vous initiera tout en douceur à quelques monstres mathématiques comme les métalangages , les fractales et les alephs de Cantor .
L'art d'avoir toujours raison
Arthur Schopenhauer
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 171.2 SCH
Bibliothèque de Lettres et Sciences humaines , cote 171.2 SCH
Clair et direct , ce livre explique en moins de 80 pages tous les secrets d'un débat rondement mené , et ce , sans que le fait d'avoir raison ou tort ait la moindre influence .
Un must à relire avec profit avant tout débat télévisé .
L'archéologie devant l'imposture
Jean - Pierre Adam
Ce livre examine plusieurs impostures archéologiques et montre par quels procédés rigoureux on peut rétablir les faits .
Une importante partie de l'ouvrage est consacré aux descriptions minutieuses de faits avérés ainsi qu'à la présentation de diverses hypothèses , notamment en ce qui concerne les méthodes de construction antiques , montrant ainsi que l'histoire est suffisamment passionnante pour qu'il ne soit pas nécessaire de s'en remettre au surnaturel .
Le passé recomposé
Jean - Pierre Adam
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 930.1 ADA
Bibliothèque de Lettres et Sciences humaines , cote 930.1 ADA
Ce livre est en majeure partie une reprise directe du précédent , mais augmentée de quelques nouveaux éléments comme la si sympathique guérite cosmique .
Comment on devient sorcier
Jean - Eugène Robert - Houdin
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 133.43 ROB
Les mémoires du célèbre illusionniste , père des spectacles modernes tranchant avec la magie de foire qui se pratiquait jusque là .
De très intéressantes réflexions sur l'emploi de technologies nouvelles comme l'électricité , qui montrent comment le progrès peut être utilisé pour exploiter une crédulité universelle qui ne fait que changer de thèmes au fil des âges .
Petit traité de manipulation à l'usage des honnêtes gens
Robert - Vincent Joule et Jean - Léon Beauvois
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 158.2 JOU
Bibliothèque Économie - Gestion - Sociologie , cote 158.2 JOU
Une introduction aussi amusante que sérieuse aux techniques de manipulation , à travers les aventures de la pauvre Madame O. dans laquelle chacun se reconnaîtra .
La soumission librement consentie
Robert - Vincent Joule et Jean - Léon Beauvois
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 158.2 JOU
Bibliothèque Économie - Gestion - Sociologie , cote 158.2 JOU
Ce livre est un prolongement du précédent , dans lequel les auteurs décrivent une série d'applications pratiques des techniques de manipulation , comme par exemple , comment amener des employés à mieux respecter les consignes de sécurité .
Influence et manipulation
Robert Cialdini
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 158.2 CIA
Ceci est LE livre sur les manipulations .
Écrit par un psychologue ayant infiltré des spécialistes de la vente , il décrit avec un humour décapant les armes principales des manipulateurs .
Après l'avoir lu , vous brûlerez d'envie d'aller faire les magasins , rien que pour taquiner les vendeurs .
Tous manipulés , tous manipulateurs
Jean - Marie Abgrall
Bien que dépourvu de l'humour des précédents , cet ouvrage est très agréable à lire , car il apporte le regard du psychiatre sur les manipulations .
Sont ainsi évoqués les phénomènes de conditionnement , de suggestion , de tyrannie familiale , de manipulation en entreprise , de publicité , de propagande électorale et de révisionnisme .
Propaganda : comment manipuler l'opinion en démocratie
Edward Bernays
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 303.375 BER
Avec un cynisme dérangeant , l'auteur explique les recettes qu'il a utilisées pour créer avec le succès qu'on sait le métier de conseiller en relations publiques .
On voit ainsi comment les techniques de manipulation peuvent être mises en œuvre à l'échelle d'un pays pour , par exemple , supprimer le tabou du tabac pour les femmes américaines , dans le cadre d'un contrat pour l'American Tobacco Company en 1929 .
La mécanique des sectes
Jean - Marie Abgrall
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 158.2 ABG
Un livre important qui décortique soigneusement toutes les étapes de la capture des adeptes par les sectes .
Après un tour d'horizon des différents types de sectes , l'auteur détaille les techniques utilisées pour séduire , persuader , fasciner , recruter et asservir leurs victimes .
Seul petit défaut , une légère tendance à interpréter un peu trop psychanalytiquement les motivations des gourous et des adeptes .
Les nouvelles sectes
Alain Woodrow
L'avis documenté d'un chroniqueur religieux sur la question des sectes .
Après avoir longuement déploré les faiblesses des églises et la place qu'elles laissent aux sectes , l'auteur se penche en détails sur les cas de plusieurs sectes ( Moon , scientologie , conscience de Krishna , enfants de Dieu , témoins de Jéhovah , mormons ) .
Histoire mondiale des sciences
Colin Ronan
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 509 RON
Ce livre retrace l'histoire des grandes découvertes scientifiques , depuis la mesure du diamètre de la Terre par Ératosthène jusqu'à la découverte de la structure en hélice de l'ADN .
Une bonne dose de culture générale à lire en vacances .
Dialogue sur les deux grands systèmes du monde
Galileo Galilei
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 520.9 GAL
Ce livre est celui qui valut à Galilée son célèbre procès .
Pourtant , il avait pris quelques précautions en présentant ses idées sous la forme d'un dialogue entre trois gentilhommes : Salviati ( défendant ses idées ) , Simplicio ( l'aristotélicien ) et le candide Sagredo .
Avec un humour très fin , Galilée prend plaisir à amener ses adversaires au bout de raisonnements implacables étayant sa vision du monde .
Ne surtout pas se laisser rebuter par la taille , c'est un authentique chef - d'œuvre .
Le roman du Big Bang
Simon Singh
Comme tous les livres de Simon Singh , celui- ci est aussi passionnant que très documenté .
Il retrace toute l'histoire de l'astronomie et de la cosmologie , depuis les modèles géocentriques de l'antiquité , jusqu 'au modèle expansionniste de l'univers connu sous le nom de Big Bang .
On y découvre les étapes successives ayant mené à ce modèle , avec leurs lots d'hypothèses , de confirmations , d'infirmations et luttes de pouvoirs entre chercheurs .
Le suspense ne manque pas , et le livre ne vole pas son nom : ça se lit comme un roman .
Impostures intellectuelles
Alan Sokal et Jean Bricmont
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 501 SOK Faisant suite au célèbre canular de Sokal , consistant à faire publier un texte bourré d'inepties dans une revue sérieuse de sociologie , ce livre propose une analyse du phénomène en débusquant un certain nombre d'abus .
On y trouvera des analyses de textes dûs à des grands noms tel que Lacan , montrant que si le discours est très obscur , utilisant des termes et concepts hautement techniques comme l'hypothèse du continu , c'est bien souvent parce qu'il n'y a rien à comprendre , une fois le rideau de fumée dissipé .
Prodiges et vertiges de l'analogie
Jacques Bouveresse
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 BOU
Dans la même veine que Sokal et Bricmont , Bouveresse démonte les abus du " littérarisme " , consistant à emprunter des termes savants à d'autres domaines ( en particulier les mathématiques ) au nom de l'analogie .
Ce livre rappelle avec force qu'analogies et métaphores sont censées éclaircir le propos et non le rendre incompréhensible .
Opération Lune ( DVD )
William Karel
Ceci est un faux documentaire montrant comment on peut faire gober n'importe quoi , pour peu qu'on y mette les formes .
Basée sur un mélange d'images d'archive et d'extraits de vraies interviews ( notamment de Donald Rumsfeld ) , cette " enquête " met en évidence la fragilité de l'information et l'absolue nécessité de toujours conserver son esprit critique .
L'imposture scientifique en dix leçons
Michel de Pracontal
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 501 PRA
Mêmes les scientifiques peuvent faire et écrire des bêtises , de façon volontaire ou non .
Ce livre détaille les quelques grands principes qui permettent de faire passer pour sérieuses les plus grandes absurdités , par exemple , en réécrivant l'histoire à son avantage ou en s'inventant les données dont on a besoin .
La souris truquée
William Broad et Nicholas Wade
Bibliothèque Guy Auliac , cote 153.43 BRO
Cet ouvrage est une enquête sur la fraude scientifique .
Elle met en évidence le fait que les mécanismes d'auto - régulation de la science ( contrôle des pairs , reproductibilité des résultats , etc ) ne fonctionnent pas aussi bien qu'ils le devraient .
Preuves à l'appui , ce travail montre que les fraudes scientifiques ne sont probablement pas des cas pathologiques dûs à des individus égarés , mais bien plutôt la conséquence logique du mode de fonctionnement actuel de la recherche , en particulier la course aux publications .
Ce livre est un garde - fou , indispensable complément au cours de zététique .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The much - loved Radio 4 comedy I 'm Sorry I Have n't a Clue is returning to the airwaves after the death of its chairman Humphrey Lyttelton last year .
Graham Satchell went to a recording of the show in Newcastle , with Rob Brydon putting in an appearance as guest chairman .
10 Things Not To Do When You Are A Car Passenger
The Man Who Murdered Count Folke Bernadotte
Israel 's Terrorists
BRIAN CLOUGHLEY
London ’s Daily Telegraph has become a weird newspaper , owned by twin brothers who are creepy characters and whose purchase of the publication caused many a shudder .
The paper has become a dismal tabloid caricature of its formerly dignified self .
Its emphasis is now on parochial " celebrity " rubbish , although it must be said that its recent exposure of the greed and chicanery of grubby little British politicians has been a public service of considerable note , even if it was parochial and celeb - intensive .
But there is one redeeming feature of the modern - vulgar Telegraph , and that is its Obituary page .
Descriptions of the recently departed are written in a style that can be described only as sublime .
The doings and undoings of countless captivating characters are retailed in amusing and often spicy detail , with élan , elegance and flair for a telling phrase .
So each morning , while reading the world newspapers on the internet , one of the things I look at is the DT Obits .
I ’ve known quite a few of the people whose lives have been described in its columns ( depressingly more , as time goes by ) , and to see their achievements placed on record in such an stylish manner is delightful .
Until last week .
On May 21 the Daily Telegraph published the obituary of a man – no , not a man : a repulsive gobbet of contaminated carrion – called Yehoshua Zettler .
It was well - written , of course ; but it was the subject matter that caused nausea .
The obit recounted that
" Yehoshua Zettler , who died on May 20 aged 91 , was the former commander in Jerusalem of the Fighters for the Freedom of Israel , or Lehi ( known to the British as the Stern Gang ) ; it was he who planned and supervised the assassination of the United Nations mediator Count Folke Bernadotte on September 17 , 1948 .
Bernadotte , a member of the Swedish royal family , was sent to the Middle East by the UN to mediate between Israelis and Arabs over the future of Palestine . "
The UN ’s representative was a fine person ( like almost all UN envoys ) who wanted to do his best for all mankind .
So the Zionists killed him .
Zettler was a fanatic , a base murderer , an unrepentant assassin , who after his disgusting crime lived peacefully and prosperously in Israel , respected and admired by Israelis and his many supporters in America .
He was one of the new era ’s first and most successful terrorists .
Indeed , he promoted modern - day terrorism and was honoured for his murders .
What an achievement .
And what a commentary on the Zionists who spawned , endorsed and praised his odious bestiality .
The murderous Zettler was regarded as a Freedom Fighter .
As Time Magazine might have said in quaint yet moderately stylish negative about people , " No terrorist he . "
The obituary recorded that " Zettler never regretted his part in the murder [ and said ]
" When we demonstrated in front of [ Bernadotte ] and told him ' Go away from our Jerusalem , go back to Stockholm ’ , he did not respond .
So we had no choice " . "
Zettler had " no choice " but to murder a good and gracious man .
What a nauseating savage .
And what a wonderful example to the Taliban , Hamas , and all the other lunatic extremists on the other side of the wall .
Then Zettler joined in a massacre at the village of Deir Yassin , just outside Jerusalem .
This atrocity , in which over 100 unarmed Arabs were murdered by members of Zettler ’s Stern Gang and the Irgun Gang , led by Menachem Begin ( who later became prime minister of Israel ) , has never received the condemnation that would have applied if Arabs had gone on a similar killing binge .
One Israeli witness stated that " [ The attackers chose ] to kill anybody they found alive as though every living thing in the village was the enemy and they could only think ' kill them all .’ . . .
It was a lovely spring day , the almond trees were in bloom , the flowers were out and everywhere there was the stench of the dead , the thick smell of blood , and the terrible odour of the corpses burning in the quarry . "
And one of the killers , Ben Zion - Cohen of the Irgun gang , said simply that " We eliminated every Arab that came our way . "
This is called ' freedom fighting ’ when practised by Israel .
The vileness of Zettler ’s massacre in Deir Yassin is only too similar to the acts of terror committed during Israel ’s invasion and destruction of Gaza five months ago .
In their shattering onslaught the gallant soldiers and jet - jockeys of the Israeli Defence Force killed 313 Palestinian children .
What splendidly courageous chaps , to be sure .
I wonder how many decorations they picked up for kid-killing .
Perhaps they got a bonus when the dead kids were in UN - run schools .
To take one example , Israeli artillery shelled " the UN Beit Lahiya elementary school , where nearly 2,000 Palestinians were sheltering from the fighting .
Two children , aged five and seven , were killed inside a classroom . . . "
Then there was 18 month old Farah al - Helu .
" The al - Helu family had been told to evacuate their house in Zaytoun , eastern Gaza , but while they were attempting to flee , Israeli soldiers opened fire on them .
Farah was shot in the stomach and bled to death two hours later . "
Wow .
Give that brave marksman a medal .
The UN ’s full report on the atrocities in Gaza will never be made public .
In any event the investigation was confined to investigating death and destruction at UN facilities and not the spectrum of kid-killing .
( The Israelis attacked ambulances and destroyed food and medical supplies in acts that anywhere in the world but Palestine would be regarded as war crimes . )
But Washington made sure that the UN Secretary General would not allow any criticism of Israel ’s murderers .
Mr Ban Ki-moon is a very pleasant man , but his two predecessors would never have permitted this sort of blatant and morally disgusting cover up .
Which , of course , is why Mr Ban was selected .
But it all goes to show that Israel has n’t changed in sixty years .
The psychotic Netanyahu , its new prime minister , has said he will continue to build illegal settlements , thus treating UN resolutions with the contempt for which he is well known .
And the US will continue to support him , nuclear bombs and all .
Sixty years ago Israelis began as terrorists in Palestine , whose lands they brutally grabbed from their immemorial inhabitants , shooting dead as many Arabs as possible in their criminal killing sprees .
And they continue as terrorists in their actions in oppressing the Palestinian people .
The murderer Yehoshua Zettler is dead , and perhaps his soul is rotting in hell ; but , by God , his evil example is still very much with us .
Brian Cloughley 's book about the Pakistan army , War , Coups and Terror , is to be published in the US by Skyhorse next month .
His website is www.beecluff.com.
Earlier this year , List Universe published a fine list of 10 great post - apocalyptic novels .
The list below is along the same vein , but examines ONLY works published between 1805 and the start of the nuclear age in 1945 .
Quite possibly only three or four of these works will be familiar to anyone who is not an aficionado of this wide - ranging genre , though people may recognize many of the authors .
Apocalyptic and post - apocalyptic literature involves any of the following : alien invasions , pandemics , severe natural disasters , the fall of civilization , the end of the world ( “ dying earth ” ) and massive wars .
Most of the following works were influential to some degree , whether they influenced other authors or the wider genre in general .
Most of these works can be found in most public libraries and at online literature sites such as Project Gutenberg .
PLEASE NOTE : This list goes in chronological order .
Also , my cutoff date is technically July 1945 , when the nuclear age began ; therefore , novels such as 1949 ’s Earth Abides do n’t belong on a pre-nuclear age list .
So , please check publication dates before you say , “ What about X , Y and Z ? ”
1 Le Dernier Homme ( The Last Man ) Jean - Baptiste Cousin de Grainville , 1805
The Earth of the far future is dying , and men are sterile .
The last few men are found in Brazil , where one of their number attempts a horrific experiment .
Grainville ’s novel is generally considered the first work of fiction in the “ last man on earth ” genre .
2 The Last Man Mary Shelley , 1826
Despite a similar title to Grainville ’s novel and a similar “ last man ” theme , Shelley ’s The Last Man is quite different .
She tells the tale of the last man to survive a plague in the late 21st century .
Shelley based many of the characters on her contemporaries who had passed away ; her protagonist , Lionel , is supposedly Shelley ’s autobiographical image of herself .
Critics verbally demolished the 3 - volume novel when first published and it did n’t see daylight again until the 1960s .
Nowadays The Last man is considered a true classic of the genre .
3 After London Richard Jeffries , 1885
In After London , or , Wild England , an unstated cataclysm kills most people in England .
In the first part , a historian looks back on the fall of civilization .
The descriptions of things returning to nature are echoed in 1949 ’s “ Earth Abides ” by George Stewart , the current competing History Channel and National Geographic Channel programs “ Life After People ” ( HC ) and “ Aftermath : Population Zero ” ( NGC ) , and Alan Weisman ’s intriguing speculative work , The World Without Us .
In the less popular part 2 , Jeffries explores the return of feudalism in England .
4 Caesar ’s Column Ignatius Donnelly , 1890
This intriguing , politically motivated novel is classified many ways ; it is sometimes considered apocalyptic because of the massive destruction in one scene .
Donnelley was an agrarian populist , and his novel is a utopian / dystopian critique of the then - modern world .
His farmer hero travels to New York and beholds many wonders , such as broadcast newspapers , illumination powered by the Northern Lights ( figure that one out ) , transparent sidewalks , airships , etc .
But the city of wonders hides dark secrets of massive oppression .
5 The Time Machine H.G. Wells , 1895
No “ best - of … ” science fiction list can fail to include at least one work by H.G. Wells , one of the most critical authors in Western civilization .
Wells makes his first appearance on this list with The Time Machine .
The tale is long - since familiar : A man in Victorian London builds a time machine and travels hundreds of thousands of years into the future , where he meets up with both the docile and the savage descendants of humanity .
The Time Machine was twice translated to the big screen .
( Because of its various components , The Time Machine fits into the genres of general sci- fi , time travel , apocalyptic and dying earth . )
6 War of the Worlds H.G. Wells , 1898
People will most likely be more familiar with this seminal work than any other .
Indeed , rare is the list of “ great works ” of apocalyptic literature ( or alien attack or great sci- fi in general ) that fails to mention this fantastic tale of alien invasion .
It ’s been retold on radio ( which caused a panic in 1938 ) , on the big screen and TV , and in numerous books .
It ’s been re-imagined in even more books and influenced such movies as Independence Day ( which is really just a fancy retelling of War of the Worlds ) .
7 The Machine Stops E.M. Forster , 1909
A highly praised novella ( a type that ’s longer than a short story but shorter than a novel ) , The Machine Stops should seem familiar to latter - day readers .
Echoes of this gem can be found in The Matrix , the Internet , video - conferencing and more .
Forster wrote about a post - apocalyptic humanity that lives underground and is fully connected to The Machine for all their needs .
Unlike The Matrix , humans are fully aware of their situation and can freely leave , but are discouraged because of the toxic conditions on the surface .
The Machine eventually becomes an object of worship .
It ’s a nice , early entry in the man -vs . - machine concept .
8 The Night Land William Hope Hodgeson , 1912
This horror fantasy novel is one of the first of the “ dying earth ” subgenre .
Millions of years in the future , the sun has done dark and the descendants of humanity ( “ abhumans ” ) struggle to survive in massive pyramid redoubts against both the darkness and powers on the outside .
The only natural light comes from Earth ’s remaining volcanism .
H.P Lovecraft described the novel as “ one of the potent pieces of macabre imagination ever written . ”
9 The Scarlet Plague Jack London , 1912
Jack London was famous for his novels of the great north ( The Call of the Wild , etc. ) .
He also wrote this apocalyptic tale , which takes places in 2072 , 60 years after the “ scarlet plague ” killed most everyone on earth .
One of the survivors realizes that he needs to pass on humanity ’s knowledge or it will be lost forever .
Interesting note :
Six years after London published his novel , a terrible plague did in fact grip the world .
The Spanish flu killed at least 50 million people in 1918 - 1920 ( some sources say as high as 100 million people , which would make the death toll more than both world wars combined ) .
10 R.U.R. ( Rossum ’s Universal Robots ) Karel ?apek , 1921
This Czech play is famous for having introduced the world to the term “ robots . ”
With a plot that would ring familiar to any Terminator or Battlestar Galactica fan , R.U.R. features robots who were initially created to serve humans but who rebel and destroy humanity instead .
Fun fact : A 1938 BBC production of R.U.R. is credited with being the first - ever science fiction television program .
11 Last and First Men Olaf Stapledon , 1930
Our humanity ( homo sapiens ) is the first and most primitive of 19 subsequent human species on earth in Stapledon ’s massive work .
Many civilizations rise and fall throughout the 2 billion - year scope of the novel .
Stapledon anticipated such things as genetic manipulation and nuclear holocaust in Last and First Men .
He deeply influenced the works of many people , including C.S. Lewis , Brian Aldiss and Arthur C. Clark .
12 The Shape of Things to Come H.G. Wells , 1933
Wells ’ final entry on my list pretty much accurately foretold the aerial destruction of cities in the next world war , and the eventual development of ballistic missiles launched from subs .
Wells was mainly concerned with pushing his utopia of a secular , one - world government where science reigns supreme and dissenters are given the chance to kill themselves a la Socrates .
Sci -fi aficionados might be more familiar with the 1933 movie version starring Raymond Massey , which diverts from the novel considerably ( if not thematically ) ;
Wells himself wrote the screenplay .
13 When Worlds Collide Edwin Balmer and Philip Wylie , 1933
This intriguing tale and its sequel , After Worlds Collide ( 1934 ) , had tremendous influence on sci- fi and fantasy .
Echoes of When Worlds Collide can be seen in the comic strips Flash Gordon ( started in 1934 ) and Superman ( who first flew in 1938 ) .
Although the science in these two apocalyptic tales is sketchy , they ’re still fun ( if a bit turgid in places ) .
The story : Two “ rogue planets ” are heading to our solar system .
“ Alpha ” will cause much destruction when it passes near Earth before it swings around the sun to come back and annihilate the planet , while “ Beta ” will assume a stable orbit .
A group builds spaceships to travel to Beta and escape the holocaust .
The 1951 George Pal movie version , which changes some of the characters , is my favorite flick from the golden age of popcorn sci-fi .
It ’s supposed to be remade for the 2010 movie season .
14 Anthem Ayn Rand , 1938
In many ways ( though perhaps not intentionally ) , this novella is an answer to Wells ’ Shape of Things to Come .
The oppressive , centralized government is the villain here , which attempts to wipe out all individuality .
( It ’s a recurring theme of dystopian fiction . )
In the story , Equality 7-2521 excels at math and science , but the government decrees that he will be a street sweeper .
He escapes from the city through an old subway and discovers the world apart from the oppressive government .
He and his love learn of the past thanks to a preserved library of books .
Fascinating note : Rand once suggested to Walt Disney that he make a movie of Anthem , because animation could tell the story better than live action .
15 Nightfall Isaac Asimov , 1941
Nightfall is the only one of these works that does n’t take place on ( or near ) Earth , but it ’s definitely apocalyptic .
Six stars continually illuminate a civilization far away .
Scientists discover that every 2,049 years , the most visible sun is eclipsed , causing temporary darkness .
But because the civilization only experiences light , past eclipses led immediate to the fall of civilization — which is , of course , what happens .
A highly influential story ( Asimov later expanded it to a novel with Robert Silverberg ) , Nightfall has been anthologized at least 48 times !
Notable Extras : By The Waters of Babylon , Zothique , Rescue Party , The Moon Maid
David Kilcullen describes the cycle of violence at the end of the last post in biological terms ; we are apparently faced with “ infection ” , “ contagion ” , “ intervention ” , and “ rejection ” .
Usually it ’s wise to be really suspicious of anyone who talks biology in politics , unless they are talking about actual bacteria .
However , this metaphor covers a very important strategic point .
Specifically , the grand strategy of Al - Qa’ida can be thought of as auto - immune warfare ; Kilcullen leaves the phrase to the very back of the book , but the idea is inherent right from the beginning .
The aim is to provoke and manipulate the enemy until their reactions create many more zones of dubious authority where they can move in , and eventually until the West is exhausted economically .
The reason why biology should get dragged in here is that we are to be destroyed by the over - reaction of our own security system , just as auto - immune diseases turn the immune system on the body .
This is a crucial concept , and it is one whose implications cascade through all kinds of other problems , from grand strategy down to airport security measures .
Specifically , auto - immune war is a strategy , but its tactical implementation is the creation of false positive responses .
Security obsession gums up the economy with inefficiencies .
Terrorism terrorises the public ; security theatre keeps them that way .
As Kilcullen points out , every day , millions of travellers are systematically reminded of terrorism by government security precautions .
Profiling measures subject entire communities to indignity and waste endless hours of police time .
Vast sums of money are spent on counterproductive equipment programs and unlikely techno - fixes .
National identity cards and monster databases are the specific symptoms of this pathology in the UK , just as idiotic militarism is in the US .
( Yes , I ’m dragging him into my own political battles .
See what I did there ? )
In its most extreme form , this strategy helps to trigger destabilising intervention , which damages existing social and political structures and therefore creates the guerrilla zones of tomorrow .
Donald Rumsfeld was not wrong when he spoke of catastrophic success in Iraq ; merely lacking in self - awareness .
The symmetry between insurgency and counter - insurgency is very clear here ; according to Kilcullen , the Taliban has recently adopted a variant of the focoist strategy associated with Che Guevara and ( of all people ) Regis Debray , which is apparently now official ISI doctrine ( the paper he cites is here ) .
The main - force guerrillas ’ role is to stage spectaculars , which provide propaganda of the deed , create chaos , and intimidate or chase off the representatives of the state or of traditional authority .
The other elements of a classic guerrilla system – the clandestine administration , and its part - time local guerrilla force – then step in .
Meanwhile , the strike force moves on to other battles or melts back into hiding .
On the other side , the “ political manoeuvre ” operations Kilcullen describes in Kunar province , Afghanistan , and under his own command in East Timor bear a nontrivial resemblance .
The counter - insurgents arrive in the battlespace with considerable surprise , speed , and shock action , forcing the guerrillas to take to their rear base ( whatever form it may take ) .
They then establish themselves in the centres of population and production , and recruit the population into the government or the traditional authorities ’ network by providing security , economic aid , and dispute resolution , and challenge the guerrillas to attack them , in order to get back into the public eye .
Having seen them off , they they move to replace themselves with their own local recruits – local counterguerrillas , recruited to protect their ( non-clandestine ) administration .
As a plan , it ’s also reminiscent of the “ diplomatic - military operations ” idea in Gwyn Prins ‘ The Heart of War : Power , conflict , and obligation in the 21st century .
After all , the deliberate guerrillas are trying to achieve their political goals by recruiting , co-opting , propagandising and providing technical assistance and military advice to their local recruits , and their organisations often extend into political and economic action as well .
Like one of these or these .
Kilcullen ’s prologue describes meeting a group of international takfiris in the backwoods of Indonesia ; as he says , it is surprising to encounter a group of Yemenis claiming to be students in this environment .
( Perhaps it is not as surprising now , in 2009 , as it was in 1996 . )
The first question they asked him was : so what about the Israelis and the Palestinians ?
It ’s almost comforting ; survive a plane crash in the mountains of Papua New Guinea , and you can be fairly certain of knowing which political issue the locals will want to know your opinion on .
And what a popular answer is likely to be .
But this was certainly no stranger than finding an Australian paratrooper major studying for a PhD asking leading questions about an underground political party , smoking a Cohiba cigar , in the same circumstances .
They were , as he said to them , both learning from their Indonesian brothers .
You could say that .
Apparently , Kyouhei Sada ( or Kiyohiro Sada , I honestly have no idea which name is " correct " ) , moonlighted at Natsume while still composing tunes for Konami , which is why this game 's score sounds like something out of an NES Konami game .
ActRaiser 's soundtrack was simply stunning when it was first heard back in 1990 .
It still holds up amazingly well , thanks to the fantastic work of composer , Yuzo Koshiro .
The approach here seemingly was to create a game soundtrack that was more akin to an epic movie score than what was previously heard in videogames , therefore much of the music does n't have distinct melodies so much as emotion and tension that underlines or emphasizes the action .
No one seems to like ActRaiser 2 anywhere near as much as the first one , and probably for good reason .
Gone are the simulation stages as it is a pure action game , but whereas the first one was criticized for being too easy , Part 2 went way in the other direction , causing many people to feel it was too hard .
While I always like a good challenge , the control scheme was slow and awkward .
The soundtrack is also a notch down from the first one .
While they do sound orchestrated , the songs are n't as memorable or distinct as the first game , and a lot of it sounds alike .
But , there might still be something worth exploring here .
I never got into this game and most of what I 've heard of the soundtrack did n't impress me , but I love these two songs .
The composer for this music is unknown at this time .
Heroes of the Lance is a game with a very poor reputation and it's not entirely undeserved .
While I could go on here about all of its problems , I 'll choose instead to mention that the music is actually rather good in some areas .
It 's like more effort went into that than anything else .
Hillsfar , much like Heroes of the Lance , is not a very well - liked game , though I have n't played enough of it myself to judge it .
Games that use orchestral soundtracks often do put a modern spin on them , such as adding percussion and bassline , but Hillsfar 's music sounds intentionally like it 's being played on archaic instruments only - lute , harpsichord , etc .
At this point in time , the composer is unknown , but I highly suspect it is Kazuo Sawa due to the similarity of the Taverns & Temples music to the Bard 's Lute Song that he composed for the SNES version of Ultima VI : The False Prophet .
I heard really good things about this game 's soundtrack , and I have to say that I was initially impressed with the title screen music , but then underwhelmed by the rest of it .
The composer is the same person who did Heroes of the Lance , but I do n't think it 's anywhere close in quality .
Of course , that game had far fewer tracks .
Pool of Radiance has over 3 times as many , and maybe things just got spread too thin .
Mood / Style : Soft Rock
Comment : Another song with a bluesy / jazz feel to it .
It has a really good intro , but needed work on the second half .
Rating :
( NES - 1991 )
Composer : Miyoshi Okuyama
Although I 'm not a real huge fan of the Adventure Island game series , this being the only one I ever finished , but I still sometimes find these songs getting stuck in my head .
I wo n't claim they 're the greatest music to ever grace the NES , but if you 're looking for some fun , bouncy calypso stuff in 8 - bit , here you go !
Caves
Mood / Style : Suspenseful
Comment : Music from the caves .
Where else ?
Rating : Credits
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Tropical
Comment :
The ending music .
Rating : Desert
Mood / Style : Middle - Eastern
Comment : Another song to add to the long list of NES Egyptian music .
Rating : Island Boss
Mood / Style : Ominous , Suspenseful
Comment :
The one and only boss theme .
Rating : Over the Clouds
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Soft Rock
Comment : Sky area music .
Rating : Overworld 1
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Tropical
Comment :
One of the songs I most well remember from this game .
It can really get stuck in your head .
Rating : Overworld 2
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Tropical
Comment :
And this is the other one I remembered really well .
Rating : Overworld 3
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Tropical
Comment : Another similar song .
Rating : Underwater
Mood / Style : Cheerful , Tropical
Comment : This reminded me of the underwater music from Super Mario Bros .
3 .
Rating : Underworld 1
Mood / Style : Ominous , Suspenseful
Comment : Another cave - type area .
These typically sound darker and more mysterious than the other themes .
Rating : Underworld 2
Mood / Style : Ominous , Suspenseful
Comment : Probably another cave area , although honestly , I do n't remember hearing this one .
Rating :
( NES - 1988 )
Composers : Jun Funahashi , Kyouhei Sada , Hidenori Maezawa , Atsushi Fujio , & Tsutomu Ogura
I 'm convinced Bayou Billy has a far worse reputation than it actually deserves .
I saw Crawl beat it a long time ago and while it was challenging , it did n't look impossible and certainly not the soul - crushing experience it 's often made out to be .
I really dig the music , too .
There 's nothing quite like the picked guitar sound it has in any other NES game .
Car Drivin '
Mood / Style : Rock
Comment : Music for the car driving stages .
It 's actually a little more happy - sounding than some of the other music in this game .
Rating : From the Swamp to Your Sweetheart
Mood / Style : Ballad , Soft Rock
Comment :
The ending music .
Bayou Billy is often cited as being a very difficult game to finish , so at least you 're well - rewarded with this pleasing tune when you 're done .
Rating : Gun Shootin ' ~ Shootout
Mood / Style : Rock
Comment :
The light gun stage boss fight music .
I did n't include the regular light gun stage music because it was awfully repetitive .
Rating : Street & Swamp Fightin '
Mood / Style : Hard Rock , Rock
Comment :
The main theme for some of the beat - em - up levels in Bayou Billy .
This is one really catchy , rockin ' tune .
Crawl once described it as being the NES version of electric guitar .
Rating : Threateningly Yours , Gordon
Mood / Style : Rock
Comment :
The boss music .
I never beat this game , but I remembered this years later after seeing Crawl beat it because of how long it took to beat the final bosses .
Rating :
AKUMAJO DRACULA X : CHI NO RONDO
( NEC Turbo Duo )
Composers : Tomoya Tomita , Masanari Iwata , Harumi Ueko , Masahiko Kimura
I have n't actually played Akumajo Dracula X yet , but I was impressed with the music , which I could hear when Crawl was playing it .
Castlevania games are almost always a good source of game music , and this one was no exception .
I 'm half - tempted to say Dracula X might be my favorite of the Castlevania soundtracks , but it's hard to etch that in stone since there are so many others that are great , too ( especially Simon 's Quest , Dracula 's Curse , and Symphony of the Night ) .
I decided to make some mp3s available of the Turbo Duo 's version of Dracula X for two reasons : 1 . I think they sound much better than the versions that were in the Super NES game , Castlevania : Dracula X , but since the TGCD version is so rare and expensive , it 's likely many people have never even heard these versions .
2 . The TGCD version contains a few songs that were n't in the SNES game .
Beginning
Time : 2:28
Size : 2.26 MB
Automatic ending
Comment : " Beginning " is a remake of the first level theme from Castlevania 3 : Dracula 's Curse .
Rating : Bloodlines
Time : 2:58
Size : 2.73 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
The first level music .
I like the guitar riff in the beginning of this one .
Rating : Bloody Tears
Time : 1:42
Size : 1.56 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
The song that was made popular as the daytime music in Castlevania 2 : Simon 's Quest .
I have to confess I like the version of this that 's in Super Castlevania 4 more , but this one is still very good .
Rating : Cemetery
Time : 2:30
Size : 2.30 MB
Automatic ending
Comment : Uh , yeah , the cemetery level music .
I do n't know what else to say , so I 'll use this space to make a general comment on this game 's soundtrack :
It strikes me as being what you 'd get if you crossed Castlevania music with Ys music .
Rating : Cross a Fear
Time : 2:40
Size : 2.45 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
One of three songs that were not included in the Super NES Castlevania : Dracula X .
This one is my personal favorite of these .
Rating : Den
Time : 3:16
Size : 3.00 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
This song is a remix of two different Castlevania songs , " Vampire Killer " and " Bloody Tears " .
One of the longer songs in this game 's soundtrack .
Rating : Illusionary Dance
Time : 1:42
Size : 1.57 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
The final boss music .
A shortened version of this was also used in Castlevania : Symphony of the Night , so you might be familiar with it from there .
I personally think this is the best version of this song .
Rating : Opus 13
Time : 3:39
Size : 3.35 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
The second of the three songs that did not exist in the SNES game .
Rating : Picture of the Ghost Ship
Time : 2:25
Size : 2.22 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
This is one of my favorites from this soundtrack .
Rating : Requiem
Time : 1:36
Size : 1.47 MB
Automatic ending
Comment : I accidentally uploaded this mp3 with all the others , but I figured , eh , what the heck .
I 'll make it available for download , too .
A solemn little hymn that 's also heard in Circle of the Moon .
This is the last of the three songs that were n't in the SNES version .
Rating : Slash
Time : 1:24
Size : 1.29 MB
Automatic ending
Comment :
This used to be my favorite song from Dracula X , but the novelty has worn off on me a bit and I now appreciate some of the others more .
Even though it has kind of a " disco " style to it , it 's just really fun to listen to .
Rating : Vampire Killer
Time : 1:43
Size : 1.58 MB
Automatic ending
Comment : A new version of the first level theme of the original Castlevania game .
Rating :
ALBERT ODYSSEY
( Super NES - 1993 )
Composer : Naoki Kodaka
ALBERT ODYSSEY 2
( Super NES - 1994 )
Composer : Naoki Kodaka
ALBERT ODYSSEY : LEGEND OF ELDEAN
( Sega Saturn - 1996 )
Composer : Naoki Kodaka
( NES - 1993 )
Composer : Jeroen Tel
Did n't seem like the NES version of Alien 3 was a very good game ( sort of like the movie ) , but it has a decent soundtrack , courtesy of Jeroen Tel who was known for composing soundtracks for Commodore 64 games .
Final Score
Style / Mood : Soft Rock
Comment :
The music played during the score display screen shown at the end of the game .
This is on the more laid - back end of this soundtrack 's spectrum .
The rest is more upbeat than this .
Rating : Guardian 1
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
One of the boss themes .
After every few stages , you 'll fight an Alien Queen .
Rating : Guardian 2
Style / Mood : Rock , Techno
Comment : Another boss theme , though it 's still against an Alien Queen .
This one has a " Mortal Kombat " vibe to it .
Rating : Level 1 & 2
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
The stage music is " where it 's at " in this game 's soundtrack .
This is a very long song , clocking at about 2:30 before the first loop .
Rating : Level 3 & 4
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
The music for the next set of levels also clocks at about 2:30 before the first loop .
Amazingly long and complicated stuff .
Rating : Level 5 & 6
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
The songs start to shorten up a bit for the last few sets of stages , but still have that hard - drivin ' beat .
Rating : Level 7 & 8
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
The shortest stage music yet .
Rating : Main Title
Style / Mood : Rock
Comment :
The title theme is also very long and complicated .
This is my favorite song in the game .
It caught my attention right away when I first booted it up .
Rating : Mission Accomplished
Style / Mood : Cheerful , Rock
Comment :
If you 're wondering why the ending song sounds so upbeat , it 's because the game has a much happier ending than the movie did .
Spoiler Alert : Ripley actually lives .
Rating :
( Sega Genesis - 1992 )
Composer : Fumihito Kasatani
ALUNDRA
( Sony Playstation - 1997 )
Composer : Kohei Tanaka
ALUNDRA 2
( Sony Playstation - 1999 )
Composer : Kohei Tanaka
ARC THE LAD : TWILIGHT OF THE SPIRITS
( Sony Playstation2 )
Composers : Koji Sakurai , Takayuki Hattori , Yuko Fukushima , Masahiro Andoh , Takashi Harada
ARCANA
( Super NES )
Composers : Jun Ishikawa & Hirokazu Ando
( Sony Playstation 2 - 2004 )
Composers : Ken Nakagawa & Daisuke Achiwa
AXELAY
( Super NES )
Composer : Sotaro Tojima
Level 1 : Unkai -
The first level theme of Axelay is hard - hitting , fast - paced , and really grabs your attention , jerking you right into the action .
Level 3 : Mother -
This one 's is more jazz - inspired and has some really crazy parts ( just wish I knew what was up with those strange burping sounds ) .
Level 4 : Silence -
This ambient piece is , imo , the best song in Axelay .
If you only download one Axelay song , make it be this one .
Level 5 : Burning -
The molten lava planet contains another fast - paced , suspense - ridden musical track .
Return to Mother - Great ending song that remixes part of the Level 1 theme into a supercharged number that goes out with a bang .
This made my original Top 50 endings .
It ’s been a busy year for browser vendors .
Microsoft released IE8 , Google Chrome is at version 2 , and both Firefox 3.5 and Safari 4 are imminent .
However , the latest new browser is Opera 10 , which is now available as a beta download .
Opera has a reputation for leading innovation and web standards whilst remaining lightweight , fast , and feature - packed .
The installer is a fraction of the size of most , but the browser includes tabs , speed dial , an email client , RSS reader , newsgroup support , IRC , a bit torrent client , notes , mouse gestures , desktop widgets , developer tools , small - screen rendering , and more .
Yet , although it is popular in Northern Europe and Russia , it languishes behind IE , Firefox , Safari and Chrome in most of the world .
Like many developers , I have a lot of respect for Opera .
I use it for testing but it has never superseded Firefox as my default browser .
Can Opera 10 persuade me to switch and grab a larger share of the PC browser market ?
New interface
At first glance , Opera 10 bears more than a passing resemblance to Safari .
The interface is cleaner , sleeker , and less cluttered .
All the features and interface options are still available , but they do not feel as daunting as previous versions .
Click to enlarge …
New features
Several features may be new to Opera although many have been available in Firefox and some of the other browsers for a while :
tab previews
speed dial customization
auto - update
in - line spell checking
webmail integration
crash recovery and reporting
resizable search field ( do many people really care about that ? )
The tab bar can also be expanded to show “ visual tabs ” with a page thumbnail .
Whilst it uses a fair amount of screen estate , it ’s a great feature for tab - novices or those with larger monitors .
The email client now supports HTML and rich text messages , although that has led to some complaints on the SitePoint forum .
I ’m not a big fan of graphical email either , but we appear to be in the minority .
HTML support is a sound business decision and should lead to more Opera email users .
I ’d certainly recommend it for netbooks or older devices with limited memory .
Standards and developer support
Standards support is as strong as ever in Presto 2.2 , Opera ’s rendering engine .
Unlike the majority of it ’s competitors , Opera passes the Acid3 test with a 100/100 score .
Other new features include :
web fonts with support for the CSS @font - face declaration .
with support for the CSS @font - face declaration .
CSS colors can be defined using HSL ( Hue , Saturation and Luminosity ) as well as RGB .
Some JavaScript effects will be significantly easier to code , e.g. increasing the brightness of an element .
as well as RGB .
Some JavaScript effects will be significantly easier to code , e.g. increasing the brightness of an element .
support for opacity within RGB and HSL declarations , e.g. background - color : rgba( 255 , 0 , 0 , 0.5 ) will create a 50 % transparent red background .
However , unlike the single opacity property , it will only change the transparency of the element ’s background – not the content or child elements .
, e.g. will create a 50 % transparent red background .
However , unlike the single property , it will only change the transparency of the element ’s background – not the content or child elements .
CSS - like DOM element selection with document.querySelectorAll ( ) and document.querySelector ( ) .
with and improved SVG support with web fonts and frames per second settings for animations .
with web fonts and frames per second settings for animations .
rudimentary HTML5 support .
Opera ’s development and debugging console , DragonFly , has been updated and includes more Firebug - inspired features such as DOM editing and HTTP profiling .
Summary … so far
Opera 10 is a beta product and I have noticed a few quirks , however , it ’s stable and a definite improvement on version 9 .
I ’m amazed how they fit so much functionality in a 6.5 MB download ( yes , Microsoft and Apple , you should hang your heads in shame ! )
See also :
Have you tried Opera 10 ?
Would you consider switching from your current default browser ?
Premium Listings
Categories
Africa top forum is an online free classifieds ads for all Africans countries such as Nigeria , Ghana , Kenya , South Africa , Uganda etc .
It ’s formerly online interactive community for Africans now dedicated to classifieds advert for businesses and companies across Africans continent and sellers interested in selling to Africans .
It ’s no 1 Africans central classified website for posting , selling and buying items around Africa .
There is no easier and faster way to reach the audience in the continent via classifieds advertising than Africa top forum , having existed for over 6 years of serving Africans and visitors on internet domain .
As a seller no matter your advertising or business target audiences you ’re looking for in any country in Africa , it ’s covered in Africa top forum here e.g free ads posting for South Africa , free classifieds in Kenya , free Nigerian classifieds , post free ads for Liberia etc .
You ’re in the right online marketplace .
Africa top forum has numerous visitors from all walks of life coming to search for goods and services to buy online ; this gives you the opportunity to serve them with any product you have in stock for sale .
If it ’s time sensitive you can set the expiry date for the Ad e.g ticket , auction item etc .
You post once and customize your advert to suit your brand or business , our system is very intelligent in picking ads for buyers when they search , this ensures that your ads posting exposure is maximized .
As a buyer searching for ads from South Africa , classifieds in Nigeria , African classifieds ( as most advert posted here are targeted at entire continent ) , ads from Ghana , classifieds from Uganda etc this is right platform for you to buy items from any country in Africa easier and faster .
If the product or service you ’re looking for is not listed you can post a request for that particular product or service , and have sellers or people who can offer the service or product response to your advert , while you select who best fit into what you ’re looking for .
It ’s simple and easy as this .
allows your listing to be put on the top of home page permanently till the duration you paid for expires , not only that , your listing will be displaying on the top of every search searchers make all over the site .
Also , your advert will be running all over Africa top forum and its sister ’s websites with other adverts and many more .
That is to say PREMIUM ADS is all in one advertising solution , and it gets faster result than free ads posting because it gets millions of views from various visitors in Africa top forum and sister 's websites combinations .
Starting at N2,500 or $ 9 / week to N3,750 or $ 25 / week PREMIUM ADS helps you spread your tentacles around Africa faster and easier than you ever thought possible online .
Art - Collectibles , Food – Drinks , Books – Magazines , Cameras - Camera Accessories , Cell Phones – Accessories , Clothing , Computers – Hardware , Electronics , Home – Furniture , Jewelry - Watches 1 Listing Tickets , Toys - Games – Hobbies , Vehicles , Cars , Car Parts , Classes , Computer - Multimedia Classes , Language Classes , Tutoring - Private Lessons , Other Classes , Real estate , Land , Spiritual Help , Health – Beauty , Computer , Event Services , Repair , writing - Editing – Translating , Community Activities , Events , Women looking for Men , Men looking for Women , Men looking for Men , Women looking for Women , Friendship - Activity Partners , Missed Connections .
And Jobs in the following professions : Accounting – Finance , Arts - Entertainment – Publishing , Education – Training , Engineering – Architecture , Healthcare , Human Resource , Internet , Legal , Marketing , Non-profit – Volunteer and sales .
TMCnet Contributor
Share
The Linux Foundation has announced the launch of its latest Web site in an initiative that is targeted at speeding up the continuous development and quality enhancements of open source Linux .
“ Code and online participation is the new resume , and we want Linux.com to provide a framework for Linux experts to help each other and showcase their talent , knowledge and skills and ultimately improve their careers , ” Jim Zemlin ( News - Alert ) , Executive director of The Linux Foundation .
“ We ’ve also found that Linux users have a passion for improving the platform .
Linux.com is the community ’s resource , and the more information that is shared on Linux , the more benefit to all who participate .
We think that active participation on Linux.com will result in an easier to use , more robust Linux platform . ”
Official sources claim that collaborative efforts by open source developers from all over the world have helped in the creation of the new Web site and this trend was further encouraged by The Linux Foundation from the month of March 2009 , the same time when it was handed over total control of the then conceptual and formative brand new Web space .
As TMCnet has earlier reported , in the first few days of March , The Linux Foundation began moving on two fronts that week , offering Linux training programs for developers and administrators and taking over the Linux.com informational Web site from SourceForge , which would continue to support the foundation by selling advertising for Linux.com .
The report continued that the new site would feature collaborative tools , news , information , content , tools , and community services for business users , and that a beta version would be released in a few months .
Officials claimed at the time that it was not for submitting changes to the Linux kernel since that function would remain with kernel.org .
The Foundation allowed developers to leverage its Ideaforge web tool during the development process , say official sources , and the new site connects Linux users with developers , showcases their skill sets , and also connects developers to jobs , collaborative efforts and freelancing contracts .
Other features of Linux.com are : allows free registration ; provides dedicated blog spaces for registered individuals ; allows users to submit recommended solutions for first time problem solving and review products from an online product directory ; and , dynamically presents data to exactly match individual queries rather than hosting ‘ one time posted , cast in stone ’ information .
Do n’t forget to check out TMCnet ’s White Paper Library , which provides a selection of in - depth information on relevant topics affecting the IP Communications industry .
The library offers white papers , case studies and other documents which are free to registered users .
Edited by Michael Dinan
Godly Advice for a Barren Widow with Cancer Please Note :
This is an actual letter we received and Brother 's Harry 's actual response to the writer .
Greetings Landover Baptist Church ,
May God grant you the wisdom and sympathy to understand my situation and how much I need your help , herein I plead however strange or surprising this contact might seem to you , as we have not meet personally or had any dealings in the past , I humbly ask that you take due consideration of its importance and immense benefit .
My names are Mrs. Melanie Megan , I am the widow of Late Dr. Morgan Megan who is a business man , we were married for 22 years without a child and he died last year after a brief illness .
Recently , My Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to my health condition ( cancer of the lever and stroke ) having known my present health condition there is a deep secret which I want to share with you in full confidentiality as a co-worker in Gods vineyard .
Before my husband died last year he had a banquets at a Trust Company valued at ( $ 3.400.000 us dollars )
Having known my health condition , I feel it will be legally proper to donate this fund to you to utilize in propagating the word of God and in building orphanage homes for less privileged people .
I am therefore , inviting you to partner with me in this strategic ministry to handle the funds the way I have stated herein , and I also want you to always remember me in your prayers for my up coming Cancer Surgery .
Please any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose ; I expect your favourable response urgently , indicating your full interest to this ministry partnership .
In Christ , Mrs. Melanie Megan --------------------------------------
Dear Mrs. Megan :
Our church does not enter into financial arrangements ( even lucrative ones ) with people the Lord has already condemned to Hell .
That 's not to say we are n't willing to partner with thieves , embezzlers , tax evaders and other Republicans .
But those folks can still repent and one day enjoy God 's glory .
You , on the other hand , are going straight to Hell , and there is nothing you or anyone can do about that .
You indicated that you and your husband never had children and that you have only three months to live due to stroke and cancer of the " lever . "
While I 'm not familiar with cancer of the " lever , " it sounds just dreadful .
One can only wonder what horrible deed you committed to tick off the Lord so badly that he gave you cancer of an organ that does n't even exist .
But that is not the reason your name does not appear in the Book of Life .
It is childlessness that ensures your fiery fate .
You are one of the lesser gender , whose originating member ( like all her descendants ) was so weak , she could not resist temptation .
That is why God makes all of you suffer in pain in childbirth and submit to your husbands when not generating offspring ( Genesis 3:16 ) .
It is also undoubtedly why He inflicted you with that disgusting time of the month when everything you touch is unclean , necessitating your banishment for seven days ( Leviticus 15:19 - 20 ) .
In any event , because of the sin of Eve , the only hope any of you gals has for salvation is to bear children .
The apostle Paul , Jesus 's posthumous press secretary , wrote : " Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection .
But I suffer not a woman to teach , nor to usurp authority over the man , but to be in silence .
For Adam was first formed , then Eve .
And Adam was not deceived , but the woman being deceived was in the transgression .
Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing , if they [ sic ] continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety " ( 1 Timothy 2:15 , Holy Bible ( KJV , 1611 ) ) .
Since you have not had children , when you die , you fry .
After all , not having children is to defy God by ignoring the only real purpose
He created such an inferior gender in the first place -- well , that and to keep men from being lonely ( Genesis 2:20 - 22 ) .
Since your husband croaked three months ago , you can't have children by him .
And to have children out of wedlock is pure harlotry ( not to mention that the offspring and all its descendants are condemned as bastards -- to the 10th generation , no less ! ) ( Deuteronomy 23:2 ) .
Of course , as a widow , you could marry and have a child with your husband 's brother .
For whenever a man 's brother dies , the man is obliged to marry his brother 's wife and bear children with her ( Deuteronomy 25:7 - 9 ; Genesis 38:8 ) ( Hey , I 'm just the messenger ! ) .
But three months is not enough time to carry a child from conception to birth .
( If you could do that , you 'd have those Roe v. Wade lovers in quite a tizzy . )
And when you die , so would the baby in your womb .
That poor child would then have to go to Hell as well because it never reached the point where it had the mental acuity to accept Jesus as the baby 's Lord and Savior , hence the baby would roast for eternity , and that 's hardly a fair fate for which you should burden a prospective child .
So , the bottom line is that you 're going to Hell , where you will burn in the hottest flames ever created every second of every day for eternity .
Given that fate , I suggest you blow the $ 3,400,000 your husband left you on yourself .
Live it up during the three months before you keel over .
You 've got nothing to lose ( or gain , in the long run ) .
I hope I 've been of assistance .
No need to thank me .
I dole out such advice selflessly .
That 's just the kind of Christian I am .
Here 's toasting you with the Blood of the Lamb ( it 's only 3 Weight Watchers points a glass ! ) ,
Brother Harry Hardwick
Chair , Landover Baptist Salvation Evaluation Committee
Copyright 1998 - 2007 , Americhrist Ltd.
All rights reserved .
Terms of Service
The Landover Baptist website is not intended to be viewed by anyone under 18
In the category Dress up games for girls you will find online games in which you can choose clothes , decorate rooms , apply make - up , make Barbie ’s hair , do manicure and pedicure , interior design and many other things which girls find amusing … and why not boys as well :) .
The games in the dress up games for girls section are ordered by the date they were added to the site and the latest Dress up games are on top .
Browse the pages back if your favorite game is not on the current page .
The WA Police Commissioner will not change the force 's stun gun policy after a man caught fire when he was shot by a Taser in a remote Aboriginal community yesterday .
Karl O'Callaghan said stun guns were preferable to officers drawing their firearms , adding that circumstances could have been " far more grave " if a gun had been used on the 36 - year - old .
He also defended the two officers involved and said an investigation was underway into whether a cigarette lighter or the Taser caused the flames .
The man , who Mr O'Callaghan said " had a history of violent offences " , was airlifted to Royal Perth Hospital for treatment after he was struck by the Taser .
He is in a critical condition in the burns unit .
One of the officers was also injured after being struck on the head with rocks thrown by an 18 - year - old woman while trying to help the man .
He suffered burns to his hands and a cut to the head , which needed five stitches .
Preface :
In this document we only discuss Linux deficiencies while everyone should keep in mind that there are areas where Linux has excelled other OSes .
A primary target of this comparison is Windows OS .
Linux major shortcomings and problems :
0. Premise : proprietary software will stay indefinitely .
Full stop .
You may argue eternally , but complicated software like games , 3D applications , databases , CADs ( Computer - aided Design ) , etc. which cost millions of dollars and years of man-hours to develop will never be open sourced .
Software patents are about to stay forever .
1 . No reliable sound system , no reliable unified software audio mixing , many ( old or / and proprietary ) applications still open audio output exclusively causing major user problems and headache .
1.1 Insanely difficult to set up volume levels , audio recording ... and in some situations even audio output .
1.2 Highly confusing , not self - explanatory mixer settings .
1.3
By default many distros do not set volume levels properly ( no audio output / no sound recording ) .
2. X system :
2.1
No good stable standardized API for developing GUI applications ( like Win32 API ) .
Both GTK and Qt are very unstable and often break backwards compatibility .
2.2 Very slow GUI ( except when being run with composite window managers on top of OpenGL ) .
2.3 Many GUI operations are not accelerated .
No analogue of GDI or GDI +.
Text antialiasing and other GUI operations are software rendered by GUI libraries ( GTK -> Cairo / QT -> Xft ) .
2.4 Font rendering is implemented via high level GUI libraries , thus :
2.4.1 fontconfig fonts antialiasing settings cannot be applied on - the - fly .
2.4.2 Fonts antialiasing only works for certain GUI toolkits ( see 2.1 ) .
2.4.3 Default fonts ( often ) look ugly .
2.4.3.1 ( Being resolved )
By default most distros disable advanced fonts antialiasing .
2.4.3.2
By default most distros come without good or even compatible with Windows fonts .
2.5 No double buffering .
3. Problems stemming from the vast number of Linux distributives :
3.1
No unified configuration system for computer settings , devices and system services .
E.g. distro
A sets up networking using these utilities , outputting certain settings residing in certain file system locations , distro B sets up everything differently .
This drives most users mad .
3.2
No unified installer across all distros .
Consider RPM , deb , portage , tar.gz , sources , etc .
It adds a cost for software development .
3.3 Many distros ' repositories do not contain all available open source software .
User should never be bothered with using ./ configure && make && make installer .
It should be possible to install any software by downloading a package and double clicking it ( yes , like in Windows , but probably prompting for user / administrator password ) .
3.4 Applications development is a major PITA .
Different distros can use a ) different libraries versions b) different compiler flags c ) different compilers .
This leads to a number of problems raised to the third power .
4 . It should be possible to configure everything via GUI which is still not a case for too many situations and operations .
5 . Problems stemming from low linux popularity and open source nature :
5.1 Few software titles , inability to run familiar Windows software .
( Some applications ( which do n't work in Wine ) have zero Linux equivalents ) .
5.1.1 No equivalent of some hardcore Windows software like AutoCAD / 3D Studio / Adobe Premier / Corel Painter /etc .
Home and work users just wo n't bother installing Linux until they can work for real .
5.2 No games .
Full stop .
Cedega and Wine offer very incomplete support .
5.3 Incomplete or unstable drivers for some hardware .
Problems setting up some hardware ( like sound cards or TV tuners / Web Cameras ) .
5.3.1 A lot of WinPrinters do not have any Linux support ( e.g. Lexmark models ) .
An argument that user should buy a Linux compatible printer is silly since that way Linux wo n't ever gain even a traction of popularity .
Why should I install an OS where my printer does n't work ?
5.3.2 A lot of web cameras still do not work at all in Linux .
5.4 It 's impossible to watch Blue - Ray movies .
5.5 Questionable patents and legality status .
US Linux users cannot play many popular audio and video formats until they purchase appropriate codecs .
6 . Poor or almost missing regression testing in Linux kernel ( and , alas , in other Open Source software too ) leading to a situation when new kernels may become totally unusable for some hardware configurations ( software suspend does n't work , crashes , unable to boot , networking problems , video tearing , etc . )
7 . A galore of software bugs across all applications .
Just look into KDE or Gnome bugzilla's - some bugs are now ten years old with over several dozens of duplicates and no one is working on them .
8 . Poor interoperability between applications and their components .
E.g. many kernel features get a decent userspace support years after introduction .
8.1 Most distros do n't allow you to easily set up a server with e.g. such a configuration : Samba , SMTP / POP3 , Apache HTTP Auth and FTP where all users are virtual .
LDAP is a major PITA .
Authentication against MySQL / any other DB is also a PITA .
9. General slowness : just compare load times between e.g. OpenOffice and Microsoft Office .
If you do n't like this example , try running OpenOffice in Windows and in Linux .
In the latter case it will be much slower .
9.1 Slow ( libraries ) linker .
Braindead slow linker .
Intolerably slow linker .
Win32 OpenOffice being run from Wine starts in a less time than native Linux OpenOffice .
Microsoft Office 2003 starts from
Wine in a matter of few seconds even on 1GHz CPUs with a slow HDD .
9.2 ( Being resolved )
No parallel boot of system services .
Questionable services for Desktop installations ( Fedora , Suse , Mandriva , Ubuntu ) .
No delayed loading of system services .
9.3 ( Being resolved )
Huge shutdown time .
10 . CLI ( command line interface ) errors for user applications ( see clause 4 . ) .
All GUI applications should have a visible errors presentation .
11 . ( Being slowly resolved )
Poor documentation .
12 . Bad security model : there 's zero protection against keyboard keyloggers and against running malicious software ( Linux is viruses free only due to its extremely low popularity ) .
sudo is very easy to circumvent ( social engineering ) .
sudo still requires CLI ( see clause 4 . ) .
13 . A very bad backwards and forward compatibility .
13.1 Old applications rarely work in new Linux distros ( glibc incompatibities ( double - free errors ) , missing libraries , wrong / new libraries versions , GCC source level errors ) .
Abandoned Linux GUI software generally does n't work in newer Linux distros .
Most well written GUI applications for Windows 95 will work in Windows 7 ( 15 years of compatibility on binary level ) .
13.2 New applications linked only against lib C will refuse to work in old distros .
( Even though they are 100 % source compatible with old distros ) .
13.3 New libraries versions bugs , regressions and incompatibilites .
14 . Enterprise level problems :
14.1 No software policies .
14.2
No standard way of software distribution .
14.3 ( Being slowly resolved ) No SMB / AD level replacement / equivalent ( samba does n't count ) : 1 ) Centralized and easily managable user directory .
2 ) Simple file sharing .
3 ) Simple ( LAN ) computers discovery and browsing .
***
Additions to and well - grounded critics of this list are welcomed .
Written during April 30 2009 - May 18 2009
©2009 Artem S. Tashkinov -
All rights reserved .
No reproduction of any kind is allowed without express permission by the author .
January 4th , 2010 note : a new version of this list is coming soon - it'll be slightly reworked and corrected .
Please , be patient .
Return to the main page .
Mystery Birds
Can someone please identify what type of birds these are ?
I think they must be some type of geese .
They are definitely not afraid of people .
However , they do make a lot of noise when people are around .
At first , I thought they were begging for food , but they did not even taste the food that I gave them .
These birds were found in Florida .
I just found out that these birds are Brown Chinese Geese and are also known as Brown Chinas .
Thank you to everyone who helped identify them !
by Phil for Humanity
on 07/19/2009 Related Articles
» The Fall of China
» China will have a Short - Term Recession
» Made in China
By Jeremy McDermott
BBC News , Medellin
Exhumation of bodies has shed light on the alleged atrocities
The toxic fallout of a grisly army scandal continues to spread in Colombia , as more soldiers are arrested over their alleged roles .
In recent days another three colonels have been arrested , bringing the total number of military personnel captured to at least 22 .
The " false positives " scandal has revealed that the army murdered civilians , who were then dressed in rebel uniforms or given guns .
They were then presented as guerrillas or paramilitaries killed in combat .
These allowed units to fabricate results , and officers to gain promotion .
The number of victims is believed to be in the thousands .
" The issue of the false positives puts into doubt the doctrine of the security forces with respect to human rights , " said Maria Victoria Llorente , director of the think - tank Foundation Idea for Peace .
" This puts at risk a prized value for the military : legitimacy . "
Demand for results
By certain measures , the " democratic security " policy of President Alvaro Uribe has been a great success .
It has pushed back Marxist rebels from around the cities and deep into their mountain and jungle strongholds .
It has demobilised 30,000 members of an illegal right - wing paramilitary army , the United Self Defence Forces of Colombia .
It has seen a massive drop in kidnapping and a fall in the murder rate , once among the highest in the world .
But Mr Uribe 's demand for results has pushed his security forces to the limit - and this appears to have provoked this scandal of the false positives .
The scandal broke last October when it was found that poor , young men had been recruited from the slums of Bogota , promised well - paying jobs in the province of Norte de Santander , then murdered in cold blood and presented by the army as having been killed in combat .
The attorney general 's office has evidence that 30 young men were murdered in such circumstances , and so far 17 soldiers have been arrested in connection with these extrajudicial killings .
Cases multiply
The funding for these operations allegedly came from the budget for informants .
The paying of informants is one of the central struts of the democratic security policy .
Many people ... have made false accusations , to try to paralyse the action of the security forces
President Uribe
However , more examples of false positives are coming to light , spread across the country .
Prosecutors now have 900 cases on their books , involving 1,500 victims , with more reports arriving daily .
Sixty - seven soldiers have already been found guilty and more than 400 have been arrested and are awaiting trial .
A total of 1,177 members of the security forces are currently under investigation linked with cases of extrajudicial killings .
Here in Antioquia province , where the most cases have been reported , the attorney general 's office is investigating Battalion Bombon .
It is alleged that soldiers were sent to the city of Medellin to round up homeless people from the streets who were later presented by the army as rebels killed in combat .
Investigators have managed to identify six cases , and 46 operations by the battalion are being scrutinised amid fears that they were simply staged using murdered civilians .
Student snatched Mr Uribe 's democratic security policy has demanded results from the army
The most recent case of a false positive took place in the northern province of Cordoba in December last year , which was well after 27 soldiers , among them three generals and 11 colonels , were sacked as part of the scandal .
Defence Minister Santos , who is likely to run for the presidency in 2010 , then stated that the problems had been resolved and that the human rights abuses would be stopped .
However last week he admitted that a student , Arnobis Negrete Villadiego , had been snatched off the streets of Monteria in Cordoba on Christmas Day .
The corpse of the 18 - year - old appeared a day later , presented as a member of a drug - trafficking gang killed in combat .
Military defended
But the minister insists that the situation is not as bad as the media is making out .
" We have discovered that there are many false denunciations , many people that want to present legitimate killings in combat , terrorists , guerrillas , as extrajudicial executions , in order to stain the good name of our military institutions , " said Mr Santos .
President Uribe has said the same thing , insisting that elements linked to the guerrillas are using the false positives to undermine military morale .
" We have to be the first to denounce that many people , using the [ false positives scandal ] , have made false accusations , to try to paralyse the action of the security forces against the terrorists , " the president declared .
The scandal is having international implications .
Governments recoil
The British government has now diverted part of its aid to the Colombian military to other programmes that could have no links to the false positives , explained Alan Campbell , of the UK's Home Office , who visited Bogota this week .
The White House is also studying the aid package known as Plan Colombia , which has delivered more than $ 6bn ( £ 4bn ) in mainly military aid since 1999 .
Sources in the US embassy in Bogota said that it is likely to be cut , or at best have funding directed away from the military and into social investment programmes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a day old but it deserves a nod .
It 's always nice to see a positive story about a fighter make the news and not a high speed chase or whatever .
From WWOT :
An Ultimate Fighting Championship light heavyweight from Omaha discovered a child left alone in an unlocked car , and sprang into action .
Houston Alexander , a mixed martial artist stayed with the girl until she was safe .
...
He took the girl into a nearby dialysis center , but no one there knew who she was .
Alexander then took the girl into the plasma center next door .
The girl 's mother was there , giving plasma .
She told officers her cousin should have been watching the little girl .
The thing about Houston is that I 've heard so many people say SO many good things about him .
We all know the stories about what he did for his kid , but I 've always seen him talked about as a guy who gives plenty of time to the fans , especially kids .
It 's probably the biggest reason I 'd like to see him get a few tailor made fights and wins in the UFC .
I 'd be hard pressed to name someone I want to see succeed more than Houston Alexander .
The anticipation is palpable , sure , but those hoping for a Steve Jobs comeback at this year 's WWDC should be prepared for disappointment .
Apple just affirmed that this year 's Worldwide Developers Conference will indeed kick off on Monday , June 8th , and the keynote address will be given at 10:00 AM PT ( so 1:00 PM here on the right coast , and 7:00 AM on the gorgeous isle of Maui ) .
The big news , however , is n't that we 'll be there live for every last word ( ' cause you already knew that , yes ? ) -- it 's that Philip Schiller and company , Apple 's senior vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing , will be manning the address , offering devs an " in -depth " look at iPhone OS 3.0 and OS X Snow Leopard .
In fact , attendees can expect a " final Developer Preview release " of the forthcoming OS , but you 'll have to wait a few weeks yet to get details beyond that .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A 72 - year - old former State Department employee and his 71 - year - old wife have been arrested and charged with illegally aiding the government of Cuba for nearly 30 years , the Department of Justice announced Friday .
Walter Kendall Myers retired from the State Department in October 2007 .
Walter Kendall Myers and his wife , Gwendolyn Myers , were charged with conspiracy to act as illegal agents of the Cuban government , providing classified information to that government , and wire fraud , according to court documents unsealed in Washington .
The couple appeared briefly Friday before a federal magistrate in Washington , who ordered them held without bail pending a detention hearing Wednesday .
Judge John Facciolo agreed with prosecutors that the couple might try to flee the country if not held .
They were arrested late Thursday , the Justice Department said .
The State Department is n't clear at this stage on what information the Myerses may have passed to their Cuban handlers , according to a senior State Department official , who said that such information would come out of a full damage assessment .
" We were confident " at the time of Kendall Myers ' retirement , the official said , that he had been passing information to Cuban intelligence .
Diplomatic security officials " let it go for a while " to see what information might emerge .
The official said Myers was an " upper - level civil service employee . "
He was a European analyst at the Bureau of Intelligence and Research and " had come up in the ranks , " the official said .
The official also said it was unclear whether Myers acted for financial reasons , but a law enforcement official said the couple 's primary motive was not money .
The couple were " true believers " in the Cuban system , the official said .
" The abuses of our system , the lack of decent medical system , the oil companies and their undisguised indifference to public needs , the complacency about the poor , the utter inability of those who are oppressed to recognize their own condition , " Myers wrote in a diary quoted in the federal affidavit .
" Have the Cubans given up their personal freedom to get material security ?
Nothing I have seen yet suggests that , " he wrote .
" I can see nothing of value that has been lost by the revolution .
The revolution has released enormous potential and liberated the Cuban spirit . "
Although they were paid for " expenses " by the Cuban government , most of their funds , including a half - million dollar brokerage account , may be largely from Myers ' government salary , the official said .
However , the government intends to move to seize money derived from his employment on the basis that it was obtained as a fraud , because he was really working against the U.S. government .
The indictment , made public Friday , says Kendall Myers , known to Cuban intelligence as Agent 202 , and Gwendolyn Myers , known as Agent 123 and Agent E-634 , engaged in activities " which spanned nearly three decades . "
Conviction on the wire fraud charge would carry a sentence of up to 20 years , illegally acting as an agent of a foreign government would carry a sentence of up to 10 years , and the conspiracy charge would carry a sentence of up to five years .
A Justice Department official said counterespionage agents had gathered information on the Myerses and set up an April 15 meeting at which an FBI undercover agent convinced the couple that he had been contacted by Cuban intelligence and was to ascertain the scope of their activities .
They fell for the ruse , the department said .
The court documents say the couple disclosed that they had received coded messages via shortwave radio , had met with Cuban agents in Mexico and had been carefully watching for any sign of U.S. surveillance .
An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers had first traveled to Cuba in 1978 , and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .
Six months later , Myers and his wife agreed to work for the Cuban service .
After the April 15 meeting , the Myerses are said to have agreed to provide the undercover agent with information on the April 17 - 19 Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago , which President Obama attended .
Kendall Myers confided to the undercover agent that he had received a " lot of medals " from the Cuban government for his work and that he and his wife spent an evening with Fidel Castro in 1995 .
The affidavit quotes Kendall Myers as telling the agent that he typically removed information from the State Department by memory or by taking notes -- although he did occasionally take some documents home -- and had delivered information that was classified " secret . "
Myers retired from the State Department on October 31 , 2007 .
He had viewed more than 200 classified reports on Cuba in his final months , even though he was at the time an analyst working on European issues , the court document said .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .
All About Cuba • Espionage and Intelligence
LOS ANGELES , June 12 ( Reuters ) -
There have been 16 unpublicized cases of HIV among porn actors since a 2004 outbreak made headlines , Los Angeles health officials said on Friday , a disclosure that was likely to raise new concerns about AIDS in the adult film industry .
The revelation came in response to a request for information by the Los Angeles Times , which reported that an unidentified actress had tested positive last week .
The adult film industry had said it was the first case since the 2004 outbreak , the Times reported .
In fact 22 performers have tested positive , including last week 's case and five in 2004 , according to the numbers released by the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health .
Since the 2004 outbreak , in which a male star infected three actresses and another performer also tested positive , the $ 12 - billion - a - year U.S. adult film industry has required regular testing by porn actors .
Most of that testing is conducted by the Adult Industry Medical Healthcare Foundation , which issues work certificates to the performers who test negative .
The unnamed actress first tested positive for HIV on June 4 and worked the following day before taking second and third tests , according to the Times .
The second test was also positive and results of the third were pending , according to AIM Healthcare .
" AIM Healthcare has never been cooperative with us and our investigations , " Dean Fryer , a spokesman for the state Division of Occupational Safety and Health , told the paper , adding that the clinic had refused to name the actress or her employer .
In a statement on its website , AIM Healthcare said it was still awaiting " final confirmation " that the actress was positive for HIV .
The porn industry , which is largely centered in the San Fernando Valley suburbs of Los Angeles , includes about 200 production companies that employ about 1,200 actors , the Times said .
Since 2004 , 1,357 porn performers have tested positive for gonorrhea and 15 for syphilis , according to county health data cited by the Times .
Excellente campagne pour l’opérateur de téléphonie Airtel par l’agence Rediffusion Y&R Gurgaon en Inde .
Une belle exécution sur des photographies de Tarun Vishwa et autour du concept :
“ Ne perdez pas vos contacts lorsque vous faites tomber votre téléphone ” .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Regional banks in North Carolina , Kansas and Georgia were closed by state regulators Friday , bringing the total number of failed banks this year to 40 , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation said .
The 24 branches of Wilmington , N.C. - based Cooperative Bank will reopen Monday as branches of First Bank , which is based in Troy , N.C .
Cooperative bank had assets of $ 970 million and total deposits of approximately $ 774 million .
First Bank will assume all of the failed bank 's deposits and agreed to purchase $ 942 million of its assets .
In Kansas , First National Bank of Anthony , which operated 6 branches - including two under the name of First National Bank of Johnson County - will be taken over by Bank of Kansas .
Bank of Kansas , which is based in South Hutchinson , acquired all of First National Bank of Anthony 's $ 156.9 million deposits .
It also purchased the bulk of the failed bank 's $ 156.9 million worth of assets .
Meanwhile , the five branches of Southern Community Bank , which is based in Fayetteville Ga. , will become part of United Community Bank of Blairsville .
It was the seventh bank to fail in Georgia this year .
United Community
Bank paid a premium of 1 % to acquire all of the of the $ 307 million deposits held in the failed bank .
It also agreed to purchase approximately $ 364 million of assets .
The assets not purchased by the acquiring banks will be retained by the FDIC and sold later .
The FDIC said it entered into a " loss - share transaction " with the acquiring banks for a portion of the assets belonging to the failed banks .
The arrangement is designed to maximize returns on the assets covered by keeping them in the private sector , the FDIC said .
" Under the loss sharing agreement the FDIC will reimburse United Community Bank for losses on Southern Community Bank 's loans and foreclosed properties , " said Jimmy Tallent , president and chief executive of United Community Banks , in a statement .
The total cost of Friday 's bank failures to the FDIC is $ 203 million , bringing the total for this year to $ 11.53 billion .
That compares with $ 17.6 billion in all of 2008 .
So far this year , the number of bank failures has already exceeded last year 's total of 25 , with an average of nearly 7 failures per month .
The FDIC expects roughly $ 70 billion in losses due to the failures of insured institutions over the next 5 years .
The FDIC , which is funded primarily by fees paid by banks , insures individual deposits up to $ 250,000 .
The amount was increased from $ 100,000 late last year in response to concerns about the stability of the nation 's banks .
The Obama Administration unveiled a highly - anticipated new plan to overhaul how banks and other firms are regulated in the hope of preventing another financial collapse .
Under the new proposal , the FDIC and other regulators would have more power to take over and unwind troubled financial companies beyond banks .
The plan would also , among other things , expand the powers of the Federal Reserve and create a new agency dedicated to consumer protection .
The days of drawers full of chargers for mobile phones you no longer use could soon be over after manufacturers agreed to use a universal model .
Ten companies including Apple , LG , Motorola , Nokia and Sony Ericsson have signed up to offer the charger , which will be based on a Micro - USB connector .
Currently , when consumers buy a mobile phone they are provided with a new charger even if the old one still works .
The European commission had asked companies to work on harmonising chargers in the EU in a bid to cut down on waste .
It said unused chargers amounted to thousands of tonnes of electronic waste a year and was threatening legislation unless a voluntary deal was reached .
The EU industry commissioner , Günter Verheugen , said he was pleased with the agreement , which would make life much simpler for consumers .
" They will be able to charge mobile phones anywhere from the new common charger .
This also means considerably less electronic waste because people will no longer have to throw away chargers when buying new phones , " he said .
Talks between the phone firms and commission officials produced a " Memorandum of Understanding " indicating that the first generation of " inter - chargeable " mobile phones will reach the EU market from 2010 .
The agreement says that in future harmonised chargers will improve energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption .
They should also give mobile users an " easier life " , cutting costs by removing the likelihood of needing a new charger to go with a new mobile phone , and by foregoing the need to hunt all over the house for the correct charger .
Audrey Gallacher , customer relations expert for the UK consumer watchdog Consumer Focus , welcomed the move .
" Industry has chosen to do the right thing for their customers by introducing a common phone charger , " she said .
" This is a sensible solution to an everyday gripe for mobile phone users , which will reduce frustration and confusion for consumers as well as cutting down on waste products . "
Conservative MEP Malcolm Harbour said common sense had prevailed .
" This agreement will also encourage more chargers to be recycled , preventing electronic waste .
Mobile phone companies should consider whether a new charger is now needed with every handset if there is a possibility that an old one can be recycled .
" It is particularly welcome that the commission was able to reach agreement with the industry without introducing new regulation . "
The new charger will only work with data enabled phones but the commission said it expected most phones bought from 2010 will be compatible .
Kim Jong -un , the heir apparent to North Korean leader Kim Jong - il , reportedly has been caught in mid assassination attempt .
According to South Korean media citing Chinese government sources , the 26 - year - old was trying to kill Kim Jong - nam , the first son in the lineage , after first doing away with his older half brother ’s top aides .
The Chosen Ilbo :
Close aides of Kim Jong - un , the 26 - year - old third son and heir apparent of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il , last week attempted to assassinate the leader ’s first son Jong - nam , KBS reported Monday citing Chinese government sources .
Aides to Kim Jong - un planned to assassinate Jong - nam , who lives in Macau , after first eliminating his close aides in North Korea .
The sources said , “ It seems they tried to assassinate Kim Jong - nam without telling Kim Jong - il . ”
Read More
Vuze , maker of one of the most popular BitTorrent clients ( formerly named Azureus ) , hoped to dispel the myth that peer - to - peer users are poor , freeloading , antisocial misfits , so it commissioned a survey into the demographic makeup of Vuze users .
What it found was that Vuze users are in fact freeloaders when it comes to buying digital content online — shocking , we know — but that they are actually " Hollywood 's best customers " when it comes to spending money offline .
Frank Magid Associates conducted the survey , looking at 693 American Vuze users and 606 American Internet users , all aged 18 - 44 .
The most surprising result was that , when surveyed about their moviegoing behavior , Vuze users bought far more movie tickets , rented more films , and bought more DVDs than did the general Internet population .
In a typical year , Vuze users attended eight films in the theater ; a typical Internet user went to six .
Vuze users rented nine movies a year ; non -P2P users rented seven .
And Vuze users — who clearly know about P2P and have no problem putting it to use — actually purchase 16 DVDs a year .
Typical Internet users buy only 13 .
Data source : Frank Magid Associates
I spoke with Vuze CEO Gilles BianRosa about the results .
His take is that P2P users are " Hollywood 's best customers , and that 's clearly something that we do n't think that Hollywood is very aware of . "
When I note that the study does n't include online content , a huge potential source of revenue as DVDs continue to decline , BianRosa admits that P2P users just do n't buy much online content .
He does n't need a study to know it , either .
But the real problem " might not be piracy , " he says .
Build it ( right ) and they will come
The survey shows that BitTorrenteers are n't averse to spending their money on content .
What might make them value something like DVDs when they can grab online copies free of charge ?
BianRosa says it 's clearly about the value proposition ; films are typically encumbered with DRM , are difficult to move between screens , and are priced too high .
DVDs , despite their own use of DRM , provide users with much greater control over content .
When online offerings are priced just as high , come with more restrictions and less box art and extras , they do n't look like a good deal .
DRM is " not effective at curbing piracy , " says BianRosa .
Once one copy is out , that 's it , and DRM therefore has the " perverse effect " of bothering the legal users more than the illegal ones .
The music industry ( perhaps too late ) has realized its similar mistake .
It has given up on most DRM , is working with music startups like Spotify , licenses far more widely ( see eMusic 's new deal with Sony ) , and is generally becoming " more reasonable " about conditions .
Hollywood , though , has n't been quick enough to learn the lessons of the music business , says BianRosa ; there 's still a " lack of experimentation " around movie offerings , with sites like Hulu serving as notable exceptions .
With P2P customers ready to spend their money on movies , BianRosa argues that studios should tone down the focus on piracy and start tinkering with their offerings until they hit on models that work as well online as DVDs have worked offline .
Listing image by Wikimedia Commons
Self - help can be no help by Ed Halliwell , The Guardian , 15 July 2009 Source : http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/belief/2009/jul/15/self-help-positive-thinking
Quick fixes often make the underlying problems worse .
Letting go of the desire for self - improvement is the answer London , UK -- " Start each day by affirming peaceful , contented and happy attitudes and your days will tend to be pleasant and successful " .
So wrote Norman Vincent Peale , author of the 1952 bestseller , The Power of Positive Thinking .
Peale 's prescription for contentment has been regurgitated and recycled in thousands of self - help books over the past half - century , but despite a never - ending avalanche of sales , the alluringly simple " think happy - be happy " formula has n't made much of a dent in mental suffering .
According to the World Health Organisation , depression is set to be the planet 's second biggest cause of disability by 2020 .
Now , a study published in Psychological Science confirms what many people have discovered from personal experience – not only do crude positive thinking techniques often fail , but for some they can be counterproductive .
Researchers at the University of Waterloo in Ontario evaluated people 's self - esteem levels before and after they were asked to repeat typical mantras such as , " I am a loveable person " , and found that while the affirmations helped those who already felt good about themselves , they made subjects with low self - worth feel even worse .
For those of us weary of what psychiatrist Jimmie Holland calls the " tyranny of positive thinking " , these results are more likely to boost our mood than ploughing through The Secret .
It 's not that optimism is a bad thing ( it is n't ) , or that cultivating cheerfulness can't lead to a happier experience of life ( it can ) , but in their eagerness to sell blanket positivity as a surefire cure for gloom , the self - help gurus miss out on a crucial first step to transformation – a willingness to accept your current circumstances .
Viewed from a Buddhist angle , self - help is an oxymoron .
Any technique designed to bolster the self is bound to lead to more , not less suffering , because clinging to ego is considered the source of anguish in the first place .
However , when we let go of the desire for self –improvement , we can relax with the mind instead of badgering it into well–being .
By surrendering the battle with neurotic fixations , paradoxically they start to fall away , or at very least , the space created by dropping the struggle makes them seem less powerful , and loom less large .
Mature spiritual traditions tend to be good at developing this spacious mindset .
Magnificent architecture , inspiring liturgies , and a community of practitioners dedicated to discovering ultimate reality , are reminders to expand beyond concerns about the self and see them in a panoramic perspective ( to be " a grain of sand with gigantic eyes " as Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche once put it ) .
But neither is it a preserve of the religious – Richard Dawkins has written movingly of the awe to be experienced when opening up to a vast and wonderful natural world .
Crude positive thinking on the other hand , and self –help in general , tends towards the small–minded .
Spawned in our materialist , consumerist culture , it locates problems and solutions within the tight confines of the individual ( me , me , me ! ) .
This ignores the fact that our circumstances , and our thought patterns , are part of a wider set of causes and conditions – genetics , family history , social and economic situation , the existential limitations of birth , ageing , sickness and death – over which we may have little or no control .
By telling people they can take full and immediate charge of their lives with a bit of early morning mental jiu - jitsu , advocates of positive thinking end up making some people feel even more frustrated – adding the guilt of failure to depression .
The authors of the Ontario study came to just that conclusion .
Affirmations which fly in the face of facts , or negative perception of the facts , cruelly highlight the contrast between how some people would like to feel and how they actually feel .
This then become another stick for self - flagellation , a reminder of all the ways in which that person feels inadequate .
Perhaps this is why the most promising new psychological treatments focus less on positive thinking and self –improvement , but on developing qualities such as acceptance , mindful awareness , wisdom and compassion .
Indeed , out of five evidence - based recommendations for mental health made in the government 's Foresight report last autumn , four could be considered recastings of traditional " spiritual " values – " Connect " ( love others ) , " Keep Learning " ( develop wisdom ) , " Take Notice " ( meditate ) , and " Give " ( be charitable ) .
Whether you decide to view these strategies as spiritual is irrelevent – they lead to wellbeing irrespective of your take on the existence of God or the hereafter .
With his books Turning The Mind into An Ally , and Ruling Your World , Buddhist teacher Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche joked that he was trying to start a new publishing genre – " other - help " – to rival the mountains of ego–fuelling , Peale copycats stacked up at WH Smith and Waterstones .
Clearly the genre has yet to takeoff , but the growing popularity of authors grounded in the acceptance approach ( Pema Chödron , for example ) suggests that more people are realising their minds cannot be cajoled into confidence by growling " I'm A Tiger " in front of the mirror .
You are the creator of your own reality
I do not see myself as a religious person .
I do not actively practise any religion , and I put no value in the fact that I chose to go through the rituals of both baptism and confirmation in the Danish protestant church .
I do however , know some people who , although they do not practise a specific religion , characterise themselves as religious .
About a year ago , I was for the first time introduced to the book " Conversation with God " by Neale Donald Walsch .
It is the first of a series of books in which Walsch asks questions and God answers .
I immediately liked the book .
The style is straightforward , the chapters are short , it is written in colloquial English , and even though I disbelieve and even disagree with many of the facts and arguments presented in the book , I must say that I love the recurring theme and message :
In my opinion it is a message that you can embrace or deny , regardless of your overall conception of religion or belief .
If you read it , please tell me what you think .
Illustration courtesy : de-conversion.com
Labels : belief , book , church , conversation , God , religion
Why minimalist software wins at workflow June 26 , 2009
Recently I ’ve been evaluating software to help support agile / scrum development on our team , and ideally to roll into our NASA Code product for others to use .
We ’re already married to Trac , so we ’ve been playing with Agilo and are looking at some of the other agile plugins for Trac .
Unfortunately they ’re all so heavyweight , despite some that claim not to be .
I came back to a realization I ’m sure a lot of us have had : most software sucks .
Especially software that ’s intended to augment some real - life process .
When asking Timothy Fitz ( my insight into the amazing continuous improvement processes used at IMVU ) about recommendations on agile tools , he said : “ a board and post-its ( seriously ) ”
This is part of the reason most enterprise software sucks so terribly .
Enterprise is about lots of real - life process and workflow , and given that process augmentation software even in small doses generally sucks , large amounts of it will suck exponentially .
A lot of us have learned that less software is more effective .
One major attraction of Trac was their goal of staying out of the way through minimalism .
The trick with minimalism , in general , is knowing what ’s actually important — the essence of the message or design .
This is a big part of my design process .
Asking , “ How can I fold these requirements into fewer features and UI ? ” instead of directly implementing a feature for every requirement .
The other thing about minimalism is that , like abstraction ( another form of compression ) , everything you leave in the design makes such a huge difference .
In programming , when you make abstractions , you ’re deciding what you can assume .
This means abstractions can go in different directions depending on the assumption requirements of what ’s going to use the abstraction .
The risk with minimalist software is that a simple design choice can drastically change the direction of the abstraction and make or break whether the software fits your needs .
Luckily , minimalism buys you a sort of abstraction that can enable projection .
By this I mean that users can project their actual process and workflow onto the software .
If it does n’t have features that impose a particular process , users are free to do what works for them .
This is why wikis are so powerful .
Coming back to Timothy ’s “ a board and post- its ” remark , why do you even need software ?
If you can do it without software , why would you want to bring software in to slow things down ?
Software does have a couple strengths .
First , it encodes process in way that means you can automate parts of it .
Nobody has to worry about manually typesetting when using a word processor .
Second , it persists and organizes information that would normally be lost in handwritten notes , or worse , somebody ’s head .
The trick is getting these advantages without getting in the way .
A naive approach to software design is thinking that perfectly modeling a system , such as your development process , is the way to good software .
I used to think this .
It sounds great because then you can programmatically reason about every aspect of the system .
But in the real - world , no two systems are exactly alike .
In fact , a given system can change quite a bit in its lifetime .
So there ’s really no point to modeling systems with that kind of precision .
However , I ’m seeing a lot of this in agile / scrum software .
Requirements have stories , stories have tasks , organized into iterations and releases .
CRUD for every noun mentioned in scrum .
This on top of abstractions in a direction different than we need .
Numbers where it does n’t really matter .
Nice pie chart breakdowns we ’ll rarely use .
Top it off with horrible UI , since with all these features there is n’t time to make them easy to use .
Honestly , Pivotal Tracker seems to have the best abstraction of agile .
It folds requirements , stories and tasks into just stories .
It automatically and dynamically creates iterations and calculates velocity .
It keeps you on a single page , keeping you focused on what ’s important .
Unfortunately , we ca n’t use Pivotal Tracker since we ’d need it on our servers and the licensing they offered does n’t scale if we want to essentially give it away as part of NASA Code .
It ’s likely I ’ll want to just start nudging Trac in the right direction using Pivotal Tracker as a model reference , pulling together code from Agilo and other plugins .
If there ’s one thing that complements minimalist design , it ’s an extension architecture , and Trac has an excellent plugin system .
Anyway , as far as augmenting process and workflow , I ’ve always liked the idea of starting with a wiki and lazily formalizing the process into custom software as needed .
As long as you can keep it under control , mind your requirement abstractions , and avoid writing too much software .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
The Digital Britain report advocates the latest step in the war against illegal downloaders , requiring ISPs to write them notification letters and monitor persistent offenders .
But what of the other side of the fight against piracy , the effort to win hearts and minds ?
If you 've watched a DVD in the past five years , you may well have seen an advert that sticks in your mind .
INDUSTRY INITIATIVES Film and TV : Knock - off Nigel campaign ( 2007 ) You Make the Movies cinema campaign ( 2009 ) Screenthing website for children Film Education : Material for schools Music : BPI / Virgin Media Notification Trial ( 2008 ) Pro-Music information campaign ( 2008 )
Instant messaging campaign to uploaders ( 2004 ) Childnet : Child website safety site Cartoonishly raucous music plays as a girl sits in her bedroom downloading a film .
" You would n't steal a car " a caption flashes as a leather jacketed man interferes with a black Mercedes in a side street .
" You would n't steal a handbag " flashes another caption .
Then it 's " you would n't steal a TV " .
" You would n't steal a movie " flashes yet another message as a man slips a DVD into his suede jacket .
The advert concludes with : " Downloading pirated films is stealing .
Piracy .
It 's a crime . "
For the duration you may be jabbing the skip button on your remote .
It is n't working .
Someone really wants you to watch this .
Perhaps you leave to make a cup of tea until it 's finished , perhaps you stay and really soak it in .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Browse on YouTube and you 'll see the advert has been parodied many times over .
" There have been over 100 parodies , " says sociologist Dr Matthew David , co-author of The Impossibility of Technical Security : Intellectual property and the paradox of informational capitalism .
Perhaps the best known comes from Channel 4 sitcom
The IT Crowd , where the message is taken to a ridiculous conclusion - " you would n't kill a policeman " .
The advert was seen as successful by many in the industry , among other things for the way it stuck in people 's minds , but eventually it had to be superseded , says Eddy Leviten , head of communication at the Federation Against Copyright Theft .
HOW MANY DOWNLOAD ?
Research for BPI suggests in 2009 12 m people involved in some form of illegal music downloading Survey done by Human Capital found 61 % of 15 - 24 year - olds did not feel they should have to pay for music
And 70 % feel no guilt about downloading music for nothing Pew Internet survey showed 75 % of teenage music downloaders aged 12 - 17 agreed " file - sharing is so easy to do , it 's unrealistic to expect people not to do it " " If you paid for a DVD why should you have to sit through adverts that say you might be a criminal ?
At the time it was effective .
Pretty much everyone has seen it . "
The issue , Dr David suggests , is that with the failure of Digital Rights Management or criminal and civil enforcement to stem the tide of illegal downloading , the intellectual property industries are engaging in a battle for hearts and minds as a last throw of the die .
In some areas they may not have got it quite right in the past .
One is the use of the word " piracy " itself .
" There is a cachet around piracy , " Dr David says .
Indeed , one of the most cannibalised advertising logos of all time came in a 1980s campaign from the BPI , the trade body of the British music industry .
The stark black and white image showed a stylised skull and crossbones made out of an audiotape , with the legend " HOME TAPING IS KILLING MUSIC " accompanied by the smaller subheading " and it 's illegal " has been parodied to the nth degree .
Spot the cassette and crossbones
The notorious Swedish website , The Pirate Bay , has as its logo a sailing ship with the home taping skull and crossbones on the mainsail .
" A lot of people criticised it , but my , it had legs , " says Richard Mollet , director of public affairs at the BPI .
And there is similar attitude within the film industry to the advert known to many as " you would n't steal a handbag " , made by the Motion Picture Association of America in 2004 for worldwide use in a host of languages .
Now , the film and TV industry 's anti-piracy drive has gone off down different avenues in different countries .
In the UK , the emphasis is on achieving an " attitudinal change " using more subtle means .
Poster for NHS Smokefree campaign
Enlarge Image
The PR agency Blue Rubicon specialises in this field , typically advising on health campaigns such as the clown smokefree message pictured right .
Now it is helping the UK film and television industry in " attaching social stigma " to illegal downloading .
" Absolutely , campaigns can change hearts and minds , " says Blue Rubicon director Gordon Tempest - Hay .
" If you do them right you can make a material impact on people 's behaviour .
Drink driving , anti-tobacco , even going back to the old clunk click [ seatbelt campaign ] . "
The result of Blue Rubicon 's work is the " knock - off Nigel " campaign .
The avoidance of the word " piracy " in the adverts is significant .
" Knock off is grubby , you have got something a bit rubbish , " says Mr Tempest - Hay .
ATTITUDINAL CHANGE RULES
No finger - wagging Find point of emotional engagement Simple steps to right behaviour Make ght behaviour more aspirational than wrong behaviour Make it personally relevant Source : Blue Rubicon
And there certainly is an attitude to change .
A lot of people in the UK download illegally .
A recent report by the Strategic Advisory Board on Intellectual Property picked up on the work of US criminologists Sameer Hinduja and Jason Ingram , who have adapted the theory of " neutralisation " to explain why many young people have no problem with infringing copyright .
" Much deviance by young people happens despite knowing what they are doing is wrong , " says criminologist Dr Richard Jones , author of Entertaining Code : File Sharing , Digital Rights Management Regimes , and Criminological Theories of Compliance .
A campaign counting the human cost
Of course , there are plenty , even among the young , who can be eloquent about why they believe illegal downloading is not wrong .
These can include everything from what they see as the unacceptable " control freakery " of DRM and regional coding , to overcharging and exploitation of the very artists the music industry claims to protect .
In the US the " Think First , Copy Later " educational campaign has been criticised by the Electronic Frontier Foundation for intimidating and misinforming children .
But the educational material provided by the film and music industries in the UK is extremely subtle , only occasionally alluding to piracy , as it attempts to explain how the industry works .
" There is no lecturing or hectoring going on at all , " says Ian Wall director of Film Education .
' NEUTRALISATION ' THEORY
Denial of responsibility : factors apparently beyond individual 's control come into play eg : urgent need for software Denial of injury or victim : no one suffers from one 's actions Condemning the condemners : assuming those against a behaviour engage in their own kinds of unauthorised activities , or somehow deserve any damage they sustain eg : loss of earnings Appeal to higher loyalties : such as obtaining unauthorised material to help family member Source : Sameer Hinduja and Jason Ingram Children are supposed to gently arrive at the conclusion that if creativity is good , and content is valued , then copyright infringement may be wrong .
And for all the doubts about whether campaigning can change attitudes , those in the industry are confident .
Research done for the British Video Association from 2007 to 2009 suggested illegal downloading would be 5 % worse if it was n't for the industry 's campaigning .
Enforcement and tighter regulations are a big part of the industry 's efforts , but much weight will be on educating the next generation of downloaders to behave themselves .
And in the future DVD viewers can expect adverts that are a little less annoying .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I do resent having to sit through anti-piracy adverts on genuine DVDs that I own and paid for .
The irritation is such that you almost wish you had a pirated DVD as that would , ironically , NOT contain the annoying advert !
Disney has the right idea with their anti-piracy warnings , highlighting the dubious quality you would get with a knock off rather than pushing the " illegal " angle .
I would rather see people taking pride in quality than feeling criminalised by an advert .
And the human cost of pirated DVDs is Jonathan Ross , eh ?
Who would have thought ?
Martin , Bristol , UK I 'm happy to pay and always have been .
The problem is that the price is too high .
How is it that a download requiring no disc no cover sleeve no transport or shop labour can cost the same as a hard copy bought in a shop ?
All that has happened is my interest in music and films is stifled .
I do n't download legally or illegally .
Fiona , Edinburgh
The distinction blurs between stealing from a company and disagreeing with its greedy business model .
The business model of charging a high price for popular intellectual property is unmaintainable and needs correcting eg : musicians in countries with lots of free copying do more live concerts with demand fuelled by the copies .
Other business models include : sponsorship , advertising , spin offs , merchandising .
Or encourage " correct " purchasing by special offers , personalization , inclusions , special access .
Instead of talking about morality , smart companies should be thinking up new ways to separate us from our money .
Ludwig , London
These campaigns are a very noble cause .
They 're trying to fight counterfeiting .
Counterfeiting is a serious crime .
It takes massive organisation and capital to sustain a counterfeiting ring - 99 times of 100 , counterfeits are made from a purchased original .
Counterfeits are sold on the black market , and sometimes are passed as originals .
Counterfeiting rings are usually run by organised crime such as mafia .
Other types of criminals such as human traffickers and drug dealers sometimes get into the counterfeiting business .
These criminals will counterfeit anything from DVD movies to perfume to expensive purses to pharmaceuticals .
What I want to know is , what has any of that to do with downloading music and movies on the internet ?
Jptech , Miami , FL , US
If only I had the bandwidth to download knock - off films .
The biggest thing the industry has done to combat piracy and downloading has been the cheap DVD .
Every so often you can pick up a classic for £ 3 , even some recent films .
I like having the packaging and having something tangible .
Some people may think the pirates are providing a service by getting rid of the unskippable anti-piracy ads and trailers .
For some reason the content publishers seem to want to punish their customers .
How about in the future we get movies without adverts - that would be much less annoying .
John Ferguson , Ballymena , UK
The record industry might be better advised to put its own house in order first , not tying artists to crippling contracts and considering a more realistic pricing and distribution strategy for its products , before pursuing 15 - year - olds sharing files from their bedrooms .
Des Senior , Ware , UK Should somebody tell the man in the video that he 's holding his flute the wrong way with his right hand ?
Katie , UK
It 's unlawful to copy a CD or DVD onto an iPod in the UK yet nobody suggests young people should not do this .
Why is this still unlawful in 2009 ?
Because the minister in charge of IP is the third one in the space of a year .
The current one , David Lammy , is a schools and education specialist with no background or real passion in this area .
The government needs to take a strong lead and resolve some of these difficult areas before the creative industry in the UK dies a death .
Adrian Dicker , London Sharing digital information , ideas , knowledge , and culture is not wrong , and should not be illegal .
We in the Pirate Party United Kingdom are campaigning for copyright reform and a reduction in the duration of copyright .
We also believe that non-commercial sharing of media by private individuals should not be a matter for copyright law .
Commercial counterfeiting is a different matter , as it involves deception and fraud by the seller , and an actual financial transaction with measurable harm - private copying or format - shifting does not .
John Barron , Ely , United Kingdom
I do n't buy many DVDs and I 've never pirated one but that film brought me as close as it was possible to .
It annoys me every time I play a DVD that a ' pirate ' is getting on with watching his film while I 'm waiting for access to what I 've paid for .
John , Worthing
The problem with the Knock - off Nigel campaign is it 's instantly outdated viewpoint .
Whereas in the 80s this may have worked with the low quality bootleg videos that were your standard pirate copy , the technology today produces DVD quality that is an exact replica of the original , so the ' grubbiness ' factor is severely reduced and the campaign weakened .
It shows no understanding of modern ' piracy ' so I just do n't see it having an impact .
Paul Duthie , Disley , UK I legally bought a DVD in a museum in Montreal and arrived home in Switzerland to discover that it would n't play in Europe .
I was furious , and I still am .
Stealing copyright material is clearly wrong , but the industry is certainly not winning hearts and minds with tricks like this .
It needs a new business model .
David , Commugny , Switzerland
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
David Letterman joined Tina Fey as a member of Sarah Palin 's supporting cast last week .
The Alaska governor , who is nothing if not resourceful , worked up an Oprah - esque feud with the television host over crude jokes Letterman told at Palin 's expense .
It was a good deal for both parties .
Letterman got cheap laughs and attention ; Palin got a fresh supply of umbrage — and attention .
Palin is both comfortable and adept at these tabloid squabbles — certainly more than she seems ever likely to be in a substantive environment .
Parrying political opponents about policy , or responding to serious queries about the state of the world is just not what Palin does .
Even her attacks on President Obama have a canned quality , something along the lines of ... " socialism , yadda yadda yadda . "
She leaves the details to Romney or Huckabee or perhaps next week 's guest star .
By contrast , Palin seems genuinely animated by her contests with late - night comedians and she is always well - versed in the subject matter , which is , in order :
1. Sarah Palin ;
2 . What the cultural elite thinks of Sarah Palin ;
3 . What her supporters properly understand about what the cultural elite thinks of Sarah Palin ;
4 . Why Sarah Palin , and people who identify with Sarah Palin , are correct to resent the cultural elite for what it thinks of Sarah Palin .
With other politicians , comedians occasionally connect personality to policy dots : Cheney to " enhanced interrogation , " Bush to the War on Terror , Obama to bailouts .
The late - night focus on Palin is overwhelmingly personal for a reason :
What else is there ?
True , Letterman 's joke about Palin's " slutty flight attendant " appearance would have been better targeted at John Edwards ( who is far easier to imagine peddling " coffee , tea , or me " ) .
But for all his self - destructive philandering and meticulous hair mussing , Edwards is still more than the sum of his narcissism .
He mastered a difficult profession — trial law — and made an effort to understand at least one complex issue in American society — poverty .
Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm shares a more Palinesque profile .
But the way their paths diverged is telling .
Granholm , like Palin , was once a local beauty queen .
She tried her hand at Hollywood and even appeared on The Dating Game in search of celebrity .
But when her Hollywood dream went bust , Granholm attended UC Berkeley , applied herself , and graduated Phi Beta Kappa .
She then went on to graduate with honors from Harvard Law School and build a career in law and politics .
Palin , on the other hand , still wants her celebrity straight , no chaser .
After her beauty queen days , she tried television news .
When that did n't pan out , there was never a period of buckling down .
She just found a different route to the spotlight .
Palin knows she has pizazz , and she 's sticking to it .
As long as the conventions of television enable it , her skillful deployment of attitude — charm , hurt , outrage , flirtatiousness — can substitute for answers .
It 's hard to argue with the results :
She has become a famous politician without actually mastering anything in particular .
That apparently includes politics itself .
Palin's on - again , off - again , on - again saga at the Republican Party 's June fundraiser in Washington suggests she does n't even tend to the fundamentals of the trade absent a camera .
After being offered the keynote speaking slot , she failed to confirm her acceptance and lost the high - profile job to Newt Gingrich .
Then , after saying she would n't attend , she showed up for the dinner anyway , alienating party operatives with her unpredictability and blame - shifting .
Her sparkle before the cameras covers for dysfunction offstage .
What she brings to the table is not a public agenda or a talent for executing someone else 's , but a self , via satellite and cable .
Ronald Reagan said " politics is just like show business . "
But Reagan used his showbiz shtick and ease before the camera to sell ideas — some of them consequential .
Palin 's showbiz is an endless , self - referential loop .
Her media bashing — whether she 's condemning Katie Couric for her rudimentary queries or extending the sell - by date on Letterman 's put - downs — is simply a means to reflect attention back on herself .
It 's a cost - free way of holding the spotlight a little longer , a chance to say something attention - grabbing without actually saying anything that matters .
" When politicians ... have no other aim than to sell their leadership to the public , " wrote Christopher Lasch in The Culture of Narcissism , " they deprive themselves of intelligible standards . "
The author was thinking of Nixon and Kennedy , two politicians at the dawn of the television age , for whom appearing " presidential " was a sometimes dangerous preoccupation .
But Lasch also warned of " the contagion of unintelligibility " represented by politicians whose sole focus is themselves .
Lasch did n't live to witness the prime time of Sarah Palin .
But you have to admire his foresight .
He saw her coming .
New research by a duo of French astronomers reveals that small perturbations in Mercury 's orbit could result in Mars literally getting the boot from our brotherhood of planets , being flung out of the solar system thanks to the dynamics of a chaotic system .
The equation that uses classical physics to describe how massive bodies interact is simple , but using it to describe how multiple bodies behave as a result of these forces is rather difficult .
It is known that two orbital bodies that begin as neighbors will increase the distance between themselves by an order of magnitude every 10 million years .
But the Solar System has a bit more than two bodies , and attempts to deterministically model it over long periods of time will become useless due to the chaotic behavior that underlies the dynamics .
Today 's issue of Nature will contain a letter that describes an attempt to predict some possible outcomes for various bodies in the Solar System on time scales that run out to 5 billion years .
Previous work that attempted to model the behavior of the Solar System over gigayear time scales was forced to average the equations of motion over the fast orbital motion of the planets , while ignoring the lunar contributions and general relativity .
This earlier work did find that , in a fraction of the scenarios , Mercury 's eccentricity became very high — an eccentricity of zero is a circle , whereas an eccentricity of one is a parabola — and collisions with Venus became possible within a 5 Gyr time frame .
Using a complex numerical integration scheme , along with the computing power of JADE , a supercomputer at the French National Computing Center , the authors calculated 2,501 orbital solutions using a complete model of the Solar System that included relativistic factors and lunar contributions .
All of the solutions started similarly , but differences arose from the size of Mercury 's semi-major axis , which was varied by 0.38 k mm from its current known value , where k ranged from - 1,250 to 1,250 .
These tiny changes resulted in huge effects for the Solar System as a whole .
A number of computations resulted in Mercury 's orbit collapsing and Mercury colliding with the Sun after about 4 Gyr .
In a run where the minor axis was shrunk by 812 mm ( 32in ) , Mercury slammed into Venus just after 1.7 Gyr .
In what the authors describe as their most interesting simulation — one where Mercury 's axis was decreased by 468 mm ( 18.4 in ) — Mars and Earth had a close encounter , passing within 794 km of one another .
Using this as an interesting starting point , the authors ran another series of 201 integrations where the semi-major axis of Mars was changed by up to 30 mm .
Within 100
Myr of starting these integrations , five of the simulations resulted in Mars being ejected from the solar system .
All of the remaining 196 cases resulted in various collisions between Earth , Mars , Venus , Mercury , and / or the Sun .
Out of the 2,500 runs that were performed , only about one percent resulted in a major disruptions in Mercury 's orbit .
This result is in agreement with prior works that had not taken general relativity or the lunar effects into account .
However , when Mercury 's orbit did become highly perturbed , large variations could occur , some of which saw disturbances in the dynamics of the entire inner Solar System — all of these using variances no larger than one meter .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08096
Listing image by Artistic design : J Vidal - Madjar ; planet textures from NASA ; copyright : IMCCE -CNRS
It ’s been a tough year for celebs thus far in 2009 and it ’s only half - way over .
I ’d like to believe things could n’t get much worse than what we ’ve seen in June , but strange has a way of following the rich and famous .
At least this is the last day of the month .
Maybe , just maybe , we can escape the day without another big name dropping .
I ’m bored , so I ’m going to mix things up here at ITI .
It ’s time to compare the recent spate of celebs who have kicked the bucket to some of our favorite NFL personalities .
Which players or coaches or owners size up to the career paths of these deceased icons ?
Let ’s take a look .
Join me after the jump ( continue ) for an episode of match game .
The Fallen Idol – Michael Jackson and Michael Vick
Geesh .
Have two guys who had the world as their oyster fallen faster or harder ?
Jackson went from the most famous pop star since Elvis to a freakish recluse enveloped in rumors about pedophilia .
Vick was the future of quarterbacking , an athlete of unparalleled skill .
Now , he ’s a pariah and the face of illegal dog fighting throughout the world .
The Fading Starlet – Farrah Fawcett and Brett Favre
I had a poster of Farrah on my wall when I was a teen .
She was considered one of the world ’s most beautiful women in the ’70s and ’ 80s .
Unfortunately , age and disease made her a shadow of her former self at the end .
Favre was the quarterback every kid idolized during the ’90s .
A gunslinger with a winning smile and quaint southern drawl .
Today , he ’s become a punchline as he desperately clings to the remnants of his once golden arm .
The Ultimate Salesman – Billy Mays and Jerry Jones
Mays lived and worked with unbridled enthusiasm and positivity .
He was a salesman ’s salesman .
Give him a box of turds and he ’d move a million units .
Jones too can sell just about anything , including the acquisition of locker room destroyers like TO and malcontents with a record like Pacman .
He ’s also been able to convince fans and the media that the Cowboys are still relevant despite having not won a playoff game since 1996 .
The Sidekick – Ed McMahon and Darren Sproles
McMahon was best known as being Johnny Carson ’s straight man for thirty years .
He was reliable , loyal and always came through when called upon .
Ed did n’t complain ; he just did his job .
Sproles has had to sit behind the likes of Michael Turner and LT during his four years in San Diego .
He runs , catches and returns kicks without a peep .
Will he ever be allowed to be the man ?
If not , he ’ll keep his crown as King of the Sidekicks .
The Wise Loner – David Carradine and Bill Belichick
Carradine played a Shaolin monk in Kung Fu and and a cold - blooded assassin in the Kill Bill flicks .
Talk about opposite ends of the spectrum .
The dude always seemed to be clouded in mystery , even in death .
Belichick is part zen master , part mad scientist .
Monosyllabic and irritable , Belichick could have easily been a monk or a killer instead of a head coach .
The Laughing Fatman – Dom DeLuise and Rex Ryan
I do n’t think I ever saw Dom without a smile on his face .
Whether yucking it up in Blazing Saddles or trading barbs with Burt Reynolds , DeLuise played the roly - poly funny man perfectly .
I ’m not sure why Rex Ryan seems so jocular .
He ’s coaching the Jets , right ?
I ’ll give Rex credit for having his old man ’s sense of humor .
He ’ll need it in the Big Apple spotlight .
Do n’t miss your daily fix of Eagles news .
Subscribe to ITI by clicking here .
Britain :
For a war crimes trial over Iraq invasion
20 June 2009
If Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s announcement of a new inquiry into the Iraq war was intended to bury questions over the contentious invasion , it has backfired .
Brown announced the fresh investigation earlier this week .
It will be the fifth inquiry touching on the Iraq war held since 2003 .
These include the Hutton inquiry into the circumstances behind the apparent suicide of leading weapons inspector David Kelly and the Butler inquiry into the intelligence used to justify the invasion .
All of these earlier inquiries dealt only with specific questions connected to the war , not with the war itself .
And all ended in a whitewash .
The claim is that this inquiry will be different .
It will cover the period from 2001 to the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq earlier this year .
But Brown stressed that its purpose “ will be to identify lessons learned .
The committee will not set out to apportion blame or consider issues of civil or criminal liability . ”
To this end , Brown said the inquiry — to be led by a committee of privy counselors headed by Sir John Chilcot — will take place behind closed doors , with the “ most secret of information ” withheld from the public on the grounds of “ national security . ”
Its findings will not be published until after the general election , due in March 2010 .
That Brown has been forced to convene another inquiry is symptomatic of the political crisis engulfing his government .
Not only has Labour forfeited popular support , it has also lost the backing of sections of the ruling elite who have run out of patience with its apparent inability to take the kind of decisive actions they believe are necessary .
Having acceded to an inquiry that for years it had opposed , Brown hoped to keep its deliberations under wraps .
Almost immediately , however , his plans began to unravel , and he is said to have conceded that some of the inquiry may have to be public .
Tory leader David Cameron , amongst others , criticized the wholly secretive character of the proposed inquiry , arguing that “ some proper public sessions ” must be “ part of the building of public confidence that is absolutely necessary . ”
The Conservative Party supported the Iraq invasion .
Cameron acknowledged that “ the Iraq conflict caused great division . ”
But , he continued , “ Things we can all unite over are the professionalism and the bravery of our Armed Forces , the service they gave to our country , and the debt we owe to all of those who lost their lives . ”
There have been broader complaints about the restricted character of Brown ’s proposal from others supportive of the war , including over the exclusion of military personnel from the deliberations .
Such criticisms of the government ’s secretive hearings have nothing to do with genuine democratic accountability .
For the powers - that - be , “ restoring ” the image of the British Army and “ learning the lessons ” of the Iraq war are essential to their long - term objectives .
The right - wing Telegraph agreed with Brown that the “ primary purpose of the inquiry must not be to ‘ apportion blame ’ . ”
But it editorialised that an examination of “ this costly foreign policy intervention ” was essential .
Most important was to draw the lessons from what it complains was the absence of any “ post - war plan , ” which led to the UK being drawn into an extended occupation .
“ With British forces deployed in Afghanistan for the foreseeable future , it is more vital than ever that we learn from the mistakes made in Iraq , ” it warned .
In the Guardian , Jonathan Steele postulated that there were two possible models for an inquiry .
One kind , “ and what many families of fallen British troops want — would seek to settle accounts by naming all those who took the key decisions , both officials as well as ministers .
Another type of inquiry would be aimed at lesson - learning , ” he wrote .
Steele continued , “ My own view is that an account - settling inquiry is not the best route to follow ....
It would give an essentially punitive air to proceedings and lead at best to buck - passing between officials and ministers , and at worst to a media - stimulated search for heads to roll . ”
For the Guardian commentator , “ The wider issue is to ensure that Britain enters no such ‘ war of choice ’ again . ”
In the Times , defence editor Michael Evans , expressed hope that the inquiry would examine “ at what stage did the Blair Government decide that removing Iraq ’s supposed weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) was no longer the only objective and that regime - change was the real aim ? ”
And what was really “ going on behind the scenes ” when — in face of opposition from France and Germany — the British government abandoned its attempts to secure a second United Nations resolution supporting an invasion .
“ War of choice , ” “ regime change , ” machinations “ behind the scenes ” ?
The use of such language points to the real issue — that the invasion and occupation of Iraq constituted acts of aggression , and that for all the talk about Saddam Hussein posing a grave danger to the world , the real practitioner of violence , death and destruction was US imperialism , aided by its British lickspittle .
Claims that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction served as the pretext for the drive by the US to offset its economic decline relative to its major rivals by utilizing America ’s superior military power to violently impose its geo-strategic interests in the oil - rich Middle East .
With the UK hoping for a share in the spoils , the political representatives of the financial oligarchy in the US and Britain hatched a conspiracy against both the oppressed peoples of the Middle East and their own populations .
Evidence already in the public domain shows that Prime Minister Tony Blair signed off in private on US war aims .
In public , however , his government doctored and manufactured intelligence reports on Iraq ’s supposed WMD .
In the face of widespread condemnation , Blair declared that the test of government was its ability to ignore the popular will .
In this , he had the support of virtually the entire political establishment and the media .
Estimates of the number of Iraqi lives lost as a consequence of the war and occupation are as high as 1 million .
Iraq has been reduced to rubble , its infrastructure largely destroyed , while millions have been turned into refugees and millions more face unemployment and grinding poverty .
Some 179 British service personnel and 4,315 US troops have been killed .
The cold fact for the British bourgeoisie , and the Labour government in particular , is that even an investigation aimed solely at “ lesson learning ” in preparation for future wars of conquest immediately opens the door for legal proceedings against the war ’s architects .
The prosecution of high - ranking Nazis at the end of the Second World War established that the deliberate commissioning of an aggressive war constituted a criminal violation of international law .
Indeed , this was the first charge leveled against the Nazi leadership .
As the International Tribunal convened in Nuremberg explained : “ To initiate a war of aggression ... is not only an international crime , it is the supreme international crime , differing from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole . ”
In the case of the Iraq war , this “ accumulated evil ” has found its malignant expression in mass killings , torture , “ extraordinary rendition , ” illegal detention and far - reaching attacks on basic democratic rights of the working class .
What is called for is not yet another government - sponsored inquiry into the Iraq war , but the assembling of a war crimes tribunal to prosecute Bush , Blair and their co-conspirators for their murderous actions .
This is not merely a matter of retribution against these individuals .
For crimes of this scale to go unpunished would have catastrophic implications for the political , social and moral life of Britain , the United States and indeed the whole world .
It would only facilitate new and even more terrible wars of aggression and the atrocities that flow from them .
Julie Hyland
Julie Hyland
Joel Pendergraft Sets New IBS 1000 - Yard Heavy Gun World Record
Yesterday , April 18th , Joel Pendergraft of Durham , NC put 10 shots into 3.048 ″ to set a new IBS 1000 - yard Heavy Gun World record .
Competing at Hawks Ridge , NC , Joel set the record with his big , 300 Ackley Improved HG fitted with an unusual water - cooled 12 - twist , 4 - groove Krieger barrel .
Joel shot BIB 187gr flat - based bullets in Norma brass , pushed by a “ generous amount ” of Alliant Reloder 25 and Federal 210 M primers .
This 3.048 ″ 10 - shot group was a remarkable accomplishment , breaking one of the longest standing 1000 - yard World Records .
Bill Shehane commented : “ This tops the NBRSA , IBS , and Original Williamsport Clubs ’ all - time 10 - shot Heavy Gun group records .
Took a long time to do it and I for one know Joel did not back into it — he has worked harder than most the last 10 years to break this record .
And just like John Voneida of the Original Williamsport Club who held this most prestigous record for so long , Joel is a super nice guy and a great competitor . ”
Pendergraft ’s fellow 1 K competitors were quick to praise his accomplishment .
Dave Tooley observed : “ I still remember the day I suggested flat - based bullets to Joel and the laugh I got .
Well he was laughing today .
Could n’t have happened to a nicer guy .
Glad I was there to see it . ”
Posting on Benchrest Central , “ 4Mesh ” wrote : “ Could n’t happen to a nicer guy !
That gun showed some serious promise last year at the World Open and anything that cranks off targets like the one you shot there , has what it takes . ”
Jim Hardy added : “ The new record is great but no better than the fine man who shot it .
Everyone who knows
Joel will say the same thing — he is one of the finest men you will ever meet .
He lives the life , and walks the walk and has paid his dues in the 1000 - yard BR game to get the record . ”
Pendergraft was modest after his notable achievement : “ Some of the words spoken are too kind .
What makes this so very special is to be able to celebrate the accomplishment with all of my shooting friends [ . ]
A good friend once said that records are shot when preparation and opportunity meet .
I feel blessed to have personally had the opportunity .
The preparation we can individually work on and acheive but the opportunity only comes to a few .
Those of you that compete in longe range competition will know what I mean . ”
Similar Posts :
Tags : 1000 Yard , IBS , NC
The contradiction and tragedy of communist - anarchism Part IV Share This :
EGOISM : THE PHILOSOPHY OF FREEDOM
" Many a year I 've used my nose
To smell the onion and the rose ;
Is there any proof which shows
That I 've a right to that same nose ? "
- Johann Christoph Friedrich Schiller
The philosophy of individualist - anarchism is " egoism . "
It is not my purpose here to give a detailed account of this philosophy , but I would like to explode a few of the more common myths about egoism and present to the reader enough of its essence so that he may understand more clearly the section on individualist economics .
I am tempted here to quote long extracts from " The Ego and His Own , " for it was this book which first presented the egoist philosophy in a systematic way .
Unfortunately , I find that Stirner 's " unique " style does not readily lend itself to quotation .
So what I have done in the following pages is to dress up Stirner 's ideas in a language largely my own .
Voltaire once said , " If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . "
Bakunin wisely retorted , " If God DID exist , it would be necessary to abolish him . "
Unfortunately , Bakunin would only abolish God .
It is the egoist 's intention to abolish GODS .
It is clear from Bakunin 's writings that what he meant by God was what Voltaire meant - namely the religious God .
The egoist sees many more gods than that - in fact , as many as there are fixed ideas .
Bakunin 's gods , for example , include the god of humanity , the god of brotherhood , the god of mankind - all variants on the god of altruism .
The egoist , in striking down ALL gods , looks only to his WILL .
He recognizes no legitimate power over himself . *
The world is there for him to consume - if he CAN .
And he can if he has the power .
For the egoist , the only right is the right of might .
He accepts no " inalienable rights , " for such rights - by virtue of the fact that they 're inalienable - must come from a higher power , some god .
The American Declaration of Independence , for example , in proclaiming these rights found it necessary to invoke the " Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God . "
The same was true of the French Revolutionary " Declaration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen . "
---------------------------------------
He does not , of course , claim to be omnipotent .
There ARE external powers over him .
The difference between the egoist and non-egoist in this regard is therefore one mainly of attitude : the egoist recognizes external power as an enemy and consciously fights against it , while the non-egoist humbles himself before it and often accepts it as a friend .
---------------------------------------
The egoist recognizes no right - or what amounts to the same thing - claims ALL rights for himself .
What he can get by force he has a right to ; and what he can't , he has no right .
He demands no rights , nor does he recognize them in others .
" Right - is a wheel in the head , put there by a spook , " [ 73 ] says Stirner .
Right is also the spook which has kept men servile throughout the ages .
The believer in rights has always been his own jailer .
What sovereign could last the day out without a general belief in the " divine right of kings " ?
And where would Messrs .
Nixon , Heath , et. al. be today without the " right " of the majority ?
Men make their tyrants as they make their gods .
-----------------------------------------------------
* Many people cite trade unions as a " proof " of man 's solidarity and sociability .
Just the opposite is true .
Why else do people strike if not for their own " selfish " ends , e.g. higher wages , better working conditions , shorter hours ?
-----------------------------------------------------
Let us look at a hive of bees to see what would happen if " reason " were suddenly introduced into their lives :
" In the first place , the bees would not fail to try some new industrial process ; for instance , that of making their cells round or square .
All sorts of systems and inventions would be tried , until long experience , aided by geometry , should show them that the hexagonal shape is the best .
Then insurrections would occur .
The drones would be told to provide for themselves , and the queens to labour ; jealousy would spread among the labourers ; discords would burst forth ; soon each one would want to produce on his own account ; and finally the hive would be abandoned , and the bees would perish .
Evil would be introduced into the honey - producing republic by the power of reflection , - the very faculty which ought to constitute its glory . " [ 75 ]
So it would appear to me that reason would militate against blind , selfless cooperation .
But by the same token , reason leads to cooperation which is mutually beneficial to all parties concerned .
Such cooperation is what Stirner called a " union of egoists . " [ 76 ]
This binding together is not done through any innate social instinct , but rather as a matter of individual convenience .
These unions would probably take the form of contracting individuals .
The object of these contracts not being to enable all to benefit equally from their union ( although this is n't ruled out , the egoist thinks it highly unlikely ) , but rather to protect one another from invasion and to secure to each contracting individual what is mutually agreed upon to be " his . "
By referring to a man 's selfishness , you know where you stand .
Nothing is done " for free . "
Equity demands reciprocity .
Goods and services are exchanged for goods and services or ( what is equivalent ) bought .
This may sound " heartless " - but what is the alternative ?
If one depends on kindness , pity or love the services and goods one gets become " charity . "
The receiver is put in the position of a beggar , offering nothing in return for each " present . "
If you 've ever been on the dole , or know anyone who has , you will know that the receiver of such gifts is anything but gracious .
He is stripped of his manhood and he resents it .
Now the egoist is n't ( usually ) so cold and cruel as this description makes him out to be .
As often as not he is as charitable and kind as his altruist neighbour .
But he CHOOSES the objects of his kindness ; he objects to COMPULSORY " love . "
What an absurdity !
If love were universal , it would have no meaning .
If I should tell my wife that I love her because I love humanity , I would be insulting her .
I love her not because she happens to be a member of the human race , but rather for what she is to me .
For me she is something special : she possesses certain qualities which I admire and which make me happy .
If she is unhappy , I suffer , and therefore I try to comfort her and cheer her up - for MY sake .
Such love is a selfish love .
But it is the only REAL love .
Anything else is an infatuation with an image , a ghost .
As Stirner said of his loved ones , " I love them with the consciousness of egoism ; I love them because love makes ME happy , I love because loving is natural to me , because it pleases me .
I know no ' commandment of love ' . " [ 77 ]
The lover of " humanity " is bewitched by a superstition .
He has dethroned God , only to accept the reign of the holy trinity : Morality , Conscience and Duty .
He becomes a " true believer " - a religious man .
No longer believing in himself , he becomes a slave to Man .
Then , like all religious men , he is overcome with feelings of " right " and " virtue . "
He becomes a soldier in the service of humanity whose intolerance of heretics rivals that of the most righteous religious fanatic .
Most of the misery in the world today ( as in the past ) is directly attributable to men acting " for the common good . "
The individual is nothing ; the mass all .
The egoist would reverse this situation .
Instead of everyone looking after the welfare of everyone else , each would look after his own welfare .
This would , in one fell swoop , do away with the incredibly complicated , wasteful and tyrannical machinery ( alluded to previously ) necessary to see to it that not only everyone got his fair share of the communal pie , but that everyone contributed fairly to its production .
In its stead we egoists raise the banner of free competition : " the war of all against all " as the communists put it .
But would n't that lead to ( dare I say it ) ANARCHY ?
Of course it would .
What anarchist would deny the logical consequences of the principles he advocates ?
But let 's see what this " anarchy " would be like .
The egoist believes that the relationships between men who are alive to their own individual interests would be far more just and equitable than they are now .
Take the property question for example .
Today there is a great disparity of income .
Americans make up about 7 % of the world 's population , but they control over half of its wealth .
And among the Americans , nearly one quarter of the wealth is owned by 5 % of the people . * [ 78 ]
Such unequal distribution of wealth is due primarily to the LEGAL institution of property .
Without the state to back up legal privilege and without the people 's acquiescence to the privileged minority 's legal right to that property , these disparities would soon disappear .
For what makes the rich man rich and the poor man poor if not the latter GIVING the former the product of his labour ?
---------------------------------------------
* Contrary to popular belief , this gulf is getting larger .
Since 1966 , despite a constantly mushrooming GNP , the American factory workers ' REAL wages ( as opposed to his apparent , inflationary wages ) have actually declined . [ 79 ]
--------------------------------------------
Stirner is commonly thought to have concerned himself little with the economic consequences of his philosophy .
It is true that he avoided elaborating on the exact nature of his " union of egoists , " saying that the only way of knowing what a slave will do when he breaks his chains is to wait and see .
But to say that Stirner was oblivious to economics is just not so .
On the contrary .
It was he , after all , who translated into German both Adam Smith 's classic " An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations " and Jean Baptiste Say 's pioneering work on the free market economy , " Traite d'Economie Politique . "
The few pages he devotes to economics in " The Ego and His Own " are among his best :
" If we assume that , as ORDER belongs to the essence of the State , so SUBORDINATION too is founded in its nature , then we see that the subordinates , or those who have received preferment , disproportionately OVERCHARGE and OVERREACH those who are put in the lower ranks ....
By what then is your property secure , you creatures of preferment ?...
By our refraining from interference !
And so by OUR protection !
And what do you give us for it ?
Kicks and disdain you give to the ' common people ' ; police supervision , and a catechism with the chief sentence ' Respect what is NOT YOURS , what belongs to OTHERS !
respect others , and especially your superiors !'
But we reply , ' If you want our respect , BUY it for a price agreeable to us .
We will leave you your property , if you give a due equivalent for this leaving .'... What equivalent do you give for our chewing potatoes and looking calmly on while you swallow oysters ?
Only buy the oysters of us as dear as we have to buy the potatoes of you , then you may go on eating them .
Or do you suppose the oysters do not belong to us as much as to you ?...
Let us consider our nearer property , labour ... We distress ourselves twelve hours in the sweat of our face , and you offer us a few pennies for it .
Then take the like for your labour too .
Are you not willing ?
You fancy that our
labour is richly repaid with that wage , while yours on the other hand is worth a wage of many thousands .
But , if you did not rate yours so high , and gave us a better chance to realise value from ours , then we might well , if the case demanded it , bring to pass still more important things than you do for the many thousand pounds ; and , if you got only such wages as we , you would soon grow more industrious in order to receive more .
But , if you render any service that seems to us worth ten and a hundred times more than our own labour , why , then you shall get a hundred times more for it too ; we , on the other hand , think also to produce for you things for which you will requite us more highly than with the ordinary day 's wages .
We shall be willing to get along with each other all right , if only we have first agreed on this - that neither any longer needs to - PRESENT anything to the other .... We want nothing presented by you , but neither will we present you with anything .
For centuries we have handed alms to you from good - hearted - stupidity , have doled out the mite of the poor and given to the masters the things that are - not the masters ' ; now just open your wallet , for henceforth our ware rises in price quite enormously .
We do not want to take from you anything , anything at all , only you are to pay better for what you want to have .
What then have you ?
' I have an estate of a thousand acres . '
And I am your plowman , and will henceforth attend to your fields only for a full day 's wages .
' Then I 'll take another . '
You wo n't find any , for we plowmen are no longer doing otherwise , and , if one puts in an appearance who takes less , then let him beware of us .
There is the housemaid , she too is now demanding as much , and you will no longer find one below this price .
' Why , then it is all over with me . '
Not so fast !
You will doubtless take in as much as we ; and , if it should not be so , we will take off so much that you shall have wherewith to live like us .
' But I am accustomed to live better . '
We have nothing against that , but it is not our lookout ; if you can clear more , go ahead .
Are we to hire out under rates , that you may have a good living ?
The rich man always puts off the poor with the words , ' What does your want concern me ?
See to it how you make your way through the world ; that is YOUR AFFAIR , not mine . '
Well , let us let it be our affair , then , and let us not let the means that we have to realise value from ourselves be pilfered from us by the rich .
' But you uncultured people really do not need so much . '
Well , we are taking somewhat more in order that for it we may procure the culture that we perhaps need .... ' O ill - starred equality ! '
No , my good old sir , nothing of equality .
We only want to count for what we are worth , and , if you are worth more , you shall count for more right along .
We only want to be WORTH OUR PRICE , and think to show ourselves worth the price that you will pay . " [ 80 ]
Fifty years later Benjamin Tucker took over where Stirner left off :
" The minute you remove privilege , the class that now enjoy it will be forced to sell their labour , and then , when there will be nothing but labour with which to buy labour , the distinction between wage - payers and wage - receivers will be wiped out , and every man will be a labourer exchanging with fellow - labourers .
Not to abolish wages , but to make EVERY man dependent upon wages and secure to every man his WHOLE wages is the aim of Anarchistic Socialism .
What Anarchistic Socialism aims to abolish is usury .
It does not want to deprive labour of its reward ; it wants to deprive capital of its reward .
It does not hold that labour should not be sold ; it holds that capital should not be hired at usury . " [ 81 ]
Franklin D. Roosevelt said in his second inaugural address that " We have always known that heedless self - interest was bad morals ; we know now that it is bad economics . "
I 've tried to show in this section that self - interest is " good morals . "
I now intend to show that it is also good economics .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
The tyrant is a man like any other .
His power comes from the abdicated power of his subjects .
If people believe a man to have superhuman powers , they automatically GIVE him those powers by default .
Had Hitler 's pants fallen down during one of his ranting speeches , the whole course of history might have been different .
For who can respect a naked Fuehrer ?
And who knows ?
The beginning of the end of Lyndon Johnson 's political career might well have been when he showed his operation scar on coast - to - coast television for the whole wide world to see that he really was a man after all .
This sentiment was expressed by Stirner when he said , " Idols exist through me ; I need only refrain from creating them anew , then they exist no longer : ' higher powers ' exist only through my exalting them and abasing myself .
Consequently my relation to the world is this : I no longer do anything for it ' for God 's sake , ' I do nothing ' for man 's sake , ' but what I do I do ' for my sake ' . " [ 74 ]
The one thing that makes a man different from any other living creature is his power to reason .
It is by this power that man can ( and does ) dominate over the world .
Without reason man would be a pathetic non-entity - evolution having taken care of him long before the dinosaur .
Now some people say that man is by nature a social animal , something like an ant or a bee .
Egoists do n't deny the sociability of man , but what we do say is that man is sociable to the extent that it serves his own self - interest .
Basically man is ( by nature , if you will ) a selfish being .
The evidence for this is overwhelming .*-----------------------------------------------------*
Many people cite trade unions as a " proof " of man 's solidarity and sociability .
Just the opposite is true .
Why else do people strike if not for their own " selfish " ends , e.g. higher wages , better working conditions , shorter hours ?-----------------------------------------------------Let us look at a hive of bees to see what would happen if " reason " were suddenly introduced into their lives :
" In the first place , the bees would not fail to try some new industrial process ; for instance , that of making their cells round or square .
All sorts of systems and inventions would be tried , until long experience , aided by geometry , should show them that the hexagonal shape is the best .
Then insurrections would occur .
The drones would be told to provide for themselves , and the queens to labour ; jealousy would spread among the labourers ; discords would burst forth ; soon each one would want to produce on his own account ; and finally the hive would be abandoned , and the bees would perish .
Evil would be introduced into the honey - producing republic by the power of reflection , - the very faculty which ought to constitute its glory . " [ 75 ]
So it would appear to me that reason would militate against blind , selfless cooperation .
But by the same token , reason leads to cooperation which is mutually beneficial to all parties concerned .
Such cooperation is what Stirner called a " union of egoists . " [ 76 ]
This binding together is not done through any innate social instinct , but rather as a matter of individual convenience .
These unions would probably take the form of contracting individuals .
The object of these contracts not being to enable all to benefit equally from their union ( although this is n't ruled out , the egoist thinks it highly unlikely ) , but rather to protect one another from invasion and to secure to each contracting individual what is mutually agreed upon to be " his .
" By referring to a man 's selfishness , you know where you stand .
Nothing is done " for free . "
Equity demands reciprocity .
Goods and services are exchanged for goods and services or ( what is equivalent ) bought .
This may sound " heartless " - but what is the alternative ?
If one depends on kindness , pity or love the services and goods one gets become " charity . "
The receiver is put in the position of a beggar , offering nothing in return for each " present . "
If you 've ever been on the dole , or know anyone who has , you will know that the receiver of such gifts is anything but gracious .
He is stripped of his manhood and he resents it .
Now the egoist is n't ( usually ) so cold and cruel as this description makes him out to be .
As often as not he is as charitable and kind as his altruist neighbour .
But he CHOOSES the objects of his kindness ; he objects to COMPULSORY " love . "
What an absurdity !
If love were universal , it would have no meaning .
If I should tell my wife that I love her because I love humanity , I would be insulting her .
I love her not because she happens to be a member of the human race , but rather for what she is to me .
For me she is something special : she possesses certain qualities which I admire and which make me happy .
If she is unhappy , I suffer , and therefore I try to comfort her and cheer her up - for MY sake .
Such love is a selfish love .
But it is the only REAL love .
Anything else is an infatuation with an image , a ghost .
As Stirner said of his loved ones , " I love them with the consciousness of egoism ; I love them because love makes ME happy , I love because loving is natural to me , because it pleases me .
I know no ' commandment of love ' . " [ 77 ]
The lover of " humanity " is bewitched by a superstition .
He has dethroned God , only to accept the reign of the holy trinity : Morality , Conscience and Duty .
He becomes a " true believer " - a religious man .
No longer believing in himself , he becomes a slave to Man .
Then , like all religious men , he is overcome with feelings of " right " and " virtue . "
He becomes a soldier in the service of humanity whose intolerance of heretics rivals that of the most righteous religious fanatic .
Most of the misery in the world today ( as in the past ) is directly attributable to men acting " for the common good . "
The individual is nothing ; the mass all .
The egoist would reverse this situation .
Instead of everyone looking after the welfare of everyone else , each would look after his own welfare .
This would , in one fell swoop , do away with the incredibly complicated , wasteful and tyrannical machinery ( alluded to previously ) necessary to see to it that not only everyone got his fair share of the communal pie , but that everyone contributed fairly to its production .
In its stead we egoists raise the banner of free competition : " the war of all against all " as the communists put it .
But would n't that lead to ( dare I say it ) ANARCHY ?
Of course it would .
What anarchist would deny the logical consequences of the principles he advocates ?
But let 's see what this " anarchy " would be like .
The egoist believes that the relationships between men who are alive to their own individual interests would be far more just and equitable than they are now .
Take the property question for example .
Today there is a great disparity of income .
Americans make up about 7 % of the world 's population , but they control over half of its wealth .
And among the Americans , nearly one quarter of the wealth is owned by 5 % of the people . * [ 78 ]
Such unequal distribution of wealth is due primarily to the LEGAL institution of property .
Without the state to back up legal privilege and without the people 's acquiescence to the privileged minority 's legal right to that property , these disparities would soon disappear .
For what makes the rich man rich and the poor man poor if not the latter GIVING the former the product of his labour ?---------------------------------------------*
Contrary to popular belief , this gulf is getting larger .
Since 1966 , despite a constantly mushrooming GNP , the American factory workers ' REAL wages ( as opposed to his apparent , inflationary wages ) have actually declined . [ 79 ]--------------------------------------------Stirner is commonly thought to have concerned himself little with the economic consequences of his philosophy .
It is true that he avoided elaborating on the exact nature of his " union of egoists , " saying that the only way of knowing what a slave will do when he breaks his chains is to wait and see .
But to say that Stirner was oblivious to economics is just not so .
On the contrary .
It was he , after all , who translated into German both Adam Smith 's classic " An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations " and Jean Baptiste Say 's pioneering work on the free market economy , " Traite d'Economie Politique . "
The few pages he devotes to economics in " The Ego and His Own " are among his best :
" If we assume that , as ORDER belongs to the essence of the State , so SUBORDINATION too is founded in its nature , then we see that the subordinates , or those who have received preferment , disproportionately OVERCHARGE and OVERREACH those who are put in the lower ranks ....
By what then is your property secure , you creatures of preferment ?...
By our refraining from interference !
And so by OUR protection !
And what do you give us for it ?
Kicks and disdain you give to the ' common people ' ; police supervision , and a catechism with the chief sentence ' Respect what is NOT YOURS , what belongs to OTHERS !
respect others , and especially your superiors !'
But we reply , ' If you want our respect , BUY it for a price agreeable to us .
We will leave you your property , if you give a due equivalent for this leaving .'... What equivalent do you give for our chewing potatoes and looking calmly on while you swallow oysters ?
Only buy the oysters of us as dear as we have to buy the potatoes of you , then you may go on eating them .
Or do you suppose the oysters do not belong to us as much as to you ?...
Let us consider our nearer property , labour ... We distress ourselves twelve hours in the sweat of our face , and you offer us a few pennies for it .
Then take the like for your labour too .
Are you not willing ?
You fancy that ourlabour is richly repaid with that wage , while yours on the other hand is worth a wage of many thousands .
But , if you did not rate yours so high , and gave us a better chance to realise value from ours , then we might well , if the case demanded it , bring to pass still more important things than you do for the many thousand pounds ; and , if you got only such wages as we , you would soon grow more industrious in order to receive more .
But , if you render any service that seems to us worth ten and a hundred times more than our own labour , why , then you shall get a hundred times more for it too ; we , on the other hand , think also to produce for you things for which you will requite us more highly than with the ordinary day 's wages .
We shall be willing to get along with each other all right , if only we have first agreed on this - that neither any longer needs to - PRESENT anything to the other .... We want nothing presented by you , but neither will we present you with anything .
For centuries we have handed alms to you from good - hearted - stupidity , have doled out the mite of the poor and given to the masters the things that are - not the masters ' ; now just open your wallet , for henceforth our ware rises in price quite enormously .
We do not want to take from you anything , anything at all , only you are to pay better for what you want to have .
What then have you ?
' I have an estate of a thousand acres . '
And I am your plowman , and will henceforth attend to your fields only for a full day 's wages .
' Then I 'll take another . '
You wo n't find any , for we plowmen are no longer doing otherwise , and , if one puts in an appearance who takes less , then let him beware of us .
There is the housemaid , she too is now demanding as much , and you will no longer find one below this price .
' Why , then it is all over with me . '
Not so fast !
You will doubtless take in as much as we ; and , if it should not be so , we will take off so much that you shall have wherewith to live like us .
' But I am accustomed to live better . '
We have nothing against that , but it is not our lookout ; if you can clear more , go ahead .
Are we to hire out under rates , that you may have a good living ?
The rich man always puts off the poor with the words , ' What does your want concern me ?
See to it how you make your way through the world ; that is YOUR AFFAIR , not mine . '
Well , let us let it be our affair , then , and let us not let the means that we have to realise value from ourselves be pilfered from us by the rich .
' But you uncultured people really do not need so much . '
Well , we are taking somewhat more in order that for it we may procure the culture that we perhaps need .... ' O ill - starred equality ! '
No , my good old sir , nothing of equality .
We only want to count for what we are worth , and , if you are worth more , you shall count for more right along .
We only want to be WORTH OUR PRICE , and think to show ourselves worth the price that you will pay . " [ 80 ]
Fifty years later Benjamin Tucker took over where Stirner left off : " The minute you remove privilege , the class that now enjoy it will be forced to sell their labour , and then , when there will be nothing but labour with which to buy labour , the distinction between wage - payers and wage - receivers will be wiped out , and every man will be a labourer exchanging with fellow - labourers .
Not to abolish wages , but to make EVERY man dependent upon wages and secure to every man his WHOLE wages is the aim of Anarchistic Socialism .
What Anarchistic Socialism aims to abolish is usury .
It does not want to deprive labour of its reward ; it wants to deprive capital of its reward .
It does not hold that labour should not be sold ; it holds that capital should not be hired at usury . " [ 81 ]
Franklin D. Roosevelt said in his second inaugural address that " We have always known that heedless self - interest was bad morals ; we know now that it is bad economics . "
I 've tried to show in this section that self - interest is " good morals . "
I now intend to show that it is also good economics .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Saturday 27 June 2009 - 06:00:00 - Permalink
I am delighted to publish an original essay by friend and Voluntaryist Ken Knudson on the intellectual contradiction that is " communist - anarchism " and the tragic debacle of trying to translate the contradiction into reality .
Wendymcelroy.com blog should be cited with a link back if the essay is quoted or reprinted .
Click on Part I ; click on Part II ; click on Part III : Revolution , The Road to Freedom ?
The author invites comments and feedback menckenfan©gmail.com [ Editor : Ken and I have an ongoing and well - trod disagreement about rational egoism .
I am among those who subscribe to the â€œghostâ€ of natural rights .
Ah wellâ€ ¦a little pepper in a friendship just seasons it . ]
Check back to tomorrow for the next segment of Kenâ€™s excellent essay .
EGOISM : THE PHILOSOPHY OF FREEDOMThe philosophy of individualist - anarchism is " egoism . "
It is not my purpose here to give a detailed account of this philosophy , but I would like to explode a few of the more common myths about egoism and present to the reader enough of its essence so that he may understand more clearly the section on individualist economics .
I am tempted here to quote long extracts from " The Ego and His Own , " for it was this book which first presented the egoist philosophy in a systematic way .
Unfortunately , I find that Stirner 's " unique " style does not readily lend itself to quotation .
So what I have done in the following pages is to dress up Stirner 's ideas in a language largely my own .
Voltaire once said , " If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . "
Bakunin wisely retorted , " If God DID exist , it would be necessary to abolish him . "
Unfortunately , Bakunin would only abolish God .
It is the egoist 's intention to abolish GODS .
It is clear from Bakunin 's writings that what he meant by God was what Voltaire meant - namely the religious God .
The egoist sees many more gods than that - in fact , as many as there are fixed ideas .
Bakunin 's gods , for example , include the god of humanity , the god of brotherhood , the god of mankind - all variants on the god of altruism .
The egoist , in striking down ALL gods , looks only to his WILL .
He recognizes no legitimate power over himself . *
The world is there for him to consume - if he CAN .
And he can if he has the power .
For the egoist , the only right is the right of might .
He accepts no " inalienable rights , " for such rights - by virtue of the fact that they 're inalienable - must come from a higher power , some god .
The American Declaration of Independence , for example , in proclaiming these rights found it necessary to invoke the " Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God . "
The same was true of the French Revolutionary " Declaration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen .
"---------------------------------------He does not , of course , claim to be omnipotent .
There ARE external powers over him .
The difference between the egoist and non-egoist in this regard is therefore one mainly of attitude : the egoist recognizes external power as an enemy and consciously fights against it , while the non-egoist humbles himself before it and often accepts it as a friend .---------------------------------------The egoist recognizes no right - or what amounts to the same thing - claims ALL rights for himself .
What he can get by force he has a right to ; and what he can't , he has no right .
He demands no rights , nor does he recognize them in others .
" Right - is a wheel in the head , put there by a spook , " [ 73 ] says Stirner .
Right is also the spook which has kept men servile throughout the ages .
The believer in rights has always been his own jailer .
What sovereign could last the day out without a general belief in the " divine right of kings " ?
And where would Messrs .
Nixon , Heath , et. al. be today without the " right " of the majority ?
Men make their tyrants as they make their gods .
A powerful cleric - politician , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , criticised Iran 's leadership today on one of the country 's most resonant political stages , the Islamic prayer sermon .
In a boost for the opposition , he said the leadership must clear up doubts over the disputed presidential election and warned of a " crisis . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Tens of thousands of opposition supporters packed the weekly prayers at Tehran University , chanting slogans in a show of strength to hear Rafsanjani , who was delivering the sermon for the first time since Iran 's election turmoil began a month ago .
In the front row was opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi , who claims to have won the June 12 election .
Outside the university , more opposition supporters gathered in a rally after the prayers , chanting " death to the dictator " and " coup government , resignation , resignation . "
Pro-government Basiji militiamen fired volleys of tear gas at the crowd , said witnesses , who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of government retaliation .
In his sermon broadcast live on radio nationwide , Rafsanjani reprimanded the clerical leadership for not listening to the controversy over the election , which was declared a victory for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in results that Mousavi 's supporters say were fraudulent .
" Doubt has been created ( about the election results ) , " Rafsanjani said .
" There is a large portion of the wise people who say they have doubts .
We need to take action to remove this doubt . "
Rafsanjani couched his sermon in calls for unity in support of Iran 's Islamic Republic .
But his sermon was an unmistakable — if implicit — challenge to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has declared Ahmadinejad 's victory valid and demanded an end to questioning of the results .
Rafsanjani said the people 's voice must be considered .
" We believe in the Islamic Republic ... they have to stand together , " he said .
" If ' Islamic ' does n't exist , we will go astray .
And if ' republic ' is not there , ( our goals ) wo n't be achieved .
Where people are not present or their vote is not considered , that government is not Islamic . "
He criticized the postelection crackdown and urged the release of those arrested and said the government reaction had split the nation 's clerics .
" I hope this Friday prayer sermon will be the beginning of a development and will help us pass safely through this problem , which can be unfortunately called a crisis , " he said .
Rafsanjani , a former president , is considered the opposition 's top supporter within Iran 's clerical leadership .
He heads two of the three most powerful clerical bodies that oversee the elected government , the Expediency Council and the Experts Council .
He is a bitter rival of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and is believed to support Mousavi behind the scenes — his daughter and four other relatives who openly backed Mousavi were briefly detained during protests last month .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
But until Friday 's sermon he had avoided commented prominently on the election turmoil .
In the days before his widely anticipated sermon , hard - liners have been pressuring him to make clear his backing of Khamenei .
The opposition is hoping their show of strength at the Friday prayers will demonstrate that the movement remains powerful despite suppression by security forces the past month .
After the election , hundreds of thousands marched in the streets in support of Mousavi .
But after Khamenei validated the results , police , elite Republican Guards and Basiji militiamen launched a fierce crackdown on protesters in which hundreds were arrested and at least 20 killed — though human rights groups say the figure could be several times that official toll .
The scene outside the university on Friday was tumultuous , as hundreds of Mousavi backers converged on the gates .
Before the sermon , police fired tear gas at some trying to enter the prayer .
When Mahdi Karroubi , another pro-reform candidate in the June election , headed for the prayers , plainclothes hard - line supporters attacked him , shoving him and knocking his turban to the ground , witnesses said .
" Death to the opponent of Velayat - e - Faqih , " the hard - liners chanted as they attacked him , referring to the supreme leader , the witnesses said .
As she headed for the university , a prominent women 's rights activist , Shadi Sadr , was beaten by militiamen , pushed into a car and driven away to an unknown location , taken away , Mousavi's Web site www.mowjcamp.com and a women 's rights site www.meydaan.com said .
After the sermon , hundreds of opposition supporters were outside the gates , chanting slogans against Ahmadinejad .
Inside the prayers — held on a former soccer field covered with a roof — tens of thousands crowded to hear Rafsanjani .
Most were Mousavi backers , wearing green headbands or wristbands or had green prayer rugs — the opposition movement 's color .
They shouted competing slogans with a number of government supporters among the worshippers .
Hard - liners made traditional chants of " death to America , " while opposition supporters countered with " death to Russia " — a reference to government 's ties to Moscow .
In his sermon , Rafsanjani urged unity and appeared to blame hard - liners for disrupting unity by not listening to the controversy over the election .
He also spoke openly of the split among Iran 's clerics .
Conservative clerics have rallied behind Khamenei , telling their flocks the supreme leader must be obeyed .
But many other prominent clerics have been sharply critical or have failed to announce their backing for Ahmadinejad , including most of the country 's " maraje ' - e - taghlid , " or " sources of emulation , " Shiite clerics of the highest rank whose religious rulings are closely obeyed by their many followers .
" The maraje ' - e - taghlid have always supported and served ( the people ) .
Why some of them are offended ? " Rafsanjani said .
" We need to keep them beside us .
We need to support them and rely on them . "
Rafsanjani criticized the crackdown on postelection protests , calling for the release of those arrested .
" Sympathy must be offered to those who suffered from the events that occurred and reconcile them with the ruling system .
This is achievable .
We need to placate them , " he told the worshippers in the Tehran University prayer hall .
" It 's not necessary ... to keep individuals in jail .
Let them join their families .
We should not let enemies criticize or laugh at us ... for keeping our people in jail , " he said .
Is Forsage .io Legit or A Scam ?
If you ’re looking for Forsage review or is Forsage .
io legit ?
You ’re at the right spot .
Have you seen someone promoting ForsageIO as a way to earn Ethereum ( ETH ) with Smart Contracts on Facebook or YouTube as the first - ever 100 % decentralized matrix cryptocurrency project ?
Check out forsage .
io earning proof from one of our members .
[ Proof ] Discover How Fraser Earned $ 24,000 +
Within His 24 Hours of Using This System …
𝗛𝗢𝗟𝗬 𝗦𝗛𝗜𝗧 – $ 𝟮𝟰,𝟬𝟬𝟬 + 𝗶𝗻 𝗛𝗶𝘀 𝗙𝗶𝗿𝘀𝘁 𝟮𝟰 𝗛𝗼𝘂𝗿𝘀 …
In Fraser ’s 10 years online , he ’s never made $ 24 k in his first 24 hours in any company .
Record before this was $ 9000 in first 24 hours .
He had a good 2 hour chat yesterday with my 8 figure mentor ,
Not long after , this happened .
THIS IS INSANE !!!!
He ’s never made money as easy as this online , and the joys of it ?
You do n’t even need to sponsor people to make money !
You can sit back relax , have Fraser , Ankur and the people above them MAKE YOU MONEY !
This is exactly what happened with Fraser .
We are about to recruit a thousands of people in next 7 days and lot of spillovers about to happen … and to be honest , they ’re already starting to happen .
( They can all be placed under you )
To get positioned in this worlds first and fast ETH smart contract deal with most powerful team .
What Is Forsage.io ?
Forsage is a Smart Contract Crypto earnings program that you work from home at your own leisure time .
It is based on the particular features of the Ethereum cryptocurrency and it enables you to earn a long term residual income just by referring this to 3 other people and asking them to do the same as you .
“ crowdfunding international platform of new generation and the first - ever smart contract with the marketing of type ‘ matrix ’ in the blockchain of Ethereum cryptocurrency . ”
Forsage Official Website .
On February 6 , 2020 , Forsage became the world ’s first - ever MLM / Network Marketing program to utilize a self - executing smart contract on the Ethereum Blockchain .
Smart contracts are totally decentralized and are managed by a huge network of multiple members ’ computers .
As such , there is no central authority governing the operation of this program .
Ethereum Blockchain Smart contracts cannot be modified , due to the Security and features that are built into the Blockchain
Forsage works like any pyramid scheme or multilevel marketing company : you pay a fee to join , and that fee gets funneled up the pyramid .
The only way to recover your initial investment is to convince a bunch of people to join you .
Eventually , the pyramid scheme collapses when no new members can be recruited .
Forsage is a Company that ca n’t be shut down
Forsage is not a company —
It is a Platform that has created a Smart Contract that enables peer to peer payments by its participants .
It therefore can not be shut down .
It sounds like a cliche , but it ’s a fact :
It is run by the people for the people .
Forage ’s Compensation Plan
Forsage has two matrix sizes which are 3×1 and 2×2 and it cost 0.05 ETH ( around $ 12 USD ) to get started .
Forsage x3 : A 3×1 matrix has three positions under your main position .
Forsage x4 : A 2×2 matrix starts with two positions on the level 1 and expands to four positions on level 2 .
These positions can be filled directly or indirectly .
Once you fill the matrix , you cycle out and get commissions in ETH as seen below :
x3 matrix ( entry is 0.025 ETH of the initial 0.05 ETH buy in ) – generates 0.05 ETH in gifting payments and entry into a new 3×1 matrix .
x4 matrix ( entry is 0.025 ETH of the initial 0.05 ETH buy in ) – generates 0.075 ETH and entry into a new 2 ×2 matrix .
You can buy more positions , there are 24 positions in total , 12 positions in each matrix .
Each position doubles in value as you go , from 0.25 ETH all the way up to the 51.2 ETH ( 51.2 ETH = $ 6550 usd ) .
Forsage Compensation Plan x3 Matrix
Forsage Compensation Plan x4 Matrix
Is Forsage Reliable ?
It cost less than $ 12 in ETH to join and it is a new innovation called smart contract where people work together to grow their income .
It is a member to member so no one to run away with our funds .
There are no joining or admin fees to pay when you join Forsage .
What you pay when you join , entirely funds the payments within the program , as laid out .
Nor are there any deductions after you have earned .
You get to keep all that you earn .
and ,
You do not have to request withdrawals .
Anything that you earn is instantly paid into your Ethereum wallet .
It ’s like an automated payment into your bank account .
Is forsage .
io a perfect home base business ?
It can be done on a Laptop or even just your smartphone .
Many people already have one or both of these devices so there is no new investment needed .
It is safe , secure , scam - free , fun , lucrative and at only 15 dollars to join , with no admin fees , it is really not difficult to promote .
If you introduce Forsage to just two or three other like - minded people and help them to do the same , you will establish a long term , gradually building , realistic Ethereum currency income .
It is really that simple .
Your “ work ” in the Forsage business needs only be just a pleasurable hour a day with networking and promotion on Facebook , Instagram , Whatsapp , social media , etc .
How to Join with Forsage ?
Install a Trust Wallet for Smartphone / iPhone or Metamask Wallet for Laptop / PC
for Smartphone / iPhone or Metamask Wallet for Fund the wallet with Ethereum – ( See how to Get Ethers )
) Join Forsage – ( Learn Step by Step Here )
– ( Learn Step by Step )
Make your payment for your starter levels
Get your own link and share with others ( you can login with only your ID Number or ETh address )
Make money !
Sign Up Here
Is Forsage Available in Your Country ?
Forsage is a Decentralized Blockchain Smart Contract and without any physical boundaries .
So , Forsage is available anywhere in the world where there is Internet access to enable you to administer your activities .
You can even earn without referring people because we work to gather team via organic promotion & all of the new members goes direct to our team , it ’s 100 % work on spillover !
Click Here To Join Forsage With Our Team & Get $ 2,997 Worth Of Bonuses
Click here To Join Our Forsage Telegram Group For FREE !
Official Advertisement Video
Spanish designer Oscar Diaz has designed a calendar that uses the capillary action of ink spreading across paper to display the date .
Each month , a bottle of coloured ink spreads across a sheet of paper embossed with numbers , colouring them in as it goes .
Ink Calendar will be exhibited at an exhibition called Sueños de un Grifo - Diseño con Alma de Agua that opens at the Círculo de Bellas Artes in Madrid today .
See also our story about the Dramprom light by Roger Arquer that appears in the same exhibition .
Here 's some info from Diaz :
--
TITLE : INK CALENDAR
DESIGNER : Oscar Diaz ( http://www.oscar-diaz.net)
DIMENSIONS : 420 X 595 mm
MATERIALS : Paper and ink .
Project Description
Ink Calendar make use of the timed pace of the ink spreading on the paper to indicate time .
The ink is absorbed slowly , and the numbers in the calendar are ‘ printed ‘ daily .
One a day , they are filled with ink until the end of the month .
The calendar enhances the perception of time passing and not only signaling it .
The aim of the project is to address our senses , rather than the logical and conscious brain .
The ink colors are based on a spectrum , which relate to a “ color temperature scale ” , each month having a color related to our perception of the weather on that month .
The colors range from dark blue in December to three shades of green in spring or orange and red in the summer .
Ink Calendar is shown as part of SUEÑOS DE UN GRIFO .
Diseño con alma de agua at the Círculo de Bellas Artes in Madrid .
Curated by Hector Serrano ( http://www.hectorserrano.com) and Javier Esteban , the exhibition explores the role that objects may have in our dialogue with water from different points of view .
On view until October 11 , 2009 , the exhibition has been organized by ddi ( Sociedad Estatal para el Desarrollo del Diseño y la Innovación , and Círculo de Bellas Artes ( http://www.circulobellasartes.com) in Madrid , where is being held .
When : 17 July – 11 October 2009
Where : Sala Juana Mordó , Círculo de Bellas Artes , Madrid ( Spain )
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
If all you have is a hammer , they say that everything looks like a nail .
But when you use that hammer , it looks like your arm — to your brain , anyway .
A report in the June 23rd issue of the journal Current Biology shows that the brain interprets tools as just an extension of your physical self .
To move our bodies around in space , the brain builds what ’s called a “ body schema , ” a representation of all our various parts .
And this so - called schema is frequently updated to keep up with our ever - changing bodies .
Otherwise , you ’d think you were still a bitty baby .
Now scientists have taken this body - image overhaul a step further .
They ’ve shown that when we use a tool , even for a few minutes , the brain sees it as a temporary body part .
Subjects were asked to pick up a block .
They then used a long , mechanical grabber to pick up the same block .
Then they tried to snag the block barehanded again .
And it took longer than their initial grab .
That ’s because they were briefly behaving like their arms were still augmented .
So next time you feel like a total tool , you might just be hitting the nail on the head .
— Karen Hopkin
Agencies admit Demi Leigh errors
Family relives daughter 's death A 15 - year - old boy has been convicted of murdering a two - year - old girl who was left in his care for 90 minutes .
Demi Leigh Mahon was beaten , bitten and had her hair sheared off during the attack which left her with 68 injuries , Manchester Crown Court heard .
She was left with killer Karl McCluney while her mother went to claim a child benefit cheque in July last year .
McCluney took her to a park before attacking her at a house in Salford , Greater Manchester .
He had admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility but the jury rejected this claim .
Following McCluney 's conviction the judge , Mr Justice Sweeney lifted the reporting restrictions on the defendant 's identity .
The attack on Demi Leigh was so ferocious , the court heard , that she was left brain - damaged after being punched repeatedly in the face .
Pathologist Dr Naomi Carter said part of her scalp was also sheared off , most likely as a result of it coming into contact with a hard surface .
Dr Carter told the jury it was neither " reasonable or credible " the vast majority of the injuries were sustained accidentally .
When her mother , Ann Marie McDonald , returned she saw the injuries he had inflicted .
She told the court during the five day trial : " I screamed ' Why have n't you rung an ambulance ? ' .
" He said ' I never done nothing , I 've not done nothing ' . "
Karl McCluney killed Demi Leigh but tried to say it was an accident Demi Leigh was taken to hospital where her parents were at her bedside when her life support machine was switched off two days later .
At first , McCluney tried to pretend the little girl had fallen over in the park and hurt herself , but it was clear she had been beaten .
Speaking before the verdict , her father , Gary Mahon , described seeing her in hospital .
" I knew she was going to die , " he said , " There was no way she could have lived through that , it was disgusting . "
Psychiatrist Dr Cesar Lengua said he had made an admission of guilt to a health worker : " I 'm not proud of what I 've done and everyone will think I 'm a monster but nobody can ever punish me as much as I 'll punish myself . "
Dr Lengua , who was called by the defence , said the boy suffered from an unsocialised conduct disorder and had a " below normal " IQ .
He said it was clear there were " disharmonious relationships between the parental figures in this boy's life " and family dynamics were crucial to understanding the development of his conduct disorder .
The jury heard the boy has never explained his attack on Demi Leigh but has alluded to the fact he was angry with her behaviour .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The 2000 Campaign Recounting the controversial campaign .
Who Is Bob Gates ?
The secret world of Defense Secretary Gates
Israeli Troops Admit Gaza Abuses
A furor has arisen over new admissions from Israeli soldiers that they operated with loose rules of engagement in shooting targets , including civilians , inside Gaza during the recent war there .
Phyllis Bennis , an analyst at the Institute for Policy Studies , says the U.S. public attention to these admissions and other evidence of Israeli abuses mark a shift in U.S. attitudes about Israel ’s behavior .
She notes , for instance , front - page articles in the New York Times about these concerns .
( The story summary continues below . )
IAmid this shift , Bennis says the Obama administration ’s approach toward the Israel - Palestine conflict remains unclear , with some signs suggesting a continuation of the Bush administration ’s staunch support for Israel but others , such as the appointment of George Mitchell as a special envoy , indicating a more evenhanded approach .
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
( Corrects Tamiflu reference in paragraph 14 -- usual course is five days , not 10 days , and makes clear dose is normal , not extra-high )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - People who are obese but otherwise healthy may be at special risk of severe complications and death from the new H1N1 swine flu virus , U.S. researchers reported on Friday .
They described the cases of 10 patients at a Michigan hospital who were so ill they had to be put on ventilators .
Three died .
Nine of the 10 were obese , seven were severely obese , including two of the three who died .
The study , published in advance in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ’s weekly report on death and disease , also suggests doctors can safely double the usual dose of oseltamivir , Roche AG ’s antiviral drug sold under the Tamiflu brand name .
“ What this suggests is that there can be severe complications associated with this virus infection , especially in severely obese patients , ” said CDC virus expert Dr. Tim Uyeki .
“ And five of these patients had ... evidence of blood clots in the lungs .
This has not been previously known to occur in patients with severe influenza virus infections , ” Uyeki said in a telephone interview .
Dr. Lena Napolitano of the University of Michigan Medical Center and colleagues studied the cases of 10 patients admitted to the university ’s intensive care unit with severe acute respiratory distress syndrome caused by infection with H1N1 .
“ Of the 10 patients , nine were obese ( body mass index more than 30 ) , including seven who were extremely obese ( BMI more than 40 ) , ” they wrote in their report .
Their study was not designed to see if obesity or anything else poses a special risk factor for flu .
But the researchers were surprised to see that seven of the 10 patients were extremely obese .
MULTIPLE ORGAN FAILURE
Nine had multiple organ failure , which can be seen in influenza , but five had blood clots in the lungs , and six had kidney failure .
None has fully recovered , the researchers said .
The H1N1 swine flu virus first emerged in Mexico in March and was spreading out of control in the United States by the time it was identified at the end of April .
The World Health Organization declared a pandemic in June .
While it is causing moderate illness , all influenza viruses can be deadly and this one is no exception .
It has killed close to 500 people globally , more than 200 in the United States alone .
However , the new virus has a slightly different pattern from seasonal flu -- it spreads in the summer months , attacks young adults and older children , and may affect the body slightly differently .
As with H5N1 avian influenza , which only rarely attacks people , patients seem to survive better if they get Tamiflu for longer than the usual five - day treatment course , Uyeki said .
“ We do n’t know if it is necessary for a higher dose of the drug to be given to patients who are obese , ” he said .
“ The high prevalence of obesity in this case series is striking , ” the CDC ’s commentary accompany the report reads .
“ Whether obesity is an independent risk factor for severe complications of novel influenza A ( H1N1 ) virus infection is unknown .
Obesity has not been identified previously as a risk factor for severe complications of seasonal influenza . ”
Iranians were posting items online , but it was not known how much of that information was being seen by others inside the country .
And although some of the posts on Twitter appeared to be from users in Tehran , others clearly were not .
Endo is a specialty pharmaceutical company committed to helping everyone we serve live their best life through the delivery of quality , life - enhancing therapies .
Our decades of proven success come from a global team of passionate employees collaborating to bring the best treatments forward .
Together , we boldly transform insights into treatments benefiting those who need them , when they need them .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The USG Open Source Center summarizes Rafsanjani ’s sermon on Friday .
Full translation to follow .
FYI — Iran ’s Rafsanjani Gives Tehran Friday Sermons
Corrected version ; providing updated processing plans for full text in final para
Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran Radio 1
Friday , July 17 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
Tehran Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran Radio 1 in Persian at 0830 GMT on 17 July broadcast live Friday prayers from Tehran University , given by Ayatollah Akbar Rafsanjani , head of the Expediency Council .
Rafsanjani had been absent for the past eight weeks from the prayer scene .
He dedicated the first part of his sermon to religious issues .
At 0902 GMT , an indistinct noise , that can only be described as shouts by a sizeable crowd of people , was heard in the background .
This came to an abrupt end a few seconds later .
The first part of the sermon came to an end with Rafsanjani pleading that the Revolution , achieved by the blood of so many “ martyrs , ” must be revered and not wasted .
The sermon came to an end at 0920 GMT , and was followed immediately by the second .
He started the second sermon by the customary remembrances in the Islamic calendar , notably for seventh Shiite Imam Musa - Ibn - Ja’far .
He also talked about the killings in China , urging the government there : “ We give brotherly advice ” to stop the killing of Muslims .
At this juncture , people started chanting slogans , and Rafsanjani had to plea for calm .
He then went onto talk about the election , saying that it started very well .
He praised the participation of the people .
He said that it was the people who have to be thanked for this level of participation .
He lamented the post-election events , and talked about his contribution to the Islamic Revolution and his companionship with Imam Khomeyni , who had urged people not to take up arms .
He added that after 20 years , the people were awakened , and they turned up on the streets to protest against the Pahlavi regime .
He went on to add that Imam Khomeyni accorded great value to the participation of the people .
He read out a note that he had prepared earlier , quoting Shiite Imam Ali .
He stressed Imam Khomeyni ’s insistence on the people ’s role at the beginning of the Revolution .
He insisted that according to the Constitution of the Islamic Republic , the vote of the people , including the leadership , is determined by the people .
Again huge chants were heard at 0935 GMT , when Rafsanjani insisted that he had been asked to keep his sermon short .
In what can only be described as Rafsanjani speaking hurriedly , he insisted on the republicanism of the system .
He went on to add that when campaigning came to an end , a great lack of trust came about .
He said that this may have been due to the bad performance of the state broadcaster , calling it a very bitter experience .
He insisted that everyone was damaged by the post-election events .
He urged unity and cohesion by all factions and parties , saying that “ all of us must find a way to advance our country in a united way . ”
He made a few suggestions as a way forward ; he said that Iran must restore the lost confidence of the people .
He added that all of Iran , including the Majles , the police , and the people , must act within the law .
The second suggestion was that : “ We must create an atmosphere in which all sides can come and express their views .
And all sides must act rationally and without argument .
Of course , the main task here falls on the Voice and Vision ( of the Islamic Republic , meaning state broadcaster ) , as it has greater listeners .
And all other media outlets must do the same . ”
He went on to point to the results of the Guardian Council recount of the disputed vote , adding : “ Unfortunately , good use was not made of the opportunity that the Supreme Leader ( Ali Khamene ’i ) gave the Guardian Council , in which an extra five days was given to them . ”
Interrupted again by crowds chanting , he added : “ I do not of course want to blame anyone for this lost opportunity . ”
He then went on to say that those who are in prison must be released : “ Under current circumstances , there is no need for us to have people in prisons .
Allow them to return to their families . ”
( Chanting of indistinct slogans from the masses in support of the clerics comment were heard )
“ Let ’s not allow our enemies to reprimand and laugh at us , and hatch plots against us , just because a few certain people are in prison .
We should be brave and patient enough to tolerate one another .
Sympathy should be shown to the victims of the recent incidents which took place .
We should offer condolences to those who mourn , and bring their hearts closer to the establishment . ”
The sermons came to an end at 0948 GMT .
( Description of Source : Tehran Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran Radio 1 in Persian — state - run radio )
End / ( Not Continued )
It is a book in which one man , living in a totalitarian society a number of years in the future , gradually finds himself rebelling against the dehumanising forces of an omnipotent , omniscient dictator .
Encouraged by a woman who seems to represent the political and sexual freedom of the pre-revolutionary era ( and with whom he sleeps in an ancient house that is one of the few manifestations of a former world ) , he writes down his thoughts of rebellion – perhaps rather imprudently – as a 24 - hour clock ticks in his grim , lonely flat .
In the end , the system discovers both the man and the woman , and after a period of physical and mental trauma the protagonist discovers he loves the state that has oppressed him throughout , and betrays his fellow rebels .
The story is intended as a warning against and a prediction of the natural conclusions of totalitarianism .
This is a description of George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty - Four , which was first published 60 years ago on Monday .
But it is also the plot of Yevgeny Zamyatin's We , a Russian novel originally published in English in 1924 .
Orwell 's novel is consistently acclaimed as one of the finest of the last 100 years – two years ago Guardian readers voted it the 20th century 's " definitive " book – and it remains a consistent bestseller .
Should it alter our respect for it that Orwell borrowed much of his plot , the outlines of three of his central figures , and the progress of the book 's dramatic arc from an earlier work ?
Orwell reviewed We for Tribune in 1946 , three years before he published Nineteen Eighty - Four .
In his review , he called Zamyatin 's book an influence on Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , though Huxley always denied anything of the sort .
" It is in effect a study of the Machine , " Orwell wrote of We , " the genie that man has thoughtlessly let out of its bottle and can not put back again .
This is a book to look out for when an English version appears . "
He seems to have taken his own advice .
We was not published in Russia until the glasnost era of 1988 ; among its most controversial passages for the Soviets was an apparent call for a new revolution to sweep away theirs : " How can there be a final revolution ?
There is no final one .
The number of revolutions is infinite .
The last one – that 's for children .
Infinity frightens children , and it's essential that children get a good night 's sleep . "
Foreign editions released in Zamyatin 's lifetime led to his being banned from publishing , and eventually he wrote to Stalin to ask permission to live abroad .
It was granted , and he left Russia for ever in 1931 .
He died six years later .
The characters in We are numbered rather than named : its Winston Smith is D - 503 , and its Julia I -330 .
Its Big Brother is known as the Benefactor , a more human figure than Orwell 's almost mythical dictator , who at one point phones D - 503 ( " D - 503 ?
Ah … You 're speaking to the Benefactor .
Report to me immediately ! " ) .
Where Orwell 's apartments come complete with an all - seeing " telescreen " , Zamyatin 's buildings are simply made of glass , allowing each of the residents – and the " Guardians " who police them – to see in whenever they want .
We 's Airstrip One , or Oceania , is called OneState .
Instead of puzzling over 2+2=5 , its lead character is disturbed by the square root of –1 .
There are many aspects of We that mark it out as an interesting work in its own right .
Zamyatin has a distinctive way with description : when a doctor laughs , " the blades of [ his ] scissor - lips flashed " , while a woman walks along moving her buttocks " from side to side as if she had eyes in them " .
He anthropomorphises the letters that begin his characters ' names ; it is thought he may have had synaesthesia , and identified letters with certain colours .
On the down side , Zamyatin 's structure – a series of diary entries – becomes progressively less believable the more trouble D - 503 gets himself into , while his plot is marred by confusing jumps in time and place .
A scene in which the characters fly into space unfortunately cannot help but seem laughable now .
So does it matter that Orwell borrowed plot and characters from the earlier book ?
After all , it seems clear that he made a superior work of literature out of them .
Nineteen Eighty - Four 's importance comes not so much from its plot as from its immense cultural impact , which was recognised almost immediately when it won the £ 357 Partisan Review prize for that year 's most significant contribution to literature , and which has continued to this day .
Most of the aspects and ideas of the novel that still resonate so strongly in political life are his own : newspeak , doublethink , thoughtcrime , the Thought Police , Room 101 ; the extreme use of propaganda , censorship and surveillance ; the rewriting of history ; labels and slogans that mean the opposite of what they say ; the role for Britain implied in the name Airstrip One .
References to these things pervade all levels of our culture .
Apart from the obvious , I remember an amusing NME review of an album by the laddish band Cast that read : " Imagine a trainer stamping on a human face ... for ever . "
In addition , unlike We , Nineteen Eighty - Four is written with expert control in an accessible style about a world recognisably our own , and its twists of plot – including the existence ( or not ) of the Brotherhood resistance movement – are gripping , sophisticated and convincing .
The dark , pessimistic tone of Nineteen Eighty - Four is also all Orwell's .
If any aspect of We takes the shine off Nineteen Eighty - Four , it 's that Orwell lifted that powerful ending – Winston 's complete , willing capitulation to the forces and ideals of the state – from Zamyatin .
It 's a wonderful , wrenching twist , in both books , and a perfect conclusion , though We and Nineteen Eighty - Four differ slightly in the fate of the female dissident : I - 330 is killed without giving up her beliefs , whereas Julia is broken in the same way as Winston .
Perhaps
We deserves more recognition than it has had , but if Nineteen Eighty - Four had never existed , it is extremely doubtful Zamyatin 's book would have come to fill the unique place Orwell 's work now occupies .
Nineteen Eighty - Four is an almanac of all the political ideas no " right - thinking " person would ever want their government to countenance , and the word Orwellian has come to signify a badge of shame intended to shut down any movement in that direction – with an imperfect record of success .
Notes .
The details as listed and or shown are accurate to the best of my knowledge & belief .
We try very hard to be accurate .
Before you complain about what you believe is an inaccuracy please keep in mind that all the images are of war time uniforms , medals , service ribbons and accoutrements .
In war time the " by the book " precision of a ceremonial parade may be altered or compromised .
Variations do and did exist .
If you still believe we have made a mistake please email your input with as much detail as possible .
None of the images is of a real WW2 warrior , they are all representations for interest , historical and / or educational purposes only .
Recently BitFolk has been accused of overcharging for disk space .
In general I do n’t try to defend BitFolk ’s price - point – the unmanaged VPS hosting market is flooded and it is very easy to find stuff hosted out of the US or continental Europe for just a couple of pounds per month .
Clearly I am not going to try to compete on price alone , yet BitFolk does sit firmly towards the cheap end which I feel is fair given that there is n’t a 24 - hour team of support persons in nice business premises .
This particular complaint however seems to stem from the perception that “ disk is cheap . ”
Well , yes , it is fairly cheap .
That ’s why we sell it at the “ fairly cheap ” price of £ 6/5 GiB / year ( 10 p / GiB/month ) , with no VAT added on top .
Just because you can buy a 1.5T consumer hard drive for about 9 p a gigabyte does n’t mean that you should expect to find 1GiB of usable disk space on a server in a decent datacentre for anywhere close to that figure !
I try to keep costs down by using a configuration based around 4×7.2kRPM 3.5 ″ SATA disks with hardware RAID .
I would dearly love to have a nice shared storage solution with 10 or 15 kRPM 2.5 ″ SAS disks , or even to use them as local storage .
Lack of disk I/O is the limiting factor for how many customers I can put on one machine .
The problem is that the storage costs would be around 10 times as much and the target market ( mostly people looking for cheap personal hosting ) will not pay for it .
They do n’t understand why it would be desirable ; for many of them it may not even be necessary since if they do only a little I / O they get the same performance either way .
So okay , if we resign ourselves to 4×7.2kRPM SATA disks and a RAID card as local storage , the next way to keep the price down would be to buy the disks with the sweet spot for price per gigabyte .
At the moment that would be 1T .
The problem now is that I ’d end up with roughly twice as much disk space as I could ever sell on each server .
I do n’t get to keep adding customers until the disk space runs out — the I/O operations per second run out first .
At the moment I can sell around 700 GiB per server .
I thought I would not need to explain that 2x500G in a stripe with no redundancy would be insane , but apparently not , because I am told that some people “ do n’t need RAID . ”
I have to disagree , and I feel the ~49 or so other people on the server would also disagree when the first disk failure sees their service down and all their data lost ( apart from the ones who have a backup strategy , right ?
No , really , why are you laughing ? ) .
Let ’s not go there .
If you recall , I/O is what runs out first .
So any sort of RAID - 5 configuration is a bad idea because of the read - modify - write problem .
The minimum number of disks and the most sensible RAID level then is a 4 - disk RAID - 10 .
Four 500G Western Digital Green Power drives will set me back around £ 165 +VAT .
You ’re looking at around a further £ 225 +VAT for a 3 ware 9650 RAID controller .
After the manufacturer lies are accounted for and an operating system is installed , there ’s going to be about 930 GiB of usable space left .
We ’re now at £ 390 for the lot , or 41p / GiB of usable space .
Excluding VAT .
By the way , I am repeatedly told that Linux software RAID is good enough and I need n’t bother with hardware RAID ( even a cheapy one like 3 ware ) .
I started off using Linux software RAID and still have one server using it , but that ’s due for decommissioning next month .
In general it does perform well enough .
Unfortunately , hard drives accumulate errors and the only way to find them is to read the disks looking for them .
The code for doing so on software RAID needs to be in the main operating system and the Linux mdadm package in Debian ( and presumably elsewhere ) handles it by means of a cron job that runs once a month to verify all the disks .
Because it ’s running on the host all the data has to go through the OS and while the machines are under moderate write load I have found that this verify process will take several days to complete and will impact I /O performance .
In short it ’s actually more cost effective to spend more on a RAID controller and put more customers on one machine .
Now consider the power usage .
More than 60 % of BitFolk ’s recurring hosting costs are directly related to power .
Disks are n’t huge power draws when compared to the CPU or chipset , but it ’s not an inconsiderable extra cost and it ’s often overlooked .
We ’re already up to 41p / GiB cost price , but you may be thinking that this is no problem since at 10p / GiB/ month , 700 GiB sold brings in £ 70 a month , paying for all the disks and RAID controller after about 6 months .
The reality is nothing like this .
The full price has to be paid up front to get the hardware into service , but it ’s going to be months before the server is full of paying customers .
And if those customers do n’t happen to want any extra disk space , then still around 50 % of this capacity will remain unsold .
The remaining capacity is not usable when the IOP/s have run out , but it has to be there from the start just in case there is demand .
Does 10 p / GiB / month start to look more reasonable yet ?
If not , maybe you would be better off going to a really big cloud computing vendor who can take advantage of massive economies of scale to really drive the price down for you .
Like say , Amazon S3 who will charge you $ 0.18 / GiB / month for storing stuff in Europe .
Plus $ 0.10 / GiB / month more to write it and $ 0.14 / GiB / month to read it .
Finally , the entire point of paying for a virtual server is that you do n’t need to worry about the hardware .
If it breaks , it ’s BitFolk that replaces it , hopefully without you even noticing .
If you are sitting there thinking “ I could buy a 1.5T hard disk for 9 p a GB , screw this ! ” then you just do n’t get it .
If from the outset you are prepared to manage your own hardware , and your needs justify purchasing an entire machine , then guess what ?
Do n’t buy a virtual server on someone else ’s hardware !
Buy your own hardware that is set up exactly how you want ( and please feel free to have no RAID and host it under your bed ) .
With this mindset , pretty much every “* as a Service ” product is going to look expensive to you because you have missed the point .
What ’s up with that Amare Stoudemire - to - Golden State trade ?
The short answer is “ I do n’t know . ”
Not enough ?
I do n’t blame you .
I wrote the following during my running diary on draft day :
There ’s a rumor that the Warriors might send Andris Biedrins , Marco Belinelli , Brandan Wright and the # 7 pick to Phoenix for Amare Stoudemire .
That seems like an awful lot to give up given the trades we ’ve seen go down in recent days .
But Stoudemire is a borderline franchise player , so a good center ( Biedrins ) and three prospects ( Belinelli , Wright and the # 7 pick ) does n’t seem crazy .
The Warriors drafted Stephen Curry when he fell to # 7 .
At that point , it was n’t clear whether or not he’d be headed to Phoenix as part of this trade .
Paul Coro of AZCentral.com reported that he “ likely ” was headed to the Suns .
Golden State ’s selection of Davidson point guard Stephen Curry at No. 7 was likely made for the Suns as part of an Amaré Stoudemire trade that ca n’t be completed until Wednesday .
That is because Phoenix would be acquiring Warriors center Andris Biedrins , a base - year compensation player , as part of a Stoudemire deal that would include more Warriors players , possibly power forward Brandan Wright and / or shooting guard Marco Belinelli .
The Suns were hoping they could land Curry or Arizona power forward Jordan Hill with the Warriors ’ seventh pick but had their choice after Minnesota took neither with its fifth and sixth picks .
The next day , Coro reported that the deal was all but done , but hinged on whether or not Curry was included …
With its first - round pick , Phoenix selected 6 - foot - 10 Louisville forward Earl Clark , but the bigger news was that sources said the Suns expect to complete a trade with Golden State that would send Amare Stoudemire to the Warriors next week for Davidson point guard and No. 7 pick Stephen Curry , center Andris Biedrins , power forward Brandan Wright and shooting guard Marco Belinelli .
If Curry is not included , the deal will not be made .
A trade cannot be completed until Wednesday because Biedrins , a 23 - year - old Latvian 7 - footer , is a base - year compensation player whose trade value will not match his contract number until then .
The deal needs Biedrins at his $ 9 million salary , which stays flat through 2013 - 14 , to make the trade work under NBA financial parameters .
Later , Golden State head coach Don Nelson said that the Warriors were going to keep Curry .
Nelson firmly declared the Warriors wo n’t trade Curry on Friday , quashing suspicions about Golden State ’s intentions in selecting the former Davidson star who led the nation in scoring last season .
“ He can unpack his bags and relax , ” Nelson said after welcoming Curry to Oakland .
“ He can buy a house .
We drafted him because we think he ’s a terrific player that fits right into our program .
He ai n’t going anyplace . ”
Coro tried to clarify the Suns - Warriors deal on Friday .
The Suns had an agreement in principle with Golden State about a deal that would send Amaré Stoudemire to the Warriors for Andris Biedrins , Brandan Wright , Marco Belinelli and the No. 7 pick .
It was the Suns ’ understanding that the Warriors were drafting Curry for them .
But with Biedrins ’ base - year compensation status , a deal ca n’t be completed immediately because his cap number is lower than his actual $ 9 million salary until July .
The Suns were expecting to have to wait about two weeks ( until July 8th ) for the deal to be completed .
That is a lot of time , especially when there already is a lot of talk out of Golden State about the Warriors keeping Curry .
That about - face apparently would nix the deal for the Suns .
Even today , there is still a belief in Phoenix that the deal will get pushed through under the initial agreement .
But Golden State may have been shocked that Curry was available and is having a change of heart .
There was nothing binding about the agreement .
Coro wrote yesterday that a deal sending Stoudemire to Phoenix was not dead yet .
More insiders have backed up the assertion that Phoenix thought it had a done deal going into the Warriors ’
No. 7 pick on Thursday night and believed it had Davidson point guard Stephen Curry once the pick came up .
If the Suns did not think that Curry was Phoenix - bound , would they have taken UCLA point guard Jrue Holiday at No. 14 instead of Louisville forward Earl Clark ?
We do n’t know that answer .
We just know the Suns did not think it was very likely that Holiday would drop to them at 14 ( he went 17th to Philadelphia ) .
If anything , it appeared that Holiday was rising as the draft neared .
For the Suns , the call on Holiday was going to be weighing a short track record at UCLA against the potential star quality of a hard - working , defensively strong 6 - foot - 4 point guard who has the court vision and willingness to pass .
But they really did like Clark all along and said weeks ahead of the draft that length and defense could be priorities with the pick .
In the end , the Suns really were closer to getting Arizona power forward Jordan Hill than Curry .
If Golden State planned to keep Curry all along if he was available , the Suns never had a chance at him .
Had Curry gone higher as expected , the deal could have get done with the Warriors taking Hill for the Suns .
All right , so what is going on here ?
It sounds as if the Warriors and Suns made an agreement for a Stoudemire swap , and when Golden State took Curry at # 7 , the Suns thought that pick was made for them .
If the Warriors agreed to send Curry to Phoenix , but then had a change of heart , then they reneged on the deal .
Being surprised about Curry ’s availability at # 7 is n’t a fair defense because the two teams would have had to have discussions about all of the possible scenarios .
At some point , Suns GM Steve Kerr must have said “ if Curry is available at # 7 , we want him as part of this deal ” and Warriors GM Larry Riley either agreed or disagreed .
If he agreed , then the Warriors reneged .
If he disagreed , then the Suns ( or Coro ) are being disingenuous about Curry actually being part of this deal .
If the two did n’t discuss the possibility of Curry falling to # 7 , then both general managers are incompetent .
It ’s not like Curry was a sure bet to go in the top six .
Sure , Minnesota ’s decision to draft two pure point guards back - to - back was unorthodox , but the Kings could have easily went with Ricky Rubio at # 4 and the T - Wolves might have paired Tyreke Evans with Jonny Flynn at # 5 and # 6 .
Evans had a terrific workout in Minnesota and is big enough to play off guard , so it would n’t have been shocking had Minnesota passed on Curry there .
One thing is certain — it ’s going to be interesting to watch this unfold .
Curry did n’t work out for Golden State and most indications is that he did n’t want to land in Oakland .
He is saying all of the right things now , but he ’s a mature kid , so that ’s no surprise .
Nelson and Riley might be covering their bases when they say that he ’s not going to be traded .
If the Stoudemire deal falls through due to one of his health issues ( eye , knee ) , then they do n’t want to alienate Curry .
As for a Monta Ellis / Stephen Curry backcourt , I think it can work .
Ellis is more of a slasher , while Curry is a shooter .
Even though their both small , their games actually complement each other more than most people think .
Nelson is n’t going to be concerned about size because he feels that with the pace at which the Warriors play , an Ellis / Curry combo will put a lot of pressure on the offensive end of the court and in transition .
If a deal does finally go through , it will be interesting to see if Curry is included .
After all of this drama , I do n’t see the Suns settling for just Biedrins , Wright and Belinelli ( even though that ’s not a bad deal given this economy and the certainty that Stoudemire will eventually change teams in the next year ) .
If Golden State is set on keeping Curry , but still wants to do business , they may have to throw in a future first round pick ( or include Anthony Randolph instead of Wright ) to sweeten the pot for the Suns .
Golden State would then move forward with Ellis and Curry in the backcourt , Stephen Jackson or Corey Maggette at small forward , Randolph at power forward and Stoudemire in the middle .
Conversely , the Suns would then rebuild around Clark , Biedrins and Wright , and whomever they get for Steve Nash .
Mark Hanson of the Field Check Group continues to write great analyses of the housing market .
Mark remains extremely bearish , and he attributes the recent pick - up in sales velocity to seller capitulation rather than renewed buyer demand .
Mark thinks the next segment of the market to crash will be the mid- to high - end , where many smug homeowners are now telling themselves they 'll just rent their houses for a year while they wait for the market to " come back . "
Needless to say , Mark thinks these folks are dreaming .
The mid -to - high end housing markets are on the ropes and taking a barrage of body and face blows .
Entire communities are being re-priced lower , literally overnight .
Sales transactions have increased over the past couple of months because sellers are finally capitulating .
Most of the properties being sold are from :
a ) those with lots of equity who know they better sell now or they will lose their opportunity
b ) those that know they will be able to steal the new house that they buy so it ’s a wash
c ) short sales being approved more often
d ) foreclosure resales .
Prices coming down to a point where the market clears is key to finding the ultimate bottom of the market , but it before a bottom is celebrated the market has to enter a very dark place .
Remember , in early 2008 -- as prices were only about a third the way off of the highs -- falling prices was viewed by the pundits as a great thing and needed in order for the market to heal .
But in reality long before a bottom can occur , the falling prices create a negative - equity loan default and foreclosure domino effect that does the real damage .
This overnight house price re-valuation freefall is exactly what we saw in 2007 and 2008 .
It ’s simple -- as values fall , more go into an incurable negative equity position , which lead to increased loan defaults , foreclosures , supply and lower prices .
Then this fall in prices lead to even greater amount of negative , loan defaults , foreclosures and lower prices - rinse and repeat .
Prices then keep falling until supply and demand fundamentals neutralize .
This is what we saw at the low end this year as a result of artificially low rates , foreclosure moratoria , mortgage mod initiatives and finally seasonal factors after prices were down 55 % at the median .
And now , Hanson argues , the same price collapse is coming to the mid- and high - end of the market -- where owners are now deciding that prices are about to " come back . "
Check out the anecdote below :
Because of the epidemic negative equity across the mid- to - high end , a large percentage of high - leverage exotic loans still in place , and the belief amongst the upper - crust ( or severely over - leveraged depending upon how you want to look at it ) [ that the market will come back ] many are resorting to renting vs. selling .
In every case , the homeowner or Realtor managing the lease says “ we want to wait a year or two until the market comes back ” .
Why in the world would there be such an overwhelming sense of hope among the mid-to - high end homeowners that the prices of expensive homes would come roaring back ?
If not for interest only loans , Pay Option ARMs , stated income and 100 % HELOCs the mid- to - high end would have never got there in the first place .
Two years ago , a household income of $ 100 k a year could legitimately buy an $ 800 k home with almost nothing down and afford the payments using a Pay Option ARM .
Now to buy the same house , you need $ 160 k down and an income of $ 200 k a year .
The $ 800 k home went from the majority being able to afford it , to only a few .
Remember , in the upper price bands most have to sell a home for the down payment and debt - to - income ratios required for a new loan .
Even in San Francisco City , long thought to be safe - haven for house prices , owners are resorting to renting .
A savvy money manager and real estate investor I know sent me this note yesterday I thought was worthy of sharing .
He has been scouting properties for an associate moving to town from NYC .
“ Mark , I walked through a beautiful home in Pac Heights yesterday .
Was listed at $ 6 M about a month and a half ago .
Price has been cut three times now and it currently listed at $ 4.95 M .
The amazing part is that the owner is now trying to rent it for one year ( and I quote the agent ) “ and then sell it when the market comes back . ”
When I asked her what made her think the market would come back when rates were going higher , availability of credit was down , incomes were down , unemployment was up and willingness and availability of people to spend was down , she had no answer .
Even more amazing was that we looked at four places in a similar price range and almost all of them had a similar strategy … ” rent it out for a year and then sell when things get better ” …
All these high - end people think they ’ll just keep burning through capital and that everything will self - correct in 12 - months and then go right back to the idiotic pricing levels that they themselves were crazy enough to pay .
Are people really this clueless ????
( that was rhetorical so no need to answer … ) … J
... Looking at median household incomes in every mid-to - high end area in [ California ] , I come up with the same conclusion … the mid- to - high housing bands are still 33 % to 50 % overvalued on average .
Bottom Line - I do n’t remember ever seeing such a massive supply of quality SFR ’s for rent in CA .
Rents are falling fast .
Why in the world would someone want to put down $ 500 k cash and make payments greater than that of rent in order to buy in a falling market ?
Prices have much further to go on the downside .
Unload that McMansion while you still can .
As President Obama delivered his address to the Muslim world in Cairo last week , two pivotal Middle East elections loomed in Lebanon and Iran .
The timing of Obama 's speech was impeccable , from that standpoint , several days before Lebanon 's ( held over the weekend ) , and roughly a week before Iran 's ( to be held Friday ) , in which Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will seek to retain power against rivals that have criticized his foreign policy and handling of the country 's nuclear program .
The Iranian election is perhaps more important for the U.S. : Iran is seen as the leader of an axis in Middle East politics , holding influence over its Syrian and Hezbollah allies .
Iran 's nuclear program is a growing worry both for Israel and many Arab states -- it 's a major issue in Middle East foreign policy .
The results from Lebanon 's parliamentary election are in : the U.S. - backed March 14 coalition retained power over Hezbollah .
It 's unclear whether Obama 's speech had anything to do with it , but a Hezbollah victory would not only be eyed warily by Israel ; it could be seen as a good thing for Ahmadinejad , with another anti-Israel , anti-U.S. regime prevailing .
The White House has been careful not to engage Ahmadinejad since taking power -- despite Obama 's campaign suggestion of more open relations with U.S. opponents -- most likely because it does n't want to legitimize Ahmadinejad before the election , in the hopes that he might lose , and that a friendlier president might take his place .
What 's the latest with the swine flu H1N1 virus ?
Here 's a few stories that talk to people like they are grown - ups .
From Effect Measure :
The unpredictability of flu and difficulty of making any predictions with NEJM map of flu cases
What we know is that we are confronted with a new influenza virus that is spreading with ease outside of its normal season , is infecting an age group that normally does n't get easily infected ( the 5 - 24 year olds ) , and is causing most of its serious illness and deaths in that same age group .
In North America it is now the only significant circulating flu virus , present in all 50 states .
WHO's Dr. Keiji Fukuda ( WHO presser .mp3 ) said yesterday that preliminary data from Chile , in the southern hemisphere , suggests it has similarly displaced the usual seasonal flu strains there .
64 countries have now reported over 17,000 cases and there is no doubt this virus is now a pandemic strain , whatever WHO chooses to call it .
So that 's what we know , because it is happening and we can see it .
Only WHO 's Director - General can declare a pandemic , but that seems to be not far off .
From ScienceInsider :
Here Comes Swine Flu Phase 6 , Severity 1
With a few countries in the Southern Hemisphere reporting a dramatic jump in swine flu cases , the World Health Organization is inching closer to declaring a full - scale , phase 6 pandemic .
But WHO , acknowledging that its phasing system needs fine - tuning as it relies only on geographic spread of the novel H1N1 virus , soon plans to institute a severity index to make its warning system more useful to member countries .
WHO also wants to provide more tailored guidance to individual countries to help them respond appropriately .
link
In fact , Bloomberg reports that the formal designation is just days away .
Swine flu , becoming entrenched in Australia and Chile , will prompt the World Health Organization to declare the first influenza pandemic in 41 years , said three people familiar with the agency ’s plans .
Margaret Chan , the WHO ’s director - general , will make the announcement sometime in the next 10 days , said the people , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the deliberations are private .
The agency , having spent the past five years alerting the world to the dangers of a pandemic , is now looking for a way to declare one without causing panic .
Of course , the only people panicking are cable TV .
The rest of us are taking in this story and digesting it over the last month ( the advantage of talking about it is that it becomes routine ) , or simply dealing with flu , and getting prepared to wash our hands and cover our coughs all summer .
And since it seems to have started in North America , the WHO designation does n't make a lot of difference now to the US .
Overseas , governments are finicky about being the country to cause the phase change , as if it 's somehow their fault that flu spreads like , well , flu .
Australia : Victoria ' losing control ' of swine flu spread
United Kingdom : Swine flu : how it has spread through the UK
Japan : Japan Flocks to Ostrich Masks to Help Fight Swine Flu Paranoia
By the way , Southeast Asian countries wear masks readily in public .
For the latest on masks and other interim guidance , see CDC and your local health department .
We 're in phase 5 now , and the " new " addition to the mix is the idea of separating phase 6 into severity stages , much as the Feds have already done for the US .
Swine flu ( H1N1 2009 ) looks like a cat 1 pandemic , based on current severity reports .
For an example of what a category 1 / severity 1 pandemic looks like , here 's a recent update from NYC :
Illness from H1N1 influenza continues to occur throughout New York City , with most people experiencing only mild illness .
Emergency room visits have declined somewhat after spiking dramatically during the third week of May .
As anticipated , however , the infections have caused hospitalizations and deaths .
More than 300 New Yorkers have been hospitalized with H1N1 flu since late April , and the Health Department today provided the first detailed breakdown of risk factors among those hospitalized .
A preliminary analysis of 152 hospitalized patients shows that at least 82 % have belonged to one or more groups at higher risk of severe illness or complications from influenza .
Those at higher risk of flu complications include : People who are over 65 , under age 2 , or pregnant
People with chronic lung problems , such as asthma or emphysema
People with chronic heart , kidney , liver or blood disorders
People with neurological disorders that can cause breathing problems
People with diabetes
People whose immune systems are weakened due to illness or medication
People under 18 years who are on long - term aspirin therapy
As for the fall , GAO says :
The recent outbreak of the H1N1 influenza virus should serve as a powerful reminder that the threat of a pandemic influenza , which seemed to fade from public awareness in recent years , never really disappeared .
While federal agencies have taken action on 13 of GAO ’s 23 recommendations , 10 of the recommendations that GAO has made over the past 3 years are still not fully implemented .
With the possibility that the H1N1 virus could return in a more virulent form in a second wave in the fall or winter , the administration and federal agencies should turn their attention to filling in the planning and preparedness gaps GAO ’s work has pointed out .
Want to see what a second wave in fall looks like ?
The European CDC ( ECDC ) has some great teaching material here .
1918 is a graph of deaths from the pandemic that year , whereas 1968 is a graph of influenza - like illness visits to GPs in the last pandemic the world has seen :
While we are not guaranteed a second wave this fall , every flu expert warns that we might see one ( we 're back to that uncertainty - every recent pandemic has had a second wave , but every pandemic is different . )
Be prepared for the Phase 6 announcement next week .
And give some thought to what would happen if , this fall , schools closed in your area .
Are you prepared for what that means ?
Now 's the time to shore that up if you are not .
And as far as following this story , a pandemic , even a mild one , is a worldwide health event that will hit developing countries hardest , but will affect all of us as well .
Ignoring it is the height of irresponsibility .
So , while the usual grouches might claim " this is all hype " , do yourself a favor and realize that a little preparation in advance goes a long way .
Google has been criticized as " anti-American " for using a Tetris - style logo to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the famed videogame rather than marking the 65th anniversary of the Allied invasion of Normandy .
Political leaders gathered in France this weekend to mark the 65th anniversary of D - Day , the largest amphibious invasion in history that set the stage for the eventual end of the Second World War .
Google , however , chose to commemorate a somewhat more nerdy birthday that just happened to fall around the same date :
The 25th anniversary of the creation of Tetris , one of the most popular and enduring videogames ever made .
But Google 's whimsical choice has left some observers unhappy .
" Here we are on June 6 , 2009 and , in its inimitable way , Google has decided to memorialize the important occasion by adding an image on its homepage depicting ... the computer game Tetris , " conservative columnist Warner Todd Huston wrote on NewsBusters.org .
" Yes , it 's far more important to Google to celebrate the anniversary of the invention of the video game Tetris than to memorialize D - Day .
It just warms the heart , does n't it ? "
" I have to say , though , that this is no departure for Google , a firm that finds it nearly impossible to post images celebrating any American holidays or important milestones in American history , " he continued .
" So , what we have here is just one more example of Google 's essentially anti-American policies . "
Google also took heat from WorldNetDaily writer Drew Zahn , who said that Google has " a history of ignoring major American patriotic and religious holidays . "
He further noted that while company representative Sunny Gettinger said in 2007 that the special logos " tend to be lighthearted and often scientific in nature , " Google has in the past used poppies to mark Remembrance Day and honor the war dead of Canada , Australia , Ireland and the U.K .
via : GameCulture
The Internet is a good place where people can get information and be entertained by watching videos and reading online magazines .
In the recent years , however , the internet is being used by business owners to establish their branding and perform online trading .
Now , it is claimed that you cannot be in business if you do n’t have a website and online presence .
The most popular retail store nowadays is Amazon , with millions of online products in its database .
It is also one of the hundreds / thousands of shops which is expected to take advantage of the upcoming Black Friday 2010 sales event .
Black Friday is the Friday that follows Thanksgiving in the US .
It is also considered the biggest pre-Christmas shopping event in the country because millions of people participate to take advantage of huge discounts in a wide array of goods and items .
It happens not only in the streets but also in the internet .
And Amazon knows how to play this game – very well .
If you have been visiting Amazon ’s website this month , you could have noticed some of its early sales promo called Gold Box event .
This is a pre-Black Friday online shopping event where buyers can grab items on the site with a huge discount .
Each promo items will be updated from time to time thereby , visitors can wait for the sweetest deal and add to their cart !
Items listed on this pre-Black Friday event range from DVDs to home appliances like a 55 - inch Vizio HDTV with 36 % slashed from its original price tag .
Other Gold box items features Medal of Honor for Xbox 360 and PC for a very low price .
It is undoubtedly one of the most exciting online shopping event you should n’t miss .
The online retail giant have started with its generous offers last October 29 and will last untile November 19 ( almost a week before the main shopping event ) .
Perhaps this gives the management time to prep up its deals and the people , to renew their Visa and Mastercards !
Other gadgets to look at are HDTV and Blu - Ray bundles like the 55 - inch Toshiba LED HDTV with a huge 50 % discount , blur - ray players , video consoles , popular video games and multiple genre of DVD collections are also expected to take center stage at Amazon ’s databse .
And remember , this is not the official Black Friday 2010 event !
For sure , Amazon will brew something bigger on the exact shopping day until Cyber Monday ( and perhaps until Christmas – we hope ) .
Just remember , not to be too excited and impulsive when viewing this items .
Make a comparable list since other shops like Walmart , Best Buy could be offering the same deal .
Good luck and have fun !
Source by Anthony Pineda
Share this : Facebook
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Telegram
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
Twitter
Print
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
( For full coverage on Afghanistan , double click on [ ID : nAFPAK ] )
* Attempt to break Taliban hold with decisive operation
* Taliban vow to fight back
* No casualties or major engagements reported so far
By Peter Graff
GARMSIR , Afghanistan , July 2 ( Reuters ) - Thousands of U.S. Marines stormed deep into Taliban territory in an Afghan river valley on Thursday , launching the biggest military offensive of Barack Obama 's presidency .
The Marines say Operation Khanjar , or Strike of the Sword , will be decisive and is intended to seize virtually the entire lower Helmand River valley , the heartland of the Taliban insurgency and the world 's biggest opium poppy producing region .
In swiftly seizing the valley , commanders hope to accomplish within hours what overstretched NATO troops had failed to achieve over several years , and by doing so turn the tide of a stalemated war in time for an Afghan presidential election in August .
" The intent is to go big , go strong and go fast , and by doing so we are going to save lives on both sides , " Brigadier - General Larry Nicholson , commander of the Marines in southern Afghanistan , told his staff before the operation .
With violence in the Taliban - led insurgency at its highest since the austere Islamist group 's ouster in 2001 , the operation marks the first big test of Washington 's new strategy to defeat the Taliban and its allies and stabilise Afghanistan .
[ ID : nISL507269 ]
With new tactics to win over the Afghan population and new commanders in place , the U.S. military is hoping to turn the tide of a war some in Washington have admitted they are not winning .
By 9.30 a.m. ( 0500 GMT ) , about eight hours after it began , there were no reports of casualties and only minor engagements involving insurgents shooting at Marines and then falling back , Marines spokesman Captain Bill Pelletier said .
There are thousands of Taliban fighters in their traditional strongholds in Helmand and neighbouring Kandahar , from which the insurgency has spread in recent months .
While there were few initial skirmishes , the Taliban has vowed to fight back .
" Thousands of Taliban mujahideen are ready to fight against U.S. troops in the operation in Helmand province , " Mullah Hayat Khan , a senior Afghan Taliban commander , told Reuters in Pakistan by telephone from an undisclosed location .
Afghanistan 's Defence Ministry said the operation was meant to regain control of districts held by the Taliban and make it safe for Afghanis to vote in the elections .
WAVES OF HELICOPTERS
Wave upon wave of helicopters landed Marines in the early morning darkness throughout the valley , a crescent of opium poppy and wheat fields criss - crossed by canals and dotted with mud -brick homes .
Entrenched fighters defied NATO forces there for years .
A Reuters reporting team drove in an armoured convoy with third platoon of Fox Company , 2nd Batallion , 8th Marines .
The Marines dismounted before dawn and fanned out into the fields alongside the river as the sun rose .
Hundreds more Marines raced by ground in convoys through a barren area known as the Desert of Death .
About 4,000 Marines surged forward and thousands more were mobilised to assist them , an operation by foreign troops on a scale unseen in Afghanistan since the Soviet withdrawal in 1989 .
The Marines hope by appearing suddenly and in overwhelming numbers , they can capture some of the Taliban 's firmest strongholds with little resistance .
" Towns that were the Taliban heartland will fall .
They will fall quickly .
And hopefully they will fall without a shot .
That 's our intent , " Nicholson said .
The 10,000 Marines in Helmand Province , 8,500 of whom arrived in the past two months , form the biggest wave of an escalation ordered by Obama .
The new U.S. president has declared the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan and neighbouring Pakistan to be America 's main foreign threat .
Under Obama , the U.S. force in Afghanistan is more than doubling to an anticipated 68,000 troops by year 's end , many of them diverted from Iraq .
Other Western countries have about 33,000 troops in Afghanistan .
[ ID :nSP519740 ]
Up until now , British - led NATO troops in helmand have lacked the manpower to hold territory it cleared in heavy fighting .
Large areas of Helmand have been outside government control .
It produces the biggest share of Afghanistan 's opium crop , which accounts for 90 percent of the world 's heroin .
The drug crop is closely tied to the insurgency and the Taliban are mainly funded by the opium trade .
[ ID :nSP501910 ]
Launching such a bold operation carries great risk .
A protracted , bloody fight could erode support for the war in the United States , among its NATO allies and Afghans .
Taliban fighters have had years to reinforce positions among the valley 's irrigation ditches and canals .
They have fiercely resisted past advances .
But U.S. and NATO commanders hope a rapid , decisive victory in the Helmand Valley will prove the tipping point of the war .
" We 're going to seize the population from the Taliban and never let them go , " Lieutenant - Colonel Christian Cabaniss , commander of the 2nd battalion , 8th Marines , told his troops before they set out in armoured convoys .
( Additional reporting by Sayed Salahuddin , Golnar Motevalli and Jonathon Burch in Kabul and Saeed Ali Achakzai in Pakistan ; Writing by Paul Tait ; Editing by Jerry Norton )
On June 1 , city inspector general David Hoffman joined the chorus slamming the $ 1.16 billion parking meter lease agreement as a loser for taxpayers .
The next day Mayor Daley struck back , holding a press conference to offer an impassioned , occasionally coherent defense of the deal .
Gripping the podium like it was Hoffman 's neck , Daley informed the City Hall press corps that he and his administration , including chief of staff Paul Volpe , would never , ever enter into a contract that was n't great for the city .
" My chief of staff detailed — detailed ! — why we think this is a very , very responsible agreement , " Daley said .
" As mayor it is my job to be responsible . "
When reporters asked about Hoffman 's suggestion — endorsed by a growing number of aldermen — that any future sale of a public asset be subjected to " independent analysis " before being finalized , Daley snapped that the city had commissioned outside experts to do just that , most notably the Chicago - based investment firm William Blair & Company .
" This agreement had the best professional people with regard to this agreement , " he said .
When asked why that company had been selected , as opposed to any of the dozens of other investment firms around the country , Daley became indignant : " Those are good people ! "
This testy exchange with reporters turned the spotlight , if only for an instant , on one element of the parking meter agreement that 's so far received very little attention : the battery of well - connected , highly paid financial and legal consultants who executed the deal on the city 's behalf — and who are immune from the regulations that govern most contractors doing business with the city .
In April the Reader published a cover story explaining how the deal went down : City officials worked on it for months , refusing to disclose to the public even basic information such as who had bid on the contract and how much .
Then , two days after the first announcement about the agreement , and before aldermen had seen copies of it , the City Council voted to approve it .
In May we published a second cover piece , revealing that the meters had been leased for a fraction of their actual worth .
The taxpayers had been hosed .
Why ?
The implementation of the plan has been a mess : parking rates have doubled , mislabeled and malfunctioning meters have led to citations , and response from LAZ Parking , the firm contracted to run the system , has been less than acceptable .
In the weeks since our first story was published , angry residents have been pelting their aldermen with complaints .
The aldermen , in turn , have gotten outraged as well , ordering city lawyers to investigate whether the contract can be terminated and passing an ordinance requiring a 15 - day waiting period before the sale of an asset can be approved .
At the end of May a spokesman for Illinois attorney general Lisa Madigan announced that she had launched an investigation into the " transaction and implementation " of the parking meter deal .
And then Hoffman , a mayoral appointee , released his scathing report , charging that the city had rushed into the " dubious " deal and estimating that it had handed off the meters for barely half their value .
Daley and other top administration officials now say the meter agreement was the result of more than a year and a half of study , legal work , and competitive pricing .
" The city conducted a robust , open , transparent , and competitive bid process , " Volpe said , in a prepared response to Hoffman 's report .
William Blair had determined that the meters could fetch between $ 650 million and $ 1.2 billion on the open market , he said , and the winning bid was at the upper end of that range .
But the sad fact is that city officials have avoided openness and transparency almost every step of the way .
And they do n't appear to be changing their tune now , as we attempt to determine exactly how William Blair was chosen to evaluate the deal and what its role was in pulling the agreement together .
One thing they 've conceded , however , is that there was no bidding process for the job : they say Blair was deemed to have expertise that made it particularly suitable for this kind of work .
But our latest investigation — piecing together public documents , records of City Council hearings , interviews with elected officials and financial experts , company profiles , and previous news reports — reveals that there 's a lot more to the story :
a Not only did William Blair advise the city on the deal — it came up with the idea in the first place .
Then it provided the city with the only estimate it ever received of what the system was worth and coordinated the bidding process .
a Two other financial services firms and three law firms were brought in to assist .
All were given no - bid contracts for the work , and all appear to have political or personal ties to the Daley administration ( which is not unusual for the way the city of Chicago does business ) .
a The financial advisers were each paid a share of what the city made in cash on the lease deal .
William Blair received 0.375 percent of the payout , or about $ 4.3 million , according to records obtained from the city through a FOIA request .
The others , Gardner Rich and Ramirez & Company , each received 0.0625 percent , or $ 722,813 .
The attorneys ' fees added up to another $ 1.3 million .
All told , the city paid its legal and financial advisers more than $ 7 million for their work on the deal .
a At the same time they were helping the city prepare and conduct the bidding process for the parking meter lease , all of the financial firms , including William Blair , were working on other multibillion - dollar deals with the company that emerged as the winning bidder , Morgan Stanley .
The overlapping relationships are in violation of the city 's own contracting rules .
a Partners in two of the three law firms hired to work on the deal had previously donated money to Mayor Daley 's campaign .
City rules ban contributions to the mayor from employees of city contractors but do n't apply to law firms .
aTogether the lawyers and financial advisers — not anyone in city government — determined who would control the parking meter system for the next several generations and how much money they 'd make off it .
But as private entities , none of these firms are required by law to disclose to the public how they arrived at their plan .
And none would talk to us for this story .
Needless to say , it 's standard operating procedure for the city to hire financial firms to help with big - money transactions and outside attorneys for work on everything from defending against lawsuits to negotiating labor agreements .
But city officials are bound by few rules in determining who gets these lucrative jobs and why , and thanks to a gaping loophole in city procurement rules , the contracts for them are rarely put up for bid .
Mark Hands , a managing deputy procurement officer for the city , said city contracts are competitively bid on except in those instances where certain firms demonstrate a " unique or exclusive capability " for goods or services the city needs .
" The Illinois Municipal Code exempts contracts ' which by their very nature are not adapted to award by competitive bidding , such as but not limited to contracts for the services of individuals possessing a high degree of professional skill where the ability or fitness of the individual plays an important part , ' " Hands explains .
The city brings on private - sector lawyers for three reasons , according to law department spokeswoman Jenny Hoyle : they have expertise city attorneys lack , an outside attorney is needed to avoid a conflict of interest , or the city does n't have enough lawyers available .
Private lawyers are selected by the city 's top lawyer , the corporation counsel , " based on their expertise in the relevant areas of the law , " Hoyle said .
Word that the city had plans for a " super secret " long - term lease for the parking meters first went public in a leak to Sun - Times columnist Michael Sneed .
On October 17 , 2007 , she wrote , " Sneed is told Mayor Daley 's fiscal advisers are working on a deal to privatize the city 's parking meters , which could potentially reap 1 BILLION bucks for the cash - strapped city . "
She reported that the city had hired legal and financial advisers to help .
In fact , the advisers had been working on the deal for months .
In his recent press conference , as he tried to ward off criticism that the deal had been rushed , Daley pointed to a placard showing a timeline of the meter privatization process .
This was the first time reporters had been shown these dates , and they indicated that the city hired William Blair in June 2007 , four months before Sneed tipped us off that something was afoot , to begin " preliminary due diligence . "
" This was n't an idea just picked out of a hat to do this , " Daley said .
" This had been talked about for two years ! "
When pressed for details on how and why William Blair was hired , Daley turned to Volpe , who said the firm had specialized experience in municipal finance — as did the two other firms that had worked as financial consultants on the deal , Ramirez & Company and Gardner Rich .
" There are very few firms that are qualified in this area , " Volpe said .
The city has so far been unable or unwilling to provide more information on those qualifications .
Daley and Volpe have boasted that Chicago 's long - term lease agreements have become a model that other municipalities are now seeking to emulate .
But other cities have found other ways to do business .
For instance , in January Pittsburgh mayor Luke Ravenstahl announced that he wanted to explore leasing his city 's public parking garages and meters in return for cash he could pour into the city 's pension fund .
A few weeks later the authority that oversees Pittsburgh 's parking system invited firms to submit proposals for an analysis of the idea .
It received nine responses and determined four were qualified .
Next a committee made up of city officials , an authority attorney , an authority board member , and a union representative interviewed the firms before recommending a winner at a public meeting of the authority 's board .
Board members then approved up to $ 100,000 for the study .
The winner was Scott Balice Strategies , a woman - owned financial advisory firm based in Chicago .
As evidence of their commitment to " transparency , " Daley administration officials often point to the city 's Department of Procurement Services
Web page , which includes a searchable database of city contracts , contractor records , and payment histories .
But the site does n't include any information about William Blair 's work on the parking meter deal .
Nor does it say anything about Gardner Rich or Ramirez & Company .
Mark Hands said the information was n't in the database because the firms were selected not through a procurement process but by the city 's budget office .
On Friday , May 8 , we requested an interview with Volpe to discuss the origin and terms of the deal , but budget department spokesman Pete Scales asked that we submit our questions in writing to him instead .
Among those we sent in the following Monday : How was William Blair selected to consult on the meter lease agreement ?
How much was the company paid ?
Scales had n't responded to us by May 27 , when we submitted Freedom of Information
Act requests for copies of the agreement between the city and William Blair and all records generated by the firm during its work on the meter deal .
The Illinois Freedom of Information
Act requires a written response in seven working days , and Scales promised to get back to us .
But he did n't respond to numerous follow - up calls and e-mails over the next couple of weeks .
Finally , on Friday , June 12 , just before 5 PM ( not the first time we 've heard back from the city at the end of the day on a Friday ) , he e-mailed us a copy of a " confidential " agreement between William Blair and the city outlining the company 's responsibilities and pay rate on the parking meter deal .
He also referred us to some documents , including the meter lease agreement and payment totals to William Blair , that had apparently just been posted on the Web site of the city 's Department of Finance .
The agreement with William Blair that he forwarded us was dated January 7 , 2008 — a full six months after the date Daley gave for the commencement of the firm 's work on the deal .
Why was there a delay ?
Why did n't the city draw up a contract before the work began ?
Would the company possibly have worked for half a year without the compensation outlined in a contract ?
Scales did n't respond to e-mails asking those questions .
The agreement describes the company 's work on the deal in the broadest terms :
It was to " familiarize itself to the extent it deems appropriate " with the parking meter system , then " provide the City with financial advice and assistance " on a lease deal , such as conducting financial analysis and research , " developing and implementing " the solicitation of companies interested in bidding , and helping the city negotiate financial terms on the deal .
It instructs the firm to work with Ramirez & Company and Gardner Rich as co-advisers and lays out what they 'll be paid .
We 've pieced together additional facts from documents the city provided in response to earlier questions we had about the value of the meter system .
They suggest that William Blair oversaw nearly every aspect of the lease agreement .
Companies interested in bidding on the meters were told to contact Tom Lanctot , a top official at the firm , and the official bids were opened at William Blair 's headquarters under Lanctot 's direction .
Blair 's
Web site notes that the company was the principal player in an earlier privatization effort : the leasing of the city 's downtown parking garages , which in 2006 were turned over for 99 years to a partnership led by Morgan Stanley in return for $ 563 million in cash up front .
" Our P3 team , " for public - private partnership , " originated the idea for the long - term concession and lease of the 9,178 space Chicago Downtown Public Parking System , " it says .
Blair was paid $ 2.2 million for its work on that deal , according to the city .
The company 's site also explains that the firm was even more deeply involved in the meter deal .
" In our role as lead financial advisor , we managed a Request for Qualifications process to identify prospective bidders , developed a Confidential Information Memorandum , organized and presented bidder information meetings and system tours , structured the financial aspects of the concession , led the negotiation of the Concession Agreement , coordinated the bidder due diligence process and managed the competitive bidding process that involved North American and international bidders . "
And there 's one more thing : " William Blair & Company originated the idea for the transaction . "
We called and then e-mailed Lanctot asking what that meant .
Did someone at the company actually suggest to Mayor Daley that he lease the meters ?
If so , when ?
Lanctot did n't respond , but a few minutes after our e-mail was sent , Tony Zimmer , Blair 's spokesman , called .
He referred us to Pete Scales .
The city has been no more forthcoming regarding Gardner Rich and Ramirez & Company .
But both are minority - owned firms — a crucial political consideration , given that the city 's low minority contracting numbers are a regular source of contention in the otherwise pliant City Council .
All three financial firms were well - known to administration officials — and to each other — before the meter deal was under way .
Last fall the Sun - Times reported that William Blair had donated at least $ 104,500 over the previous two years to After School Matters , a charity founded and run by Mayor Daley 's wife , Maggie .
William Blair 's chairman , Edgar D. Jannotta , serves on the board of directors of Aon , which was founded and led for years by Patrick Ryan .
Ryan retired from
Aon last year and now serves at Daley 's behest as chairman and CEO of Chicago 's Olympic bid committee .
Gardner Rich also has ties to the city 's political establishment .
The firm is led by CEO Christopher P. Gardner , whose rags - to - riches story was the basis of the 2006 movie The Pursuit of Happyness .
In 1994 Mayor Daley appointed Gardner to the School Finance Authority , a board that at the time oversaw school - reform policy for the Chicago Public Schools .
Over the last few years his firm has worked on more than $ 1 billion worth of bond issues for the city , schools , Park District , and Water Reclamation District .
" The day Richie is no longer mayor is the day I move out of here , " Gardner told the Sun - Times in 2006 .
In September 2007 Volpe announced that Ramirez & Company would be one of the chief managers of a $ 2 billion bond issue , the city 's biggest led by minority - owned firms .
Aldermen were pleased at the news ; Volpe said the council and administration both deserved credit .
" Our joint efforts to help grow the size and capacity of minority - owned firms have resulted in a larger , stronger stable of firms from which we can choose when we seek to issue bond transactions . "
The truth , though , is that in recent years the city and other local government entities have typically relied on the same small group of firms for their big financial deals .
Gardner Rich received $ 252,080 from the city for helping lease the Skyway in 2005 , and along with Morgan Stanley was hired to work with Ramirez on the 2007 city bond issue .
Ramirez was paid $ 351,875 to assist Blair with leasing the parking garages , and last July it was hired to work on a $ 150 million bond issue for Cook County — a deal that caused a minor stir because Morgan Stanley was also employed to work on it not long after hiring William Daley Jr. , nephew of both the mayor and his brother John , chairman of the county board 's finance committee .
But what may have been just as notable about the county bond deal was the potential for conflicts of interest it created in the city 's parking meter leasing process .
At the same time Ramirez was advising the city on its " robust , open , transparent , and competitive bid process " for the meters , the firm was also working on a county bond issue with one of the bidders — the one , in fact , that ended up winning the contract .
And that 's just one of several instances where the advisers on the meter deal were working alongside the winning bidder , Morgan Stanley , even as the bidding process was going on .
In March 2008 Gardner Rich and Morgan Stanley helped the city issue up to $ 560 million in water revenue bonds .
That same month Morgan Stanley , William Blair , and Ramirez & Company all worked on a $ 2 billion bond deal for the CTA .
Experts say there 's no reason that a firm with a history of working successfully with the city should n't be hired again .
But they stress that it's not smart for a government to simultaneously use the same firms as advisers and bond managers .
" It is definitely inadvisable because it reduces independent judgment — which is what governments need when making investment decisions , " says H. Woods Bowman , a professor of economics , finance , and ethics at DePaul who served as the county 's chief financial officer in the 1990s .
But , he added , " I presume you will agree that what 's weird elsewhere is sometimes normal in Chicago . "
Normal or not , the overlapping relationships of the lease deal 's top adviser and winning bidder appear to skirt the city 's own contracting rules .
The city 's procurement law , posted on its Web site , says , " If the contracting parties assist the city in determining the advisability or feasibility of a project or in recommending , researching , preparing , drafting or issuing a request for proposals or bid specifications for a project , the Contracting Parties must not participate , directly or indirectly , as a prime , subcontractor or joint venturer in that project . "
" The Contracting Parties may , however , assist the city in reviewing the proposals or bids for the project if none of the contracting parties have a relationship with the persons or entities that submitted the proposals or bids for that project . "
Every big government financial deal also needs lawyers , and the meter lease was no exception .
Among the firms who performed legal work for the deal were those who worked on the big CTA bond issue at the same time : Katten Muchin Rosenman and Gonzalez Saggio & Harlan .
They were joined by a third , Charity & Associates .
Law department spokeswoman Jenny Hoyle said the firms were picked by corporation counsel Mara Georges and first deputy corporation counsel Jim McDonald , the primary city lawyer working on the meter deal .
They were chosen for their expertise " and the fact that they met our diversity objectives in the retention of outside counsel , " Hoyle said .
Work on the meter deal was divided up among the three firms .
According to Hoyle , Katten wrote the lease agreement and researched state legal issues .
Gonzalez Saggio wrote the ordinance authorizing the city to enter into the agreement — which the City Council passed by a 40 - 5 vote .
And Charity " worked on operating standards and real estate aspects , " Hoyle says .
The firms were paid $ 475 per lawyer per hour , according to letters the city sent the firms outlining the scope of their work .
By the time the work was done Katten had been paid $ 662,759.64 , Gonzalez Saggio $ 162,461.50 , and Charity $ 522,485.50 .
All three law firms have long - standing relationships with the mayor and his administration .
Since the 2005 Hired Truck scandal , when the Sun - Times revealed that politically connected trucking firms were paid millions to do little or no work , the city has been sending a letter to contractors warning them that it " prohibits bidders , contractors and subcontractors from making political contributions to the Mayor or his fundraising committee . "
But law firms hired by the city are n't covered by these contracting rules , and according to state campaign finance records , since 2001 attorneys with Katten have written Daley checks adding up to more than $ 33,000 .
Meanwhile the city paid the firm a total of $ 160,000 for legal work on the leases of the Skyway and downtown parking garages .
But if Katten has a special connection to Mayor Daley , it 's through partner Terry Newman .
According to the Katten Web site , Newman 's legal specialty is " real estate taxation , " but he 's known around town as one of the mayor 's best friends .
Before joining the firm he worked as a prosecutor under the mayor , then the Cook County state 's attorney .
Over the last 15 years , Newman has been mentioned frequently in local gossip columns as a regular at Daley 's private parties .
" As often as three nights a week Daley indulges in a ' boys ' night out , ' " Fran Spielman wrote in the Sun - Times in 1995 .
" Around the dinner table at Carlucci's , Marche or Parrinello's is what one friend calls a ' floating crap game of associates . '
The list almost always includes Loop attorney Terry Newman , a jovial type considered one of the mayor 's closet friends . "
In 1992 the mayor appointed Newman to the board of trustees of the City Colleges of Chicago ; he 's now its secretary .
He 's also the chairman of the board of directors for After School Matters .
In November 2006 Newman cohosted a $ 1,000 - a- ticket fund - raiser for Daley .
The other firms have their own ties to the administration .
Elvin Charity , one of the partners in Charity & Associates , has donated about $ 3,500 to Daley since 2001 and thousands of dollars more to the coffers of many aldermen , including Ed Burke , chairman of the City Council 's finance committee , which held the hearings on the parking meter deal .
In 1992 the mayor tapped Charity for the Community Development Commission , which oversees the tax increment financing program ; he served until 2000 .
In 2006 the city paid Charity & Associates $ 420,000 for legal work on the lease of the downtown parking garages .
Gonzalez Saggio & Harlan has been paid thousands of dollars over the last three years for work related to the city 's potential leasing of its garbage sorting centers .
The partner who worked on the parking meter deal was Timothy Wright , who recently served as the attorney for his own former law partner , Senator Roland Burris , who 's also donated to the mayor and numerous aldermen over the last several years .
Another Gonzalez partner , Ferhan Hamid , worked as an assistant comptroller for the Daley administration , where , according to his bio , he was an " integral part " of the city finance team that worked out long - term lease deals for the Skyway , Midway airport , and the parking garages .
The company that won the rights to the parking garages ?
Morgan Stanley .
In its damning report on the agreement , the inspector general 's office concluded that the city may have leased the meters for $ 974 million less than they were worth .
The reason , the report concluded , was that William Blair 's calculations of the system 's value were all done from the perspective of an investor — they were based on what that investor might be willing and able to pay for the meters , not what their value was to the city .
" The City should have conducted this analysis so that its decision about whether to lease the parking - meter system now — and if so , under what terms — could be made in the most informed fashion possible , " the report states .
" The failure to conduct this analysis strongly suggests that the decision had already been made that the City was going to lease the meters for the best - available price on the market . "
The report did n't address questions such as why that analysis was n't conducted , who made the decisions to put the system on the market regardless of other factors , how it was determined which advisers would be brought in , how much decision - making power they would have , whether any conflict - of - interest safeguards were put into place , and just what communications occurred among all of the parties while the deal was being conceived , designed , and executed .
The public does n't have any of these answers .
The companies involved are n't required to say .
The mayor and his top aides say they 're committed to transparency .
But so far nobody 's talking .
v
Care to comment ?
See this story at chicagoreader.com , where you 'll also find our previous reports on the parking meter lease deal and our blog , Clout City .
In The White House , Nobody Knows
You ’re a Dog
Well this just sums up the past two weeks , now does n’t it ?
( Thanks , Michael Derry ! )
Advertising networks and widgets are being cited as the key factors in the performance problems experienced by major news sites during the crush of Internet traffic Thursday as news broke about the death of pop star Michael Jackson .
Keynote Systems , which provided early data on the sluggishness of news sites Thursday , released an analysis late Friday that highlighted the role of third - party content .
" Our measurement data shows that for sites reported as having performance slowdowns yesterday , internal content delivered quite fast , however content that came from other sources contributed most to the site slowdowns , " said Shawn White , director of external operations at Keynote Systems .
Many news web sites use advertising networks rather than serving ads from their own servers .
This practice allows them to outsource some of their ad sales , but ties their site performance to the speed of the ad network 's servers .
Keynote 's analysis highlights the challenges of including third - party content in high - traffic sites , even as social networks help the web grow ever - more interconnected .
It also exposes a tough problem for ad - supported sites in an online economy built around pageviews - the moments of heaviest Internet traffic offer potential gains , but can also be the most difficult to monetize .
Organization with significant news traffic can optimize for spikes , but ad servers and the content they provide are often outside the control of the IT organizations of the news site , according to Keynote 's White .
Delays Frustrate Users
" This is an important distinction , because in some cases , depending upon how a site is constructed or how the Web browser is used , a page may display perfectly fine with a blank area where a third party image should have been shown , " he said .
" In other cases , the entire Web page will wait until that last image is downloaded from the third party advertisement service , frustrating the reader . "
ABC.com 's news content " was consistently served in a matter of seconds whereas some of the third party content took much longer , " according to Keynote , which said news sites should require third party content providers such as ad networks to certify the capacity of their networks , perform regular load tests from around the globe , and have strong Service Level Agreements ( SLAs ) in place .
Speed and the ' Widget Economy '
The performance of third - party content is also key in the " widget economy " developing around social networks .
Last summer white - label social network provider Ning cited performance issues in banning a popular widget developer from its platform .
Facebook has also had to turn off third - party apps that slowed the site 's performance .
Here are several useful resources for addressing third - party content performance :
Steve Souders of Google , author of High Performance web sites , recently blogged about the performance problems associated with iframes , which are often used to deliver ads .
The recent Velocity 2009 conference included several presentations on site acceleration strategies and ways to package third - party content .
Dare Obasanjo has a post titled Best Practices for Web Sites Seeking to Prevent Service Degradation due to 3rd Party Widgets .
. Mike Davidson has previously offered strategies for preventing widgets from slowing your site .
RELATED STORIES :
Nearly40 years after Americans first set foot on the moon on July 20 , 1969 withNASA 's historic Apollo 11 flight , a host of private rocketeers are hoping tofollow to win a $ 30 million prize .
Here , SPACE.com looks at ARCA , one of 17teams competing in the Google Lunar X Prize :
FormerX Prize contenders such as the Romanian team ARCA could have called it a daywhen Scaled Composites ' SpaceShipOne won the $ 10 million Ansari X Prize on Oct.4 , 2004 .
Instead , ARCA hopes to build on its previous effort to reach the moonand win the Google Lunar X Prize and even more prize money .
" Wehave the experience now , we have the know - how , we have a list of companies thatcan help us , we have connections , " said Bogdan Sburlea , ARCA ( Aeronauticsand Cosmonautics Romanian Association ) project manager .
" We already have sometechnology from the previous competition . "
Thattestedtechnology includes a balloon that can carry ARCA 's European Lunar Explorer ( ELE ) space probe into the upper atmosphere , eliminating the need for atraditional launch pad and allowing ARCA to launch close to the equator from asea platform .
The " 0 " pressure balloon design is similar to a giantblack hot - air balloon that uses solar energy to heat the air inside , instead ofthe burner that normal hot - air balloons use .
Oncethe balloon soars above 11 miles ( 18 km ) , the three - stage rocket slung belowwill fire and boost itself into low Earth orbit .
ELE will then travel to themoon and deploy its Lunar Lander , which resembles a knobby rubber ball thatuses its own rocket engine to ensure a soft landing .
TheGoogleLunar X Prize requires teams to land a robot on the moon , move at least 1,640 feet ( 500 meters ) and beam high definition views back to Earth .
ARCA 'sround lander would skim the lunar surface using its rocket engine .
Unlikesome teams with plans for lunar roversor crawlers , ARCA sprang for the easiest lunar lander they could design .
The team 's focus is on getting to the moon , as opposed to what happens oncethey get there .
" Ourdesign for the lander is extremely simple , it 's a sphere , " Sburlea said .
" It 's too complicated , too expensive to build a robot . "
ARCAcompleted propulsion tests of its STABILO hybrid rocket launcher in March , aspart of its switch from single propellant propulsion .
Team leader DumitruPopescu also suffered health problems that led the team to delay its initial plannedlaunch last fall .
Theissue of expense hangs over allthe teams competing for the Google Lunar X Prize .
ARCA has lined up privatesponsors within Romania for different parts of the effort , such as fuel andmaterials , and is confident that it can accomplish its goals fairly cheaply .
Mostmembers of the ARCA team have volunteered their time for the effort , heeding the call of team leader Dumitru Popescu to promote Romanian space efforts .
Thenonprofit group may not draw much financial support from the Romaniangovernment , but that 's the entire point — to blaze the way for futureprivate space endeavors .
" Wewo n't use $ 30 million , " Sburlea noted , referring to the total awards pursefor the Lunar X Prize .
" We know for sure that it 's going to be much lessfrom previous experience , previous launches . "
The$ 30 million Google Lunar X Prize breaks down into a $ 20 million grand prize forfirst place , $ 5 million for second place , and an additional $ 5 million bonus .
By comparison , the Ansari X Prize that ARCA was previously aiming for anawarded $ 10 million .
Sburleasaid he had expected the next X Prize to build on the Ansari X Prize by askingteams to put a man into orbit .
However , he added that the Google Lunar X Prizegoal may actually ease some of the pressure on thecompetitors .
" Weare not talking about manned spaceflight , " Sburlea said .
" Ifsomething goes wrong , so what ?
Nobody dies . "
( CNN ) -- Former teacher Charlene Schmitz is behind bars in a federal detention center in Tallahassee , Florida , serving 10 years for using texts and instant messages to seduce a 14 - year - old student .
Charlene Schmitz makes $ 51,000 a year , even though she has been fired and is in prison .
She has been fired from her job as a reading teacher at the high school in Leroy , Alabama .
But she is still collecting a paycheck .
Schmitz is appealing her federal conviction -- and her firing .
State charges filed in connection with the case are pending .
Under the law in Alabama , she is still entitled to her $ 51,000 - a- year salary while she appeals her firing .
School officials are not happy that they now have to pay both Schmitz and her replacement .
But her attorney says they must obey the law .
On Valentine 's Day 2008 , a jury found Schmitz guilty of two federal charges of enticing a child by electronic means , and she received the 10 - year sentence .
Three weeks after her conviction , the school board sent the tenured reading teacher a notice of its intent to terminate her .
The school board officially fired Schmitz at a meeting in late March .
Schmitz and her employment attorney , Henry Caddell , filed an appeal with the school board .
The state defines its teachers as tenured by their time of service and experience .
The Alabama Teacher Tenure Law , meant to protect tenured teachers from unfair firings , gives them a chance to appeal their firings with the board .
A change made to the law in 2004 requires the board to continue paying Schmitz until her employment appeal is heard and decided by an arbitrator .
" Ms. Schmitz is entitled to receive pay until all this is determined , " Caddell said .
The school board would like nothing more than to have an arbitrator hear Schmitz 's case so it can move on , but the law is not on its side .
In Alabama , when there are parallel criminal and civil cases , all criminal charges must be resolved before any civil matters can be dealt with .
Schmitz must exhaust all avenues of appeal before the criminal case can be considered resolved .
A three - judge panel has turned down her initial federal appeal , but her criminal attorney , Donald Briskman , has asked a full panel of judges to review the case .
Briskman said there was n't enough evidence to support a conviction .
" We feel that there were some leaps the jury would have had to make to reach that decision , " Briskman said .
If the request for a full panel of judges is unsuccessful , the case could be appealed all the way to the United States Supreme Court .
According to school board attorney Martin Pierson , the fight is far from over when the federal case is settled .
Charges are pending at the state level .
That could mean another trial and the likelihood of more appeals .
The criminal appeals could delay the employment appeal for years .
Washington County School District Superintendent Tim Savage says that because the board must now pay both Schmitz and her replacement , the schools and the students are the poorer for it .
" It 's taking money out from in front of students , and that 's just wrong , " Savage said .
The school board has tried another avenue to get an emergency stop in Schmitz 's pay , but a judge overruled the attempt and told the board to wait on the arbitrator 's ruling .
" The theory behind the law is good , " Pierson said .
If a teacher feels that he or she is unfairly fired or accused of something by the board , they get a chance to have an outside arbitrator hear the case while continuing to collect pay to support their families .
" She has always maintained her innocence , " Briskman said of Schmitz .
" It 's not my job to do the judging , but a jury has convicted her , " Savage retorted .
None of the attorneys could say when the case and all its appeals might be resolved .
All About Criminal Sentencing and Punishment • Sexual Offenses
You may have noticed a recent trend of trying to fit every hackneyed doomsday prophecy into the same red-letter year of 2012 .
The theories are obtuse , their connections are flimsy and the perceived consequences are completely unsubstantiated .
6 The Mayans
The Mayans are probably the most - quoted of the 2012 doom prophecies , and can perhaps be credited with getting the whole fad started .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Back when they were an advanced civilization living in Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula about 3,000 years ago , they developed around 15 to 20 calendars , all with a slightly different purpose : the Tzolk 'in was used to calculate crop cultivation , the Haab followed the cycles of the sun and the Long Count ticked off the harrowing last days until face - bursting ultimate destruction .
It 's all fairly self - explanatory .
The Long Count calculates a period of time known as the Great Cycle , which is a count of about 5,125.36 years .
Scholars paired up the dates of the Long Count with Gregorian calendars and found that the current Great Cycle began August 13 , 3114 B.C , and ends on December 21st , 2012 .
Dum dum DUUUUUMMM !!!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Bolstering their theory is that the date coincides with a winter solstice during which the Sun will align with the center of the Milky Way galaxy .
When that happens , some say the Earth 's poles will shift and every horrible natural disaster imaginable will come together to form a Megazord of planet crushing assbeat .
What Predictions ( Supposedly ) Came True ?
Uh ...
It 's a calendar .
It accurately predicts the rise of the sun every day .
Otherwise nothing .
Why it Might be Bullshit :
First of all , the end of the Long Count holds no more significance than Dick Clark 's Rockin ' New Year 's Eve : the Maya just had a celebration and then started a new calendar .
Even they did n't think it was going to be the end of the world , and even if they had , why the fuck would they be expected to know ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As for the winter solstice thing , that 's just when the Sun is at its greatest distance from Earth .
Our poles shifting because the Sun is aligned with the center of the Milky Way makes about as much scientific sense as saying you should n't drive at sunset because your car might crash into the sun .
Besides , the solstice occurs in June in the southern hemisphere , so if the world looks like it 's going to end we can all just move to Australia .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Human Genome Sciences
Inc said on Monday that its experimental lupus drug succeeded in a late - stage clinical trial , shocking many who had written the product off , and sending the stock up more than 200 percent .
The results showed patients who took the drug , Benlysta , demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in the symptoms of their disease compared with those taking a placebo .
“ This is a classic binary event in biotech , ” said Ian Somaiya , an analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners .
“ You have a disease that ’s difficult to treat , nothing ’s ever worked and you have a unique scenario in that the trial was actually successful . ”
The outcome makes Human Genome the latest in a series of biotech companies to have caught investors flat - footed , reinforcing the volatile nature of a sector where success and failure depend largely on clinical trial data and on decisions by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Sometimes , reading the FDA is like trying to read smoke signals .
Earlier this year , the agency astounded Wall Street by approving Vanda Pharmaceuticals
Inc ’s schizophrenia drug , pulling the company back from the brink of collapse after even its most bullish supporters had thrown in the towel .
A wrong - way bet on a single trial can leave investors impaled .
As of Friday , about 10 percent of Human Genome ’s publicly traded shares , or 13 million , had been sold short , meaning those investors were betting the trial would fail .
On the other hand , for those who held on , the rewards were spectacular .
As of March 31 , when Human Genome ’s shares closed at 83 cents a share , the company ’s four biggest shareholders -- Taube Hodson Stonex Partners , Fidelity , Barclays Global Investors and T. Rowe Price -- held about 23 percent of the company ’s outstanding shares , according to SEC filings .
Those who held their shares through this morning ’s opening , generated a return of 1,200 percent .
“ It really does take a healthcare specialist and devoted biotech investor to get involved in these names , ” said Thomas Weisel ’s Somaiya .
The odds of Human Genome ’s drug succeeding were , according to most analysts , low .
Results from an earlier trial had been disappointing and other drugs , including Biogen Idec Inc and Roche Holding AG ’s Rituxan , and La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co ’s Riquent -- both failed in late - stage lupus trials .
Yet , results of Human Genome ’s 52 - week trial -- the first of two requested by U.S. regulators -- showed 57.6 percent of patients taking a high dose of Benlysta experienced an improvement in their symptoms , compared with 43.6 percent who took a placebo .
“ Benlysta could be the first true disease - modifying therapy for lupus patients -- a blockbuster opportunity , ” said Joseph Schwartz , an analyst at Leerink Swann .
Of patients who took a low dose of the drug , which is administered once a month by IV infusion , 51.7 percent showed improvement in their symptoms , a figure that was also statistically significant .
Benlysta ’s success moved the shares of other companies trying to develop lupus drugs , such as Immunomedics Inc and ZymoGenetics Inc .
Shares of Immunomedics rose 12.5 percent to $ 3.43 , while shares of ZymoGenetics , which is developing a drug in combination with Merck Serono , a unit of Germany ’s Merck KGaA , rose more than 13 percent to $ 4.94 .
Lupus is a complex disease that causes the immune system to attack the body ’s own tissue and organs , including the joints , kidneys , heart , lungs , brain , blood or skin .
Symptoms include achy joints , fever , arthritis , kidney damage , chest pain and skin rash .
Data from the 867 - person trial , known as BLISS - 52 , take the company one step closer to being the first to have a new lupus drug approved in 50 years .
Multiple drugs are approved for other indications and used to treat lupus , but none has been approved specifically for the disease in decades .
The disease affects an estimated 1.5 million people in the United States and 5 million worldwide , according to the Lupus Foundation of America .
Roughly 150,000 patients in the United States stand to benefit from the drug , if it is approved , according to Thomas Watkins , the company ’s chief executive .
While that may represent a small portion of the total number affected by lupus , it is nonetheless an important advance , and Watkins said that from a corporate perspective , it represents a substantial revenue opportunity .
“ A drug like this , with this kind of promise , has the potential to be a blockbuster drug , ” he said .
Drugs are typically referred to as blockbusters when they generate $ 1 billion or more in revenue .
Profit would be split between Human Genome and its partner , GlaxoSmithKline Plc .
The second of the two late - stage trials is due to be reported in November and the company aims to file for approval of the drug by early 2010 , according to David Stump , the company ’s head of research and development .
If the agency gives it a priority review , the drug could be on the market by the end of next year .
Priority review is given to drugs that meet unmet medical needs .
Without priority review , it could be on the market by early 2011 .
Human Genome shares soared to an intra-day high of $ 11.29 on Nasdaq .
Glaxo shares were up 2.5 percent in London .
( Additional reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York and Esha Dey in Bangalore )
Last year I wrote about the ill - fated Adolf Hitler exhibit at Berlin ’s just - opened Madame Tussauds museum .
A man obviously unhappy with the museum ’s decision to have a wax likeness of the 20th Century ’s most evil leader waited patiently in line on opening day before rushing , tackling the wax Hitler and ripping off its head — all the time shouting , “ Never again ! ”
Several security guards were also injured in the fracas .
So , how much will Germany fine you if you decapitate Hitler ?
The man known in the local media here only as “ Frank L ” was in court today , where he was given a suspended sentence and fined 900 euros , or roughly $ 1,200 .
Was he sorry ?
No .
He told the court that he ’d do it again .
As for the Hitler statue , it is back at Madame Tussauds , in a more secure location .
LOS ANGELES  Government lawyers asked a federal judge on Thursday to impose a five - year sentence on the owner of a marijuana dispensary , less than a month after Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced that federal authorities would not prosecute owners of medical marijuana shops if they complied with local and state laws .
But the United States attorney for the Central District of California , Thomas P. O’Brien , argued that the dispensary owner , Charles C. Lynch , had broken state laws because he was not a primary caregiver to his customers  a requirement under California law  and provided no medical services beyond the sale of marijuana .
Judge George H. Wu , a Bush appointee who is hearing his first federal case , postponed sentencing until June 11 , by which time he will receive final briefings from government and defense lawyers .
Judge
Wu seemed inclined at times Thursday to hand down a lighter sentence than the government was seeking but repeatedly said he was constrained by federal mandatory minimum sentencing laws .
Mr. Lynch , who ran a small dispensary in the surfing hamlet of Morro Bay , has become a symbol for the medical marijuana movement since his shop was raided in 2007 .
A registered business owner , Mr. Lynch has the support of the city ’s mayor and the city attorney , both of whom testified on his behalf Thursday .
Those tears of joy shed by iPhone loyalists are turning into cries of grief with the announcement by AT&T that it will impose a $ 200 fee to upgrade to the next - generation iPhone , which lands in stores Friday .
For iPhone 3G users who are not eligible for subsidized pricing , the upgrade " tax " brings the grand total to not $ 200 or $ 300 — but a hefty $ 400 or $ 500 for the iPhone 3GS , depending on the model ( 16GB or 32 GB , respectively ) .
But tech geeks and criminal masterminds share one philosophy :
They understand there 's a way around everything .
You do n't have to pay that extra fee , iPhone 3G customers .
Here are a few quick , painless methods to shave off that $ 200 .
Sell your iPhone 3G to Gazelle
Gazelle , an e-junk trader , is offering $ 200 to $ 300 for used iPhone 3G handsets , depending on their condition .
The site makes it extremely easy to sell your iPhone : Just enter " iPhone 3G " in the search bar , select your model , click " Sell it now , " rate the condition of the phone , mention which of the included accessories you still have and then click " Calculate . "
Then , Gazelle will give you an estimate .
As you can see in the screenshot above , a 16GB iPhone 3G in perfect condition , including accessories and the instruction manual , will sell for $ 232 .
Not bad !
From there on , Gazelle will send you a shipping label to print out .
Then you 'd pack your iPhone in a box , slap the shipping label onto it , drop the package at a UPS location and wait for payment .
Oh , and it gets better — this week you get an extra 10 percent for your iPhone if you use the coupon code " iPhone . "
Pretty sweet , huh ?
I sold my first - generation MacBook Pro through the site , and I got a pretty good deal .
I procrastinated on shipping it out , and Gazelle even sent me a notebook - friendly box to ship it in .
After dropping off my MacBook Pro at UPS , I received the promised payment within a week .
( If you lie about the product 's condition , of course they 'll dock some dollars off the provided estimate . )
Unlock your iPhone 3G and sell it on Craigslist
This is a pretty obvious option : Stick an ad on Craigslist asking for a reasonable price for your iPhone 3G .
Do n't expect much from AT&T customers , though , since Apple is still selling the iPhone 3G for a new low price of $ 100 .
Your target market is non-AT&T customers who have intentions to Jailbreak and unlock the iPhone to work with their carrier .
Want to add value to your used iPhone 3G ?
Jailbreak and unlock the thing yourself , before you put it on Craigslist .
To figure out how to do that , visit the Dev-Team Blog , where a group of hackers is providing all the instructions and tools to stick it to the man .
Pay the early termination fee
We 're listing this trick last because it 's the least beneficial .
You pay a fee to cancel your AT&T account before the two - year contract is up .
Here 's the kicker :
The fee is pro-rated ; Each month AT&T shaves $ 5 off your termination fee .
That means if you bought the iPhone 3G when it hit stores in July 2008 , you 'll be paying $ 120 rather than the initial $ 175 termination fee ( $ 175 - $ 55 = $ 120 ) .
Then , you start a new AT&T contract with a new iPhone 3GS .
With this method , after adding the $ 120 and the $ 18 account setup fee , the total for the 16GB iPhone 3GS comes to about $ 340 .
That 's $ 60 less than you 'd have to pay normally .
The cons :
You 're committing to yet another two - year contract with AT&T ; sometimes early cancellation is subject to extra fees and a new number , according to Cult of Mac .
Not ideal — and what are you going to do with an extra iPhone lying around anyway ?
Just sell it with one of the tips listed above .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Dave Chappelle 's early morning appearance before a packed Pioneer Courthouse Square is getting big buzz this morning .
Thousands of people packed the square late Tuesday night and into Wednesday morning , drawn by the ethereal promise of an appearance by the popular comedian .
They stayed two hours despite a tiny sound system that made Chappelle nearly inaudible , creating one of the most remarkable spontaneous gatherings in Portland history .
Dave Chappelle in Pioneer Square
Chappelle 's Portland visit was the hottest search trend on Google this morning and thousands turned to Twitter to chat about the remarkable event .
The rumor came through Twitter and text and Facebook , and it seemed too good to be true : the wildly popular comic appearing at midnight in the middle of Portland -- for free ?
A mostly 20 - something , expectant crowd filled the square until it was crammed full .
By midnight thousands stood shoulder to shoulder , forming a bigger crowd than the Greg Oden and playoff rallies the Trail Blazers have held in the square in recent years .
" It 's like Woodstock , " said Keith Kunis , a 25 - year - old marketing student at Portland Community College .
" Davestock 2009 . "
Chappelle arrived at 12:53 a.m. to huge applause and people surging toward him , camera phones aloft .
When he reached the stage , left in place for the square 's lunchtime summer concert series , he turned on an amplifier the size of a toaster .
It was barely audible beyond the first dozen rows of people .
One point that did come across : " Portland Police were kind enough not to arrest me , " he said .
Check out images of Chappelle on this Flickr stream .
Chappelle starred in the 1998 marijuana - based comedy " Half Baked , " which he also co-wrote .
But he is best known for his wildly popular and often quoted sketch - comedy program , " Chappelle 's Show , " which ran from 2003 - 2005 on Comedy Central .
He stunned fans when he reportedly walked away from a $ 50 million contract to continue doing the show , and has been somewhat of an enigma since then .
It was n't clear why Chappelle was in town , or how the impromptu gathering came about .
Though he did say , at one point , " I 'm not here for money . "
Most people had gone to the square at the last minute , after receiving a text message or other communication from a friend , coworker or roommate .
" He played the Bye and Bye ( bar / restaurant in Northeast Portland ) last night , " 22 - year - old Alyse McNeill said .
" So I think he 's just doing a tour through Twitter . "
But instead of the 200 people Chappelle said he anticipated showing up at the square , thousands did .
He had no entourage and , apparently , not one security guard .
Chappelle kept speaking to the crowd , at one point saying he was proud , " when people can stand this close together and not be angry . "
A man climbed on stage , and Chappelle announced the man was going to get a better sound system , and would return in 20 minutes .
People watched each bizarre turn of the evening from every surface of the square , from the top of Starbucks Coffee to the corrugated - tin roof of Shelly 's Honkin ' Huge Burritos cart .
When the man returned with the equipment , spectators fed orange and black power cords to the edges of the square to plug them in .
But apparently there was no power .
Word of Chappelle 's visit spread the way it does these days : through social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Those who know what that means , skip ahead .
But if you wonder how a crowd of more than 4,000 people learns about a rumor first floated around 5 p.m. , read closely .
Local35 clothing store owner Justin Machus was n't at his Hawthorne Avenue boutique at 4:58 p.m. when he logged onto Facebook with his phone to update his status to reflect that Chappelle was shopping in the store , taking advantage of " double rewards " day for frequent shoppers .
" David Chapelle in my store an I 'm not there !!!! , " he wrote .
Then Machus , who shifts frequently between updating Facebook and posting short comments on Twitter , turned to Twitter .
" Dave Chappelle has a Local35 rewards card !...
I was n't here ... :( "
Moments later , a friend replied to his Facebook status change : " what ??
i heard about a secret show tonight ? ? "
Machus responded 10 minutes after his original post .
" Yeah !
Free standup , Midnight tonight at Pioneer Place !
he was on his way to buy an amp for the show !
He bought a few things ! "
For good measure , Machus repeated the news on his Local35 Twitter page .
" Free Dave Chappelle standup at midnight tonight at Pioneer Square ! ! ! "
Two hours later , one of his 334 followers , Scott Serchen of San Rafael , Calif. , posting as " hiveprojects , " responded : " forrealz ? "
Machus quickly replied : " It was from his mouth .
He said to spread the word . "
Then Machus added , " This may be getting out of hand . "
A few minutes later , at 7:17 p.m. , Machus was worried .
" This is out of hand .
Poop . "
Later still , dressed in a white shirt and carrying purple Master Piece cycle bag into the crowded Pioneer Courthouse Square , he updated Facebook again : " this is getting crazy . "
He turned to Twitter : " Dave is here , massive crowd judgement fail . :( no sound system other than a battery powered Vox amp . "
Then after midnight , back to Facebook : " Dave is seeking out a better soundsysten .
Did n't expect this crowd . "
He returned to Twitter : " This might get ugly .
Bad energy brewing . "
An hour later : " Easily , one of the strangest events in my Portland history .
Blame it on me and other Twitter people ?
Hope not . "
Shortly after 4 a.m. , Machus wrapped up the night with this post : " that was a bizarre evening with Chapelle .
Blame it on Twitter ?
Quite the social networking experiment . "
Despite the fact that the late - night show in the square never really got going , the air was temperate and the mood mostly light .
Occasionally a woman would flash the crowd , or Chappelle .
A few attention seekers climbed onto the stage to pose for photos or shake Chappelle 's hand .
When a few people rocked the stage impatiently , others shouted " no ! " or booed them .
Despite the huge crowd police never intruded .
Chappelle seemed surprised by the scene .
" This has never happened in my entire career , " he said , to a huge cheer .
" I 'm grateful everybody came out . "
Chappelle did squeeze in some comedy .
He compared one guy working on the sound system to Scotty from Star Trek , and took an OPB reporter 's microphone and said , " Support Oregon Public Broadcasting . "
At one point , a woman and two men atop Starbucks began stripping as Chappelle gaped and the crowd cheered and jeered .
By 2 a.m. , it was clear the sound system would n't go , and Chappelle wound things down .
He thanked the crowd and shared a few things he learned , including : " Do n't tell a secret in Portland . "
He left the square at 2:09 a.m. and walked to the Heathman Hotel , where he held court with several dozen fans on the sidewalk .
" I 'll catch you on Twitter , " one man said to a friend as he left .
As Pioneer Square slowly cleared out , 29 - year - old Jennifer Hudson sat on a step with her boyfriend , 28 - year - old Connor Kirkwood , who praised the police 's soft touch .
Just then , an officer approached and told them it was time to go .
Then he left .
" See ? " Hudson said .
" That was so respectful . "
Central Precinct Commander Mike Reese this morning said the event was peaceful and required no extra police resources .
He said authorities got a call about 4 p.m. Tuesday from Pioneer Courthouse Square officials who alerted them to a possible gathering later that night .
About midnight , Reese heard from a lieutenant at the scene who reported a gathering of about 500 people .
The crowd swelled by thousands by the time the night wrapped up .
Last he heard , officers made no arrests .
Pretty remarkable for an impromptu gathering of some 4,000 people .
" We had the Naked Bike Ride , " Reese said .
" We can do anything . "
-- The Oregonian
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The FBI says it found child pornography on a computer used by the man charged with the fatal shooting of a security guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum June 10 .
Museum shooting suspect James von Brunn remains in a Washington hospital .
In court documents filed Wednesday , an investigator says the pornography was found on a desktop computer during a search of an Annapolis , Maryland , apartment where 88 - year old James von Brunn had been living for the past two years .
The documents did not provide details about the pornography , but investigators requested permission to make a more extensive search of the computer and others found in von Brunn 's home .
Von Brunn has been charged with the murder of museum security guard Stephen Johns .
The white supremacist was shot in the face after two other security officers returned fire .
He remains in a Washington hospital .
The FBI also searched a red Hyundai that law enforcement officials say von Brunn left double - parked in front of the museum right before the shooting .
In separate documents also filed on Wednesday , investigators say they found 35 rounds of live ammunition for a .22 caliber rifle .
Officials allege von Brunn used a .22 caliber rifle , which was found at the scene , to shoot Johns in the chest .
According to paperwork detailing the car search , investigators found business cards advertising a USS Liberty Web site that claims Israeli forces " suddenly and brutally " attacked the U.S. Navy vessel in international waters in 1967 .
Investigators also found business cards for von Brunn 's own Web site , which hosts postings of white supremacist writings .
Among other items found in the car were a disabled parking permit , mouthwash , a salt shaker and a roll of quarters totaling $ 7.25 .
Earlier this week investigators filed papers saying among the items discovered in von Brunn 's apartment was a painting that appeared to depict Hitler and Jesus .
They also found a .30 - 30 rifle , ammunition and a handwritten will .
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum • James von Brunn
Libyan president Khaddafi visited Italy this week .
Apart from the usual media dog and poney show , what surprised me most , was to find his posters in many parts of Rome .
Strange .
From super hit on the terrorist list to super hero ?
By the way , I have never seen posters of Bush when he came over last year .
What message is Berlusconi trying to send here ?
It appears to be a paradox : ultra - thin material that absorbs all the incident light .
Nonetheless , it does exist .
Ideal light detector
Two researchers , Eduard Driessen , MSc , and Dr Michiel de Dood , have demonstrated that at a thickness of 4.5 nanometer niobiumnitride ( NbN ) is ultra-absorbent .
They have recorded a light absorption of almost 100 % , while the best light absorption to date was 50 % .
This research brings the ideal light detector a step closer .
A cell made of this material can already collect light and convert it into an electrical signal .
The high number of downloads indicates that this research is very special .
Angles and polarisation
Materials that could potentially absorb a lot of light have the problem that they reflect the incident light ; they are generally very good mirrors .
But how much light is reflected and how much is absorbed depends on two factors : the angle at which the light falls onto the material , and the polarisation ( the direction of oscillation ) of the light .
Light has two kinds of polarisation : s and p polarisation .
Polaroid sunglasses make good use of this characteristic .
The light absorption of a thin slice of NbN is at its maximum if the light falls on it at an angle of 35 º and only consists of s-polarised light .
The absorption achieved is then 94 % .
The p-polarised light is reflected in full .
At an angle of 46 º the absorption for both polarisation directions is 80 % , which is still extremely good .
Applications
This discovery gave Driessen and De Dood the idea for building a special detector .
They want to use this detector to view individual light particles , photons .
To date this has been very difficult because the absorption was not high enough .
The most important part of the detector is a lattice of ultra-absorbent NbN filaments .
When an s - light particle falls on the lattice , it is absorbed .
A p-particle is reflected .
This p-particle can then in turn be collected by a second detector so that all the light is detected .
Calculations show that the wavelength ( colour ) of the light particle has hardly any influence .
The detector can therefore also be used for particles with completely different wavelengths , such as detection systems for telecommunications and infra-red equipment .
The research is being carried out in collaboration with the TU Delft and will be part - funded by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research ( NWO ) and the Foundation for Fundamental Materials Research ( FOM ) .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Doctors worry that the recession will affect health care provision
The NHS must not be raided to bail out the mess created by bankers and politicians , the leader of the UK 's medical workforce says .
British Medical Association chairman Dr Hamish Meldrum said with a £ 100bn budget the NHS could face cuts to plug the gaps in the nation 's finances .
He said the answer was not to cut back on traditional NHS services but to end the involvement of the private sector .
The government said the NHS was still a priority for funding .
We are not going to allow doctors to be the scapegoats for the failures of the politicians or the bankers
Dr Hamish Meldrum
British Medical Association
But argued that doctors were wrong to call for an end to private sector involvement .
Despite his anger over the use of the market - based reforms , Dr Meldrum warned his members gathering in Liverpool for the union 's annual conference not to vote for industrial action .
One of the major motions on the first day of the four - day meeting of doctors is a call for a day of industrial action .
But with the health service battling against the flu pandemic and jobs being lost across the economy , Dr Meldrum said now was not the time to take such drastic action .
He said there was nothing that " warranted even a consideration of industrial action " .
NHS 'at risk '
However , Dr Meldrum still went on to warn the government that its policies were putting the future of the health service at risk .
He said moves to create polyclinics and PFI schemes , which use private money to build hospitals , were draining the health service in England of resources and fragmenting care .
While other parts of the UK have experimented with getting the private sector involved in the NHS , it has not be done on the scale that it has in England .
Dr Meldrum said : " End this ludicrous , divisive and expensive experiment of the market in healthcare in England . "
The NHS has its funding guaranteed until 2011 , but many experts predict it will face a freeze or even fall in budget after that .
Mr Meldrum said : " The NHS is facing some of the biggest and most serious challenges ever .
" We need to do everything possible to protect the healthcare budget and not concede that swingeing cuts are either inevitable or necessary .
" While we should be realistic and not expect inflation - busting pay rises and an infinite expansion in medical power , I can assure you that we are not going to allow doctors to be the scapegoats for the failures of the politicians or the bankers . "
He spoke out after a BMA poll of 1,000 people showed nine in 10 were worried that services were going to be cut because of the recession .
Government response But a Department of Health spokeswoman said despite the recession the NHS budget was still increasing until 2011 .
" It is for NHS organisations to use this opportunity to identify efficiency savings so we can continue delivering high quality care for every patient . "
After that she said the NHS would " always be a priority for investment " .
And she added the use of the private sector was aimed at improving services .
" Where independent sector providers offer high quality patient care , innovation , good value for money and meet local needs , we will continue to bring them in to work as part of the family of NHS providers .
" Alongside the hard work of staff and in every organisation , the independent sector has played an integral part in our success in delivering dramatic falls in waiting times for patients . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From former presidents to serving ministers , politicians around the world have today found themselves the butt of a web campaign skewering them as hypocrites for advocating a zero tolerance approach to drugs despite having used drugs in the past .
The online " deck of cards " pillories public figures such as Bill Clinton and chancellor Alistair Darling while encouraging web users to volunteer their own " hypocrites " with accompanying quotes to complete the set .
The device is a tactic to draw attention to World Anti-Drugs Day and is the latest phase in the Nice People Take Drugs campaign from the UK charity Release , which sparked controversy earlier this month .
Two weeks ago , the charity saw its advertisements , which read " Nice people take drugs " , removed from buses in London because the bus company was worried they might offend some members of the public , prompting charges of censorship .
David Cameron 's card from the deck .
Photograph : Release
The web campaign is likely to be no less controversial .
British politicians in the deck are headed by David Cameron , the Tory leader , who is quoted as saying : " I did lots of things before I came in to politics which I should n't have done , " and the former Europe minister Caroline Flint , with the more straightforward declaration : " I took cannabis 20 years ago . "
Top of the pack is former US president George W Bush as the " joker " , whose quote reads : " I would n't answer the marijuana questions .
You know why ?
Because I do n't want some little kid doing what I tried . "
In contrast , the incumbent US president , Barack Obama , is characteristically less convoluted : " Pot had helped , and booze ; maybe a little blow when you could afford it .
I inhaled frequently .
That was the point . "
Also among the US contingent are the firebrand Republican Newt Gingrich , who reportedly said : " When I smoked pot it was illegal but not immoral .
Now it is illegal and immoral .
The law did n't change , only the morality .
That 's why you get to go to jail and I do n't . "
Sebastian Saville , the chief executive of Release , said the interactive web tool was a novel approach but with serious undertones .
" We developed the deck of cards specifically to show the hypocrisy of politicians who talk about their sterling efforts in the fight against drugs when so many of them have taken drugs themselves , " Saville said .
" The UK public are now well aware that politicians appear to live by their own special rules in many areas – we felt it was time to add drug use to the list .
" Many people , including these politicians , have used drugs and have come to no harm but this is mainly because they were not caught doing it . "
He added : " Their careers did not suffer , yet they continue to support a regime that results in thousands of often less privileged people being condemned to marginalisation , incarceration and permanent disadvantage due to personal drug use . "
The intention is to also to shine a spotlight on the broader punitive impact of individual countries ' drugs policies around the world , Saville said .
" We felt it particularly important to highlight these issues this week , as those who enforce the current drug regime justify and celebrate World Anti-Drugs Day .
The awful consequences of ill - conceived policies can no longer be call ' unintended ' . "
The salvos fired by the campaign are small - scale but they come at a time when there has been considerable momentum for reform within global drugs policy circles .
On Wednesday this week , Antonio Maria Costa , director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , unexpectedly called for universal access to drug treatment , saying : " People who take drugs need medical help , not criminal retribution . "
The comment is likely to be seen as an explicit shift toward defining drugs issues in terms of health and not criminality .
It was preceded in February by an unprecedented call for the decriminalisation of drug users by Michel Kazatchkine , head of the influential Global Fund to Fight Aids , Tuberculosis and Malaria .
Via Rob at the always excellent A Photo Editor , a very cool vid from photographer Alexx Henry on how they are now bringing movie posters to life .
My first thought :
If you are going to start putting these displays out in public , go ahead and outfit them with motion detectors and retinal scanners and be done with it .
Way cool -- and there is even some info on lighting in the video , too .
__________More
Alexx Henry : Portfolio - 30 -
With a naked photoshoot coming up Indian model Padma Lakshmi could have been forgiven for putting herself on a strict diet .
But the 38 - year - old , who is author Salman Rushdie 's ex , had no such concerns .
' I think I look better when I have a little bit of weight on - my breasts are fuller , and I ’m curvier than when I ’m at my thinnest , ' she tells this month 's edition of U.S. magazine Allure .
Padma was one of five models to strip for the shoot , which was entitled The Naked Truth .
She said she did n't feel worried about stripping off , and just ' exercised an extra bit , ' in preparation .
'I tend to sleep in the nude , ' she revealed .
' When I 'm in my own personal space , I do spend time with very little on .' I did n’t feel any more naked without my robe .
I do n’t have any stigma attached to my body . '
Padma 's shoot revealed a seven - inch scar on her right arm - the vestige of a car accident when she was 14 .
' This is my favourite part of my body , ' she said .
' I love it because it makes me a person who has an interesting past , and it reminds me that I can survive any pain .
' While Padma is stripping for her art , her ex-husband recently went public with his new love , American actress Pia Glenn .
OTTAWA–It 's Take 2 of the Harper government 's crackdown on house arrest – a move rival MPs say they 'll block as wrong - headed policy that will pack already stressed provincial jails .
On Monday , Justice Minister Rob Nicholson introduced the latest
Tory effort to curtail conditional sentences for " serious property and violent crime . "
" These amendments show that the government has remained firm in its determination to make sure that those who commit serious crimes serve time behind bars , " he said .
The legislation would change the Criminal Code to further restrict crimes for which sentences can be served at home or in a halfway house under a range of conditions .
Such sentences were introduced in 1996 to give judges leeway for offenders serving less than two years in jail .
Longer sentences are served in federal prison .
Under the Conservative plan , people convicted of arson , drug production or trafficking , theft over $ 5,000 , auto theft and breaking - and - entering , would no longer be eligible for house arrest .
The impact would inevitably be felt in provincial jails where sentences of less than two years are served .
Liberal , Bloc Quebecois and New Democrat MPs teamed up the last time the Conservatives proposed such changes .
They collectively struck off about three - quarters of the crimes that would have become ineligible for conditional sentences , including non-violent drug and auto - theft offences .
The bill was never passed .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper vented his frustration with opposition meddling during the last federal election .
" Unlike the opposition parties , we do n't believe that house arrest is a suitable punishment for those who commit these kinds of crimes – and Canadians do n't believe it , either , " he said last September when he first promised to bring back the bill .
Joe Comartin , justice critic for the NDP , said the legislation could add at least 5,000 more inmates to provincial jails .
In Ontario , it costs about $ 52,000 a year to lock up offenders compared to about $ 1,600 for those under house arrest .
Convicts under electronic supervision cost closer to $ 3,200 .
It has been estimated that the Tory plan would cost more than $ 300 million a year just in extra incarceration costs .
Harper has called any related spike " small and manageable " but has provided no detailed funding figures , Comartin said Monday .
" That was the reason why we took out so many of the crimes ... that they had put in the bill in 2006 , " Comartin said .
" There were silly ones ... where there was no violence involved , no serious crime quite frankly .
So we deleted a whole bunch of those .
We 'll attempt to do the same with these . "
Comartin said eliminating conditional sentences for relatively minor drug crimes that draw less than a two - year sentence would ``dramatically " swell provincial jail numbers .
The opposition will try to delete those drug crimes from the legislation along with theft over $ 5,000 and auto theft , he said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Elizabeth Elliott , a specialist in conditional sentencing and restorative justice at Simon Fraser University , says B.C. jails are already over - crowded .
" They have to build another one somewhere .
And of course the big debate is , where ? "
Taxpayers foot the bill while Ottawa essentially downloads the cost to provinces , she said .
" It allows the reigning federal government to sort of enjoy , although I have no idea why , ... being tough , and actually not have to pick up the cost for it .
" It 's frustrating to sit on the sidelines and wonder where the research is that drives these new policy initiatives , because I do n't see it . "
Harper has repeatedly dismissed a long line of critics and criminologists who say lock - 'em - up policies cost a bundle with little impact on crime rates .
" It 's not courageous .
It 's not creative , " Elliott said of the all - partisan tendency to court easy public support with crackdowns .
She is among many criminologists calling for more community - based prevention programs that get at poverty , child neglect and other root causes of crime .
" We know so many things that we can do that will make a difference for actual people on the ground .
" There 's a rational and logical use for incarceration .
But we 're using it to mindlessly punish . "
Read more about :
While the current economic downturn has affected all Americans , the impact is falling quite heavily on young people .
A larger share of those younger than age 30 say they have had trouble paying rent or mortgage or have faced job losses in their household than those ages 30 or older .
On the plus side for young people , the downturn in the stock market had less effect on their retirement accounts , although young people are far less likely than older Americans to have money in the market .
Younger Americans have also found some unique ways to respond to the financial situation .
Nearly four - in - ten people ages 18 to 29 say they have cut back spending on alcohol or cigarettes , and a third report having changed to a less expensive cell phone plan or cancelled their service altogether .
About one - in - five young adults ( 21 % ) say they have either moved in with a friend or relative or have had a friend or relative move in with them because of the recession .
This is the case for fewer than 10 % of people 30 and older .
While the economic downturn clearly affects younger Americans in some substantial ways , their overall outlook remains optimistic .
Fully 76 % of young adults believe their personal financial situation will improve over the course of the next year , compared with fewer than half of those ages 30 and older .
Overall , 71 % of adults say they are confident they will have enough income and assets to last throughout their retirement years , and this spans all age ranges .
But adults under age 30 are more likely than those ages 30 - 64 to say they are very confident about getting through retirement with ease .
Political Values : Stark Age Divides
The most recent report on core political values by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , released May 21 , found that Generation Next , which is also referred to as Generation Y ( born in 1977 or later ) , expresses more liberal views in a number of areas when compared with older age cohorts ( see the box “ Long - Term Generational Trends in Political Values ” below ) .
Gen Nexters have much more positive attitudes about government — they are more likely to see government as effective and efficient .
This also is a generation that is far more supportive than older age cohorts of ensuring equal opportunity for all citizens .
For instance , those younger than 30 are far more likely than older people to say that every possible effort should be made to improve the position of blacks and other minorities “ even if it means giving them preferential treatment . ”
The values survey finds that young Americans are far less conservative on traditional and social values — including attitudes toward homosexuality , women ’s roles , censorship , and whether there are clear guidelines about good and evil .
And the youngest generation ’s level of religious commitment is currently lower than any other age cohort’s .
This generation also now stands out for being less supportive of an assertive approach to national security .
In fact , the proportion of young people who favor an assertive national security policy has fallen in the last two years — the only age cohort where this is the case .
Among the three older age groups , support for an assertive approach has increased since 2007 .
However , it is important to note that the attitudes of young adults are not uniformly liberal .
In the current values survey , young people are not significantly more supportive of the social safety net than are older Americans .
In addition , they are about as likely to express pro-business attitudes — and are no more likely to support environmental protection — than those in older age cohorts .
The values survey also includes evidence of increased political engagement among young people in the aftermath of the election .
However , they still rate lower than older Americans in interest in politics and in the proportion completely agreeing that it is their duty to always vote .
A majority ( 62 % ) of young people completely agrees that “ it ’s my duty to always vote , ” a 14 - point increase from 2007 .
Gen Next and Social Networking
Fully 70 % of those younger than 30 say they use social networking sites like MySpace , Facebook or Twitter — by far the largest proportion of any age group .
Perhaps not surprisingly , young people also are far less troubled by the sharing of personal information on the internet than are older Americans .
More than six - in - ten ( 62 % ) of those younger than 30 say that it is a good thing that the internet makes it possible for people to share pictures and other personal things about themselves ; a plurality of those ages 30 to 49 ( 48 % ) also have a positive view of online sharing of personal information .
Far fewer of those in older age groups — including just 19 % of those 65 and older — agree .
17,200 Scientists Dispute Global Warming By By Michael J Wagner Apr 9 , 2007 in World
Is there a scientific consensus on the topic of man made global warming ?
If you read the news in the major media you would have cause to believe that there is .
Several of these scientists have asked to have their names removed from the IPCC report , but have had their requests denied .
Several have actually sued the panel to have their names removed , but few have been successful .
The actual fact regarding consensus on this issue is that there are many more scientists who dispute the claims regarding global warming than there are who support them .
The IPCC reports rely on a particular computer model which projects temperature changes due to " positive feedback " reactions in the atmosphere .
The IPCC report claims that as CO2 levels rise , temperatures will also rise causing more water to be evaporated into the air .
Since water vapor is by far the leading greenhouse gas , increased water vapor is supposed to accelerate the global warming process in a runaway feedback loop .
The actual scientific data , however , do no support the positive feedback model .
The basic methodology used by the IPCC cannot be supported by actual data so the panel relies on the news media to filter the news that reaches the public .
This article is an attempt to set the public record straight .
The link I have provided here will take you to a petition , signed by over 17,200 scientists who think that the currently available scientific data do not support the conclusion that global warming is anything other than a naturally occurring cyclic phenomenon .
The site also contains a peer reviewed scientific paper that gives an overview of the existing climate science .
This peer reviewed paper demonstrates that the positive feedback model is not valid and that therefor , the entire hypothesis of man-made global warming is also not validated .
Here are a few quotes from the paper and the petition :
The empirical evidence actual measurements of Earth 's temperature shows no man-made warming trend .
Indeed , over the past two decades , when CO2 levels have been at their highest , global average temperatures have actually cooled slightly .
Regarding carbon dioxide in the atmosphere :
The observed increases are of a magnitude that can , for example , be explained by oceans giving off gases naturally as temperatures rise .
Indeed , recent carbon dioxide rises have shown a tendency to follow rather than lead global temperature increases .
Follow , rather than lead ?
Yes that is what the data show .
In Al Gore 's famous ice core data , showing the supposed correlation between temperature and CO2 , what he neglected to say was that there was an 800 year time lag between a rise in global temperatures and the following rise in CO2 .
Yes , temperature goes up 800 years before CO2 levels rise .
Global warming alarmists claim that the temperatures we are seeing now are the highest in several thousand years .
The science actually shows that : During the Medieval Climate Optimum , temperatures were warm enough to allow the colonization of Greenland .
These colonies were abandoned after the onset of colder temperatures .
For the past 300 years , global temperatures have been gradually recovering .
... they are still a little below the average for the past 3,000 years .
The human historical record does not report '' global warming ' ' catastrophes , even though temperatures have been far higher during much of the last three millennia .
The paper also presents a large amount of temperature measurement data , from a variety of sources , such as balloon and satellite , all of which show a slight downward trend in global temperatures , not a rise as would be expected from the IPCC computer models .
Disregarding uncertainties in surface measurements and giving equal weight to reported atmospheric and surface data and to 10 and 19 year averages , the mean global trend is minus 0.07 ºC per decade .
In short , the findings presented in the paper are :
The global warming hypothesis has been thoroughly evaluated .
It does not agree with the data and is , therefore , not validated .
As for the coming disaster scenarios presented by the global warming advocates , such as sea levels rising :
The reported current global rate of rise amounts to only about plus 2 mm per year , or plus 8 inches per century , and even this estimate is probably high .
The trends in rise and fall of sea level in various regions have a wide range of about 100 mm per year with most of the globe showing downward trends .
Most of the globe showing " downward trends ? "
Interesting .
I will also tell you that by personal experience as a sailor , water levels are n't rising anywhere that I have sailed , and I have sailed from the Atlantic Ocean , to the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico .
The Great Lakes are actually falling significantly .
How about the claim that severe weather is increasing due to global warming ?
Similarly , claims that hurricane frequencies and intensities have been increasing are also inconsistent with the data .
Figure 16 shows the number of severe Atlantic hurricanes per year and also the maximum wind intensities of those hurricanes .
Both of these values have been decreasing with time .
And :
As temperatures recover from the Little Ice Age , the more extreme weather patterns that characterized that period may be trending slowly toward the milder conditions that prevailed during the Middle Ages , which enjoyed average temperatures about 1 ºC higher than those of today .
The paper concludes with statements like :
There are no experimental data to support the hypothesis that increases in carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are causing or can be expected to cause catastrophic changes in global temperatures or weather .
To the contrary , during the 20 years with the highest carbon dioxide levels , atmospheric temperatures have decreased .
We also need not worry about environmental calamities , even if the current long - term natural warming trend continues .
The Earth has been much warmer during the past 3,000 years without catastrophic effects .
Warmer weather extends growing seasons and generally improves the habitability of colder regions .
'' Global warming , '' an invalidated hypothesis , provides no reason to limit human production of CO2 , CH4 , N2O , HFCs , PFCs , and SF6 as has been proposed .
The Petition Project Site also includes a petition to the US Congress .
The wording of the petition is :
We urge the United States government to reject the global warming agreement that was written in Kyoto , Japan in December , 1997 , and any other similar proposals .
The proposed limits on greenhouse gases would harm the environment , hinder the advance of science and technology , and damage the health and welfare of mankind .
There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide , methane , or other greenhouse gasses is causing or will , in the foreseeable future , cause catastrophic heating of the Earth 's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth 's climate .
Moreover , there is substantial scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural plant and animal environments of the Earth .
Given the fact that over 17,200 scientists have signed this petition , I would have to say that there certainly is no consensus among scientists that global warming is real or that it is man made .
Those who promote the global warming hypothesis have a political agenda , not a scientific one .
They are on a malicious mission to shut down the world 's industrial societies and prevent the 4 billion or so human beings living in the third world from ever improving their condition .
I find this to be unconscionable and inhuman .
I condemn these people .
Perhaps it may be as simple as Michael Crichton said in his book " State of Fear . "
The politicians of the world have a vested interest in keeping the people in a state of fear .
It enables the politicians to continually undermine the freedoms and rights of the people in the name of making them safe .
For myself , I side with Benjamin Franklin who said " Those who will sacrifice essential liberty for the promise of safety deserve neither liberty nor safety , and neither is what they will have . "
The truth is very different .
Most of the media articles you will see refer to reports issued by the IPCC .
The IPCC is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate change , a political body appointed by the UN .
Many of the 3,000 members of this panel are not scientists , but simply political appointees .
The few real scientists on the panel have disputed the panel 's findings but have been silenced by having their comments deleted from the reports .
Several of these scientists have asked to have their names removed from the IPCC report , but have had their requests denied .
Several have actually sued the panel to have their names removed , but few have been successful .
The actual fact regarding consensus on this issue is that there are many more scientists who dispute the claims regarding global warming than there are who support them .
The IPCC reports rely on a particular computer model which projects temperature changes due to " positive feedback " reactions in the atmosphere .
The IPCC report claims that as CO2 levels rise , temperatures will also rise causing more water to be evaporated into the air .
Since water vapor is by far the leading greenhouse gas , increased water vapor is supposed to accelerate the global warming process in a runaway feedback loop .
The actual scientific data , however , do no support the positive feedback model .
The basic methodology used by the IPCC cannot be supported by actual data so the panel relies on the news media to filter the news that reaches the public .
This article is an attempt to set the public record straight .
The link I have provided here will take you to a petition , signed by over 17,200 scientists who think that the currently available scientific data do not support the conclusion that global warming is anything other than a naturally occurring cyclic phenomenon .
The site also contains a peer reviewed scientific paper that gives an overview of the existing climate science .
This peer reviewed paper demonstrates that the positive feedback model is not valid and that therefor , the entire hypothesis of man-made global warming is also not validated .
Here are a few quotes from the paper and the petition : Regarding carbon dioxide in the atmosphere :
Follow , rather than lead ?
Yes that is what the data show .
In Al Gore 's famous ice core data , showing the supposed correlation between temperature and CO2 , what he neglected to say was that there was an 800 year time lag between a rise in global temperatures and the following rise in CO2 .
Yes , temperature goes up 800 years before CO2 levels rise .
Global warming alarmists claim that the temperatures we are seeing now are the highest in several thousand years .
The science actually shows that :
The paper also presents a large amount of temperature measurement data , from a variety of sources , such as balloon and satellite , all of which show a slight downward trend in global temperatures , not a rise as would be expected from the IPCC computer models .
In short , the findings presented in the paper are :
As for the coming disaster scenarios presented by the global warming advocates , such as sea levels rising : Most of the globe showing " downward trends ? "
Interesting .
I will also tell you that by personal experience as a sailor , water levels are n't rising anywhere that I have sailed , and I have sailed from the Atlantic Ocean , to the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico .
The Great Lakes are actually falling significantly .
How about the claim that severe weather is increasing due to global warming ?
And : The paper concludes with statements like : The Petition Project Site also includes a petition to the US Congress .
The wording of the petition is : Given the fact that over 17,200 scientists have signed this petition , I would have to say that there certainly is no consensus among scientists that global warming is real or that it is man made .
Those who promote the global warming hypothesis have a political agenda , not a scientific one .
They are on a malicious mission to shut down the world 's industrial societies and prevent the 4 billion or so human beings living in the third world from ever improving their condition .
I find this to be unconscionable and inhuman .
I condemn these people .
Perhaps it may be as simple as Michael Crichton said in his book " State of Fear . "
The politicians of the world have a vested interest in keeping the people in a state of fear .
It enables the politicians to continually undermine the freedoms and rights of the people in the name of making them safe .
For myself , I side with Benjamin Franklin who said " Those who will sacrifice essential liberty for the promise of safety deserve neither liberty nor safety , and neither is what they will have . "
More about Global warming , Consensus , Dissent global warming consensus dissent
This is embarassing .
Jack Yates has been sentenced to six months in jail for pirating the horrible Mike Meyers movie The Love Guru .
It might have been worth it for Star Trek , but come on , The Love Guru ?
Advertisement
Yates was working at the Burbank distribution company hired to cut promo reels for talk shows when he made a copy of the DVD and uploaded it to the internet .
Of course , he blamed his grandmother .
When confronted , Yates accused co-workers and Paramount employees of putting the contraband copy on the Internet .
But videotaped footage showed Yates making the unauthorized copy of " The Love Guru " at work before leaving the building and then going into his car , Assistant U.S. Attorney Erik M. Silber said .
Yates subsequently blamed his grandmother , saying that he showed the movie at her birthday party and she then gave it away to a cousin who gave it to a friend who was the former roommate of the man who is believed to have uploaded the movie , but has not yet been charged .
In his plea agreement , Yates confessed to making a copy of the comedy and later distributing it to others .
Advertisement
A true american hero !
Keep fighting that good fight !
[ WSJ via Gawker ]
How The Love Guru Could Cost You Half a Year of Your Life Guys , if you 're going to go to jail for six months for movie piracy , please make sure it 's …
Read more
Affordable , Reliable POS Systems
Get a sales system and support service custom - designed for your business and your wallet .
Based in Tampa Bay , we provide superior - quality systems to the restaurant , hospitality , and retail industry throughout the state of Florida and beyond .
We offer affordable systems and services that are custom - designed specifically for your business and your budget .
An Oak Creek man who is accused of slashing his mother with a knife and shooting her three times with an AK - 47 told police that he committed the acts after she refused to give him $ 2 to pay a cover charge to get into a bar , according to a criminal complaint filed Tuesday .
The man , Frederick W. Bertrang of the 8600 block of S. Fenway Court , also told Oak Creek officers that he slashed his mother , and stabbed his brother 's girlfriend , in self - defense and that he fired multiple shots to scare the two women and his brother , the complaint says .
According to the complaint :
Bertrang , who turns 31 Wednesday , had been to a bar Thursday .
He returned home about 10:30 p.m. and asked his mother , Patricia Bertrang , for the $ 2 .
After she told him not to go out again , Fred Bertrang slashed his mother in the left hand .
Fred Bertrang 's brother , Michael Bertrang , tried to help his mother and his girlfriend , Jessica Brandt , called 911 .
Fred Bertrang then stabbed Brandt twice in the right leg and fled to the basement , where he began firing an AK - 47 rifle into the basement 's ceiling .
Patricia Bertrang was wounded three times in the left leg .
Fred Bertrang is charged with first - degree reckless injury with use of a dangerous weapon , which carries a maximum prison term of 30 years ; and with second - degree recklessly endangering safety with a dangerous weapon , which carries a maximum prison term of 15 years .
Harry Potter and he living in Russia !
Really interesting theme party .
It is a clear spring evening on the wild north - west coast of Ireland .
Atlantic waves surge into a wide bay surrounded by open countryside .
In a field close to the beach , 200 police officers are inching their way along a high metal fence as a crowd of about 100 protesters closes in , some pulling chains from under their jackets as they prepare to attack the fence .
A mile up the road , police roadblocks have been stopping cars from approaching the site since late afternoon .
Welcome to Rossport , a small but divided village in County Mayo that has become yet another battleground for Shell .
The fuel giant agreed this week to pay almost £ 10 m to settle a legal action with human rights protesters in southern Nigeria , after being accused of collaborating in the execution of nine leaders of the Ogoni tribe , including the writer Ken Saro - Wiwa .
In Rossport , it is up against a group of protesters who have now held a gas pipeline at bay for almost a decade .
This summer , Shell is due to put in place a massive security operation to help finally bring the pipeline ashore to its Bellanaboy Bridge gas refinery , a couple of miles inland from the village .
Standing in his garden looking out across the pipeline route , Noel Philbin sums up the anger and defiance of those who say they will never give in to Shell .
" Everything is wrong with the pipeline .
It 's unsightly , there 'll be chimneys blowing up 365 days a year and effluence pipes going back into this beautiful bay .
Once they get the pipeline ashore , the battle will be here in our village .
We 'll do everything we can to stop that pipe and we 're not afraid of going to jail , it 's as simple as that . "
When gas was discovered 50 miles off the deprived north Mayo coast in the Corrib field , local people thought the area would be getting prosperity and jobs .
Indeed , many still support the project - they say the protesters are a small and vocal minority who oppose Shell for ideological reasons .
The supporters also claim that they are afraid to speak openly , so deep are the divisions in the community .
In 2005 , five men were jailed for refusing to allow Shell on to their land .
The jailings sent waves of rage through the community .
After three months ,
Shell backed down and withdrew the injunctions - and also dropped its original pipeline route .
Now a new route that skirts the village is proposed and the final public hearing is under way .
Once that is over , the Irish Planning Board will make the final decision , but for now Shell is pressing on with the work , determined to bring the pipe ashore .
Activists from across Ireland have been arriving to help locals launch attacks on the Shell site , attempting to tear down fences at the place where the pipe will be brought ashore .
At one of the weekly demonstrations , local people - some in tears - scream abuse at police officers .
But not far beneath the surface , the village is as traumatised as it is defiant .
This is a community that all sides agree will struggle to recover from the bitter divisions over the pipeline .
Philbin thinks the damage done by the dispute has gone too deep to mend .
" Even if Shell pulled away in the morning , this village would never get back to the way it was .
There can be no harmony , no trust here ever again . "
The tension in the area has been increased by allegations of assault made by a long - time opponent of the pipeline , farmer Willie Corduff .
He claims that while protesting peacefully under a truck on the Shell site , he was severely beaten by a group of men in balaclavas .
Corduff was one of the men jailed in 2005 .
An unlikely activist , he has lived in Rossport his entire life .
With his wife Mary and their six children , he works the farm his father built out of peat bogs 60 years ago .
" I was stretching my legs after lying so long under the truck when about six men in balaclavas appeared , hit me over the head , then knelt on me , blocking my throat and badly beating me , " he says .
He has photos that show him lying in hospital , swollen and bruised , and says he is preparing evidence with a lawyer before he approaches the police .
Shell denies that anyone assaulted Corduff on its behalf , instead claiming that a balaclava - clad gang attacked its property that night with a digger , causing millions of euros ' worth of damage .
The security firm
Shell is using to protect the site , I - RMS , adds that its only concern that night was with Corduff 's welfare .
Even Archbishop Desmond Tutu has weighed into the debate , expressing his concern for Corduff and backing him in his fight against the pipeline .
Whatever the truth of the night of 23 April , it lit a fuse under the simmering tensions in the area .
The Irish minister for communities , Eamon O Cuiv , visited the area after the alleged attack on Corduff and faced a furious meeting of more than 300 local residents , who swore to stop the Shell work .
O Cuiv said the level of anger made a strong impression on him : " I know the area well and I am very saddened by the divisions there .
I do think the community should have been consulted more fairly , and I believe mistakes were made right at the beginning . "
At his farm , Corduff looks broken by the long fight : " This has ruined our lives . "
He waves a pile of papers .
" If we did n't have this pipeline coming , we would n't know all the things we know now , about pipeline explosions and pressure of gas . "
However Paddy Cosgrove , leader of the Corrib Pro Gas group , says the majority of the community believes the project will benefit the area : " This is about bread and butter - education for our children and jobs for the future . "
He says those who support Shell are too afraid to speak out .
" We are avoided by people who were our friends ; people say things , there is intimidation . "
One of the local priests , Father Kevin Hegarty , also complains of verbal abuse and intimidation towards the people who work with Shell .
" The protesters have engaged in overt or silent intimidation of people who are supportive of the project .
This is a close - knit rural community and that kind of intimidation can be soul - destroying .
In terms of intransigence , there are similarities with the Troubles . "
But accusations of intimidation are rife on both sides .
" You do n't know who is walking the streets at night , " says Philbin .
" We have two fears here .
The first was the pipeline .
Now , it 's how they bring the pipeline in , what extreme measures will they go to .
Who will be next to get a beating ? "
In a further twist , when mentioning their fears about who might be working as security officials in the area , many villagers point to the recent death of the Irish security guard Michael Dwyer in Bolivia .
Dwyer was shot dead by the Bolivian authorities , who claim he was involved in a plot to kill President Evo Morales .
He had worked previously on the Shell site in Rossport - as had at least one of the other men with him in Bolivia , though none worked for the security firm I - RMS there .
Shell insists it has investigated I - RMS and has found no evidence of any wrongdoing .
I - RMS says it vets and trains all staff to national and international standards .
John Egan , Shell 's head of communications in Ireland , blames the need for security on the acts of violence and intimidation on their site by protesters .
" We would rather work without security , but the constant attacks on our site mean we have to use a level of security that is not usual on building sites in Ireland .
[ The security guards ] work responsibly in the face of constant provocation and abuse . "
Egan knows more than most the damage community opposition can do to an energy giant , having been the BBC 's correspondent for Nigeria in the 1990s .
He says he is a County Mayo man and passionately believes in delivering the project - for the benefit of Ireland and the region .
" It 's vital for Ireland that Shell are seen to succeed here .
The delays here have been very bad for Ireland internationally . "
It is easy to sympathise with the protesters , looking out across the untouched beauty of this remote corner of Europe .
There is a visceral horror of the industrial complex at Bellanaboy Bridge and the dangers of a gas pipe explosion .
But the Kinsale gas fields that provide Ireland with its gas are close to running out .
Vincent McGrath , a well - known local accordion player and historian , is a spokesman for Pobal Chill Comáin , the main group representing locals .
It believes Shell can still be persuaded to compromise and move the pipeline route and refinery further away .
McGrath says that what is at stake in Rossport is worth more than the price of gas : " We are fighting for many things here : our health , environment and happiness .
But we are also fighting for the right to live our lives as we have for generations before Shell came along . "
McGrath has a glint in his eyes and smiles as he promises that Shell will not get their way .
" Shell do not have the consent of this community .
And the lesson of history is that where there is occupation , there will be resistance . "
Indonesia 's Health Ministry has confirmed that two Australians were killed in the Jakarta hotel bombings on Friday .
The Ministry says Nathan Verity and Garth McEvoy both died in the blasts .
The wife and father of Perth businessman Mr Verity will identify his body today before bringing him home for burial .
Indonesian police say two suicide bombers were behind the blasts at the Ritz - Carlton and the Marriott hotels , in which nine people are confirmed to have died and a further 42 injured .
Indonesia 's anti-terrorism chief Ansyaad Mbai says the bombings are " clearly linked " to the Malaysian - born extremist Noordin Mohammed Top because of the homemade characteristics of the explosives used .
Grave fears remain for Austrade mining commissioner Craig Senger , who is believed to have been very close to the epicentre of the blast at the JW Marriott hotel .
The family of Mr Senger have spoken of their devastation as they await official confirmation he was among those killed .
The Austrade official , 36 , from Canberra , is believed to have died in the bombing .
" Yesterday we were in shock but today we are devastated , " Mr Senger 's uncle , Geoff Lazarus said .
" We 're still waiting for the official confirmation .
Things have taken a little longer than we expected . "
Mr Senger 's wife spent most of Friday at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta awaiting news .
She was told by officials that Mr Senger was missing , presumed dead .
Mr Lazarus says the family will make no further comment to the media until then but would issue a statement once confirmation was received .
' Distraught and upset '
Jim Truscott , a personal friend of Mr Verity 's , says the pair are due to land in Jakarta today and says the family is clearly very distraught .
" Once that is done it will enable them to bring him back to Perth for a funeral , " Mr Truscott said .
" Clearly they are very distraught and upset .
" We have a grandmother looking after their five - year - old son . "
Mr Verity , 38 , ran a human resources and recruitment business out of Jakarta
Australian mining company executive Garth McEvoy and New Zealand executive Tim Mackay are also believed to be among the nine people killed in the blasts .
Meanwhile Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has flown to Canberra for a special meeting of the National Security Committee , in the wake of the bombings .
The meeting will also include the Defence Minister , the heads of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation and other Government departments .
Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith is leading a delegation of experts to Jakarta to provide support to Indonesia .
DFAT has updated a travel warning for Indonesia , urging Australians to " avoid travel to affected areas " .
DFAT says it is still receiving advice that terrorists could be planning more attacks in Indonesia , particularly Bali .
The Department says Australians in Jakarta who need consular assistance should call DFAT on +61 2 6261 3305 .
DFAT says Australians who are worried about family or friends in Jakarta should first try to contact them directly .
A spokeswoman says if that is not successful , concerned relatives should call DFAT 's Consular Emergency Centre on 1300 555 135 .
Valve , perhaps in an effort to allay the worries of fans who feel left for dead by the announcement ofso soon after the original , has revealed that it is investigating the possibility of crossplay forplayers .
Speaking to TVG , Valve 's Doug Lombardi confirmed that making the two games cross-compatible for players who only had one game was something that they were looking at , though there was nothing that Valve was ready to announce just yet . "
Lombardi said .
" Lombardi does n't talk much on the topic and he does n't provide any details on how Valve may be looking to realise the idea of crossplay or whether it'll be specific to PC or Xbox 360 , but the current speculation hints at players being able to download some campaigns individually as DLC .
For now though , that 's pure rumour .
One reason that Valve might be looking at rolling out some form of crossplay between the two games is to help placate the masses of hardcore gamers who have signed up to boycott the game , claiming that promises about support for the original Left 4 Dead have not been met .
On the other hand , Valve has promised that it will continue to support both titles for a long time to come and has hinted at further content updates for the original Left 4 Dead in the future .
The boycott can't be hurtingtoo much either , with pre-orders already double those for the original game .
What 's your thoughts on ?
Let us know in the forums
A lightning strike at Launch Pad 39A during Friday afternoon 's thunderstorm .
Sensors counted 11 such strikes within 0.3 miles of the pad .
Image
This story was updated at 11:44 a.m. EDT .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . -
The oft - delayed space shuttleEndeavour will have to wait at least one more day to launch while NASAinvestigates whether lightning strikes near the launch pad yesterday caused anydamage .
No positive signs of harm to Endeavour have yet been foundfrom the violent lightning storm Friday afternoon , but mission managers calledfor a 24 - hour delay to investigate before resuming the countdownto lift off .
" We need to be 100 percent confident that we have agood system across the board , " said Mike Moses , Endeavour 's missionmanagement team chairman , during a Saturday briefing .
" We 've seen nothing sofar that indicates anything was actually affected by the lightning strike .
But wehave to check and that ?s what takes time . "
Thunderstorms have lately plagued the seaside region of the Kennedy Space Center here , and sensors counted 11 lightning strikes withinabout 0.3 miles of Endeavour 's perch on Launch Pad 39A Friday .
Although no lightning directly impacted the orbiter , fueltank or solid rocket boosters ( SRBs ) , a near enough strike could have induced astrong current that could disable the sensitive electronics in the orbiter , orthe pyrotechnics in the SRBs .
" The concern is mostly in those pyrotechnicsystems , " Moses said .
" There 's a lot of things that have to go right .
That ?s why we need to double check everything . "
Mission managers hope an extra day will be enough time to thoroughlycheck out Endeavour .
" I have high confidence we 'll get there in 24 hours , but I certainly cannot guarantee it , " Moses said .
If no serious signs of damage are found , Endeavour could tryto launch again as early as Sunday at 7:13 p.m. EDT ( 2313 GMT ) on its planned 16 - day construction mission to the International Space Station .
The weatheroutlook is slightly better for Sunday than today 's forecast , with a 60 percentchance of favorable conditions expected .
Repeated Delays
Endeavour 's STS - 127mission has already been held at the ground after a persistent leak ofgaseous hydrogen twice prevented the shuttle from lifting off .
NASA has saidthe leak , a potentially dangerous gas flow from a vent pipe leading off thevehicle 's 15 - storey external tank , has been fixed .
After a thorough investigation , ground crews traced theproblem to a misaligned plate on the tank .
NASA repaired the plate andsuccessfully tested the system last week .
Mission managers said they 'reconfident the issue wo n't pose a problem anymore .
Commanded by veteran shuttleflyer Mark Polansky , Endeavour ?s STS - 127 mission will launch toward the International Space Station carrying vital spare parts and a Japanese - builtporch for the outpost ?s massive Kibo laboratory .
The marathon 16 - day missionwill also ferry rookie NASA astronaut Tom Kopra to the station to replaceJapanese astronaut Koichi Wakata , who has lived aboard the orbiting lab sincelate March .
Wakata is Japan 's first long - duration astronaut and has watchedover his country ?s $ 1 billion Kibo laboratory at the station .
Set to launch spaceward aboard Endeavour with Polansky and Kopra are STS - 127 pilot Doug Hurley and mission specialists Chris Cassidy , Julie Payette , Tom Marshburn and Dave Wolf .
Payette represents the CanadianSpace Agency , while the rest are NASA astronauts .
Five spacewalks are planned .
Kopra is beginning a three - month mission to the spacestation as a flight engineer on the outpost ?s six -man Expedition 20 crew .
Hewill join two Russians , another American and astronauts from Belgium and Canadaon what is the station ?s first full six - person crew .
Endeavour ?s 16 - day mission will mark NASA 's third shuttleflight of the year and the second space station construction flight of 2009 .
If Endeavour is unable to launch Sunday , a third attempt ispossible on Monday , with a 70 percent chance of good weather .
NASA has untilJuly 14 to launch the shuttle before standing down to allow avoid a trafficconflict with an unmanned Russian cargo ship also due at the space station thismonth .
If the mission is unable to launch by then , NASA can try again on July27 .
SPACE.com is providing continuous coverage of STS - 127 with reporter Clara Moskowitz at Cape Canaveral and senior editor Tariq Malikin New York .
Click herefor mission updates and SPACE .
com 's live NASA TV video feed .
Live launchcoverage begins at 2:30 p.m. EDT ( 1830 GMT ) .
“ Before the 2008 purchase closed , there was a battle between the banks and private equity funds , who went to court to force the banks to complete the deal , ” said Neil Begley , a Moody ’s debt analyst .
“ While the equity holders would prefer an out - of - court restructuring , in this case they may not be able to come to terms with the banks . ”
The company has $ 16 billion of bank debt , on which it pays variable rates , and $ 6 billion more of junior debt .
The holders of the junior debt and the equity holders would absorb the first loss in the event of a bankruptcy , so the banks have some protection and less incentive to negotiate .
As advertiser spending plunges week by week , the likelihood grows that Clear Channel will fall out of compliance with one of its loan covenants by year ’s end and be in technical default , several analysts said .
The covenant requires that debt not exceed 9.5 times its cash flow .
Lately , Clear Channel has been adding to its debt even as its cash flow is shrinking .
Image Scott Sperling , of Thomas H. Lee Partners , recently offered a reassuring assessment of Clear Channels finances .
Credit ... Brendan McDermid / Reuters
Media companies of all types are suffering from the recession while consumer appetites are shifting in the digital revolution .
Those laden with debt may buckle , with the biggest so far being the Tribune Company , thrown into bankruptcy after Sam Zell borrowed heavily to pay $ 8.2 billion for the company and assume $ 5 billion more of its existing debt .
When Bain and Thomas H. Lee finally completed the Clear Channel acquisition in July after two years of struggle , they paid $ 18 billion and assumed $ 5 billion in outstanding debt .
Today , there are few buyers for broadcast assets .
Should the market rebound , the company could be worth about $ 12 billion , Mr. Begley of Moody ’s said .
Mr. Cheen estimates its market value today at less than $ 6.3 billion .
“ The market has gone from irrational exuberance to excessive awfulness , ” he said .
Though many companies acquired by private equity firms at the end of the bubble are in trouble , critics say the Clear Channel deal was ill advised from the start .
The acquirers raised their bids several times to win over the previous shareholders even as the economy weakened .
When the dinner bell rings and there ’s no one but you to hear it , is it cause for celebrating with a steak and a glass of wine ?
Or for whining your way through a bowl of cereal standing at the counter ?
The answer is yes , as cookbook author Deborah Madison discovers in her latest book , “ What We Eat When We Eat Alone , ” illustrated with funny , sweet drawings by her husband , Patrick McFarlin , and based on interviews with neighbors , cooks , family and friends about their habits when no one else is in the kitchen .
With so much attention paid to the pleasures of sharing meals , Madison turns to something that all of us do at some point , perhaps as young adults starting out on our own , or at the breakup of a marriage , or later , after the death of a spouse , or even just when our partners are out for an evening .
In a poem that opens one chapter of the book , Daniel Halpern provides elaborate instructions for a leg of lamb dinner , concluding with a toast to the cook -- and the diner : “ The company is the best you ’ll ever have . ”
Not everyone agrees .
Madison , whose nine cookbooks include “ Vegetarian Cooking for Everyone , ” says her new book has taught her to like eating alone more than she had as a person who spends most of her working day alone , especially when she was “ unhappily single . ”
“ It was so joyless to be cooking all this food , trying to really taste it , and then eat it or give it away , ” she writes .
“ It ’s so dismaying how many people do n’t appreciate their own company and value it , ” she said from New Mexico , where she lives .
“ I do n’t want to be like that . ”
So , what do you eat ?
The book began when McFarlin , as an icebreaker , began asking people about their solo eating habits .
When he made some drawings based on what he ’d learned , Madison knew the subject could be a book , and the interviewing continued .
She also is working as a menu consultant for a small hotel chain and with some school gardens .
She has a book on fruit desserts coming out next spring .
“ What We Eat When We Eat Alone ” ( Gibbs Smith , $ 25 ) is not a book of recipes for smaller portions of the dishes people eat every day .
It ’s full of stories about the way people approach food when they are alone , whether they shop or poke around the fridge ; whether they cook or simply assemble what they find ; whether they eat odd dishes no one else would touch or take the time for an appealing full meal .
Some people make a humble meal of crackers broken into milk ; cookbook writer Clifford Wright sometimes makes duck breast -- which he says he ca n’t afford to serve to guests .
In a book that celebrates our differences , no one needs to explain idiosyncrasies at the table -- the strange , perhaps unappetizing ones -- fried Spam with cottage cheese and tomatoes ; leftover spaghetti that ’s stuck together , fried with Swiss cheese ; or yellow mustard on a flour tortilla , washed down with “ reworked coffee , ” made by adding fresh grounds to old and pouring in boiling water .
For some people , probably more of them women , eating alone is a luxurious respite from the demands of making supper .
Madison takes frequent note of gender differences in the habits of solo diners , and often the stereotypes ( more meat for men , more salad for women ) prove only somewhat true -- though Madison notes that her book is no scientific study .
Quiet culinary treats
One might expect that what people eat alone would be convenient , even stingy : a sandwich or a salad , frozen food or takeout .
That it often is not shows how complicated the relationship between a person and food can be , how , as Madison writes , the kitchen is “ a place of relaxation and adventure . ”
The publisher of a food journal relates in detail his preparation of a pork chop , then of a rib - eye steak : “ I sauté it , or I should say ‘ fry ’ it , with a lot of fat .
I put olive oil with the fat trimmings in a stainless steel skillet and fry it hot .
Salt and pepper go on before , garlic after .
I also take a piece of bread , toast it , rub it with garlic , and drizzle it with more oil . ”
Sandwiches , endlessly changeable and handily portable , work well for solo eating .
McFarlin ’s green panini with roasted peppers and Gruyère cheese was born of his love for his panini maker and for improvising on the fillings .
It ’s become a classic in their house , along with a version using roasted green chiles .
Many people in the book eat salsas , tortillas and other Southwestern foods -- no matter where they live .
“ It ’s as if these are the new American foods and flavors , and particularly satisfying ones at that , ” she writes .
For people who relish the chance to eat alone , there are comfort foods , foods that perhaps no one else likes , or those that seem a little decadent .
Kate Manchester , the publisher of Edible Santa Fe , is quoted as appreciating “ a stolen moment when I can cook for my own palate , ” and she often chooses Johnny cakes from her native Rhode Island .
Greek food authority Aglaia Kremezi talks about fried potatoes with yogurt sauce , “ part of my solo ritual . ”
And there ’s a practical approach .
Madison writes that her mother “ vigorously touts the virtues of having a pot of rice on hand at all times . ”
It can be used for stir - fries or soups , or for a simple saffron - and - cardamom - flavored exotic rice pudding on demand .
Interestingly , Madison finishes with a chapter on eating to seduce , whether for a night or a lifetime .
But in any case , food to share .
“ It just kept coming up , ” Madison said .
“ Maybe it does n’t fit in the book , but it was such a fun chapter . ”
“ There are so many things that food says about relationships , ” she added .
Madison noted that one of the ways she knew her first marriage was dissolving was that she and her husband “ could n’t feed each other . ”
He found her food bland , and she found his overwhelmingly “ hot and spicy . ”
mary.macvean@latimes.com
Interesting TRUTH
Fake Online Reviews is Travel Industry 's New Trend
Added by antony on Jul 21 , 2009 | Visited by 5183 | Voted by 46 persons
If you ever went traveling you ’ve most likely checked the Web before choosing a destination and there 's a chance that you came across some reviews of hotels you considered stopping at .
What catches attention is the fact that all reviews read as though one person wrote them all , but most interesting is that all of them , or at least the biggest part gave an A + to a hotel or place , with only a few reviews mentioning some drawbacks .
With a good advertising like that any hotel will considerably increase its image .
But have you ever thought that these reviews could be fake , meaning that someone interested in raising the popularity and image of a certain hotel wrote these reviews or hired people who were ordered to do the job ?
This does n't mean that all hotels are bad , it only points out that nothing is perfect and even luxury hotels with rooms costing a few thousands of dollar a night can have their drawbacks .
Some online sources started focusing on revealing the fake reviews that were written just to improve the popularity of a hotel or to simply damage the image of competitors .
Thus , the online world of travel got divided into two camps , those who look forward to market their services the legal way and those who need to increase the number of visitors so badly , they get involved into a sort of a dirty play , hoping to dodge the system .
The problem is that users get confused what information is worth trusting and what reviews are misleading .
Today there are very few travel websites that can boast good reputation among users worldwide , but even these websites cannot assure 100 percent accurate information , because even on such websites users can come across fake reviews .
Travel industry is a billion dollar business , where everyone wants his piece of cake and that piece is not always obtained the honest way , especially when the global economic crisis hit various countries worldwide , having a great impact on travel industry .
Although some hoteliers understand the risk of posting misleading information they still consider carrying on with the strategy , even if it could one day have an impact on their reputation .
Some websites advise to be careful when reading online reviews , but how exactly can a user figure out which review is misleading and which one is the real thing ?
An increasing number of reviews have been marked with red , to make users aware about misleading information .
Online users can find advices on the issue advising reading reviews written by experts , for example guidebook writers or professional journalists .
Still , this does not completely solve the problem since a lot of journalists can be paid to write positive reviews .
Some steps are currently being taken to eliminate suspicious reviews that are meant to game the system .
Still , such strategy could lead to marketing some specific hotels and damaging the reputation of others , and it is because travel industry is most of all about money , which means that each traveler is involved in a game that parts people into the lucky and the least fortunate ones .
The more money is involved , the fewer chances that a company or agency will stand up for the consumer , which means that trust among customers is steadily turning into an illusion .
[ / caption ]
An international team of astronomers has mapped the density and temperature of X - ray - emitting gas in the outskirts of a distant galaxy cluster .
The results , obtained with the orbiting Japanese X - ray telescope Suzaku , give the first complete X - ray view of a galaxy cluster , and provide insight into how such clusters come together .
“ These Suzaku observations are exciting because we can finally see how these structures , the largest bound objects in the universe , grow even more massive , ” said Matt George , the study ’s lead author at the University of California , Berkeley .
The team trained Suzaku ’s X - ray telescopes on the massive galaxy cluster PKS 0745 - 191 , which lies 1.3 billion light - years away in the southern constellation Puppis .
Between May 11 and 14 , 2007 , Suzaku acquired five images of the million - degree gas that permeates the cluster .
The X - ray images of the cluster helped astronomers measure the temperature and density of the gas .
These provide clues about the gas pressure and cluster ’s total mass .
The hottest , densest gas lies near the cluster ’s center , while gas temperature and density steadily decline away from the center .
Astronomers believe the gas in the inner part of a galaxy cluster has settled into an ordered “ relaxed ” state in equilibrium with the cluster ’s gravity .
But in the outer regions , where galaxies first begin a billion - year plunge towards the cluster ’s center , the gas remains in a disordered state because it ’s still falling inward .
“ Clusters are the most massive , relaxed objects in the universe , and they are continuing to form now , ” said team member Andy Fabian at the Cambridge Institute of Astronomy in the UK .
For the first time , this study shows X - ray emission and gas density and temperature out to the region where the gas is disordered , and where the cluster continues to assemble .
“ It gives us the first complete X - ray view of a cluster of galaxies ” , said Fabian .
In PKS 0745 - 191 , the gas temperature peaks at 164 million degrees Fahrenheit ( 91 million C ) about 1.1 million light - years from the cluster ’s center .
The temperature declines smoothly with distance , dropping to 45 million F ( 25 million C ) more than 5.6 million light - years from the center .
To accurately measure X - ray emission at the cluster ’s edge requires detectors with exceptionally low background noise .
Suzaku has advanced X - ray detectors , and it lies in a low - altitude orbit near the Earth ’s magnetic field , which protects the observatory from energetic particles from the sun and beyond .
“ With more Suzaku observations in the outskirts of other galaxy clusters , we ’ll get a better picture of how these massive structures evolve , ” added George .
Suzaku ( Japanese for “ red bird of the south ” ) was launched on July 10 , 2005 .
The observatory was developed at the Japanese Institute of Space and Astronautical Science ( ISAS ) , which is part of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) , in collaboration with NASA and other Japanese and U.S. institutions .
The results were published in the May 11 edition of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Source : NASA
news We Like Big Jets and We Can Not Lie
As Emirates flight 241 approached the runway on its inaugural flight into Toronto yesterday afternoon , a few audible gasps could be heard from the crowd gathered against the windows of Terminal 1 .
There was no debate : this aircraft was enormous .
For most , it was the first time they had seen an Airbus A380 — the world ’s largest passenger aircraft — in person , and Toronto is currently the only city in the Americas where the airline flies the plane .
For the VIPs gathered , the excitement also came with some stern words for the federal government .
Torontoist got a chance to explore the aircraft inside and out , so buckle up and ensure your seatbacks are in an upright position , because this is no ordinary aircraft .
We ’ll show you what you get for the top ticket price of $ 10,000 per seat .
“ I ’m so excited to see that beautiful big bird come out of the sky and land at the Mississauga International Airport , ” quipped Mayor Hazel McCallion , who was one of the VIPs in attendance for the touchdown .
Introduced into commercial service in October of 2007 , the Airbus A380 is part of a new class of “ superjumbo ” airliners that not only carry a larger number of passengers on long - haul flights , but also introduce a new standard of luxury .
Emirates is to be the largest operator of 380s , currently with five in service and fifty - three more on order at a cost of $ 19 billion .
Torontoist reader Tom Podolec visited the Airbus factory in Toulouse , France , on May 7 and captured this image of an Emirates A380 being assembled .
The hallmark of the A380 is its double - decker configuration , which runs the entire length of the fuselage , unlike the Boeing 747 ’s characteristic bump behind the flight deck .
In comparison with the 747-400 ( the second - largest passenger airliner ) , the A380 boasts 49 % more floor space and 20 % better fuel economy .
At a staggering 80 metres wide , the wingspan forced airports receiving the aircraft to modify their gate facilities and taxiways .
Two gates at Pearson ’s Terminal 1 needed to be reconfigured to accommodate the aircraft ’s size .
“ You gotta be really careful on the ground because the wings are very big , ” says pilot David Heino , who hails from Burlington .
“ But we have airfield charts that document what airplanes can pass on opposite taxiways and things like that . ”
Pilot David Heino ; the A380 pulls into the gate at Pearson for the first time .
Photos by Marc Lostracco / Torontoist .
Under the Emirates cabin arrangement , the entire upper level contains the premium seats : fourteen enclosed first - class suites and seventy - six business - class seats .
It ’s an odd sight to see such a long stretch of “ pods ” on one level instead of splitting with the usual cattle - car configuration , but it ’s probably a good thing that the economy passengers do n’t know what they ’re missing .
Each first class suite has a desk , vanity mirror , 23 ″ viewing screen , coat closet , dine - on - demand service , and a vibrating bed .
Business class seating is less private , but still with appealing amenities and extremely ample legroom .
Each seat has its own private minibar and the seat reclines into a fully flat bed .
The main deck features the crew sleeping compartment and 399 economy seats spread ten abreast .
Though the screens are smaller , every seat has a touchscreen entertainment system , and every passenger has access to a selection of 1,200 entertainment channels for the thirteen - hour flight .
Emirates classifies its $ 10,000 premium seats as “ suites . ” Photo by Marc Lostracco / Torontoist .
Aft of the cabin is a full bar and lounge , which Emirates staff told us is the most popular part of the aircraft .
With leather bench seating running along each wall , the space is wide enough to entertain many passengers comfortably .
Behind the bar area is a huge , horseshoe - shaped galley , which is not insignificant considering that the crew has to prepare and serve multiple meals for almost five hundred people .
Though Emirates has designed the interior with luxurious accents of polished wood and leather , probably the most fascinating parts of the interior design are the two shower rooms for first - class ticket - holders .
Passengers are allotted twenty - minute periods to freshen up in a pleasing area roughly the length and width of a minivan .
The rooms have hair dryers , full - length mirrored walls , marble accents , and heated floors .
A computerized plumbing system draws on a store of almost five hundred litres of water reserved for showers ( only about five minutes of actual shower time is permitted per passenger ) .
At the top of the main stairs at the front of the aircraft , there is even a waterfall feature .
The amenities are meant to appeal to what Emirates says is an exceptional demand for travel between Toronto and Dubai , but the launch event was also meant to send a message to the federal government .
Emirates is taking advantage of the GTAA ’s new incentive program that offers landing fee rebates to carriers for increasing the frequency of their flights or adding new routes to Pearson , but they say the feds are being unnecessarily restrictive .
The airline is only allowed to operate three flights a week out of Canada , but they want to run a flight to Dubai daily .
The A380 ’s large flight deck .
Photo by Marc Lostracco / Torontoist .
“ We have a very high level of booking , ” said Emirates president Timothy Clark .
The aircraft will be operating at 99 % seat factors [ capacity ] , and that makes the case for more services . ”
Clark was being diplomatic in his language , but he also recruited Ontario cabinet chair Gerry Phillips , Mississauga mayor Hazel McCallion , and Toronto councillor Kyle Rae to drive the point home .
“ This is the only city in the Americas that Emirates is flying the 380 , ” explained Philips .
“ We do an awful lot of exporting of manufactured goods , IT goods , many of our architects , our engineers , our legal , our accountants are working in Dubai . ”
“ The only constraint in our growing relationship is probably capacity to work together , so I want to just add our voice to many other voices in convincing the federal government that perhaps we do need more than three flights a week . ”
When we asked him why he seemed frustrated , Councillor Kyle Rae was more blunt : “ They ’re flying in three times a week , and they want to fly in five times a week .
[ Actually , daily .
– Ed . ]
The federal government wo n’t give them permission .
There ’s a six - month delay getting cargo onto this flight .
It is an economic engine , it is an important opportunity for international trade , and the federal government — because this is Toronto — is not giving them landing rights .
This is interference in the marketplace and it has to stop . ”
Federal Tourism Minister Diane Ablonczy was also in attendance and all smiles , but found fingers pointed at her .
Said McCallion : “ Madame Minister , [ the airport ] needs a little more cooperation from the federal government .
We are the largest airport in Canada , but other airports get a better deal than we get . ”
Emirates President Timothy Clark ; Hazel McCallion slams the federal government while Federal Tourism Minister Diane Ablonczy squirms behind her .
Photos by Marc Lostracco / Torontoist .
The urgency is rooted in the increasing importance and influence of Dubai on the international scene , especially as it relates to tourism .
Formerly a tiny desert community of 183,000 people , the population has ballooned to 1.5 million in only three decades , only 10 % of which are now Emiraties .
One of the world ’s most audacious skylines has appeared only relatively recently with the explicit intention of attracting affluent westerners to the “ Vegas of the Middle East , ” where many of the rules of this strict Muslim society are relaxed for the sake of tourism .
The aircraft receives a traditional welcome at Gate 173 .
Photo by Hamish Grant / Torontoist .
As for Toronto , yesterday ’s flight was a landmark for local aviation enthusiasts and the GTAA .
Though the A380 had briefly visited Iqaluit , Montreal , and Vancouver in its passengerless testing stages , Pearson is one of only a few airports to regularly fly the superjumbo in the western hemisphere .
Emirates chose to redeploy two of their A380s from New York ’s JFK airport to Toronto and Bangkok instead , claiming stronger demand and less competition .
Some think that the move was made specifically to pressure the Canadian government to release travel restrictions to the United Arab Emirates .
“ In this economic downturn , they have chosen to fly here , ” says Hazel McCallion .
“ I hope the federal government will recognize this . ”
Whatever the case may be , we ’ll take it .
Our two cities already share the world ’s two tallest freestanding structures , so perhaps it ’s appropriate that we also share the world ’s largest passenger jet .
The original version of this post stated that the Emirates Dubai route was currently the only A380 route for the airline in the Americas , following the redeployment of A380s to Toronto and Bangkok .
This was based on information we received at the Toronto landing event and from an Emirates representative .
Though the A380 jets were actually redeployed , one JFK–DBX route remains .
Index | Homepage | Good Links | Bad Links | Search | Guestbook / Forum
Other Western Élites
The Trilateral Commission
Image : David Rockefeller ( transmogrified by misguidedness )
" ... a vehicle for multinational consolidation of commercial and banking interests ... "
Barry Goldwater
Date : Tue , 05 Feb 2002
From : belfast.gazette@pop.net.ntl.com
To : tony@gaia.org
Recent events in the Irish republic concerning the corrupt activities of various politicans and businessmen have resulted in the establishment of various tribunals to investigate their activities .
one politican who has been jailed as a result of not co-operating is a dublin T.D. ( member of the Irish parliament ) L. Lawlor .
In a profile feature of Liam Lawler in the Sunday Business Post a Dublin based newspaper published on 3rd of Febuary 2002 it revealed that liam lawler was a member of the Trilateral Commission .
this is the only reference I have seen to this piece of information and it might be of information to you .
keep up the good work all the best
( EU ) EU / UNITED STATES / JAPAN : Annual meeting of the Trilateral will cover " globalisation and governance " - Peter Sunderland President
Paris , 26/02/2001 ( Agence Europe ) -
The next annual meeting of the Trilateral Commission ( which gathers together leaders from the European Union , Japan and the United States ) will take place from 9 to 12 March , in London , and will concentrate on issues concerning " Globalisation and Governance " .
Among the main speakers will be the Secretary of State for the Foreign Office Robin Cook , the European Commissioners for External Relations Chris Patten and the Internal Market Frits Bolkestein , the WTO Director General Mike Moore , the Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa Frene Ginwala , the Special advisor to President Putin Serguei Yastrzhembesky , the former Mexican President Ernest Zedillo , the former Korean Prime Minister Lee Hong - Koo and the former American Ambassador to the United Nations Richard Holbrooke .
In London , Peter Sunderland ( acting President of BP Amoco and former European Commission , as well as former GATT Director General ) will take - over from the former German Finance Minister Otto Graf Lambsdorf as chairman of the Trilateral .
April 23rd 1995 the Trilateral Commission met in Copenhagen , compare the article of Jakob Andersen in the Danish newspaper Ekstra Bladet :
Private Top Meeting
" The Trilateral Commission is something between a ' tank of thinking ' and a club of discussion " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
Frequently it holds seminars and produces reports about subjects like ' How We Preserve The Peace In A World After The Cold War ' " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
" Between the meetings the members try to influence their own govern - ments , the economic life and other to do , as the commission wishes " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
" The Trilateral Commission is attacked by both right - wing - extremists and left - wing - extremists .
It is accused of among other things establishing a government of the world " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
" The commission stands behind the international trade with narcotics , following the half - fascist American politician Lyndon LaRouche " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
" From the left - wings this characterization has been heard in Holly Skalars edition :
The commission represents the interests of the multinational businesses and banks .
So it is in direct inconsistency to the interests of the workers and the Third World " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
" A. Volcker ( the former chief of the American Federal Reserve System ) and many others can pull strings that to us mortal ones are invisible " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
Ritt Bjerregaard ( the Social Democratic Party ) , Joergen Schleimann ( Left - Liberal ) are members , and they were invited with the other influencial in the visible top in Denmark .
" The Danish Social Democrat and the American high - capitalist walk in this way hand in hand .
The Danish editor - troll ( mine : Thoeger Seidenfaden ) and the experienced giant from the intimate scene of the world ( mine : Henry Kissinger ) are in partnership " , Jakob Andersen wrote .
( So far some of the content of the article ' Private Top - Meeting ' ) .
If you are too self - opinionated , because you eventually have got ' a warped upbringing ' , you will not fit into the systems / the agencies / the commissions / the groups , not even on the first stage .
I have been instructed about this .
Diligence and skill are accepted with this BUT .
As to the last mentioned Jakob Andersen does not seem to be problematic in relation to the politically correct article mentioned above .
It would have been a pity , now it is the first time that any Danish newspaper writes anything at all about the Trilateral Commission .
But did he really write anything , at all .
Perhaps :
Left - wing - extremists , Right - wing - extremists , Capitalists , Large - scale capitalist , Half - fascist , Socialistic , Intellectual newel , The Left Wing , The peace , The cold war , Us mortal ones , The activist , The political - economic - academic outskirts ...
Yes the chosen words were in order and the order in which they were men-tioned was right too , I think .
Perhaps Jakob Andersen lacked for the good order " Large - scale Socialists " , if this conception should not be included in the one of the other used categories from The Common , ruled by The Common , that is itself - ' a hole or idling in the head ' .
Perhaps the reader knows that the most text - writing - systems are equipped with a so - called spelling - control , also for foreign languages .
The control can be supplemented by the user himself , and this is very fine by many occasions .
But what shall we do with the following that I originally presented for the Danish readers .
They had no problems of understanding , I presume .
I take only one the easy - explained ones from the Danish edition .
In Danish you can ask the following question and get the following answer :
You can !
Faar faar faar ?
Faar faar ikke faar , faar faar lam .
It will be most interesting to read this in the English version :
There are several possibilities of translation , here are two of those :
1 . Sheep , sheep , sheep ?
Sheep sheep not sheep , sheep sheep lambs .
2 . Do sheeps bear sheeps ?
Sheeps do not bear sheeps , sheeps bear lambs .
But it is not funny in English , at all .
The reason to this is not insurmountable cultural differences between Englishmen and Danes .
Certainly not .
The Danish word ' faar ' means ' sheep ' , ' sheeps ' , ' bear ' or ' get ' in English de-pending of how , where , and with which intonation you use that word , and this is the explanation to the peculiar sentence with eight times ' faar ' in Danish .
How did we end here ?
With my thoughts on the key names , and on Jakob Andersen 's key conceptions , I suddenly wrote in the Danish version that it would be exciting to see the ' Faar - sentence ' translated perhaps to to English or to German .
I do n't know why .
14Aug99 - David Rockefeller defends the Trilateral Commission
Below are two letters to the editor of the New York Times that you might find interesting .
One letter was written on August 14th 1980 , by George Wald , emeritus professor of Biology at Harvard and co-recipient of the 1967 Nobel Prize for Medicine .
Wald 's letter was published on August 19th , 1980 .
The other letter was published a day latter .
It is a reply to Wald 's letter from David Rockefeller .
Read Rockefeller 's letter first , write down what you think Wald accused the Trilateral commission of .
Now read Wald 's letter .
What type of a person do you think David Rockefeller is ?
Why did the times publish the letters one day apart , instead of together ?
WEDNESDAY , AUGUST 20 1980 - Letters New York Times
To the Editor :
I never ceased to be amazed at those few among us who spot a conspiracy under every rock , a cabal in every corner .
Surprisingly , the latest to join the conspiracy theorists is Professor George Wald , a Nobel laureate , who postulates in an Aug. 19 letter that " John Anderson 's try for the Presidency was invented by , or with the connivance of , the Trilateral Commission to cut into the Democratic vote ... "
Professor Wald , alas is not alone in his suspicions .
To some , the Trilateral Commission is a sinister plot by Eastern Establishment businessmen who will do almost anything - including going into cahoots with the Kremlin - for the sake of financial gain .
The fact that many former members , including President Carter , are now members of the Administration is hailed as proof of how devilishly well the conspiracy works .
As founder of the Trilateral Commission and its current North American chairman , I am usually singled out as the " cabalist - in - chief " .
One recent tirade had me orchestrating a plot " ... to reduce New York 's population to approximately four million and siphon off the surplus population into slave labor camps ... "
The same publication asserts that I 'm already responsible for a fascist scheme in Latin America that " ... led to shifts in global weather patterns , marked by droughts and severe winters in the United States . "
Originally , this sort of nonsensical defamation was easy to dismiss .
It came from the extreme fringes of the left and the right , and I suppose being called a Communist and a fascist at the same time puts me somewhere near the center of the political spectrum where I am most comfortable anyway .
Lately though , the drum beat of inanities has grown louder , and a few overactive imaginations have attempted somehow to link the commission with the 1980 Presidential election campaign .
I thought therefore that Professor Wald and his co-conspiracy theorists might appreciate an explanation of the mysterious organization that seems to haunt their every moment .
I am afraid the reality is much less juicy than the theories .
The Trilateral Commission now has about 300 members from North America , Western Europe and Japan .
About one - quarter are from the United States and include not only business people , but labor union leaders , university professors and research institute directors , congressmen and senators , media representatives and others .
There are about as many Republicans and Democrats , and most regions of the nation are represented .
Among present and former U.S. members are the chairman of the Republican National Committee , the president of the A.F.L. - C.I.O. , the publisher of the Chicago Sun -Times and others who surely would have difficulty hatching the same plot .
The Trilateral Commission does not take positions on issues or endorse individuals for elective or appointive office .
It holds meetings that rotate from region to region and assigns task force reports that are discussed in commission sessions .
Reports have dealt with different aspects of world trade , energy resources , the International Monetary System , East - West relations and more .
Is the commission secretive ?
Not at all .
For $ 10 a year , anyone can subscribe to its quarterly magazine , " Trialogue , " and also receive periodic mailings of task force reports .
Further , we publish a list of the source of all U.S. contributions in excess of $ 5.000 .
The only part of our proceedings that is " off the record " are discussions at commission meetings , and we keep these private to encourage uninhibited criticism and debate .
Is the commission exclusive ?
Yes , in that we try to select only the most able and outstanding citizens from the industrial democracies .
In that context , it is gratifying and not at all surprising that many former members are now Administration officials .
My point is that far from being a coterie of international conspirators with designs on covertly conquering the world , the Trilateral Commission is , in reality , a group of concerned citizens interested in identifying and clarifying problems facing the world and in fostering greater understanding a cooperation among international allies .
My apologies , Professor Wald , But , as Walter Cronkite would say , " That 's the way it is . "
DAVID ROCKEFELLER
Chairman
The Chase Manhattan Bank
New York , Aug. 20 , 1980
TUESDAY , AUGUST 19 , 1980 - Letters New York Times
To the Editor :
John Anderson's Presidential Campaign Effort
I have a suspicion approaching conviction that John Anderson 's try for the Presidency was invented by , or with the connivance of , the Trilateral Commission to cut into the Democratic vote and so secure the election of Ronald Regan .
The Trilateral Commission , founded by David Rockefeller in 1973 , is so called because it brings together top corporate and financial power , plus a supporting cast of academics , politicians and labor union heads from North America , Western Europe and Japan .
David Rockefeller is its North American chairman .
An extraordinary fraction of the Carter Administration was drawn from its membership : President Carter himself , Vice President Mondale , Security Advisor Brzezinski , ex-Secretary of State Vance , ex-Secretary of Treasury Blumenthal , Secretary of Defense Brown , Deputy Secretary of State Warren Christopher , Deputy Secretary of Energy Sawhill , Federal Reserve Chairman Volcker , Special Assistant Hedley Donovan , Counsel to the President Lloyd Cutler and a scattering of other high functionaries .
( All such persons continue to be listed by the Trilateral Commission as " Former Members in Public Service . " )
Both John Anderson , the Independent candidate , and George Bush , Republican Vice Presidential candidates are or were members .
Since the entire listing from the U.S. included only 92 members , 18 in " public service , " the Trilateral Commission is offering an extraordinary concentration of major aspirants in the coming election , covering , as it happens , all three political constituencies .
In a sense , John Anderson represents a replay of Jimmy Carter 's 1976 candidacy , Anderson and Carter were both members of the Trilateral Commission from its inception .
Both became candidates out of obscurity : Jimmy Carter a peanut warehouseman and one - term Governor of Georgia ; John Anderson an undistinguished Republican Representative from Illinois .
Both come forth as mavericks ; Carter as the anti-Washington , anti-Establishment Populist ; Anderson , a right - wing Republican with what liberal Democrats regard as a dismal voting record in the House suddenly emerging as a forthright liberal reaching out for the independent vote , the Democrats disillusioned with Carter and the single - issue voters ; anti-nuke , pro-abortion , anti-draft , pro-E.R.A. , pro-gun control - that last an almost sure formula in the past for losing elections .
But if I am right , Anderson was not designed to win this election , but to cut into the Democratic vote .
Running initially as a candidate for the Republican nomination , he displayed his new political image and made his name recognizable .
Then we were treated to his agonizing decision whether to run as an Independent .
No agony .
As a Republican candidate he had already been eliminated by Regan .
To cut into the Democratic vote , he had to run as an Independent .
His recent conference with Senator Kennedy seems to me more of the same .
It says to American voters : See , I 'm not only closer to the Democrats than to the Republicans , I 'm like a real , authentic Democrat such as Senator Kennedy , who even agrees that we are close together on ( some ) issues .
What all this means , if I am right , is that David Rockefeller and his Trilateral Commission , having had four years of Jimmy Carter , have decided that they can do even better with Reagan and their man Bush .
Henry Kissinger , political adviser to the Rockefeller family and member of the executive committee of the Trilateral Commission , hailed Reagan at the Republican convention as " the trustee of our hopes . "
I think that John Anderson is the instrument designed by the Trilateral Commission to assure Reagan 's election .
GEORGE WALD
Woods Hole , Mass. , Aug. 14 , 1980
The writer is emeritus professor of Biology at Harvard and co-recipient of the 1967 Nobel Prize for Medicine .
EUROPE'S FUNDAMENTAL CHALLENGES
A paper by Herve de Carmoy presented to the 1996 Vancouver meeting of the Trilateral Commission .
Full conference booklet obtainable from the addresses below
Economic and Welfare State Reform While Moving to EMU
A superficial glance could lead external observers to the conclusion that on the economic , monetary and social fronts , there is and will be " nothing new in Western Europe " - the title of a famous book - in the near future .
OECK projections ( see Table 1 ) seem to corroborate that misperception .
Table 1 : European Union : Basic Economic Indicators
source : OECD 1995 1996 1997 1998 GNP growth ( volume ) 2.9 % 2.6 % 2.7 % 2.8 % inflation 2.9 % 2.6 % 2.6 % 2.7 % unemployment ( % of available ) 10.8 % 10.5 % 10.3 % 10.1 %
I propose to analyze what lies behind these figures .
What are some of the forces at work ?
What are some of the momentous political decisions being taken , which may alter the economic , social and political landscape of Europe before the turn of the century ?
EMU and the European welfare states will be at the center of our thought process .
My presentation will be in two parts .
We will first review economic developments within major European countries .
Then we will probe into the hidden part of the iceberg , the nature of the political scheme that is unfolding .
Germany
Germany is both a key country and the center of a monetary and economic zone which includes Austria , Belgium , the Netherlands and Denmark and now extends beyond the EU to the Czech Republic and Slovenia .
This is illustrated by the fact that short - and long - term interest rates in these countries , over a protracted period of time , vary little ( between 0 % and 1 % ) from German interest rates .
That linkage , combined with the reality of the intertwining of these economies with that of Germany , suggests that we may already have at work a small - scale version of EMU in Europe .
What happens to the German economy - a three trillion DM economy - is important in terms of EMU in its broadest sense and in terms of the social dimension of the European Union .
The OECD projections in Table 2 require a few comments .
In spite of a rate of capital formation 30 per cent higher than that of Great Britain , the German economy is in quasi-stagnation and unemployment is high .
However , the public deficit will have been brought well within the Maastricht criteria by 1998 .
Table 2 : Germany : Basic Economic Indicators
source : OECD 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 GNP growth ( volume ) 2.9 % 2.1 % 2.4 % 2.7 % 3.0 % inflation 2.0 % 2.1 % 2.0 % unemployment ( % of available ) 10.0 % 9.6 % 9.3 % 9.1 % 9.0 % public defecit ( % of GNP ) 3.1 % 3.0 % 2.3 %
Several factors explain the differential in performance in economic growth and unemployment with the United Kingdom ( and with the United States ) .
Two are worth a special mention :
First is the evolution of the exchange rate of the DM .
The volume of German exports has a negative sensitivity to prices of 0.5 , which means that an increase in prices of 10 per cent reduces volume by 5 per cent .
A year ago the DM appreciated by 28 per cent in relationship to the dollar , by 27 per cent in relationship to the lira , by 17 per cent in relationship to the pound .
These rates of appreciation have been more than halved since then but their impact on economic growth rates an unemployment has been far from insignificant .
Second , under the label Standort Deutschland , Germany is implementing fairly radical policies in terms of deregulation , public deficit reduction and the overhauling of " corporate Germany " ( as evidenced by the changes in Bayer or in Mercedes ) .
This quiet revolution is happening a decade later than in the United Kingdom and the United States .
As is normal in that kind of process , the economic and social costs are borne upfront , with the corresponding impact on GDP growth and unemployment .
The United Kingdom
The contrast with the performance of the United Kingdom is significant .
In the United Kingdom , the GNP growth rate has been higher than Germany for the last two years , by more than 20 per cent .
The OECD projects that the U.K. growth rate for the next three years should at least match that of Germany .
On a five - year basis , unemployment will have gone down by a good 2 per cent as a result of shrewd monetary policy and unemployment policies and a reduction of the active population .
The public deficit , which was at 7.8 per cent of GNP a few years ago , is projected by the OECD at 2.8 per cent in 1997 .
There is a saying that all roads lead to Rome , or to Brussels in its twenty - first century version !
The path taken by Great Britain deserves therefore a special mention .
Not surprisingly , the United Kingdom has been inspired by the United States .
Like America between 1980 and 1990 , the U.K. has carried out simultaneously four fundamental changes :
It has been more audacious in the timing and implementation of deregulation , from telecommunications to water , from gas to financial services .
The same can be said about privatization .
The last coup d'eclat was done without blinking an eye , when the first track of railroad was leased to a French private company ( which must say something about either the French or British Rail ) .
The United Kingdom has also gone a long way towards cleaning up its boardrooms .
Throughout the country , shareholders have made their voice heard and eased out management when it was less than competent .
Like in the United States , the United Kingdom has created a fiscal environment conducive to the reemergence of a new class of entrepreneurs , of the Branson type .
Finally the social cost of that deep a revolution has been softened by exchange rate adjustments , to the greatest benefit of Great Britain .
Paradoxical as it may sound , the United Kingdom seems well positioned now to take on a leading role in Europe .
We should adopt the attitude to the U.K. that Mrs. Thatcher adopted to President Mitterrand : " I do not listen to what he says .
I look at what he does . "
In the case of the U.K. , facts speak louder than words .
The United Kingdom meets most of the Maastricht criteria .
In addition it has made major strides in carrying out its internal revolution , at an acceptable social cost .
So it has a legitimacy in terms of democratic and political tradition and domestic modernization , and that legitimacy allows it to play a leading role in Europe .
But will the other powers in Europe , notably Germany and France , let it ?
Italy
Italy provides a transition between the United Kingdom and France :
Its GNP growth rate has been higher than that of Germany , by more than 20 per cent , for 1994 and 1995 .
It is projected to match Germany in 1996 and 1997 .
Its public deficit will be going down from 9.6 per cent to 6 per cent of GNP ( and it could be erased if Italian interest rates were to decrease permanently by 3 per cent ) .
The level of unemployment appears to be declining moderately , but the recent changes in statistical calculation methods invite us to be cautious .
Finally , like France , Italy enjoys a healthy current account surplus , which should grow to $ 30 billion in 1997 , from $ 15 Billion in 1994 .
So Italy might well be ready for EMU two to three years from now .
The story of Italy is a repeat of that of other European Countries , including Spain and Portugal .
More belatedly than the United Kingdom , but in keeping with its tri-millenium tradition , Italy has carried out Herculean tasks in terms of pension and tax reforms , deregulation and privatization .
It is also overhauling its industrial base .
Numerous changes in boardrooms have taken place with a view to accelerate the re-engineering of Italian industry .
Like the U.K. , Italy has protected its industry and cushioned the social cost resulting from the above - mentioned transformations by devaluing its currency .
France
France has a 7 trillion Franc economy with remarkable convergence with Germany , be it in GNP growth , inflation or even the public deficit ( see Table 3 ) .
The balance of trade between France and Germany is in equilibrium and , in contrast to Germany , France 's current account balance is likely to be positive ( $ 15 - 20 billion for the next three years , as last year ) .
Table 3 : France : Basic Economic Indicators
source : OECD 1995 1996 1997 1998 GNP growth ( volume ) 2.7 % 2.2 % 2.7 % 3.0 % inflation 1.8 % 2.0 % 2.1 % 2.0 % public defecit ( % of GNP ) 5.0 % 3.9 % 3.0 % 3.0 %
Like the rest of Europe , but later than the United Kingdom , France is carrying out massive internal reforms .
The British may have to suffer some painful problems with their " mad cows , " but the French are slaughtering battalions of sacred cows .
Social security , health care , pensions , education , military industry , railways , and telecommunications are all being either revamped , deregulated , privatized or overhauled .
the revolution is rapid , brutal and required opening up many battlefronts at a considerable human cost .
The Hidden Part of the Iceberg
In that sense , France , like Germany is no different from the rest of Europe , except for the hidden agenda , or what I called earlier the hidden part of the iceberg .
What differentiates France and Germany from some of the other European countries is their common political commitment , across the entire democratic political spectrum , to the common European currency , as the lever to accelerate the political integration of Europe .
It is the continuation , with another means , of the process initiated in 1952 when coal and steel were privileged as the symbol and reality of European unification .
Forty - five years later , France and Germany are committed to money - with its broad basis , for it concerns every citizen and every organization - as the trigger for another leap forward in the European integration process .
This is a political decision , with very significant social and economic consequences .
In a first phase , it appears plausible that unemployment will rise and that the gap between rich and poor will widen , especially as the welfare state will be slimmed down to meet the Maastricht criteria on public deficits .
In fact , the high social price of further European integration through EMU has been tacitly accepted , as illustrated by the absence of implementation of the Delors Plan for reduction in unemployment through large European public works .
Because of the political decision to use EMU for furthering political integration in Europe , the social price may be even higher than it was for instance in the United States , where it proved to be significant .
We all know that over the last 20 years the average earnings of the lowest - paid workers in the United States fell by 18 per cent , while the after - tax pay of U.S. management increased by some 60 per cent .
On the other hand , America created 20 million jobs , while in Europe unemployment rose by the same figure .
Europe will have to devise its own home - made solution to keep the momentum toward closer political unity through EMU while reengineering its industrial base and its welfare state systems .
Europe - notably France and the DM - zone countries - would be well - advised to be inspired by certain aspects of the American experiment , lowering the price of less - skilled labor as a better human and financial policy than paid unemployment .
Pragmatism will be of the essence , for the risk of ripping apart the national social fabric is not a gratuitous hypothesis .
The December strikes in France , with one million people out in the street , are a useful reminder of the tensions caused by that evolution .
This may be why the social ambitions of Europe are presently at the center of the French position on the future of Europe .
The French position serves a domestic purpose , by placating the opposition on an issue which belongs to their natural agenda .
But it also suggests an alternative to the free - trade zone notion of Europe of which the United Kingdom is a proponent , as well as to a Federal Europe supported by Germany .
Sometimes , like their Canadian friends , when the French cross the road they stay in the middle .
What have they found in walking to the middle and stopping ?
They have found a confederal Europe , with substantial self - government , and a common currency .
In conclusion , Europe is changing at a wrenching pace and change has become more difficult to handle in social and political terms .
But let there be no doubt :
The European Community will not become an industrial museum .
It will alter its welfare states and attempt to deepen its unification process by using EMU as a catalyst .
Hervé de Carmoy is Chairman of Banque Industrielle et Mobiliere Privée ( Paris ) and former Chief Executive of Société Générale de Belgique ( Brussels ) .
The Trilateral Commission -- A Council on Foreign Relations Front Organization
Monday , March 15 , 1999 , an AP article titled " Trilateral Commission reaches out to others , " was published on the Tampa Bay Tribune website .
The article is about the Council on Foreign Relations -- the real story is hidden between the lines .
The Trilateral Commission is a Council on Foreign Relations front organization , established to influence American foreign policy , and facilitate Council on Foreign Relations expansion into Europe , Canada and Japan .
The Council on Foreign Relations uses front organizations to protect it from connection to illegalities that could lead to a Congressional investigation .
Recent economic upheavals in the Far East and Russia have made them ripe for Council on Foreign Relations expansion .
Chinese , Korean , Russian , and Ukrainian movers and shakers were invited to the Trilateral Commission meeting to participate in " discussion - groups . "
The material generated will be used to prepare propaganda designed to influence United States national policy makers to support foreign policy favorable to Council on Foreign Relations controlled corporate expansion into those nations , and manipulate United States public opinion to favor those policies .
The Trilateral Commission was not the first front organization used to cover - up Council on Foreign Relations manipulation of U.S. foreign policy concerning Russia and the Far East .
In 1951 a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Internal Security , known as the McCarren Committee , investigated another Council on Foreign Relations front organization , the American Institute of Pacific Relations , for its role in controlling and coordinating actions favorable to the Soviet Union , the expansion of international communism , and the loss of China to the Communists .
The Council on Foreign Relations established the American Institute of Pacific Relations in 1925 .
Morgan and Rockefeller controlled Wall Street interests , foundations , and corporations closely allied to them ( including Standard Oil , International Telephone and Telegraph , and Chase National Bank ) provided the funding .
The Institute influenced United States policy towards Russia , China , and Japan , and helped establish Council on Foreign Relations controlled corporations in these areas .
The McCarren Committee never investigated the Council on Foreign Relations .
The investigation created a battle between the " Left " and the " Right " over communism , that still serves to confuse Americans to this day , and divert attention from the organization responsible for the problems -- the Council on Foreign Relations .
The article quotes Paul Volcker .
The article tells us the Trilateral Commission was founded by David Rockefeller .
The article does n't mention Volcker and Rockefeller are Council on Foreign Relations members .
Or , that Council on Foreign Relations members Zbigniew Brzezinski , and Jimmy Carter helped Rockefeller found the Trilateral Commission .
The article tells us , " The commission , founded 26 years ago by banker David Rockefeller , includes more than 300 mostly private citizens from the United States , Canada , Europe and Japan . "
The article warps the truth by failing to mention that over 90 % of the members are American citizens that belong to the Council on Foreign Relations .
Council membership is by invitation only , and restricted to American citizens .
The Trilateral Commission is an inner circle of Council on Foreign Relations members .
The RoundTable website contains a 1992 list of Trilateral Commission members [ http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/2807/CFRTClist.html ] .
It contains 337 names , 316 are found on various Council on Foreign Relations ( 1992,1990,1988,1987,1985 , and 1984 ) membership lists .
The other 21 people are either Americans not found on these Council on Foreign Relations rosters , or are European and Japanese members .
The Council on Foreign Relations operates by influencing public opinion .
Well planned psycho-political operations are focused at influential decision makers .
The operations manipulate decision makers to influence national policy to maximize Council member controlled industry profits .
Council member controlled medicine , munitions , media , banking , energy , and food industries profit most during periods of unrest and war .
The current plan to bomb Serbia , is the latest example of this sort of Council on Foreign Relations psycho-political operation .
On March 18th , Council on Foreign Relations member Madeleine Albright announced , " .. if Belgrade does n't reverse course the Serbs alone will be responsible for the consequences and I would like to remind President Milosevic that NATO stands ready to take whatever measures are necessary . "
As we all know , in Council on Foreign Relations members Albright and Clinton 's book that means bombing the Serbs .
Increasingly , it appears , key members of Congress are beginning to suspect that they have been lied to by the Clinton White House and are showing signs of real concern that the entire nation is about to become perpetrators of an attack upon a sovereign nation that could involve not peacekeeping but guerrilla warfare .
Council on Foreign Relation member Clinton 's Whitehouse contains 300 or more Council on Foreign Relations members he appointed to the CIA , NSC , State Department , and other agencies .
Whose orchestrating the lying , Albright , Clinton , the Clinton Whitehouse , or the Council on Foreign Relations ?
The psycho-political operations are developed through " discussion - groups . "
Council members attending the " discussion - groups " study different policy issues exploring and presenting divergent views .
The discussion is recorded and a digest of the discussion is produced .
The material is used to create news articles and essays designed to appeal to well targeted influential decision makers in diplomacy and international relations .
The Council on Foreign Relations member controlled media industry broadcasts the propaganda .
" Discussion - group " sessions are closed to news coverage , but are attended by Council on Foreign Relations members who are prominent news and media figures .
Security is usually tight , keeping the general public and news media out of the discussion , and identifying , photographing , adding as many " outsiders " as possible who do show up , to a list of potential " security " threats .
Any connections to the Council on Foreign Relations are edited out of the " news . "
Council on Foreign Relations success is largely due to keeping its identity a secret .
Adopting an organization of overlapping circles helps them do this .
The Trilateral Commission is one inner circle of Council on Foreign Relations members used to extend its influence abroad and to act as a cover to protect it from the scrutiny of a congressional investigation .
The Council on Foreign Relations evolved from the Institute of International Affairs .
British and American branches of the Institute of International Affairs were established on May 30 , 1919 , at a meeting in the Hotel Majestic in Paris , by American and British Paris Peace Conference delegates who belonged to the American and British branches of a secret - organization founded by Cecil Rhodes .
" Discussion - groups " were a Rhodes ' Secret - Society instrument developed and used to influence public opinion .
The Institutes of International Affairs adopted their use .
" Study - Groups " are formalized " discussion - groups " used by the Council on Foreign Relations and its branch organizations in other nations ; Council controlled think tanks such as , Rand , Brookings , Council for Strategic International Studies , and the John Hopkins Nitze School of Advanced International Studies ; and , Council controlled governmental agencies like .
the Central Intelligence Agency , and the State Department .
The meetings are limited to a small group experts .
Tight security is provided .
Discussions and material generated are often classified .
The material is used to produce classified reports and digests meant to influence select groups of high - ranking public officials , as well as articles , essays and stories meant to influence the public to accept the proposed national policy decisions .
By 1936 Institutes of International Affairs were established in Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , India , and Newfoundland .
Each Institute , under the guise of world peace , concentrated on influencing national - policy to achieve unity of all nations under one world government .
By controlling public opinion tension is created between nations wary of losing their national identity , mores , and cultures , resulting in a state of perpetual warfare used to justify peace - time National Security Emergency measures and large military budgets .
The groups goal was to maximize Institute member industry profits by selling both guns and butter .
Could the reason famous economist John Kenneth Galbraith has never written a book exposing the Council on Foreign Relations effect on the economy because Galbraith , is a Council on Foreign Relations member ?
In 1918 a group of international lawyers and high - ranking officers of banking , manufacturing , trading and financing companies , headed by Theodore Roosevelt 's Secretary of State Elihu Root , founded the Council on Foreign Relations .
Its purpose was to promote commerce through contact with distinguished foreign visitors .
After returning from the Paris Peace conference the American Institute of International Affairs approached the Council on Foreign Relations and proposed a merger .
On July 29 , 1921 , the American Institute of International Affairs merged with the Council on Foreign Relations adopting their name .
The new Council on Foreign Relations adopted the American Institute of International Affairs policy -- unity of all nations under one world government .
In 1925 ten independent national councils holding territory in the Pacific Area were created to extend the influence of the Royal Institute of International Affairs and Council on Foreign Relations into Russia and the Far East .
Institutes of Pacific Relations were established in an interlocking fashion with four existing Institutes of International Affairs ( Britain , Canada , Australia , New Zealand ) and the Council on Foreign Relations in the United States .
Institutes of Pacific Relations were established in five additional countries 1 . China , 2 . Japan , 3 . France , 4 . the Netherlands , 5 . the Soviet Union .
By 1939 the Institutes of Pacific Relations in the four British areas had merged with the local Institutes of International affairs .
The American Institute of Pacific Relations remained a Council on Foreign Relations front organization until it was eventually dissolved after the McCarren Committee investigation in 1951 .
The Institutes of Pacific Relations held joint meetings every two years .
The Pacific Council was a seven member Institute of Pacific Relations inner circle set up in 1927 .
Members of the four Commonwealth Institutes of Pacific Relations ( Britain , Canada , Australia , New Zealand ) also belonged to the Institute of International Affairs .
The other three members belonged to the Chinese , Japanese , and American Institutes of Pacific Relations .
Greene had attended the Paris Peace Conference , and after the conference was one of the early figures in the establishment of the Council on Foreign Relations .
The Pacific Council planned and coordinated psycho-political operations designed to achieve the unity of all nations under one world government .
One operation focused on extending the organizations influence and control throughout the League of Nations .
The annual Trilateral Commission meeting in Washington DC , is nothing more than a Council on Foreign Relations discussion group .
Influential European , Canadian , and Japanese citizens were invited to join the Trilateral Commission so that they could help shape United States Foreign policy and participate in the profits of Council on Foreign Relations controlled Companies in their nations .
Now , the Trilateral Commission is inviting Chinese , Korean , Russian , and Ukrainian movers and shakers to join in discussions that will be used to create psycho-political operations to influence United States Foreign policy allowing the Council on Foreign Relations to establish and control corporations is their countries .
If any wrong - doings resulting from the psycho-political operations are discovered Congress will focus their investigation on the Trilateral Commission and not the Council on Foreign Relations .
If such an investigation does take place , you will find , as in past congressional investigations , such as the Rockefeller Commission , the Church Committee , the Warren Commission , and the Tower Commission , that many of the Congressional investigators are members of the Council on Foreign Relations .
When the investigators , and those investigated , are closely connected , and the investigators do n't disqualify themselves because of prejudice or personal interest , has n't a crime called conspiracy to obstruct justice been committed ?
If the investigators are high - ranking public officials are n't the crimes high crimes , that call for impeachment and trial before Congress ?
Have you requested your elected representatives to call for a Congressional investigation of the Council on Foreign Relations ?
FYI : Can any of you speak Greek ?
A friend sent a link to a website about Athanasios Strigas .
The website seems to be a work in progress .
The website says , " Athanasios Strigas is an agent of NATO and the Trilateral Commission and has written more than 8 big books about the Trilateral Commission and the politics in general ...
His books are written in Hellenic and are related mainly to the connection and the involvement of the Bilderberg Club in the Hellenic politics and political events ( Turkish invasion in Cyprus , Military junta etc. ) .
Nevertheless they give very much information on the Trilateral Commission , Bilderberg Club , NSA , NATO and the secret agencies . "
The website contains Library of Congress listings of Strigas 's books .
The website is at [ http://www.geocities.com/Athens/Forum/8604/strigas.zip].
The AP article , modified to identify Council on Foreign Relations members , follows :
>
> Trilateral Commission reaches out to others
>
>
> WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Trilateral Commission , long an exclusive club of
> influential citizens from the world 's most powerful nations , is reaching
> out to other countries to help find ways to foster democracy and economic
> freedom .
>
> While leading figures from nonmember countries like China , Korea , Russia
> and Ukraine cannot become members of the commission , which meets annually
> to discuss the future of the world , they sat at the table for this year 's
> meetings in Washington , which ended Monday .
>
> ``We have taken steps importantly to extend the range of the discussion
>... to people outside the traditional trilateral areas , '' said former
>[ COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER ]
Federal Reserve Chairman Paul
> Volcker , leader of the U.S. contingent in one of the world 's most
> prestigious gatherings .
The commission , founded 26 years ago by banker
>[ COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER ]
David Rockefeller , includes more
> than 300 mostly private citizens from the United States , Canada , Europe
> and Japan .
>
> [ COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER ]
Volcker , at a closing news
> conference that attracted only a handful of journalists , said three days
> of discussions that involved about half the council 's membership reached
> no conclusions .
Sessions are closed to news coverage , although security is
> not tight and some media figures belong to the commission .
>
> Membership includes academics and industrial and former political leaders .
> Current members of national governments are excluded .
>
> `` The Trilateral Commission does n't make any recommendations on
> anything , '' Volcker said - particularly not on reform of exchange rates or
> the world financial system , which were among topics briefly discussed at
> the meeting .
>
> Otto Graf Lambsdorff , European chairman and former German Bundestag
> member , said China was the focus of much discussion , again with no
> consensus reached .
He said , however , that no one opposed cooperation with
> China and no one said China should not respect human rights .
>
> [ COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER ]
Volcker said the participation of
>representatives from several nonmember countries enhanced the discussions
> and will continue at future annual sessions , held alternatively in the
> United States , Japan and Europe .
>
> `` You have the opportunity of changing thinking , '' said [ COUNCIL ON
> FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER ]
Volcker , assessing the value of the meetings .
>``I would hope that there is some kind of changing in thinking , a
> convergence of thought , because people are affected by the discussions ,
> but it 's not directed deliberately towards a particular end , other than
> the fostering of democracy and economic development around the world . ''
>
> The Japanese commission chairman , Yotaro Kobayashi , head of Fuji Xerox
> Co. , Ltd. , said , ``Having more participants from outside ... has only
>enriched the course of the discussions . ''
>
>
>
Preceeding article sent by Roundtable
Visit the Roundtable Web Page : http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/2807
Title - 50 War and National Defense § 783 states -
" It shall be unlawful for any person knowingly to combine , conspire , or agree with any other person to perform any act which would substantially contribute to the establishment within the United States of a totalitarian dictatorship , the direction and control of which is to be vested in , or exercised by or under the domination of control of , any foreign government . "
The Council on Foreign Relations are in violation of Title - 50 War and National Defense § 783 .
The Council on Foreign Relations has unlawfully and knowingly combined , conspired , and agreed to substantially contribute to the establishment of one world order under the totalitarian dictatorship , the direction and the control of members of Council on Foreign Relations , the Royal Institute of International Affairs , and members of their branch organizations in various nations throughout the world .
That is totalitarianism on a global scale .
Visit the Roundtable Web Page : http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/2807
E-mail : roundtable@mail.geocities.com
What two Council on Foreign Relations members edited the English Translation of Mein Kampf ?
See " The Council on Foreign Relations & Mein Kampf " http://www.geocities.com/CapitolHill/2807/emhitler.html
News wire releases
12th Oct. 96 : EU / UNITED STATES / JAPAN - THE EUROPEAN GROUP OF THE TRILATERAL COMES TOGETHER .
Brussels ,
11/10/1996 ( Agence Europe ) - The European members of the Trilateral Commission ( bringing together for some twenty years now political leaders from Europe , America and Japan ) began their annual meeting in Helsinki on Friday 11 October , meeting that will end on Sunday 13 October .
Meeting under the Chairmanship of former Finance Minister Count Otto Lambsdorff , the group will reflect on : 1 ) the Finnish scene , under the Chairmanship of Max Jakobson , Head of Finland 's Trilateral Group ; 2 ) the Baltic nations , with the special participation of Lennart Meri , President of the Republic of Estonia ; 3 ) the European Union in progress , with European Commissioner Mario Monti , and Voker Ruhe , Germany 's Federal Minister of Defence ; 4 ) Europe 's enlargement and security , with Polish Foreign Minister Dariusz Rosati .
19th April 1996 : EU / TRADE - EU / NORTH AMERICA / JAPAN TRILATERAL COMMISSION MEETS IN VANCOUVER ( CANADA ) .
Brussels ,
18/04/1996 ( Agence Europe ) -
The annual meeting of the Europe - North America - Japan trilateral commission is to be held from 20 to 22 April in Vancouver ( Canada ) under the chairmanship of Paul Volcker ( United States ) .
It will be co-chaired by Otto Graf Lambsdorff ( Europe ) and Kiichi Miyazawaqui ( Japan ) .
Debates will focus on the implications for the trilateral countries of Asia - Pacific regionalism and security concerns , as well as on NAFTA and the host region 's political and economic developments .
Europe 's fundamental challenges and Japan 's search of a new framework will also be presented .
Two reports to the Commission will be discussed in Vancouver : " Maintaining Energy Security in a Global Context " and " Globalization and Trilateral Labour Markets " ( to be published in the summer ) .
The European Trilateral members will highlight Europe 's presence and future prospects in the world 's fastest growing economic area , in the footsteps of the recent EU - Asia ASEM Summit in Bangkok .
( Reuters news wire )
Beware the Trilateral Commission !
The Influential World Panel Conspiracy Theorists Love to Hate
The Washington Post , April 25 , 1992
David Mills , Washington Post Staff Writer
Behind closed doors ( of course ) , they are meeting this weekend in Lisbon .
Some call them " the shadow government , " " the Establishment , " the " global elite " that runs the world .
They call themselves simply ... the Trilateral Commission .
( Chills run up spine . )
Depending on which conspiracy theory you subscribe to - and the Trilateral Commission has found its way into many - this 19 - year - old organization is anti-American , anti-democratic , anti-Christian or anti-worker , and is scheming ultimately to abolish the sovereignty of nations and establish one world government !
According to Lyndon LaRouche , fringe political candidate and convicted tax cheat , the Trilateral Commission is behind the international drug trade .
A writer affiliated with the far - right Liberty Lobby says the commission is forever plotting to raise taxes on Americans , siphoning the money overseas .
Evangelist Pat Robertson believes it is somehow linked to Freemasonry and the occult , that it springs " from the depth of something that is evil . "
Preposterous , say members of the Trilateral Commission .
It is merely a " discussion group " on world affairs , composed of high - level corporate and public - policy types from North America , Western Europe and Japan .
The commission seeks only to promote international cooperation , for the betterment of everybody .
Nothing sinister .
Its annual reports and task force papers are available for the public to read .
Its membership list is n't secret .
Just ask and the commission will send you stuff .
Anyone who can dial directory assistance can get its New York phone number .
Still , plenty of ordinary , educated people have no idea what the Trilateral Commission is or what it does , even though its former members include George Bush and Jimmy Carter .
There is a shroud of mystery around it .
The press secretary for Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign did n't even know that Clinton is on it !
( Yes , Clinton is a Trilateralist too .
Coincidence ?
Oh read on , my wide - eyed friend . )
Now the truth can be told about the 325 people on the Trilateral Commission , and the many previous members :
They do run the world !
The thing is , it has nothing to do with belonging to the Trilateral Commission .
The TC is like a club for people who run the world anyway .
Like Paul Volcker , former head of the Federal Reserve System , who is the commission 's new North American chairman .
And Akio Morita , chairman and chief executive officer of Sony , the Japanese chairman .
And Count Otto Lambsdorff , leader of Germany 's Free Democratic Party , the European chairman .
Who else is on it ?
Well , as of last April , top executives of AT&T , ITT , Xerox , Mobil , Exxon , the Chase Manhattan Bank , First Chicago Corp. , General Electric , TRW , Archer Daniels Midland , PepsiCo , RJR Nabisco and Goldman Sachs ( not to mention Nissan , Toshiba and Fuji Bank ) .
And such former foreign - policy ultracrats as Henry Kissinger , Zbigniew Brzezinski , Robert S. McNamara and George Shultz .
And five U.S. senators , including John D. Rockefeller IV ( of course ) .
And House Speaker Tom Foley .
And some professors .
There is a handful of women , including Katharine Graham , chairman of The Washington Post Co. ( Chills run up spine . )
A few black people too .
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley , for instance .
But basically we 're talking about lots and lots of middle - aged white guys .
Who 's not on the Trilateral Commission ?
Not one professional athlete , playwright or pop star .
Hey , who do you want running the world ?
Ted Danson ?
From Right to Left Maybe because it meets behind closed doors , maybe because it 's packed with powerful international capitalists , maybe because one of its principal founders was banker David Rockefeller , whose surname reads like " 666 " to those who demonize the Eastern Establishment - whatever the reason , some folks just suspect the worst of the Trilateral Commission .
" These are not the types of people who get together for innocuous chitchat , " says Jim Tucker , who writes for the Spotlight , newspaper of the Washington - based Liberty Lobby .
Let us survey the thickets of anti-Trilateralism .
" With the takeover by the Trilateral Commission of the United States government , through Jimmy Carter , there was an explosion of the drug culture and related degeneracy throughout the country . "
That 's from " A Program for America , " published in 1985 by the " LaRouche Democratic Campaign . "
" It is a largely unspoken reality , " the book continues , " that the bankers and the IMF ( International Monetary Fund ) encourage dope growing and traffic as ' profitable free enterprise ' - for the bloodsucking bankers ! "
Co-conspirators , according to LaRouche , include the British monarchy , the Soviet Union and the " Zionist Lobby . "
Three years ago , on the stage of a crowded rock - and - roll club in downtown Washington , a young black man in paramilitary garb asked a largely white audience : " Who runs this world ? "
After a pause , he said , " The Trilateral Commission . "
That was Professor Griff , then a member of the rap group Public Enemy .
In a subsequent newspaper interview , Professor Griff mentioned the commission while describing a " wicked " global Jewish conspiracy .
In his 1991 book " The New World Order , " Pat Robertson - founder of the Christian Broadcasting Network and a brief challenger for the 1988 Republican presidential nomination - writes portentously :
" A single thread runs from the White House to the State Department to the Council on Foreign Relations to the Trilateral Commission to secret societies to extreme New Agers .
There must be a new world order .
...
There must be world government , a world police force , world courts , world banking and currency , and a world elite in charge of it all .
" I do not believe that normal men and women , if left to themselves , would spend a lifetime to form the world into a unified whole in order to control it .
...
No , impulses of that sort do not spring from the human heart , or for that matter from God 's heart . "
Tucker , like Robertson , challenges the Trilateralists ' " cover story " that they 're encouraging international cooperation for everyone 's betterment .
" We can have trade with other nations , we can welcome their tourists , we can send food to starving children in Biafra , " he 'll tell you .
" But not a U.N. flag flying over Old Glory . "
He calls himself a longtime observer of the Trilateral Commission as well as the Bilderberg Group , which since 1954 has sponsored annual off - the - record policy discussions among prominent Western Europeans and North Americans .
( Unlike the TC , the Bilderberg group has no formal membership .
It is run by a chairman , a steering committee and an international advisory group . )
Tucker sees Trilateralists , Bilderbergers and the New York - based Council on Foreign Relations - established in 1921 and long led by David Rockefeller - as a single elite network of globalists .
Tucker has traversed the United States and Europe to be near their meeting places , he says .
Once , he even crashed a Trilateral Commission meeting .
" I did n't understand it because the guy was speaking German .
It was kind of dull .
A few minutes later , though , I was tossed out . "
With a friendly chuckle , he adds , " It 's a lot of fun being a right - winger , you know ? "
Tucker also says he's got a source inside the Bilderberg group " whose name I only know as Pipeline . "
And it was Pipeline who provided Tucker with this stunning scoop in the April 20 edition of the Spotlight : Last June , Bill Clinton was " anointed " the Democratic presidential nominee by the Bilderberg group !
" I think the whole thing is rather ludicrous , " says Clinton campaign spokesman Jeff Eller .
" Governor Clinton made the decision to run and was n't handpicked by anybody . "
Criticism of the Trilateral Commission comes from the far left as well .
To Holly Sklar , who edited the 1980 anthology " Trilateralism , " the commission " represents the interests of multinational corporations and banks , " which means it 's contrary to the interests of Third World countries and workers all over .
It wants wages kept low .
It wants voters kept apathetic and polarized .
The Trilateral Commission is not a " conspiracy " and is not " omnipotent , " Sklar says .
" But that does n't mean it 's not influential . "
For example , she says the commission set out to economically " co-opt " OPEC , persuading countries like Saudi Arabia to put their petrodollars back into Western banks , and to buy weapons from the West , instead of investing in developing countries .
" I think that their vision of world order is not a world order that is good for most people , " she says .
" ( It has ) led very much to a system where a few people are enriched at the expense of very many . "
Global Cooperation
" I certainly do n't see our purpose as one of protecting the interests of multinational corporations , " says Charles B. Heck , North American director of the Trilateral Commission .
" We 're trying to think about foreign policy issues in as broad a framework as we can .
I see us serving a very broad public interest . "
Heck has heard all the attacks and critiques before .
In fact , he used to do a lot of radio talk shows , particularly around 1979 and 1980 .
" That seemed to be when the mythology was most intense . "
People had taken note of the number of former Trilateralists in the Carter administration .
There was Zbigniew Brzezinski , Carter 's national security adviser , the man considered the ideological godfather of Trilateralism .
And also Walter Mondale , Cyrus Vance , Harold Brown , W. Michael Blumenthal , Andrew Young .
During the 1980 presidential campaign , Bush 's Trilateralist background is said to have disturbed Ronald Reagan 's supporters on the far right .
On top of that , third - party candidate John B. Anderson was a Trilateralist too .
In Heck 's view , right - wing anti-Trilateralism has always been rooted in simple isolationism .
" This country finds it difficult to be so interdependent with the rest of the world , given our history and our national traditions , " he says .
" It 's a hard lesson for ( Americans ) to grasp . "
The idea behind creating the commission , he says , was that " the United States would never again be in such a singularly dominant position as in the immediate post - World - War - II era , and that leadership in the world would have to be shared . "
Now , such matters as the ecology - a new focus of Trilateralist study - will require global cooperation , Heck says .
And that does n't mean one world government .
Nor does it mean that the Trilateral Commission even speaks with one voice , he says .
It is n't a lobbying group .
" There are wildly overblown notions out there about what a group like this does and can do , " he says .
" There are n't lists of recommended actions ( that attendees ) leave with and commit themselves to implement . "
Heck , in fact , expects about half of the commission 's members to miss the Lisbon conference this weekend .
We 're talking about people , he says , who tend to be busy .
Among the topics to be discussed are regional trade agreements , migration and refugees issues and post - Cold - War international security .
Living Well
A few working journalists are on the Trilateral Commission .
And if a solid , straight - standing American journalist wo n't give you the real lowdown on what 's happening behind closed doors , no one will .
" It does not run the world , " says Time magazine Editor - at - Large Strobe Talbott , who 's been a Trilateralist for at least six years .
" Present company emphatically excluded , it 's made up of a number of highly influential people .
The body itself does not presume some sort of unitary influence .
In fact , quite the contrary .
...
There 's a lot of diversity .
" The proceedings I would describe as much more like a large and high - powered seminar than a parliament or a board of directors , " he says .
David Gergen , editor - at - large at U.S. News & World Report , agrees .
" These things sound powerful until you go to them , " he says .
" Then you find out that these are people who are genuinely interested in discussing things with each other .
When private citizens can have those discussions in a frank and open way , that 's helpful . "
Invited by David Rockefeller to join the commission last year , Gergen will address the Lisbon conference , along with Talbott , on the American political scene .
Why do n't these annual Trilateral get - togethers generate much news coverage ?
" Why should they ? "
Talbott says .
" People are not coming there to make news . "
( To ensure an uninhibited discussion , Trilateral Commission meetings are deemed to be " on background , " which means Gergen and Talbott can't quote the participants . )
And how does the gathering measure up as a social event ?
Cocktail wieners aplenty , or what ?
" I would not call the proceedings spartan , " Talbott says .
After all , these are people " who know how to live well and like to live well . "
He adds , though , " these are people who do n't have to go halfway around the world for a good meal or a good bottle of wine .
They come for something else , and that 's the content of the discussion . "
How to contact the Trilateral Commission
Trilateral Commission Europe contact :
Trilateral Commission , 35 avenue de Friedland , 75008 Paris .
Tel. : 33/1/40.42.45.11 or Fax : 40.42.24.74 .
Trilateral Commission U.S.A. contact :
Trilateral Commission , 345 East 46th Street , New York NY 10017 , Tel : 212-661-1180 , Fax : 212-949-7268 .
( phone also reported as 212-616 - 1180 )
Trilateral Commission overview http://www.fpglobal.pt/tril.html
Abstract on the Trilateral Commission http://www.netizen.org/arc-hive/NWO_TRI2.TXT
Background to the Trilateral Commission http://www.ccnet.com/~suntzu75/tc-1.htm
Rocker round the Clock
the index page
The mantra of the times is cost cutting .
The axe of cost cutting invariably falls on the employees .
It is either through wage reduction , reduced bonuses , reduction of other benefits , reduced work hours or in a worst case scenario in the form job losses .
In most countries unemployment rates are hitting close to double digits , the worst case scenario might soon become a reality for anybody including you .
In such a situation , it is imperative that you should have a plan B ready .
Instead of waiting for a surprise and acting re actively , it is important for you do a realistic assessment of your current situation .
Each and every one of you must have an understanding of your employer ’s financial situation and strategy , your own function / department current state and whether there is any danger of retrenchment at your level .
Once you access the macro and micro level picture , you need to play your next steps accordingly .
You may not have a choice but to look out for alternate employment if you feel that you may be in the firing line .
It may not be easy in the current situation .
However the current economic situation gives you an excellent opportunity to do what you always wanted to do .
Read
A job loss or a potential job loss might be an excellent excuse for you to change your field and move into the field of your liking .
An engineer may want to get into arts and a banker may want to get into farming .
This might prove to be a once in a life time opportunity and catalyst for such a shift .
If you do n’t foresee an immediate threat to your job , however at the same time do n’t feel confident about your situation in the medium term , you need to adopt a different strategy .
As long as the company you work with does n’t look like winding up / closing down , the first option to be explored should be within your employer .
Being fair to yourself , you need to treat your employer as your customer and demonstrate value for the salary you are earning .
If you feel the same is not the case in your current role , you should position yourself for an alternate role that is a better fit for your potential and will help bring more visible benefits to your employer .
Such an alternate role may be in the same or different function .
Such a positioning and the subsequent change to your role may not happen overnight .
However this paradigm shift in your outlook towards your employer will definitely help you in the medium to long run .
One important alternate option you need to consider is honing your professional skills .
It is an excellent time to consider education in your field of liking , be it a management degree or a certification in any technical subject .
It should be something which will give you satisfaction and the edge required to move ahead .
The thing you should keep in mind is to be careful on how much money you spend as fees .
The last thing you want is getting stuck in a ROI loop .
Last and not the least , your best option for plan B depends on how much you have saved in your coffers for the bad times .
If you have enough bank balance , what about an extended vacation for globe trotting ?
When Columbus reached the Caribbean in 1492 he had little interest in the new plants and animals of this land .
Instead he was confident that the Spanish crown could make the Arawaks and Caribs collect and give " what was needed " .
1492 - 1992
Christopher Columbus slaver and thief
America was not discovered , it was already populated by many nations of people .
Some of them were composed of primitive communistic societies of hunter - gathers .
It was these peoples that the European merchants first found and exploited to extermination .
In Mexico and Peru two military empires were in existence , the Azetcs and the Inca's
A TIME AND A PLACE
America was ' discovered ' at a time when Europe was entering a period of rapid change .
The merchants were gaining more power and coming into conflict with their feudal rulers .
It would take 200 years for the merchants to settle the conflict in the French revolution of 1788 but the seeds were growing .
Part of this expansion of early capitalism was based on the search for the source of the spices and metals that international trade was based upon .
The direct trade roots having been cut by the Turkish empire .
The " discovery 's " of this period were driven by this historical process .
When Columbus reached the Caribbean in 1492 he had little interest in the new plants and animals of this land .
Instead he was confident that the Spanish crown could make the Arawaks and Caribs collect and give " what was needed " .
He established a system by which the Arawaks were required to produce a certain quantity of gold every three months or have their hands cut off .
The survivors of this period were worked to death on the sugar plantations .
The empires on the American mainland also fell before the Spanish expansion .
The Aztecs at the time ruled over central Mexico but their empire was overstreched and full of internal divisions .
The ruling class was divided along religious lines but in an echo of the process occurring in Europe these was also conflict between the Empire and the merchant class .
The Inca 's ruled the length of the Andes , some 5000 kms but they too were internally divided .
By allying with the enemies of these two empires and making use of these internal divisions the Spanish were able to overthrow and enslave both nations with comparatively few men .
Both these empires were class societies whose development was halted by their destruction at the hands of the Spanish .
The suffered a similar fate to the primitive communist societies of the Caribbean .
Within a single generation 80 % of the Aztec population had been worked to death in the mines or on the land .
They had died of torture and because of the destruction of the infrastructure that had supported them .
Throughout this period the Catholic church was involved with the carnage , Colombus himself was deeply religious and the slogan of the conquistadors was " God , gold and glory " .
Forced conversions were a policy of the time , commonly as a preliminary to execution .
One of the few to publicly argue against the brutal treatment of the Americans was a priest however he was rapidly shut up by the Vatican .
The church produced an ideology of conquest designed to provide moral right to the brutal oppression of the native people .
SPANISH GOLD
The wealth that was generated by the Spanish conquests was enormous .
This wealth and the trade it generated within Europe was the backbone around which capitalism was built .
As the native populations of the Americas were wiped out merchants made more profits by kidnapping Africans and selling them to the sugar plantations and mines of America as slaves .
This along with the earlier barbarities required capitalism to develop a racist ideology as a justification for its brutality .
The Colombus debate is important because it exposes the brutal basis on which capitalism was built .
There is however another argument that sees the pre-Colombus societies as perfect societies which would have remained so were it not for European interference .
Could these societies have developed without going through all the horrors imposed on them by the European bosses ?
History can not be re-played but we do know that these societies were already going through a process of change .
Both the Azetcs and Inca 's were military empires based on conquest of other peoples .
The Aztecs also carried out ceremonial murders on a mass scale , in 1486 for instance 20,000 captives had their hearts cut out during a temple dedication .
They were societies with class and caste divisions .
Those peoples who still lived in primitive communist societies did so because these societies were not capable of generating any surplus for a minority to take .
The 500th anniversary serves as a remainder of how barbaric capitalism as an economic system is .
It is not Colombus who should be celebrated but rather those millions of native Americans on whose lives modern society was built .
There is no finer monument that can be raised to them then the creation of a society based on satisfying need , not greed .
First published in Workers Solidarity 35 , 1992
" Here we have one of the largest media companies in the U.S. now not only refusing to allow news coverage of a vitally important national question being asked by millions of Americans , but one that wo n't even permit the purchase of space to raise the question , " said [ WND founder Joseph ] Farah .
" What is the value of a First Amendment in a country when this kind of self - censorship is at work – self - censorship specifically geared to stifle inquiry and debate about the most powerful person in the country . "
" CBS is a company that is not squeamish about feeding America 's children a steady diet of offensive movies , obscene rap music and even TV commercials that push the cultural and moral envelope , " said Farah .
" But CBS is afraid to put up a sign containing four innocent words of constitutionally protected , non-inflammatory speech .
You explain that to me .
This is a giant media conglomerate unworthy of operating under the protection of the First Amendment . "
NBC Chicago is reporting that an elderly woman who " apparently could n't wait to get her Palm Pre " from a local Sprint store -- and yeah , we 're pretty sure that 's not the case -- decided to plow her car right through the entrance .
Best of all , a security camera captured the whole incident .
No one was hurt and the store will apparently be fixed in time for tomorrow 's big day , so if that puts your mind at ease , head on over after the break to witness , and possibly enjoy , all the mayhem . [ Via PalmPre.org
Image 1 of 2 Julian Dean ( Garmin - Slipstream ) hangs out with his son before the start of the stage .
( Image credit : AFP ) Image 2 of 2 Oscar Freire ( Rabobank ) in action during stage 10 .
( Image credit : Bettini Photo )
Oscar Freire ( Rabobank ) and Julien Dean ( Garmin - Slipstream ) were hit by lead pellets fired from an air rifle during Friday 's stage 13 at the Tour de France .
Neither rider was seriously injured and both plan to start in Saturday 's fourteenth stage .
Three shots were heard as the peloton were descending , 165 km into Friday 's stage .
Freire and Dean were hit , with the third shot luckily missing any member of the peloton .
Both teams confirmed the incident .
“ Oscar [ Freire ] was shot in the leg but he is okay , ” Rabobank spokesman Luuc Eisenga told Cyclingnews .
“ Just the thought of it is very frightening . ”
Eisenga said that the team was reporting the incident to the French gendarmerie .
After the stage , Rabobank team doctor Dion van Bommel removed a lead pellet from the three - time former World Champion 's thigh .
“ He was very cool , but that is Oscar , ” van Bommel said .
“ In the femur , such a pellet can cause little damage , but if it had hit Oscar in the eye , he would be blinded .
I think this is outrageous , and I 've never experienced anything like it in my career . ”
Garmin team manager , Jonathan Vaughters , told Cyclingnews : “ [ Julien ]
Dean was hit in the index finger .
I think this is an issue for the police .
It 's a bit sad that this happened .
The tour has remained open to the public because we trust them .
It would be horrible to erode that trust . ”
Twenty years ago , John Updike published a memoir , “ Self - ­Consciousness , ” which opens with an extended reminiscence of his hometown .
The author has been stranded for the evening while his mother and daughter are at the movies , and he walks the streets of Shillington , Pa. , in a light rain , reliving the past in the incantatory detail with which he informed and illuminated his fiction , summoning up the names of departed local merchants , of his teachers and elementary school classmates , recalling the material texture of his childhood right on down to the candies , magazines and coloring books offered for sale at the variety store , recording the essence of his time amongst us .
“ The street , ” he writes , “ the house where I had lived , seemed blunt , modest in scale , simple ; this deceptive simplicity composed their precious , mystical secret , the conviction of whose existence I had parlayed into a career , a message to sustain a writer book after book . ”
That message , that testimony of an individual and recollective consciousness as it relives and reviews the matter of a lifetime and grapples with the effects of aging , disease , decline and death , is the focus of Updike ’s final collection of new fiction .
Of these 18 stories , all but one ( an odd travelogue called “ Morocco , ” dating from 1979 ) were published in the last decade , and their themes and situations hark back to the author ’s earliest autobiographical fiction , especially the stories set in Olinger , Updike ’s fictionalized version of Shillington .
The difference here is that the protagonists in this collection are , for the most part , at the end of their lives , and so the news of familial drama and divorce and the cocktail parties , barbecues and casual wooings of quotidian life in suburbia is given retrospectively , wistfully , presented in the larger context as memories of lost moments and lost opportunities .
Updike once described himself as “ a literary spy within average , public - school , supermarket America . ”
So he was .
And these are his last smuggled dispatches , made all the more poignant for their finality .
Two of the stories here feature a familiar Updike alter ego , David Kern , the boy who teetered on the brink of losing his faith all those years ago in “ Pigeon Feathers , ” now grown old and hesitant .
Both are set in motion by Kern ’s return to Olinger , first for a high school class reunion and then for a nearby conference .
In the more successful of the two , “ The Walk With Elizanne , ” Kern and his second wife go first to the local hospital to visit a classmate who is unable to attend the reunion because of her infirmity .
Mamie is bedridden , emaciated , old , dwelling , as she says , in the “ last chapter ” of her life , and yet Kern remembers her as she was in kindergarten , remembers her mother , remembers the class plays where she was always “ the impish little sister . ”
What sustains her — and him — is her religious faith , a theme that runs through many of the stories in this collection .
Kern contrasts that faith with the “ unresisted atheism ” that “ left people to suffer with the mute , recessive stoicism of animals . ”
At the reunion itself , he encounters Elizanne , whom he also knew as a child but who even then represented something of the exotic , her name pronounced “ Ay - lizanne , ” and now , though “ plump women of 67 or - 8 have a family resemblance , ” she electrifies him by telling him how much he ’d meant to her all these years because he was the first boy to walk her home and kiss her .
This occasions a flood of recollected sensory detail , Updike at his best , an eternalizing of the moment of that kiss which stands in defiance of age and decrepitude and the bone cancer winnowing Mamie in the prison of her reduced self .
In the final scene , the story takes a bold leap into the past , illuminating the walk and the kiss , Elizanne pattering on in her soft breathless adolescent voice and already arrived on her parents ’ doorstep with so much more to tell .
And David , the stutterer of the Olinger stories , enchanted , intoxicated , assuring her , “ We have t- tons of time . ”
I 'm not singing in this one , so you do n't have to be scared to press play .
Thanks to Francisco Rangel and Scott Small for help on the lyrics .
Thanks to Max DeGroot of The Fump.com for recording the song , and Rob Balder of The Fump.com for his help .
Song as MP3 file .
Lyrics : First was the wood one
And then there was
Lisa and the Mac
And please do n't underestimate the iPod
Apple Computers
We rake in the cash as best we can
We think we 're doing pretty well , ' til good ol ' Steve -o is dead
But there 's no sense selling all your company stake
Until Steve is choking on a piece of cheesecake
To your broker you run , and you get the deals done
Then you 'll find out that Steve 's still alive
You 're not reinvesting
You are controlled by fear right now
After you read his obituary
But it was retracted
But not really quick enough by far
As you read it hurt , because he was a hero to you
Now the stocks are dropping , yes , they 're on the decline
There 's no need to worry because everything 's fine
But I 'm glad you got burned
Think of all the cash we earned , because I know that Steve 's still alive
Please Steve do n't leave me
Now who would we turn to if you did ?
Who could ever possibly replace you ?
Maybe Steve Ballmer
That was a joke , ha ha , fat chance
Anyway this iPhone 's great , and there 's just so many apps
Look at you downloading all these songs from iTunes
Now you 're really glad you did n't buy a brown Zune
I 'll be having lots of fun , making money by the ton
For the master who is still alive
And believe me that he 's still alive
He 's wearing turtlenecks and still alive
He 's thinking different and he 's still alive
While you 're buying he 'll be still alive
And when you 're broke he will be still alive
Still alive
Still alive
If you have any questions , comments or suggestions please send them to me at briggsb@bbspot.com .
Thanks .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Many people believe that a public plan would save money through lower administrative costs and because a government - controlled system would allow the government to ram through cost reductions .
But lower administrative costs , even if they materialized , would not affect the fundamental incentives driving inflation .
And the current public plan would n’t really change the system .
A Congressional Budget Office analysis of the public plan provisions in the bill from the Senate committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions ( HELP ) projected that they would neither increase the total number of people insured nor substantially affect costs , “ largely because the public plan would pay providers of health care at rates comparable to privately negotiated rates . ”
Then there are all these mysterious deals the White House is cutting with industry groups .
They sound good , but it ’s not clear what industry is getting in return , and they , too , would not alter the fundamental incentives .
Keith Hennessey , the former chief of the National Economic Council , studied the HELP bill and wrote on his blog that aside from one provision , “ I can find nothing that would provide information and incentives to consumers , medical professionals , health plans , employers or government to slow the growth of long - term private health care spending . ”
Wait , it gets worse .
The bills not only fail to reduce health care inflation , they make it harder to fix the larger fiscal mess later .
They do that by taking the chits we could use to balance the overall budget and using them to cover the $ 1.3 trillion in new federal health spending .
To get our overall fiscal house in order , we ’re going to need to raise taxes on the rich .
The House bill would use that chit to pay for expanded coverage .
We ’re going to have to take a bite out of Medicare spending .
The administration plan does that to pay for expanded coverage .
We ’re going to have to tax people in the middle class more .
The Congressional bills effectively do that by mandating coverage and then failing to subsidize middle - class consumers .
But that burden , too , is to pay for new coverage .
Instead of brightening the fiscal picture , these bills make it immeasurably worse .
Health care inflation is not some optional side issue that can be left out of reform .
It is the core problem that undermines the viability of the health care system , the federal budget and the economy as a whole .
Maybe the administration will provide some last - minute solution in conference or somewhere else .
But right now the prospects do n’t look good .
section = economia nombre = impresa.economia
Obama nacionaliza GM en forma temporal ; Chrysler se vende a Fiat El Oldsmobile cuatro puertas de 1941 fue un modelo exitoso para General Motors , la empresa automotriz emblemática del poderío industrial estadunidense durante gran parte del siglo pasado Foto Ap Una tiene al gobierno de EU como nuevo dueño y la otra al sindicato de trabajadores
Se invertirán otros 30 mil mdd en la firma de Detroit Habrá más sacrificio de empleos y concesiones , advierte Obama Cierran 14 plantas y se liquida a otros 22 mil sindicalizados
Se desplomaron las remesas 19 % en abril , según el BdeM Falta de empleos y más controles migratorios , las causas
Se acumulan 12 meses consecutivos de caídas anuales en los envíos
La quiebra de GM no afectará sus operaciones en México , dice Henderson La mano de obra barata permitiría atraer líneas de producción
Comparecen Kessel y Reyes Heroles ante la Comisión Permanente Este martes comparecen en la tercera comisión , de la Comisión Permanente , la secretaria de Energía , Georgina Kessel , y el director general de Petróleos Mexicanos , Jesús Reyes Heroles , para que expliquen el retraso en dar posesión al consejo de administración de la paraestatal .
Esta comparecencia fue aprobada por el PRI , PRD , PT , Convergencia y Partido Verde con el voto en contra del PAN , que se opuso con el argumento de que era innecesario que asistieran los funcionarios referidos , pues ya fueron notificados de la instalación formal del nuevo consejo de administración de la paraestatal .
Los consejeros ya habían sido ratificados por el Senado , pero los funcionarios del gobierno federal no les habían dado posesión y , en ausencia de ellos , licitaron contratos y obras públicas para Pemex .
Continuar
Anuncia
Ford que subió su producción en América del Norte Detroit , 1 de junio .
Ford Motor
Co , la única automotriz estadunidense que no ha entrado en bancarrota , dijo que está siguiendo de cerca las turbulencias de la industria para asegurarse de que su propia restructuración siga en camino , al tiempo que elevó levemente sus planes de producción .
Ford mencionó que aumentó su producción en América del Norte en el segundo trimestre , y que planea fabricar más vehículos en el tercer trimestre que en el mismo periodo del año anterior .
Añadió que no espera grandes interrupciones en sus operaciones como resultado de la presentación de bancarrota de su rival General Motors Corp del lunes .
Continuar
Posible , una política económica coherente , con la reforma a Pemex , afirma consejero Urge mayor coordinación entre Petróleos Mexicanos y CFE , las 2 grandes empresas del país , asegura
Cada vez más complejo y turbulento , el panorama económico del país : Concamin Suman 9 meses consecutivos de retroceso en el sector industrial , dice
Repuntan precios del crudo en NY y Londres Nueva York , 1 º de junio .
Los precios del petróleo tuvieron otro fuerte aumento este lunes en Nueva York y Londres , al superar 68 dólares , su nivel más alto en siete meses , en un mercado impulsado por expectativas de una recuperación económica y por la debilidad del dólar .
En el New York Mercantile Exchange , el barril de West Texas Intermediate ( designación del “ light sweet crude ” negociado en Estados Unidos ) para entrega en julio ganó 2.27 dólares y terminó a 68.58 dólares , en relación al cierre del viernes , luego de alcanzar 68.68 dólares poco antes del cierre , sostenido por la sólida alza de Wall Street luego de mediar la jornada .
En el InterContinental Exchange de Londres , el barril de Brent del mar del Norte con igual vencimiento ganó 2.45 dólares a 67.97 dólares , luego de subir en sesión hasta 68.03 dólares .
En gran parte es resultado de la debilidad del dólar , explicó Antoine Halff , de Newedge Group .
La mezcla mexicana de petróleo repuntó al ubicarse en 62.34 dólares , una ganancia de 11 centavos de dólar .
Continuar
Sube la BMV al nivel que tenía hace 8 meses La Bolsa Mexicana de Valores ( BMV ) fue impulsada a niveles de octubre de 2008 , más de 25 mil puntos en su principal indicador , gracias a una mayor confianza de los inversionistas .
El índice de precios y cotizaciones ( IPC ) cerró la jornada en 25 mil 105.63 unidades , les decir , avanzó 773.92 unidades , equivalente a 3.18 por ciento arriba del cierre del viernes pasado .
Pese a las malas expectativas de la economía nacional , planteada por especialistas privados en sus respuestas a la encuesta del Banco de México y el anuncio de la quiebra de General Motors en Estados Unidos , el mercado local fue jalado por los resultados positivos de otras bolsas de valores .
Analistas bursátiles comentaron que el optimismo se deriva de noticias positivas provenientes de Estados Unidos y China , cuya recuperación económica animó las expectativas de los inversionistas prácticamente en todo el orbe .
Asimismo , la Bolsa de Nueva
York alcanzó ayer lunes su nivel más alto desde comienzos de enero , impulsada por indicadores alentadores en Estados Unidos y China y tranquilizada luego de que se definiera la situación de General Motors : el Dow Jones subió 2.60 por ciento , ubicándose en las 8 mil 721.44 unidades , y el Nasdaq 3.06 por ciento , sumando mil 828.68 unidades .
En tanto , el índice ampliado Standard & Poor ’s ganó 2.58 por ciento , ubicándose en 942.87 unidades , su mayor puntaje desde el 5 de noviembre .
En Asia también concluyeron su jornada con ganancias generalizadas .
En Hong Kong se registró una ganancia de 3.95 por ciento , en Tokio de 1.63 por ciento y en Sydney de 1.96 por ciento .
Continuar
Cayeron más de 28 % ingresos publicitarios de diarios de EU Washington , 1 º de junio .
Los ingresos publicitarios de los diarios estadunidenses cayeron más de 28 por ciento en el primer trimestre de este año , tanto en los periódicos como en Internet , informó en su sitio la Asociación Americana de Diarios ( NAA ) .
Los ingresos en periódicos bajaron 29.7 por ciento durante los primeros tres meses del año , en comparación con el mismo periodo del año pasado , a 5 mil 900 millones de dólares , según cifras publicadas en el sitio de la NAA .
Los ingresos de los diarios en Internet bajaron en el mismo periodo 13.4 por ciento , a 696.3 millones de dólares .
Los ingresos mediante avisos clasificados – tanto en Internet como en papel– también descendieron 42.3 por ciento en unos mil 460 millones de dólares .
Estas cifras negativas en el primer semestre llegan después del peor año para la prensa estadunidense , que ya había registrado una caída total de 16.6 por ciento de sus ingresos publicitarios , a 3 mil 780 millones de dólares en 2008 .
El sector se ve afectado por la competencia con sitios de avisos clasificados gratuitos como Craigslist , así como por la migración de sus lectores hacia sitios de información gratuita .
La prensa estadunidense vivió una seguidilla de quiebras , despidos y cierres en los últimos meses .
Continuar
EU como Estado ya impone decisiones en grandes empresas Washington .
El Estado federal estadunidense está ahora en una situación que le permite imponer sus decisiones en varias empresas importantes del país , aunque las autoridades repiten que su presencia en el capital de estos grupos es temporal y que planea desempeñar el papel de un accionista pasivo .
He aquí las principales empresas estadunidenses en las que el Estado tomó participaciones significativas desde el otoño pasado : AIG , donde el Estado detenta 79.9 por ciento del capital ; Fannie Mae y Freddie Mac , que fueron colocados bajo tutela del Tesoro en septiembre ; Citigroup , al cual el Tesoro aportó 45 mil millones de dólares de ayudas ; GMAC , grupo de crédito automotor al que se le aportó 12 mil 500 millones de dólares ; Chrysler : el plan de restructuración aprobado por la justicia neoyorquina estipula que el gobierno detendrá 8 por ciento del capital de la empresa ; General Motors , al cual el Estado aportó 20 mil millones de dólares para mantenerlo con vida y le promete otros 30 mil millones , asumirá el 60 por ciento del capital de la empresa que nacerá de los escombros de GM .
Controlará además 8 mil 800 millones de títulos de deuda .
Continuar
This definitive 8 - volume reference is a comprehensive print and electronic resource covering the history of protest and revolution over the past 500 years – throughout the modern era of mass movements .
From the rebellion against the Peasant 's Revolt in Germany to the Taiping Uprising in China , and from the Enlightenment - inspired revolutions in Europe and America to the anti-colonial revolts of Pancho Villa and the Mau Mau , it covers every major revolution that has altered societies or changed the course of history on a local , regional , national , and international scale .
It presents major uprisings and protest movements , and the ideas , ideologies and activists that propelled them , chronicles the manner in which they unfolded , traces their roots , goals , tactics , and influence , and evaluates their successes and failures .
No other reference examines in such detail or with such breadth the revolts and popular uprisings , large and small , that have transformed our world .
Here at Popehat we talk a lot about how the government — through design or through bureaucratic inertia — sticks its nose into your business .
It 's easy to forget that the government can be even more of a bizarre , ineffectual nuisance when you work for it .
Case in point : the City of Bozeman , Montana .
Say you want a job with Bozeman .
You 'd expect to fill out an application .
You 'd expect to disclose your education , and almost certainly your criminal history .
But would you expect being required to disclose every internet forum and social networking site you use and every web site you comment upon ?
The requirement is included on a waiver statement applicants must sign , giving the City permission to conduct an investigation into the person's " background , references , character , past employment , education , credit history , criminal or police records . "
" Please list any and all , current personal or business websites , web pages or memberships on any Internet - based chat rooms , social clubs or forums , to include , but not limited to : Facebook , Google , Yahoo , YouTube.com , MySpace , etc. , " the City form states .
There are then three lines where applicants can list the Web sites , their user names and log - in information and their passwords .
Yes .
In other words , Bozeman wants you not only to list every web site on which you have a username , but wants you to turn over your password .
Presumably Bozeman does not plan to get into the sock - puppet business , so I can only assume that they want to have an easy way to search for every comment you have ever made under your various usernames .
Bozeman officials think this requirement is narrowly drawn .
Said City Attorney Greg Sullivan :
We 're not putting out this broad brush stroke of trying to find out all kinds of information about the person that we 're not able to use or should n't use in the hiring process .
Well , actually , Greg , you are .
You 're demanding a broad swath of information that is completely unrelated to the applicants ' qualifications , and that demands disclosure of speech activity that the state cannot use to deny employment .
A state " cannot condition public employment on a basis that infringes the employee ’s constitutionally protected interest in freedom of expression . ”
Connick v. Myers , 461 U. S. 138 , 142 ( 1983 ) .
Evaluation of retaliation against public employee speech involves a balancing test taking into a account ( 1 ) whether the employee was speaking as a citizen on a matter of public interest [ as opposed to speaking as a government representative ] , and ( 2 ) whether the government had an adequate justification for treating the employee differently based on the speech .
Pickering v. Board of Ed. of Township School Dist . 205 , Will Cty. , 391 U. S. 563 ( 1968 ) .
Bozeman might be able to fire — or refuse to hire — employees for some internet conduct that could serve to disrupt city business , but cannot justify demanding not just identification of , but control over all forums on which an employee comments , whatever the content .
Moreover , the City has no possible , let alone adequate , justification for limiting what employees say under anonymous usernames like WootILoveMontana on YouTube .
This leaves aside the entire privacy analysis , which is another problem .
How could Bozeman get away with such a ludicrous and patently illegal policy ?
The same way the government always gets away with sticking its nose in people 's business : cowardice and indifference .
No one has ever removed his or her name from consideration for a job due to the request , Sullivan added .
The government will always get away with bad behavior if nobody stands up .
Last 5 posts by Ken White
Lightning delays Endeavour launch
Lightning from a severe thunderstorm that rolled over the Kennedy Space Center on Friday , July 10 caused NASA to postpone the launch of space shuttle Endeavour , originally planned for Saturday , to allow engineers additional time to ensure the strikes at pad 39A did n't harm onboard systems .
This gallery of images from a camera positioned near the pad to capture the launch caught the dramatic lightning show .
Photo credit : Gene Blevins / LA Daily News
The union conference denounced a " pandering to anti-immigration racism "
University academics say they will boycott new visa rules for overseas students that would make them into " immigration snoopers " .
Delegates at the University and College Union 's annual conference said they did not want to become a branch of the UK Border Agency .
Under the new rules universities are expected to monitor whether overseas students really attend their courses .
The Home Office said such things were part of their normal duty of care .
Institutions must also report concerns that a student could be involved in terrorism .
In a debate at the conference , in Bournemouth , delegates argued that the rules would place a strain on the relationship between staff and students from outside the European Union .
' Pernicious '
General secretary Sally Hunt said : " UCU members are educators not border guards . "
She said later : " Politically , UCU is absolutely opposed to this legislation and we know that many members have strong and principled moral objections as members of society and as professional educators .
" One of the more pernicious effects of this new system will be to turn our members into an extra arm of the police force , placing monitoring and reporting responsibilities onto academic and support staff . "
One of the resolutions tabled for discussion said the new system " makes educators into immigration snoopers which could damage UK education irreparably " .
It deplored " this pandering to anti-immigration racism " and committed the union to " non-compliance with all such policing and surveillance duties " .
But a Home Office spokesman said : " Educational institutions have a duty of care to all their students and checking that they are attending and making progress in their studies is part of that responsibility .
" The records we expect education providers to keep are those which most will keep for their own purposes anyway . "
All the cool kids on the block are talking about Scala .
Is Scala the next big thing ?
the Golden Hammer ?
The Hype is justified
First of all , yes , the hype is justified , Scala is a gorgeous language : powerful , elegant and fun .
Not the same “ fun ” that bring us Python or Groovy , is more an “ Intellectual Fun ” .
Scala have many features and constructs that can teach a lot of Computer Science and language design , maybe more than another language , and for a Geek like me this is a lot of fun
But , beware , as the Uncle Ben Parker says : “ With great power comes great responsability ” .
Scala is a very complex language , some times Scala is overwhelming .
Personally I ( think that ) dominate Java in 3 years including a SCJP : easily Scala will take me 2 or 3 times to tame .
Scala have features that , poorly used , can make your code a mess , and is probably that you ca n’t read your own code in six months .
So is necesary a good amount of discipline and good praxis
In the other side of the coin , this mean a long ( and fun ) way of learning and auto discovery that ’s will keep you interested for a long , long time
Why Stripes / Spring if exists Lift ?
I most confess that I do n’t know Lift more than a couple of quicks looks at Lift ’s Site , seems good but the Maven thing scare me a lot , but the most important reason is simple ; I ’m a Big Fan of Stripes / Spring .
I spend the last 3 years on both frameworks , So , Why throw away all my hard earned experience , if I can use both frameworks with Scala ?
Lets code
Many tutorials have an academic approach , but for some people is more easy with an example project , this is the approach with this tutorial .
Although I ’m not a Scala expert , I ’ll try to do the best I can
The Project
In IntelliStripes ’s repository we have a toy project that we use to make functional test , you can see the java code
in http://code.google.com/p/intellistripes/source/browse/#svn/trunk/functional-test
or use a SVN Client to checkout
This project is a “ bare bones ” web app for Task Management ( very original ) , nothing fancy here just create an account , create your tasks and delete them
The Domain ( or is the model ? ? )
We have 2 simples entities User and Task , just simple java beans
User.scala
package com.simpletasks.domain
/**
* Created by IntelliJ IDEA .
* User : Mario Arias
* Date : 15/05/2009
* Time : 10:09:57 PM
*/
class User {
private var id : Int = 0
private var email : String = _
private var password : String = _
private var name : String = _
private var lastName : String = _
def getEmail : String = email
def setEmail ( email : String ) = this .email = email
def getId : Int = id
def setId ( id : Int ) = this .id = id
def getLastName : String = lastName
def setLastName( lastName : String ) = this .lastName = lastName
def getName : String = name
def setName ( name : String ) = this .
name = name
def getPassword : String = password
def setPassword ( password : String ) = this .
password = password
override def toString : String = " User{ " +
" email= ' " + email + '\ '' +
" , id= " + id +
" , password= ' " + password + '\ '' +
" , name= ' " + name + '\ '' +
" , lastName= ' " + lastName + '\ '' +
'} '
}
Java version
Let ’s see line by line and go deeper in Scala concepts on the way .
Scala Files :
In Java you need to declare the file with the same name of a public class ( interface , enum ) in Scala you don´t have the same limitation .
You can have several classes , even many packages , or an entire application in one file , I do n’t know if you can want this , but is posbile , in the other side , navigate into this files could be frustrating
In Java you need to declare the file with the same name of a public class ( interface , enum ) in Scala you don´t have the same limitation .
You can have several classes , even many packages , or an entire application in one file , I do n’t know if you can want this , but is posbile , in the other side , navigate into this files could be frustrating line 00 Packages : packages in scala have the same sintax that in java , but also you can declare as the namespaces in C#. Example :
package com {
package simpletaks.domain{
}
}
packages in scala have the same sintax that in java , but also you can declare as the namespaces in C#. Example : line 01 Comments : Same as Java .
Same as Java . line 07 Access Modifiers :
All is public by default , but also exists private and protected .
Access Modifiers are more powerful than in Java , but for now is enough .
More on this later
All is public by default , but also exists private and protected .
Access Modifiers are more powerful than in Java , but for now is enough .
More on this later line 07 Class Declaration : Similar to Java , More on this later
Similar to Java , More on this later line 08 Look ma ’ no semicolons : Scala do n’t need semicolons , but you can add them if you want
Scala do n’t need semicolons , but you can add them if you want line 08 Vars :
The var keyword means that this field will change in the time , in other words is a variable ( D’oh )
The var keyword means that this field will change in the time , in other words is a variable ( D’oh ) line 08 Type :
The type of a field or a method is declared after the name and separated with colon
The type of a field or a method is declared after the name and separated with colon line 08 ( Not So ) Primitives : Scala do n’t have primitives ; all in Scala is an object , so the concept here is called basic types .
The basic types are
Byte 8 - bit signed two ’s complement integer ( - 27 to 27 – 1 , inclusive ) Short 16 - bit signed two ’s complement integer ( - 215 to 215 – 1 , inclusive )
Int 32 - bit signed two ’s complement integer ( - 231 to 231 – 1 , inclusive ) Long 64 - bit signed two ’s complement integer ( - 263 to 263 – 1 , inclusive ) Char 16 - bit unsigned Unicode character ( 0 to 216 – 1 , inclusive ) String a sequence of Chars Float 32 - bit IEEE 754 single - precision float Double 64 - bit IEEE 754 double - precision float Boolean true or false
Scala do n’t have primitives ; all in Scala is an object , so the concept here is called basic types .
The basic types are line 08 Assign : Same as Java
Same as Java line 09 Placeholder :
You ’ll see the _ character a lot in Scala code , this is a placeholder and have many , many uses , in this case is the same as null .
But why you want to assign null to a field ?. ’ cause in Scala when you do n’t assign a value to a field is the same as have and abstract method in Java ;
In fact do you need to declare abstract your Scala class .
In conclusion an abstract Scala class could have abstract fields or methods .
This is weird coming from the Java world , but is pretty useful
You ’ll see the _ character a lot in Scala code , this is a placeholder and have many , many uses , in this case is the same as null .
But why you want to assign null to a field ?. ’ cause in Scala when you do n’t assign a value to a field is the same as have and abstract method in Java ;
In fact do you need to declare abstract your Scala class .
In conclusion an abstract Scala class could have abstract fields or methods .
This is weird coming from the Java world , but is pretty useful line 13 Function declaration :
All the functions ( methods ) in Scala start with the def keyword
All the functions ( methods ) in Scala start with the def keyword line 13 Look ma ’ no parenthesis ( neither braces , nor return ) :
Well that ’s is less code , but all have and explanation , the lack of parenthesis = absence of parameters , the lack of braces = one - line function , the lack of return = pretty similar to Groovy , the last line of a function is the return ; but like Groovy you can made the return explicit
Well that ’s is less code , but all have and explanation , the lack of parenthesis = absence of parameters , the lack of braces = one - line function , the lack of return = pretty similar to Groovy , the last line of a function is the return ; but like Groovy you can made the return explicit line 14 Look ma ’ no void :
Yes and not , remember that scala is functional / object language , so all functions have a return type , in the case that function return nothing , the type of the function is Unit .
So the same could be declared as def setEmail ( email : String ) : Unit = this .
email = email .
Yes and not , remember that scala is functional / object language , so all functions have a return type , in the case that function return nothing , the type of the function is Unit .
So the same could be declared as .
line 13 and 14 Getters and Setters and @ BeanProperty Hot topic .
Many of you will blame me for write myself Getters and Setter when I could use the @BeanProperty and write less code just like this @ BeanProperty
private var id : Int = 0 and voila !!
the compiler will generate a nice shiny get / set pair for me … you read well the compiler , thats mean that I cannot invoke this get / set pair on my own code , for me is almost useless , but a lot of people like this approach .
Before you start to complain that I could declare the var as “ public ” and call it directly , I remember you that this is a Scala on Stripes / Spring tutorial and I need too use this class in the JSP so I need the get / set pair
Hot topic .
Many of you will blame me for write myself Getters and Setter when I could use the and write less code just like this and voila !!
the compiler will generate a nice shiny get / set pair for me … you read well the compiler , thats mean that I cannot invoke this get / set pair on my own code , for me is almost useless , but a lot of people like this approach .
Before you start to complain that I could declare the var as “ public ” and call it directly , I remember you that this is a Scala on Stripes / Spring tutorial and I need too use this class in the JSP so I need the get / set pair line 23 Function override :
When you need override a function , you must add the keyword override this must will protect you from accidentally override a function without know .
When you need override a function , you must add the keyword override this must will protect you from accidentally override a function without know .
line 23 String concat : Same as Java , but with a great difference … in fact this is not a string concat … this is only a function invocation .
" Hello " + " World " is the same as " Hello " .+( " World " ) .
So in Scala do you have operator overloading ; and this is how the concat happens .
Then you can call any one - parameter function without the dot and the parenthesis .
if the function have many parameters you can call without the dot , but with parenthesis
Task.scala
package com.simpletasks.domain
import java.util .
Date
class Task {
private var id : Int = 0
private var title : String = _
private var detail : String = _
private var finished : Boolean = false
private var createDate : Date = _
private var endDate : Date = _
def getCreateDate : Date = createDate
def setCreateDate( createDate : Date ) = this .createDate = createDate
def getDetail : String = detail
def setDetail ( detail : String ) = this .
detail = detail
def getEndDate : Date = endDate
def setEndDate( endDate : Date ) = this .endDate = endDate
def getId : Int = id
def setId ( id : Int ) = this .id = id
def getTitle : String = title
def setTitle ( title : String ) = this .
title = title
def is Finished : Boolean = finished ;
def set Finished ( finished : Boolean ) = this .
finished = finished
override def toString : String = " Task{ " +
" createDate= " + createDate +
" , id= " + id +
" , title= ' " + title + '\ '' +
" , detail= ' " + detail + '\ '' +
" , finished = " + finished +
" , end Date= " + endDate +
'} ' ;
}
Java Version
line 01 Imports Similar in to Java , but a little more powerful .
If you need to import two class of the same package you only need a line import java.util .
{Date , List}
But if you need all the classes on a package , our old friend placeholder will help us import java.util ._ .
More on this topic in the next chapters .
UserNotFoundException.scala
package com.simpletasks.domain.exceptions
class UserNotFoundException extends Exception
Java Version
line 01 extends :
The extends keyword is similar to Java , but have little differences , but in this tutorial we do n’t touch this concept very deeply .
: The keyword is similar to Java , but have little differences , but in this tutorial we do n’t touch this concept very deeply .
line 01 Look ma ’ no braces :
You do n’t need to add braces if your class do n’t have a body
Is ok for now , maybe this chapter is n’t so exciting , but I promise you that the next chapters will be bring some OOOHHH , and many WOWWWW .
In the next chapter we ’ll use some Spring JDBC and take a closer look to the Scala Syntax .
The most recent version of Fedora , Red Hat 's cutting - edge Linux distribution , provides users of Red Hat 's more staid and stable Red Hat Enterprise Linux an early look at what 's to come in their operating system of choice .
In addition to serving as sort of a Linux technology preview , Fedora 11 can itself serve in a full gamut of Linux roles -- as long as Fedora - embracing users are prepared for the upgrade and bug mitigation that can accompany the use of such a fast - paced distribution .
Organizations in search of a freely available Linux server for production roles would do best to steer toward CentOS , which tracks RHEL and benefits from the bug- squashing efforts of the Fedora vanguard .
Labs Gallery : Fedora 11 Shows Significant Virtualization Gains .
Check It Out .
In my tests of Fedora 11 , the biggest improvements were in the area of virtualization , with the Red Hat - led toolset around creating , accessing and managing virtual machines across multiple hosts continuing to mature .
As a virtualization server , Fedora still lags behind proprietary options such as those from VMware in functionality and polish .
However , the fast clip at which Fedora 's tools are progressing bodes well for the next major RHEL version .
Fedora 11 can also serve well in desktop roles , as it includes the latest and greatest of desktop - oriented open - source software , including Version 2.26.1 of the GNOME desktop environment , Version 3.1 of the OpenOffice.org productivity suite and Version 3.5 Beta 4 of the Firefox Web browser .
Again , though , Fedora 11 will fit best on the desktops of users who are prepared to give it a bit more love and attention than might be required with other Linux options .
In particular , I found that the catalog of ready - to - install applications available for Fedora 11 does n't match what 's available to Ubuntu or OpenSUSE users .
The distribution is likely best suited for development - savvy desktop users who can take advantage of the various up - to - date integrated development environments and complementary tools that ship with the system .
Fedora 11 comes with NetBeans 6.5 and Eclipse 3.4.2 ( both of which depend on Sun's open - sourced Java OpenJDK project ) , as well as Version 2.0 of the MonoDevelop C# IDE and Version 4.3.3 of the Eric Python IDE .
Fedora 11 is available for free download from http://fedoraproject.org/get-fedora, with separate versions that support the x86 , x86-64 and PowerPC platforms .
I tested the x86 version of Fedora 11 on a Lenovo ThinkPad T60 and on virtual machines running under Fedora 11 's implementation of the Linux KVM ( Kernel Virtual Machine ) facility .
The x86 and x86 - 64 versions are available as DVD or CD images that comprise the entire distributions , as well as in Live CD images that may be used to try out Fedora without modifying your hard drive .
Fedora 's default desktop environment is GNOME , but there are " respin " versions of Fedora based on the KDE desktop , among other custom versions centered on hardware design , scientific computing , games and other software themes .
Fedora 11 also includes a feature called Presto , which enables the system to consume software updates by fetching delta packages containing only changed bits .
Novell 's SUSE Linux distributions have offered this feature , which can speed update operations significantly , for some time now , and I was pleased to see Fedora adopt it .
Last month we reported that the German owners of Mobile Broadband operator T - Mobile UK , Deutsche Telekom , had come under pressing from two main shareholders to sell the operator ( here ) .
Today reports are starting to come in that the world 's largest mobile phone firm by revenue - Vodafone , is considering a bid .
The Financial Times reports that T - Mobile has an estimated enterprise value of somewhere between £ 2.55 bn ( €3bn ) and £ 3.40 bn ( €4bn ) , though such a significant acquisition would raise an eyebrow or two among competition authorities .
It 's easy to see why when you look at the market shares involved :
A combined Vodafone and T - Mobile UK operation would thus control 40 % of the market , which is a lot of power for one operator to have ; though it has already happened in France , Italy and Spain .
There are also other considerations , such as the extensive network sharing agreement between T - Mobile UK and Three ( 3 ) .
Indeed some had long thought that a merger between Three ( 3 ) and T - Mobile looked more plausible due to their current arrangements , although so far we 've seen next to no movement on that angle .
It 's worth pointing out that Vodafone recently combined with Hutchinson in Australia ; Hutchinson also owns Three ( 3 ) in the UK .
surprise , surprise !
everything is just a theory
How people use the word " theory " when it comes to science shows how badly we teach them about the scientific method .
Want to make a scientist groan ?
Listen to a lecture about cutting edge research in his or her area of expertise , then say the five dreaded words : “ it ’s all just a theory . ”
From creationists to people who seem to believe that if it has n’t been done yet , it must be impossible , habitual abusers of this phrase wield it to dismiss and demean vast swaths of modern science with a haughty sneer .
In the process , they keep showing just how little grasp of the scientific method they have and impress only those who do n’t know that even such basic tenets as how germs make us sick or the flow of time , are all “ just theories . ”
In science , a theory is something that seems to be confirmed time and time again , no matter how many times we test it or how many people try to replicate it .
When you first sat down in science class and were shown a diagram of the scientific method , you saw a very simplified version of what really goes on when a new discovery is made or a new hypothesis takes form .
And since we rarely get another diagram until we ’re in a more advanced college class , many people think that if a theory is shown to be true time and time again , it has to graduate into a law , so if it did n’t , it must ’ve been an educated hunch and nothing more .
In reality , laws usually describe events or rules by which the natural world seems to work while theories try to explain and interpret large bodies of knowledge affecting several distinct disciplines .
Evolution could never be a law because it describes processes that affect zoology , genetics and bio-chemistry as well as their numerous subsets .
It does n’t make the concept false .
It ’s just too complex to be properly expressed in an if - then format .
Pretty much everything we know about nature is a theory and yet , those theories usually do n’t let us down .
We do n’t randomly go off floating into space even though gravity is just a theory .
We never fail to age and time has never stopped for no discernable reason , even though the passage of time is also just a theoretical concept .
When you come home and turn on your lights , the only reasons why your electrical devices wo n’t work is your forgetfulness when it comes to paying bills , a defective device or a power outage .
And yes , electromagnetism is also just a theory .
Finally , when you ’re exposed to sick people , would you really be surprised that you ’d also get sick because their germs hitched some sort of ride into your body ?
No ?
Well , if you think that theories are just random guesses of people in while lab coats , you should be .
The idea behind how infectious disease is spread is known as germ theory .
Remember that next time you want to use those five dismissive words .
By Laura Schocker
Over the past year , the four largest UK grocers have been swapping their 99 - pence price tags for round - pound sales .
In bad economic times , consumers may just be willing to fork out an extra penny at the till .
But why ?
This pound is round , but should the price tag be ?
Everyone is familiar with the ubiquitous 99 - pence price tag .
Just last year , a report highlighted the sales tactic as a successful way to draw in customers .
But in the past few months , shoppers may have noticed some rounder prices at the store .
The " big four " of supermarkets , Asda , Tesco , Morrisons and Sainsbury 's , have increased the number of £ 1 promotional price tags 150 % over the past year .
This compared with a 6 % increase in their general promotions , according to a report compiled on behalf of industry magazine the Grocer .
Tesco has designated a " pound shop " area in its stores and Asda features 7,000 £ 1 lines .
So what 's the reasoning behind the shift ?
CONVENIENCE
The interest in £ 1 deals is a simple matter of convenience , says Dr David Lewis , director of research at Mindlab International .
While customers may be concerned about pinching pennies , sometimes they 're simply not willing to wait for one .
" Who wants to collect a pocketful of pennies ? " Dr Lewis says .
" It 's a nuisance . "
Once it was a 99 p promotion , but times are changing Waiting for a penny change at the till may even be less cost - effective than simply handing over a pound .
" You probably earn more money in the time it takes for your penny to be given to you , " Dr Lewis says , calculating that someone would have to make less than £ 1.20 an hour to make it worth waiting even 30 seconds for a penny .
The nuisance factor extends to the store as well .
Opening and reopening the till to hand over a single penny ultimately may end up costing stores more than a pretty penny in wasted time .
" It 's just faster to hand over a pound coin without having to wait for someone to hand over a penny , " says Dr Lewis , explaining that this would free up sales - people .
MIND TRICKS
Using the 99 - pence price tag originally developed as a sales tool to make items appear cheaper , Dr Lewis says .
According to this reasoning , consumers will make purchasing decisions based only on the first number of the price .
" If you see something which is £ 3.99 , " he says , " you look at the first digit and your brain tells you that three is less than four . "
But over time , customers have become wary of marketing tricks and sometimes even believe that a round pound price reflects more straightforward business practices - an important perception when competing for spending in recessionary times .
Supermarket chain Iceland 's founder , Malcolm Walker , told the Grocer that the chain has found success with its fixed prices .
" We decided the pound was honest and more simple , " he said .
While 99 pence may technically be a bit less money than a single pound , consumers do n't necessarily think that way , Dr Lewis says .
Whether or not it's a fair comparison , consumers see that 99 is a bigger number than a round one .
" We never talk about 100 pence , we say it costs a pound , " he says .
" It may just look slightly cheaper to spend one unit compared to 99 units . "
VALUE
It seems the round pound has turned into another price - war weapon for stores weathering the recession .
The appeal of these prices may come from customers perceiving that they have been rounded down from a larger , fractional cost .
And , according to Dr Lewis , many consumers do n't think too much about handing over that single coin in the store .
" People do n't really think a pound is worth anything at all , " he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Biodegradable plastic bags – as handed out by Tesco , the Co-op and once even sold by the Soil Association – must be good , surely ?
They have a magic ingredient that means they self - destruct after a few months , breaking up into tiny pieces made of simple molecules that bugs and fungi can happily munch up .
Dozens of major corporations use them , including Pizza Hut , KFC , News international , Walmart and Marriott hotels .
But last week , the European Plastics Recyclers Association warned that they " have the potential to do more harm to the environment than good . "
Technically what we are talking about here is " oxo - degradable " plastics .
These are plastics made to degrade in the presence of oxygen and sunlight , thanks to the addition of tiny amounts of metals like cobalt , iron or manganese .
British manufacturers – headed by Symphony Technologies of Borehamwood – are at the sharp end of a revolution that could banish bag - strewn beauty spots and back alleys alike .
But the criticisms are twofold .
First , some research suggests that the bags do n't degrade as well as claimed .
And second , priming plastic bags for destruction is itself an ecological crime .
So , do they really biodegrade away to nothing ?
Symphony , which supplies the Co-op and Tesco , says its bags are " able to degrade completely within about three years , compared to standard bags which take 100 years or longer " .
Tesco reckons they all decompose within 18 months " without leaving anything that could harm the environment " .
But whether it actually happens seems to depend a lot on where the " biodegradable " plastic ends up .
If it gets buried in a landfill it probably wo n't degrade at all because there is no light or oxygen .
But what about elsewhere ?
Studies of one brand in the US , commissioned by the Biodegradable Products Institute , found that breakdown is very dependent on temperature and humidity .
It goes slow in cold weather .
And high humidity virtually stops the process , making long , wet winters sound like bad news .
You might think a compost heap full of biodegrading bugs would be ideal .
But a recent Swedish study found that polyethylene containing manganese additive stops breaking down when put in compost , probably due to the influence of ammonia or other gases generated by microorganisms in the compost .
And , while most manufacturers say that to put only tiny amounts of metals into the plastic , the US study found that one brand contained " very high levels of lead and cobalt " , raising questions about the toxicity of the leftovers .
Neither of these studies relates specifically to Symphony 's products .
But they raise questions .
The European Plastics Recyclers Association last week argued that biodegradable bags are not the right environmental option anyway .
Plastic bags take a lot of energy and oil to make so why waste them by creating bags that self - destruct ?
" It is an economic and environmental nonsense to destroy this value , " the recyclers ' trade association concluded .
Of course , we consumers can reuse or recycle biodegradable bags as easily as any other kind .
Symphony and other manufacturers stress making bags biodegradable is just an insurance policy for those that do n't get recycled or reused .
But surely we are less likely to bother if we are told the bags are eco-bags that biodegrade .
This European backlash against oxo - biodegradable plastics follows similar rumblings in the US .
In March , the New York Times announced it would not be wrapping its paper in bags made of the stuff because claims that the plastic was " 100 % biodegradable " did not stand up .
This followed a ruling last December by an advertising industry watchdog , part of the US Council of Better Business Bureaus , that makers should stop calling the bags " eco-friendly " .
( In marked contrast , the UK Periodical Publishers Association two years ago recommended that all its members use oxo - biodegradable film to wrap their magazines )
Industry websites , including Symphony's , do proudly proclaim one green endorsement – that the organic trade body the Soil Association buys their bags .
But Clio Turton at the Soil Association told me : " We 've had problems with people making these claims .
We have asked for them to be removed .
It 's very frustrating . "
Plastic bags are not the biggest environmental issue on the planet , as George Monbiot explained in a blog here recently .
But most of us probably make " bag choices " several times a day .
Brits get through 8 bn plastic bags a year .
For that reason , they are one of the choices that tend to show if we care about the environment or not .
And we should be clear .
Re-using bags is best .
Recycling is second best .
Throwing them away in the hope that a magic formula will guarantee their rapid disappearance is laziness , not environmental care .
And anybody who tries to persuade us otherwise is guilty of Greenwash .
• This article was amended on Friday 19 June 2009 .
We should have made clear that the Soil Association no longer sells the biodegradable plastic bags referred to in this article .
This has been corrected .
• Do you know of any green claims that deserve closer examination ?
Email your examples to greenwash@theguardian.com or add your comments below
Online game maker NCsoft may have its own internal digital storefront with PlayNC , but it has now turned to Valve and its 20 million users strong Steam service to help deliver its current line of MMOs to gamers .
NCsoft , with U.S. headquarters located in Seattle , said today thatandare heading to the Steam digital distribution platform .
Over the coming weeks , Steam will have special offers on NCsoft products , the publisher said .
As of press time , the games had not appeared on the storefront .
NCsoft 's products are also available on other third - party distribution services such as Direct2 Drive .
The publisher said that it plans on releasing the upcoming MMOon Steam when the game launches this fall in North America and Europe .
NCsoft
West president of publishing David Reid said in a statement , " Extending our distribution reach with Steam will allow more gamers the freedom and flexibility to stay updated and engaged with our games and online communities .
" Included in NCsoft 's Steam deal is 's recently - released user - generated Mission Architect .
The system led to the creation of over 20,000 mission arcs , just one week after its launch earlier this month .
A Rusty Old Codger Gets a ShinyNewGun
by Greg Perry by Greg Perry
It is never too late to stop and smell the roses .
It is never too late to learn to play the piano .
It is never too late to read great , classic books .
And it is never too late to blow the brains out of an attacker .
With Age Comes Wisdom
About six years ago , I met a gentleman who has since become one of my very best and true friends .
He taught me a lot but one would expect that ; he has the wisdom of more than 70 years .
He is a no-nonsense gentleman .
He does not suffer fools lightly .
He quotes Atlas Shrugged .
He cares more about freedom and classic liberal ideals than he cares about either political party .
He is open to new ideas and even changing his mind as long as he sees the reasoning and logic behind the arguments presented .
In other words , he constantly hones his thoughts , abilities , concerns , and skills .
He is open to expanding his already - vast knowledge base .
He is a man all of us should aspire to emulate .
After an already full lifetime of 71 years , three months ago he decided to get his concealed carry permit .
This intrigued me because he is a man who admires firearms , can shoot straight , but is not one who typically enters any government building that he does not have to enter .
The application , background check , and fingerprint requirements go against all he believes .
Given how well he influenced my life , I wanted to ask him a few questions related to his new concealed carry permit and the new handgun he now has with him .
All of us can benefit from what a 71 - one year - old gentleman has to say .
The following is a transcript of a brief interview we did over the weekend .
As I re-read his responses , I realize how straightforward and clear they are .
So often we obfuscate debates with $ 10 - words and legalese .
His words are clear enough for a 6 - year - old homeschooler to understand ( or a 16 - year - old public school student . )
His words speak for themselves but you know me , I could not help but annotate with some extra thoughts along the way .
Happily , A 71 - Year Old Newly Licensed Gun Owner Speaks Out
Q : Are you pleased that you got your Concealed Carry license ?
A : Pleased is not the exact word that describes my feelings .
I am ecstatic !
I waited much to long to do this .
Q : Having not had a concealed carry permit for 70 + years , why did you finally decide to go for it ?
A : I debated myself several years about getting the permit .
Many people I know got them as soon as the law began allowing them .
I had convinced myself that I did not want to be in any more databases than was absolutely necessary .
I did not want the Guvment to know I had any guns .
Then a good friend of mine convinced me that having the permit was far too important for my personal and family safety to let my fear of the Guvment keep me from it .
[ I wish you could hear him say Guvment !
His state is Oklahoma , a gun-friendly state that still allows its citizens to protect themselves and their families .
Getting caught with a gun without a permit , however , is a sure way to lose your gun and perhaps your freedom from incarceration .
This gentleman obviously loves his family more than he fears the government so he decided he does not care if his name is on their books .
- GP ]
Q : Do you plan to carry a gun most places now ?
A : I went to the sheriff ’s office to pick up my permit last week .
Since then I have armed myself whenever I leave the house about 80 % of the time .
I love it .
I hope I never have to use it but if I do I will .
[ It is far better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it .
- GP ]
Q : What gun do you now carry ?
A : One of the first things I did after submitting all the Guvment paper work for my concealed carry permit was purchase a new handgun specifically designed for concealed carry .
It is a Smith and Wesson , Model # 442 , a hammerless .38 special .
When I carry this gun it is loaded with what I call splatter bullets , otherwise known as hollow point .
Q : What do you think our Founding Fathers would say if they knew you carried a gun ?
A : I think they would be absolutely dumbfounded that I did not carry a gun for 70 + years .
A gun is an expression of your freedom , a freedom that derives from our Creator .
[ Colonel Jeff Cooper said a man can never truly be free unless he is armed .
-GP ]
Q : What do you think our Founding Fathers would say if they knew you needed a fee - based permission from the government to carry a gun ?
A : Again , I think they would be dumbfounded .
As they said in the Declaration of Independence , “ … All men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . ”
They continued by saying , “ … That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed . ”
In my opinion no rational body of the governed would consent to diminish their freedom by giving government the power to make it any more difficult to own and carry a gun than just to strap it on and go about your business .
Q : What does your wife think about it ?
A : My wife now has her concealed carry permit and carries most of the time .
[ Obviously , he has a fantastic wife . - GP ]
Q : What do the nation ’s current leaders think about you getting a license to carry a gun ?
A : I am 100 % convinced that our current leaders think it is horrendous that anyone would want to own , let alone carry , a gun .
Q : Do you think America is safer the more people who carry weapons ?
A : Several years ago I purchased a book by John Lott entitled More Guns , Less Crime .
No rational person can read this book and come to any conclusion other than this one : owning and carrying guns decreases crime .
The why is self - evident .
If a criminal intent on creating mayhem of any kind fears that he is not the only one with a gun he will be less likely to create that chaos .
Simple stuff really .
[ Simple stuff , yes , which is why government employees at all levels cannot understand it .
- GP ]
Q : Some restaurants , stores , and “ family ” places such as Silver Dollar City have strict No Guns Allowed policies .
How much safer do you feel when you do business with them ?
A : I do not feel safer when I do business with them .
In fact I decided that given a choice I will not do business with anyone that posts their entrance with a no guns allowed sign .
[ If one must do business with an establishment that does not believe you have the authority to defend your own family , let the owner know in a letter that you will hold them and their insurance companies responsible for any crimes committed against you and yours while there .
Send a copy to their insurance agent .
This can have a great effect at changing such a deadly policy .
~ GP ]
Q : Is the right to defend yourself given to you by man or do you see it as inalienable ?
A : As our Founding fathers clearly said , freedom is derived from our Creator and is inalienable .
I will go even further with this .
In my opinion it is irresponsible for any person to fail to do all they can to protect themselves and their family .
Such is our duty .
Q : President Clinton ’s Surgeon General Jocelyn Elders once said America needs “ safer bullets . ”
Do any of your guns use those safe bullets in them ?
A : Jocelyn Elders was not the brightest bulb in the room .
[ I believe he is giving her far too much credit .
-GP ]
I have no idea what a safer bullet is .
Q : If you ever must shoot somebody who attacks you or your wife , what do you think you will feel ?
Greg Perry Archives
The Best of Greg Perry
Stephen Hawking is a world renowned theoretical physicist and scientist .
He is known for his contributions to the fields of cosmology and quantum gravity , especially in the context of black holes .
His book “ A Brief History of Time ” proved to be a huge success .
This video , the first from a series of five , provides information about the life of Mr. Hawking and his work regarding black holes .
According to Mr. Hawking , a black hole emerges from the death of a star .
As a massive star dies it collapses in on itself , gravity becomes infinitely powerful in the collapsed structure and everything including light gets sucked in .
The core of a black hole is infinitesimally small and extremely dense ; this causes time and space to be transformed in the core .
Recently doubts have been expressed by various scientists about Stephen ’s scientific reputation .
Part 2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8V6P1M6_0w
Part 3 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziGFbNxFPlM
Part 4 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoV1ZH_sYQw
Part 5 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KpZNGnJYGc
Meatpaper four
Migration , on Ice
How globalization kills chickens for their parts
story and photo by Malia Wollan
JUNE , 2008 IN A COLOSSAL COLD STORAGE WAREHOUSE in Ghana ’s port city of Tema , a boyish - faced 27 - year - old named Bilal Saffieddine had something to show me .
He pointed into the dark .
“ All that is poultry leg quarters , ” he said .
Outside , the temperature blistered .
Inside , thin men dressed in wool scarves and heavy coats climbed over house - sized stacks of boxed dark chicken meat .
Their breath formed white puffs of condensed air .
Saffieddine is a manager and financial controller for Silver Platter Ltd. , the largest importer of U.S. poultry products into Ghana .
“ Ghana is a leg quarter country , not a whole chicken country , ” he told me .
Like the mass of frozen chicken he imports , Saffieddine is the product of the globalized market .
Born in Lebanon , he left for South Africa to import canned goods after graduating from university .
But he found it too dangerous .
His first day on the job , one of his truck drivers was shot in the head by thugs .
He moved to Ghana , where he drives his Mercedes SUV without fear of highwaymen and where the market for imported meat is booming .
When Saffieddine considers the continent , everything is big and bright — the profits , the ships , the quantities .
“ Look at how much Tyson takes to Russia ! ” he said .
“ In Africa the numbers are still small but they ’ll go up .
Guaranteed ! ” Indeed , more than 35.5 million pounds of frozen chicken arrived in Ghana ’s ports in 2007 , nearly 70 times what Ghana imported in 1999 .
A woman eating a salad at a Wendy ’s in Maine could be ingesting the breast of the same chicken whose gizzard flavors a chicken stew in Togo and whose thigh is served with borscht in Moscow and whose excess fat will soon go to a ConocoPhillips refinery in Texas to make synthetic diesel fuel .
Silver Platter Ltd. , Saffieddine ’s employer , is a subsidiary of import giant the Tajideen Group , a maze of limited - liability corporations based in Beirut and operating throughout Africa .
In Ghana , Tajideen employs over 1,000 people and has an exclusive import partnership with Tyson Foods .
Once a month , a cargo ship arrives in Tema ’s port from New Orleans carrying up to 4.4 million pounds of frozen chicken .
In normal weather conditions the trip takes between 12 and 15 days .
At port , it takes Saffieddine ’s swarm of employees between five and seven days just to unload the boxes of leg quarters from the ship .
In the global poultry market , a nation is a dark meat country or a light meat country , a leg quarter country or a whole chicken country .
A country ’s place on the meat color spectrum is determined in large part by economic preferences , but taste matters , too .
Most Ghanaians
I spoke with said they liked the flavor and texture of dark meat better than white meat .
Africa has seen a surge in poultry imports over the last several years since the U.S. poultry industry took notice of the continent .
“ There are a lot of hungry mouths to feed in Africa , ” Toby Moore , of the industry trade group Poultry & Egg Export Council , told me .
“ And we ’ve got a lot of low - cost protein to ship . ”
Globalization and the rising demand for animal protein have turned the chicken into the world ’s most mobile and abundant migratory bird .
This modern migration is n’t one of whole birds , but rather of dismembered parts — wings in one direction , breasts in another .
* * *
The hue of a chicken ’s meat depends on the type of movement the muscle makes during the bird ’s lifetime .
Repeated , constant muscle motion requires more oxygen , which is stored in a dark - colored protein called myoglobin .
Since chickens live much of their lives standing , their leg muscles are full of myoglobin and thick with veins .
A confined bird is flightless , resulting in breast and wing meat lighter in color , more uniform in texture , and lower in fat and calories .
It ’s easier to eat white meat and forget that what ’s being masticated was once an animal .
Americans and western Europeans , on the whole , tend to favor white meat .
So what happens to all those leftover chicken legs , wings , hearts , livers , feet , and gizzards ?
They go to places like Cuba , Iraq , Maldova , and Ghana .
In 2007 , the United States exported $ 2.7 billion in mostly dark meat poultry to countries across the globe .
Huge international corporations like Tyson Foods have created a global food chain wherein nearly every part of a slaughtered chicken finds a market , often many thousands of miles from where it originally hatched from its egg .
In 2007 , for example , the majority of chicken feet were shipped to China , while offal — known in layperson ’s parlance as guts — went to China , Mexico , and Jamaica .
Russia got the lion ’s share of leg quarters , followed by Lithuania , Ukraine , and Angola .
In this globalized market , a woman eating a salad at a Wendy ’s in Maine could be ingesting the breast of the same chicken whose gizzard flavors a chicken stew in Togo and whose thigh is served with borscht in Moscow and whose excess fat will soon go to a ConocoPhillips refinery in Texas to make synthetic diesel fuel .
* * * In Ghana , it is cheaper to buy frozen Tyson chicken parts shipped across the Atlantic Ocean in temperature - controlled cargo containers than it is to buy a freshly slaughtered chicken from the neighbor down the street .
I located Ghana ’s meat shops by their awnings , decorated with hand - drawn pictures of bright pink chicken parts .
Inside these shops , Tyson leg quarters , per pound , sell for approximately one - sixth the price of Ghana - grown chicken .
“ With Tyson we do n’t have to advertise , ” importer Saffieddine told me cheerily .
“ The price promotes the product . ”
But that low - cost , foreign chicken makes many African poultry producers angry .
Even in a “ leg quarter country , ” chickens hatch from eggs as whole birds and must be raised and slaughtered as such .
* * * William Awuku Ahiadormey is 42 , with a broad face and a rare but bright smile .
He is the farm manager at Sydals Limited , one of the largest poultry producers in Ghana .
The farm sits on a stretch of red ground surrounded by scraggly shrubs in a tiny town called Adjie Kojo , outside Tema .
Armed men patrol the dusty road to protect the cows , sheep , and more than 100,000 chickens from thieves .
“ In America , poultry farmers get corn and soybeans for below the cost of production .
Here , humans are competing with chickens for corn .
How can Ghana possibly compete ? ”
“ Trade policy here kicks Ghanaian people out of the market , ” Ahiadormey told me in his tiny office , decorated with posters featuring chicken breeds , chicken feed , and chicken eggs .
“ Everybody in Ghana who should be benefiting from the poultry industry is going out of business . ”
Ahiadormey has a master ’s degree in agricultural economics from the University of Ghana .
His thesis attempted to decipher how Ghanaian poultry producers might become competitive with foreign imports .
Given his line of work , the topic seemed as much a plea as an academic inquiry .
Ahiadormey showed me reams of data and endless PowerPoint slides chronicling everything from high interest rates on business loans to exorbitant feed costs .
“ In America , poultry farmers get corn and soybeans for below the cost of production , ” he told me .
“ Here , humans are competing with chickens for corn .
How can Ghana possibly compete ? ”
Economic trade theory suggests that when it comes to poultry , Ghanaians probably should n’t even try .
“ The way Ghana competes is to keep its domestic markets flexible , ” said Larry Karp , professor of agricultural and resource economics at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ So Ghana can move into the sectors where it is more efficient . ”
That means that if poultry farmers ca n’t be efficient enough to compete on the global free market , they should either adjust wages and cut costs or move into another economic sector — say , cacao production — where they can be competitive .
But Ahiadormey is a chicken farmer , not a cacao farmer .
Strolling though the red dust fields between the barns , Ahiadormey relaxed a little .
He swung open the gate to a huge barn brimming with young chicks , and cocked his head sideways in paternal fondness .
“ These are local chicks from a local producer , ” he said and then stood quietly , listening to the persistent peeping , seemingly oblivious to the reek of chicken manure .
* * *
As inevitable as the global trade in chicken parts seems , it is actually remarkably tenuous — particularly when factors like disease , rising grain prices , the cost of oil , war , and climate change are thrown into the mix .
Last year it took just a single event to reveal the fragility of the free market chicken trade .
In May 2007 , the deadly avian bird virus H5N1 broke out in Ghana , just as it had in 2006 in other countries in West Africa and Southeast Asia .
Chickens from infected farms were incinerated .
Saffieddine ’s frozen inventory remained in the warehouses .
Chicken sales dropped .
People everywhere were afraid to eat poultry regardless of its origin .
In response to bird flu fears , the USA Poultry & Egg Export Council launched an ongoing marketing campaign to assuage health concerns and tout the inexpensive tastiness of the U.S. poultry flooding the African market .
The first campaign sent a man in a brightly colored chicken costume to dance in the streets of Accra , giving out free prizes and chicken coupons to passersby .
The promotional push was run by one of Africa ’s largest marketing agencies , Exp ( whose tag line is “ Activating Demand ” ) .
Exp continues to pass out DVDs of the chicken gyrating in the sweltering heat , wearing its USA POULTRY apron .
Inexplicably , the video ’s soundtrack features the song “ Barbie Girl ” by Scandinavian pop group Aqua , whose less - than - appetizing lyrics include , “ I ’m a Barbie girl , in the Barbie world !
Life in plastic , it ’s fantastic ! ” Inside Exp ’s austere office in Accra ’s suburbs , the air conditioning blew at temperatures almost as cold as Saffieddine ’s freezer warehouse .
I asked Abdul - Aziz Amankwa , Exp ’s young and impeccably dressed director , how the dancing - chicken costume went over with Ghanaians .
He laughed , and said the company has moved on to more targeted campaigns .
The new USA poultry marketing campaign , Amankwa explained , focuses on women and mothers , tapping into Ghana ’s highly organized women ’s groups , which have long established themselves around churches , businesses , and community centers .
“ The woman plays a critical role in the consumption of chicken , ” he explained .
“ Mothers get their communities and families to eat USA chicken .
They become the advocates . ”
Exp staff organized cook - offs and recipe competitions where women win boxes of frozen USA chicken as prizes .
In a country where more than 30 percent of the population lives in poverty , cheap protein is both a blessing and a curse .
On the one hand , it provides affordable nutrition .
On the other , it eliminates livelihoods .
Ghanaians I spoke with disagree about how much foreign chicken should be allowed into their country .
But they tend to agree that frozen dark meat chicken does n’t taste as good as fresh .
Many refer to it as “ mortuary chicken ” for the malodorous smell common during defrosting .
In Ghana , power outages are a daily ritual , and it is difficult to keep products from partially defrosting during transport or blackouts .
One effective method for masking the smell is to fry the chicken , a culinary trick used by the multitude of street food vendors .
On my last day in Ghana I ’d skipped dinner .
I was hungry .
Leaving the fan whirring in my hotel room , I walked out into the night , careful to avoid the raw sewage running in a ditch along the curbside .
I found 25 - year - old Nicholas Brenyah standing under a bare lightbulb frying chicken .
He told me he was the “ boss ” of Christ Castle Fast Food , a plywood and corrugated metal shack on the side of a busy road .
Though it was midnight , a line of taxi drivers and graveyard shifters waited impatiently for their food .
Brenyah ’s type of business is known in Ghana as check check — a nocturnal , makeshift stand selling fried chicken and rice .
I placed my order and watched the oil spit and pop in the wok .
I asked Brenyah what cut of chicken he cooked , and he smiled , “ Leg quarter ! ”
And from what company ?
“ Tyson ! ” Why ?
“ It ’s cheap ! ”
He bundled my chicken and rice in newsprint and tied it with twine .
I carried the little poultry packet toward the next check check stand and asked the question again .
The answer was the same , “ Tyson ! ” “ Tyson ! ” “ Tyson ! ”
All the way down the road .
Malia Wollan is a writer , radio producer , and dark meat eater based in Berkeley , California .
This article originally appeared in Meatpaper Issue Four .
ASTER Imagery
NASA and Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade and industry ( METI ) released the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) Global Digital Elevation Model ( GDEM ) to the worldwide public on June 29 , 2009 .
The GDEM was created by processing and stereo - correlating the 1.3 million - scene ASTER archive of optical images , covering Earth 's land surface between 83 degrees North and 83 degrees South latitudes .
The GDEM is produced with 30 - meter ( 98 - feet ) postings , and is formatted as 23,000 one - by - one- degree tiles .
The GDEM is available for download from NASA 's EOS data archive and Japan 's Ground Data System .
In this colorized version , low elevations are purple , medium elevations are greens and yellows , and high elevations are orange , red and white .
The Los Angeles Basin is bordered on the north by the San Gabriel Mountains .
Other smaller basins are separated by smaller mountain ranges , like the Verdugo Hills , and the Santa Monica Mountains .
In this perspective view looking to the northwest , Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) simulated natural color image data were draped over digital topography from the ASTER Global Digital Elevation Model ( GDEM ) data set .
Dodger Stadium is visible in the lower right , and NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory is the light - colored area at the foot of the mountains in the upper right of the image .
The ASTER data were acquired August 15 , 2006 , and are located near 34.1 degrees north latitude , 118.2 degrees west longitude .
Death Valley , Calif. , has the lowest point in North America , Badwater at 85.5 meters ( 282 feet ) below sea level .
It is also the driest and hottest location in North America .
Located in eastern California and western Nevada , Death Valley forms part of Death Valley National Park .
The region is characterized by deep valleys and high mountain ranges , located in the large Basin and Range province of the western United States .
This view looking towards the northwest was created by draping an Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) simulated natural color image over digital topography from the ASTER Global Digital Elevation Model ( GDEM ) data set .
Furnace Creek ranch in the right foreground is the only place on the valley floor where vegetation grows year - round due to water channeled through Furnace Creek .
The ASTER scene was acquired September 24 , 2003 , and is located near 36.4 degrees north latitude , 116.9 degrees west longitude .
In the Bhutan Himalayas , Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer data have revealed significant spatial variability in glacier flow , such that the glacier velocities in the end zones on the south side exhibit significantly lower velocities ( 9 to 18 meters , or 30 to 60 feet per year ) , versus much higher flow velocities on the north side ( 18 to 183 meters , or 60 to 600 feet per year ) .
The higher velocity for the northern glaciers suggests that the southern glaciers have substantially stagnated ice .
This view looking towards the northwest was created by draping an ASTER simulated natural color image over digital topography from the ASTER Global Digital Elevation Model ( GDEM ) data set .
The ASTER scene was acquired November 20 , 2001 , and is centered near 28.3 degrees north latitude , 90.1 degrees east longitude .
Well , we 've seen plenty of recent evidence that Sheriff Joe Arpaio , the nativist law - enforcement chief of Maricopa County , Arizona , attracts genuine extremists in support of his cause .
This recently released YouTube by Humanleague makes the case even more starkly .
Its centerpiece is the opening comments by an avid supporter of the Minutemen and Sheriff Arpaio named Brandi Baron , who opines thus :
Baron : I say , give orders to shoot to kill , and kill any man , woman or child who comes across the border illegally .
I 'll bet you , you kill enough of them , right off the bat , people will stop coming over that way .
[ Questioner ]
That 's what I just said .
Personally , I think a minefield would be good .
Why build a fence when you can plant some mines ?
Q : You just said that you would kill kids .
Baron :
If they 're being drug across the border , hell yes .
The difference between those people and us -- Our country is No. 1 . Theirs ?
Pffft !
This sort of inhuman callousness and disregard for human life is part and parcel of why nativist movements like the Minutemen -- and the mainstream embrace of such factions by public figures like Arpaio -- inevitably spawn violent offspring like Shawna Forde and her gang of killer Minutemen , who gunned down a family in cold blood because they mistakenly believed the father was a big - time drug dealer with cash on the premises .
There 's a powerful continuum between gangs like Forde 's and " mainstream " nativists like Arpaio and his supporters .
As Jill Garvey at Imagine 2050 observes :
This is exactly why Shawna Forde felt justified in breaking into a Latino family ’s home and murdering a little girl and her father .
While some of the individuals featured on this video may be unstable or exhibit strange behavior , they are not crazy .
These are functioning adults who are perfectly capable of behaving in a reasonable manner .
They choose not to .
They choose hate over tolerance .
They choose to advocate violence over rational dialogue .
Violence against immigrants occurs because bigots in positions of power ( Sheriff Joe ) set the stage and provide an atmosphere that make it acceptable .
Incidentally , sentiments such as these are nothing new to the Minutemen .
In the video below -- featuring Minuteman leader Chris Simcox -- you can watch one of his Minuteman cohorts opine similarly :
No , we ought to be able to shoot the Mexicans on sight , and that would end the problem .
After two or three Mexicans are shot , they 'll stop crossing the border and they 'll take their cows home , too .
This is what I 'm talking about when I talk about eliminationism .
Can Dudley Do-Right rescue bank customers from
the new relationship the banksters have established ?
" If you were borrowing from Tony Soprano , and he says , ' you can pay me back on Friday , ' he would n't send guys to collect on Wednesday , which is exactly what they are doing .
All I am looking for is for them to live up to their end of the bargain . "
-- Chase credit - card customer Peter Meyer , commenting to a NY1 cable - news reporter about the death grip Chase has laid on him and his wife Gail ( see the link to the story and clip below )
by Ken
Money
" You just have to Google this issue and you see tons of messages on credit card forums and blogs all about this . "
Bigda says with banks experiencing a record number of defaults , lenders are trying to get back as much of their money as they can –- and quickly .
The minimum payment hike means the Meyers are essentially being forced to pay off their debt in half the time .
can
# In the banksters ' eyes , of course , they are the victims in all this .
Do we laugh or cry ?
I 'm sorry there does n't seem any way to embed the video clip of this interview by NY1 reporter Tara Lynn Wagner , but I hope you 'll click the link below to see it and read the story .
Basically , the story is this : Peter and Gail got word from Chase , with which they 've had accounts for decades , that come August the minimum payment on their three credit cards is being increased from 2 to 5 percent of the balance .
As it happens , they have some $ 25 K of debt split among the three cards , parked there at low interest rates for the duration of the loans .
All told , the increase will require them to somehow find an " extra " $ 800 a month .
There is no " extra " $ 800 a month .
They had already cut back all their expenses wherever they could , and , no longer relying on Peter 's business , in which they both worked , they have both taken outside jobs .
" It might as well be $ 8,000 or $ 8 million , " Peter told reporter Tara Lynn Wagner .
" I literally could n't find $ 800 .
There 's just no way .
I 'm literally doing it from check to check to check and juggling as best we can .
" One little detail the otherwise - earnest NY1 reporter left out :
They did n't get into debt living the high life .
They 've been putting their kid through college .
Justin graduated recently , and starts medical school in the fall .
This is personal for me , because I was with Peter the day Justin was born .
But the issue is n't just personal .
It 's happening all over the country , as the banksters put the squeeze to their victims -- er , NY1 reporter Wagner also interviewedmagazine writer Carolyn Bigda .
Why are the banksters doing this ?
Silly question , because they think they .
They are n't afraid of getting their money back from Peter and Gail .
( " We 're always over the minimum , " Peter says .
" We have n't missed any payments . " )
If anything , the banks are peeved that they 're locked into those low interest rates -- you know , the big promotional rates the banks were shoving down our throats .
Now , apparently , it ' sfault for taking them at their word .
One possibility :
If they force Peter and Gail into default on their cards , or offer to renegotiate the balances , they can jack the rates way up .
A couple of other local TV stations have expressed interest in Peter and Gail 's plight , and that 's just here in the NYC are .
But clearly this is n't particularly a NYC issue , and it is n't just a Chase issue , though Chase seems to have an especially large number of unhappy customers .
( Peter tells me he 's found a website for discontented Chase customers and has been in contact with a lawyer already looking into the feasibility of some sort of class - action suit . )
Presumably , this is far from the only bankster depradation being practiced with a view to putting the squeeze to customers .
Peter recognizes that there are scads of bank customers being hurt even worse than he is , but he is , he says , fighting for his life .
He plans to post the NY1 interview on YouTube as soon as gets the DVD of it , and he 's looking for all avenues to pursue .
When I spoke to him on the phone this morning , he was n't particularly charmed by the irony of finding an article on the front page of the NYT Business Section chronicling the gazillion - dollar campaign the banks are organizing to push back against the financial consumers ' protection legislation currently being crafted in Congress .
Labels : banksters , Money magazine , NY1 , Peter Meyer
Top Gear pulled a fast one on it ’s viewers tonight revealing that Michael Schumacher is the stig .
The BBC ’s flagship Sunday night programme threatened in the build up to tonight ’s show that the real Stig would finally be unveiled , and to a captivated nation , he was un-helmeted (! ) as the seven times Formula One world champion .
We all know of course , Ben Collins was the Stig .
The BBC have played a blinder in the PR on this one .
They ’ve done a week or so of hype building and when the big reveal ( a common PR trick ) occurred , the shock at the man behind the visor will be enough to get all of the Nationals writing about iot for the next week , ensuring that there is enough sustained coverage to build up momentum towards next week ’s dose of motorcar mayhem .
I ’m sure many viewers will appreciate that Schumi is not the Stig , but will enjoy the joke and it ’ll settle them into the new series quite nicely .
On Twitter , Top Gear , Stig and Schumacher were all trending topics for the majority of the time that the programme was aired , demonstrating the UK ’s presence on the micro- blogging service .
Good simple PR with a creative edge – sounds like a good strategy to me .
Did they play Barack Obama ’s speech to the Muslim world in the prison corridors of Abu Ghraib , Bagram air base , Guantanamo or the dozens of secret sites where we hold thousands of Muslims around the world ?
Did it echo off the walls of the crowded morgues filled with the mutilated bodies of the Muslim dead in Baghdad or Kabul ?
Was it broadcast from the tops of minarets in the villages and towns decimated by U.S. iron fragmentation bombs ?
Was it heard in the squalid refugee camps of Gaza , where 1.5 million Palestinians live in the world ’s largest ghetto ?
What do words of peace and cooperation mean from us when we torture — yes , we still torture — only Muslims ?
What do these words mean when we sanction Israel ’s brutal air assaults on Lebanon and Gaza , assaults that demolished thousands of homes and left hundreds dead and injured ?
How does it look for Obama to call for democracy and human rights from Egypt , where we lavishly fund and support the despotic regime of Hosni Mubarak , one of the longest - reigning dictators in the Middle East ?
We may thrill to Obama ’s rhetoric , but very few of the 1.3 billion Muslims in the world are as deluded .
They grasp that nothing so far has changed for Muslims in the Middle East under the Obama administration .
The wars of occupation go on or have been expanded .
Israel continues to flout international law , gobbling up more Palestinian land and carrying out egregious war crimes in Gaza .
Calcified , repressive regimes in countries such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia are feted in Washington as allies .
The speech at Cairo University , which usually has trucks filled with riot police outside the university gates and a heavy security presence on campus to control the student body , is an example of the facade .
Student political groups , as everyone who joined in the standing ovation for the president knew , are prohibited .
Faculty deans are chosen by the administration , rather than elected by professors , “ as a way to combat Islamist influence on campus , ” according to the U.S. State Department ’s latest human rights report .
And , as The Washington Post pointed out , students who use the Internet “ as an outlet for their political or social views are on notice : One Cairo University student blogger was jailed for two months last summer for ‘ public agitation , ’ and another was kicked out of university housing for criticizing the government . ”
The expanding imperial projects and tightening screws of repression lurch forward under Obama .
We are not trying to end terror or promote democracy .
We are ensuring that our corporate state has a steady supply of the cheap oil to which it is addicted .
And the scarcer oil becomes , the more aggressive we become .
This is the game playing out in the Muslim world .
The Bush White House openly tortured .
The Obama White House tortures and pretends not to .
Obama may have banned waterboarding , but as Luke Mitchell points out in next month ’s issue of Harper ’s magazine , torture , including isolation , sleep and sensory deprivation and force - feeding , continues to be used to break detainees .
The president has promised to close Guantanamo , where only 1 percent of the prisoners held offshore by the United States are kept .
And the Obama administration has sought to obscure the fate and condition of thousands of Muslims held in black holes around the globe .
As Mitchell notes , the Obama White House “ has sought to prevent detainees at Bagram prison in Afghanistan from gaining access to courts where they may reveal the circumstances of their imprisonment .
It has sought to continue the practice of rendering prisoners to unknown and unknowable locations outside the United States , and sought to keep secret many ( though not all ) of the records regarding our treatment of those detainees . ”
Muslim rage is stoked because we station tens of thousands of American troops on Muslim soil , occupy two Muslim nations , make possible the illegal Israeli occupation of Palestine , support repressive Arab regimes and torture thousands of Muslims in offshore penal colonies where prisoners are stripped of their rights .
We now have 22 times as many military personnel in the Muslim world as were deployed during the crusades in the 12th century .
The rage comes because we have constructed massive military bases , some the size of small cities , in Iraq , Afghanistan , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Kuwait , and established basing rights in the Gulf states of Bahrain , Qatar , Oman and the United Arab Emirates .
The rage comes because we have expanded our military empire into neighboring Uzbekistan , Pakistan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
It comes because we station troops and special forces in Egypt , Algeria and Yemen .
And this vast network of bases and military outposts looks suspiciously permanent .
The Muslim world fears , correctly , that we intend to dominate Middle East oil supplies and any Caspian Sea oil infrastructure .
And it is interested not in our protestations of good will but in the elemental right of justice and freedom from foreign occupation .
We would react , should the situation be reversed , no differently .
The brutal reality of expanding foreign occupation and harsher and harsher forms of control are the tinder of Islamic fundamentalism , insurgences and terrorism .
We can blame the violence on a clash of civilizations .
We can naively tell ourselves we are envied for our freedoms .
We can point to the Koran .
But these are fantasies that divert us from facing the central dispute between us and the Muslim world , from facing our own responsibility for the virus of chaos and violence spreading throughout the Middle East .
We can have peace when we shut down our bases , stay the hand of the Israelis to create a Palestinian state , and go home , or we can have long , costly and ultimately futile regional war .
We can not have both .
Obama , whose embrace of American imperialism is as naive and destructive as that of George W. Bush , is the newest brand used to peddle the poison of permanent war .
We may not see it .
But those who bury the dead do .
Between visits with staff , memos and , most important , the president ’s own drafts , there were plenty of fine minds to work with .
But the point of the speech , its overall direction , and how it would deal with Americans ’ energy realities remained in deep , often bitter dispute .
Eventually , we had to insist that all the principals gather around a very long table until they reached agreement .
Things did not go well , and we writers did not help .
Seated at the far end of the table , we goaded both sides , implying that the confidence stuff was too airy and the energy programs too boring .
The two camps engaged in pitched battle and then , amazingly , found agreement : the idea emerged that while America ’s afflictions were real , they could not be treated as abstract disorders .
I recall scribbling faster than it seemed possible to put legible words on a pad , but the end result was : “ On the battlefield of energy we can win for our nation a new confidence , and we can seize control again of our common destiny . ”
The speech had found its central argument .
The policy steps fell into place .
On July 15  30 years ago today  at 10 p.m. , President Carter and 100 million people finally faced each other across that familiar Oval Office desk .
What they saw and heard was unlike any moment they had experienced from their 39th president .
Speaking with rare force , with inflections flowing from meanings he felt deeply , Jimmy Carter called for the “ most massive peacetime commitment ” in our history to develop alternative fuels .
Contrary to later spin , the speech was extremely popular .
The White House was flooded with positive calls .
Viewers polled while watching found that the speech inspired them as it unfolded .
To this day , I do n’t entirely know why the speech came to be derided for a word that was in the air , but never once appeared in the text .
Still , the “ malaise ” label stuck : maybe because President Carter ’s cabinet shake - up a few days later wasted the political energy that had been focused on our energy problems ; maybe because the administration ’s opponents attached it to the speech relentlessly ; maybe because it was just too hard to compete with Ronald Reagan and his banner of limitless American consumption .
The real reason is probably that there was never any way the Jimmy Carter we all know would avoid saying : “ There is simply no way to avoid sacrifice . ”
Where the speeches of Reagan and Barack Obama evoke the beauty of dreams , President Carter insisted on the realities of responsibility and the need for radical change .
Mr. Carter ’s sense of our own accountability , his warnings about the debilitating effects of self - centered divisiveness were the speech ’s true heresies .
They are also the very elements that keep it relevant today .
Must read .
An interesting section from Facciponte :
My understanding is that Goldman Sachs realized that this was a problem based upon their review of those logs just a few days ago .
The government was not contacted until Wednesday about this matter .
I think what Ms. Shroff is confusing is Goldman ’s civil remedies , to the extent that it has any , and this criminal case .
Maybe Goldman can go out and get whatever the German equivalent is of a TRO .
But this is , in the government ’s view , a crime that we have shown probable cause for , and therefore it is possible that the defendant may compound his crime and pose a danger to the community .
And the bail statute allows the court to detain him if he is a danger .
Shoff takes offense to this and makes the point that Goldman likely knew about the situation for over a month , delaying , for unknown reason , until striking when it did .
Some derivative conspiracy theories could be derived from this .
But in a nutshell , the math , according to the sworn testimony by the U.S. Attorney , is that it took less than 48 hours between Goldman realizing it had been compromised ( on Wednesday ) and the FBI arresting Sergey at Newark ( on Friday ) .
And here is what seems to be the challenge for all hackers out there :
THE COURT : Well , what makes you think that it has n’t already been transferred since you do now know whether other people have access to the Germany server ?
It ’s already compromised , so the financial institution has to take steps now if you ’ve made it aware of the compromise to adjust for the loss of its trading platform .
MR. FACCIPONTE : Your Honor is correct .
I could ’ve been disseminated in this time .
It does not mean , however , that if it has not been disseminated we should not take steps to prevent the defendant from disseminating information if it is not already out there .
...
THE COURT : If as you say , the material is on the server in Germany , if anyone can access the material through that server , that is to say it is not only the defendant who can access it ; he might be able to provide other persons with information that would allow them to access it , if that ’s so , then what difference does it make whether he ’s detained or not if he can communicate that information ?
MR. FACCIPONTE : Right now our understanding is that the server can only be accessed by someone who has his user name and password .
THE COURT : Who has what , sir ?
MR. FACCIPONTE : His user name and password .
THE COURT : Okay .
So if he gives that to you , you can access that , is n’t that correct ?
MR. FACCIPONTE : That is correct , Your Honor .
THE COURT : So whether he ’s detained or not does n’t him from communicating that information to you or anyone else .
And therefore the server could be accessed and the financial institutions and the markets compromised as you have described .
MR. FACCIPONTE :
It would certainly be more difficult , Your Honor .
And I do n’t believe the public ought to bear the burden or the risk of that coming to past .
In addition --
THE COURT : But if he ’s detained , what prevents him from communicating the information ?
That ’s what I do n’t understand .
MR. FACCIPONTE : It would be a lot harder .
He would have to at the very least enlist and accomplice .
THE COURT : Okay .
MR. FACCIPONTE : Which people may not want to be accomplices .
[ TD : not so sure about that one ]
THE COURT : That ’s true whether he ’s detained or at liberty .
MR. FACCIPONTE : Okay .
But if he ’s at liberty he would not necessarily -- he would not need an accomplice .
He could just pass it on to another server somewhere .
THE COURT : He may already have accomplices who may have the information that can access the server in Germany .
Whether he ’s detained or not , I still do n’t understand why being detained means the information ca n’t be disseminated to access the server .
MR. FACCIPONTE : Because the server -- if the server had been in the United States , Your Honor , we would already be preparing process to free --
THE COURT : But it ’s not .
MR. FACCIPONTE :
The government needs a few days , given the holiday weekend , it would be difficult to do that .
But the government needs a few days to consult with German authorities to take the steps to freeze that server .
So if the court is not prepared to detain the defendant on a general showing , the government would at least ask that the defendant be detained until such time as they can secure the server , which we are moving to do even as we speak now .
THE COURT : I still do n’t understand why detaining him prevents him from communicating information so that someone can access the server .
If you make that clear to me , then I understand more acutely why you ’re arguing that he should be detained .
MR. FACCIPONTE : Well , he would --
THE COURT : If it just makes it difficult , lots of things are difficult , but not impossible .
MR. FACCIPONTE : If he were detained now , for example , I do n’t believe he would have immediate access to telephone privileges at the NCC or MDC .
I believe it takes days to set those accounts up .
He would have to tell somebody physically .
I do n’t believe anybody would -- he would have to enlist a co-conspirator right now .
And I think when you weigh the probability of him engaging in that behavior and being able to pull that together , first is the potential risk of just letting him go , I believe he ought to be detained .
Because he still has more burdens in prison to disseminate his information than he does if he ’s out in the street .
So if he ’s out in the street , he just needs access to a cell phone .
In prison , he needs to get access to a phone which is not a right if he is detained .
He would need to write a letter .
A letter takes several days to get to where it needs to go .
In the meantime , we would have -- we would very likely have the server locked down at that point in time .
So in a nutshell , here is Goldman 's manifesto : Yesterday - Program Trading , Today - Germany , Tomorrow - The World .
hat tip Reuters
Other 12 % deemed ‘ miraculously normal - looking ’
The image of a pale , slovenly writer hunched over a laptop is surprisingly accurate , a new UCLA study has revealed .
“ These people are ugly as sin , ” said Dr. Michael Lee , director of UCLA ’s sociology department .
“ Our research shows writers – and screenwriters in particular – have the highest ugly - to - profession ratio we ’ve seen since , well , ever .
Even Russian sheep herders are more attractive . ”
While “ ugliness ” is n’t easy to quantify , Lee claims a variety of physiological characteristics help them create a matrix with which to accurately judge a writer ’s appearance .
“ The existence of moles on the forehead , for example , ” said Lee .
“ Weak jaw lines .
Love handles .
Hair on the back , neck or ears .
Another common trait is the condition known as ‘ triple - chin . ’
And that ’s just the women ! ”
And what of the lucky 12 % deemed average or above average in appearance ?
“ I ’m still convinced that number is 9 % or less , ” said Lee .
“ Either way , those fortunate few dodged quite a bullet to somehow be able to write and also show their face in public . ”
The WGA has filed a complaint with UCLA , claiming the study does n’t take into account the many wannabe writers , who are generally much more attractive than the successful ones .
South Park is a show about 3rd graders ( or 4th graders , depending on what season you began watching ) .
And for more than ten years it 's chronicled the lives of Stan Kenny and Cartman – without letting them ever grow up .
That means that the show is able to catch a snapshot of " whatever the kids are into these days , " in any given moment of time .
And of course , that 's going to include the number one form of entertainment for boys this age : videogames .
Throughout the years , South Park has included various videogame elements – from minor references to retooling the entire look of the show in order to mimic a game .
They 've captured fads and trends , while also completely making a few things up that might represent the " way things are . "
There 's a sense you get from watching these episodes that Matt Stone and Trey Parker , the show 's creators , are gamers themselves .
And if not – then they certainly know enough gamers , because many of these references are dead on .
This is a show that has covered a wide swath of issues – from religion and evolution to celebrity and child molestation .
But here at IGN , we figured it 's time we look at South Park 's view on the gaming world ...
8/26/98
Poor Kenny .
He 's the poor kid that everyone makes fun of .
Well , not everyone – really mostly just Cartman .
But there 's plenty of us out there in the world who either did n't have the money or had parents who refused to buy us the latest and greatest gaming system .
There 's the kid with the new system - and everyone wants to go over to his house .
Or you 're Kenny , and you 're the kid with the old system and nobody wants to hang out at your place .
It 's no fun to be a Kenny .
ColecoVision is a " 2nd generation " system that came out in 1982 .
It was the first time that the " next big thing " hit the shelves and gamers who had only played the Atari 2600 saw what was now possible .
That innovation and advanced technology was long surpassed by the time poor Kenny got a hold of the system .
And who has n't been there ?
Still playing your Nintendo while your rich friend plays Super Nintendo ?
There 's nothing quite like that feeling that your missing out on the revolution when you 've got last generation 's technology in a next generation world …
Chinpokomon
Airdate : 11/3/99
In an obvious take on the Pokemon phenomenon – the boys become obsessed with " Chinpokomon " – a franchise that has the same " gotta buy them all " fever as Pokemon .
It starts as a TV show , then moves into dolls then the videogame .
The kids of South Park become so enmeshed in the franchise that they start speaking Japanese .
In an obvious dig at the rampant , out of control consumerism that Pokemon creates in kids – Kenny has a seizure while playing the videogame and turns into a social zombie .
Meanwhile , in a Rising Sun - like twist , the Chinpokomon merchandise all carries subliminal ( and overt ) anti-American messages .
The boys even end up joining with the Japanese in a bombing plot .
In an astute commentary on what makes fads work – and not work – the kids quickly get over Chinpokomon when they see that their parents are starting to like it as well – making it distinctly not cool …
PHP 5.3.0 Release Announcement
The PHP development team is proud to announce the immediate release of PHP 5.3.0 .
This release is a major improvement in the 5.X series , which includes a large number of new features and bug fixes .
The key features of PHP 5.3.0 include :
This release also drops several extensions and unifies the usage of internal APIs .
Users should be aware of the following known backwards compatibility breaks :
Parameter parsing API unification will cause some functions to behave more or less strict when it comes to type juggling
Removed the following extensions : ext / mhash ( see ext / hash ) , ext / msql , ext / pspell ( see ext / enchant ) , ext / sybase ( see ext / sybase_ct )
Moved the following extensions to PECL : ext / ming , ext / fbsql , ext / ncurses , ext / fdf
Removed zend.ze1_compatibility_mode
For users upgrading from PHP 5.2 there is a migration guide available here , detailing the changes between those releases and PHP 5.3.0 .
For a full list of changes in PHP 5.3.0 , see the ChangeLog .
In January , 2009 , Andrew Carroll held a plant in his hand and government people arrested him .
The plant was a marijuana bud , and the government people were ( and are ) violent .
The law enforcement officers were not shouting or jumping or hitting – they were calm and relatively pleasant to talk to – but a calm and well - spoken thug is a thug nonetheless .
Instead of thinking for themselves – instead of showing anywhere near the amount of courage that Andrew showed in publicly announcing his protest in advance – the law enforcement officers arrested his because he did something that words - on - paper somewhere said was a bad thing to do .
They could have thought to themselves , “ This guy is not hurting anyone , not threatening anyone , not damaging any property , not stealing anything , not committing fraud , not lying – not a single person even complained that they had a negative opinion of him standing here holding this plant .
He is causing no harm at all .
This law is a pointless one .
We should leave him alone . ”
Instead , they arrested him because they either ca n’t or wo n’t think for themselves , or their understanding of what makes a peaceful society is dangerously distorted .
Andrew was released a couple hours later , with the government people ’s charges against him already dropped in severity .
A month later Andrew attended their arraignment for his “ crime . ”
It was during this trial that SamIAm and 6 others were arrested and / or cited for nonviolent “ crimes ” such as refusing to give their name while sitting in a public lobby .
A month after that , Andrew attended the government people ’s trial for him .
He made constitutional and moral arguments for why drug laws should not be enforced , but the judge explicitly said he did not want to hear constitutional or moral arguments in his courtroom , only legal ones .
He only wanted to hear whether words - on - paper were obeyed .
The judge sentenced Andrew to $ 350.00 in fines and a 20 % “ penalty assessment ” ( a penalty for having been force - fed a penalty ? ) , for a total of $ 420.00 .
Andrew politely said he refused to pay , so the judge ordered him to report to jail by June 2 ( which was the time limit to apply for an appeal ) to “ serve ” off his sentence in jail at the rate of $ 50.00 per day .
Please read the first installment of The Adventures of Andrew Carroll : Drug War Protestor to find out what happened on June 2 .
Vote Coming to Confirm Anti-gun Radical – ‘ Guns Kill Civil Society ' says State Department Nominee
Washington , DC – -( AmmoLand.com ) - Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has scheduled a Wednesday vote on a State Department nominee who supports gun control on a global scale .
While advocates of the Second Amendment have come to expect that appointees of President Barack Obama would be hostile to the rights of gun owners , the president 's nominee for legal advisor to the State Department reaches a whole new level of anti-gun extremism .
Harold Hongju Koh , who served at the State Department under the Clinton administration , is a self - described “ trans - nationalist ” who believes that our laws — and our Constitution — should be brought into conformity with international agreements .
“ If you want to be in the global environment , you have to play by the global rules , ” Koh told a Cleveland audience .
Koh 's positions treat our constitutional law as if it were a mere local ordinance on the greater world stage .
This is of particular concern to gun owners at a time when the U.S. Congress is under pressure from President Obama to ratify an international gun control treaty with countries in the western hemisphere .
That treaty , known by its Spanish acronym CIFTA , would likely serve as a forerunner to a more extensive United Nations initiative , the “ Program of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in all its Aspects . ”
The Bush administration , under the leadership of UN Ambassador John Bolton , rejected the small arms treaty .
Bolton plainly told the world that the United States will not accept a gun control document that violates our Constitutional right to bear arms .
Harold Koh commented that Bolton was being “ needlessly provocative . ”
In a paper entitled “ A world drowning in guns , ” Koh maintains that a civil society cannot exist with broad gun ownership : “ Guns kill civil society , ” he said .
Koh is eager to assume his post at the State Department , having lamented that there is only so much that can be done from the outside to push gun control treaties , and that ultimately we need people like him in positions of power .
The chief lawyer for the State Department is just the position someone like him needs to put his agenda into play .
While Koh 's nomination has been delayed largely because of Second Amendment concerns , Sen .
Reid plans to force a vote this week .
It is imperative that gun owners contact their Senators and insist that they vote AGAINST this anti-gun extremist .
ACTION : Please contact your Senators immediately and urge them to oppose Harold Hongju Koh 's nomination to the State Department .
You can use the Gun Owners Legislative Action Center at http://gunowners.org/activism.htm to send your Senators the pre-written message below .
— – Pre-written letter — – Dear Senator : The Senate is expected to soon vote on a State Department nominee who supports gun control on a global scale .
Harold Hongju Koh , who served at the State Department under the Clinton administration , is a self - described “ trans - nationalist ” who believes that our laws — and our Constitution — should be brought into conformity with international agreements .
According to Koh , “ If you want to be in the global environment , you have to play by the global rules . ”
Well , I do n't support global rules that contradict our own Constitution .
Koh supports international gun control treaties such as the United Nations initiative entitles the “ Program of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in all its Aspects . ”
When former UN Ambassador John Bolton told the world that the United States will not accept a gun control document that violates our Constitutional right to bear arms , Harold Koh commented that Bolton was being “ needlessly provocative . ”
And in a 2003 Fordham Law Review article entitled “ A world drowning in guns , ” Koh maintains that a civil society cannot exist with broad gun ownership : “ Guns kill civil society , ” he wrote .
I urge you to reject this trans - nationalist , anti-gun extremist who would place foreign laws and international agreements on equal footing ( at minimum ) with the U.S. Constitution .
Sincerely , ****************************
Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes Place , Suite 102
Springfield , VA 22151
Phone : 703-321-8585
FAX : 703-321-8408
www.gunowners.org
Free Photoshop Brushes : Watercolor , Space , Canvas
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Over the last months we focused on releases of icons and themes , so we thought that it may be useful to release Photoshop brushes and vector graphics for a change .
Hence , in this post we release a set of Photoshop brushes for space effects , a set of brushes to simulate the effect of a painted canvas , a hand - drawn vector illustration set and a Moleskine icon set .
You can use the sets ( except the bonus set ) for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Over the last months we focused on releases of icons and themes , so we thought that it may be useful to release Photoshop brushes and vector graphics for a change .
Hence , in this post we release a set of Photoshop brushes for space effects , a set of brushes to simulate the effect of a painted canvas , a hand - drawn vector illustration set and a Moleskine icon set .
You may also want to take a look at the following related posts :
Messy Watercolor Photoshop Brushes Set
In the past we have featured Franz Jeitz ’s work already ( he designed a couple of desktop wallpapers for us ) and the response from our community was really great .
So when Franz suggested to do something together we were quick to respond .
The result is a set of Messy Watercolor Photoshop Brushes , released exclusively via Smashing Magazine .
The set has 12 brushes at a resolution of 2300 px which results in an .abr file of the size 27.3 Mb .
Behind the design
Here are some insights from Franz himself :
“ Like many people I have an ever - growing library of photoshop brushes .
My all - time favourites are those that have a grunge feeling to them .
At first I only collected high resolution photoshop brushes , but ever since I started my own design blog at www.fudgegraphics.com
I made my own and shared them with the design community .
So it is my pleasure to release the “ Messy Watercolour Brushes 1 ” exclusively on Smashing Magazine .
The set includes 12 brushes ranging from 2156 px up to 2294 px .
I suggest experimenting with the brushes to discover the full potential of this set .
Open a blank canvas and start painting on individual layers .
Play with colours and blending modes until you ’re happy with the result .
What I like most about watercolour brushes is the endless opportunities .
You could complete a design using only the brushes .
Or you could overlay them on text or vectors to give them a more organic feel .
You may even combine them with different gradients .
Whatever you do I hope you have fun with them .
For more Hi-Res photoshop brushes please visit the Freebies Section on fudgegraphics.com .
Unfortunately people stuck on Photoshop versions prior to CS1 wo n’t be able to use these brushes as they are simply too large .
Do n’t worry though .
The source files used to make them will be released shortly on Smashing Magazine as a texture pack . ”
Journey Into The Space Brush Set
This Photoshop brush set can come in handy if you are planning to use some space effects for your next design .
This set , created by Sebastiano Guerriero from BestPhotoshopTutorials.net , consists of 15 high quality “ space ” - brushes ( ranging in resolution from 800 to 2500 pixels ) to create space effects with just one click .
Created and released exclusively for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download this set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Painted Canvas Brush Set
In Photoshop there are several ways to simulate a painted canvas look in your designs either using textures or filters but neither of those methods are good at simulating the brush strokes created when an actual paint brush hits the canvas .
The Painted Canvas Brush Set contains 55 high resolution Photoshop Brushes .
Each brush was created specifically to simulate the effect of a painted canvas and each brush can be used in several ways .
This set was created by Colorburned specifically for the readers of Smashing Magazine .
You can learn more about Colorburned by visiting their website or by following them on Twitter .
Download this set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Free Hand Drawn Vector Illustration Set
This set contains 18 hand - drawn illustrations which could be useful especially for designers who follow the hand - drawing trend .
For more details about the hand - drawing style in web design , please read Smashing Magazine ’s Hand - Drawing Style In Modern Web Design .
The illustrations are purely vector , available in fireworks ( png ) format .
The transparent PSD version has been included as well .
Created by Gopal Raju from ProductiveDreams.com exclusively for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download this set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
large preview
download the set ( .zip , 0.6 Mb )
Bonus : Moleskine Icon Set
As bonus , we release a free Moleskine Icon Set , designed by Max Brown from OrangeYear and implemented by Joe Mansfield from EngraveYourBook .
The set contains 7 Moleskine icons , released under Creative Commons Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 License .
It includes music , plain , ruled , sketch , squared , storyboard , and address Moleskine notebooks .
A layered TIFF - stack of the icons ( see below ) is included as well .
Free only for non-commercial work .
Thank you for your great work , folks !
We appreciate your efforts .
A magnitude 4.0 earthquake struck off the coast of San Diego this morning .
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .
The quake struck 7:34 a.m. about 30 miles west of La Jolla and 37 miles west of San Diego , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The quake originated about 12 miles underground , the USGS estimated .
The shaker was felt across San Diego County including Oceanside , Escondido , Vista and Carlsbad , as well as in Temecula , Laguna Niguel and Ladera Ranch .
The USGS classified the quake as " light . "
-- Shelby Grad
Sync Config Files Across Multiple Computers with Dropbox
Would n’t it be nice to be able to have the same setup on all of your nix boxes and be able to make a change to the config files on all the machines at the same time ?
Well , with Dropbox we can set this up easily .
Dropbox is a free online storage service that comes with a syncing app that works with Windows , Mac and of course Linux .
Although Dropbox is typically used to sync files that reside in the /home / Dropbox directory we are going to make use of symbolic links to link files outside this directory in an attempt to sync config files across multiple Linux machines .
Benefits
Here are some of the benefits you will get when syncing your config files with Dropbox
Applications behave the same on all systems
One change to the config file affects all computers
Setting up a new system is as easy as installing Dropbox and making some links
Config files are backed up
Get dropbox
Install Dropbox with your favorite package manager , Debian / Ubuntu users can click here .
You can also install the CLI version via python .
You can run Dropbox in Gnome by going : Applications > Internet > Dropbox
When ran for the first time you will be access to create an account or login .
Just follow the simple steps to setup your Dropbox .
When finished you should have a folder in your home directory called , ‘ Dropbox ’ .
Setting it up
Make a folder in Dropbox named ConfigFiles and move your original config files here .
This will store them on Dropbox ’s servers for all of your computers to see .
For example :
mv . bashrc Dropbox / ConfigFiles
Then make a symbolic link that points to the original file in the Dropbox sync folder :
ln -s Dropbox / ConfigFiles/.bashrc . bashrc
Files you might want to sync :
. bashrc - Bash
.bash_profile - Bash Profile
.vimrc - Vim configuration
.icons - for a consistent icon set
Other Neat Dropbox Uses
Things you can do :
The main way in which we have come to understand the LTTE and the Tamil secession struggle has been through the prism of counterinsurgency , terrorism , the strategic logic of suicide attacks , funding networks and - so it has darkly been hinted - possible ties with ' Al Qaeda ' .
History and context are only raised on the rare occasion that someone in the field of ' counterterrorism ' thinks it matters .
Otherwise we are advised that it is simply an ethnic conflict , between the Sinhalese majority and the Tamil minority .
The Sri Lankan state , which blames the entire conflict on the LTTE and purports to be ' liberating '
Tamils from their rule , is apparently convinced that a military demolition of its opponents means that they have secured a long term victory .
In fact , however , their turn to this brutal military solution is a result of failure .
It is the inability of Sri Lanka 's rulers to accomodate even partially the interests of the Tamil minority within the terms of its sovereignty , as was made clear by the failure of peace accords earlier this decade , that has led to this state of affairs .
This is the hallmark of a weak and fractious ruling class , not a strong and confident one .
The LTTE may be broken , but that does n't mean that the people of the Tamil north will simply give way .
As usual , there is a colonial background here , inasmuch as the ethnic divisions are rooted in the practises of rule and exploitation by British colonial powers in what was Ceylon .
British imperialism was hardly loyal to one ethnicity over another - its ' race management ' strategy changed over time .
On the one hand , the British imported indentured workers from Tamil Nadu in southern India to help extract those rich rubber , tea , cinnamon , indigo and sugar resources .
These were subject to tough labour legislation and restrictions forbidding them from leaving the plantation .
On the other hand , modest advantages were conferred on some middle class layers of the Tamil minority who had already lived there for hundreds of years , as well as on some upper class Sinhalese and particularly on Burghers ( descendants of European colonists ) .
Moreover , British ethnology absurdly maintained that the Sinhalese and Tamils were distinct ' races ' : the former were ' Aryan ' , while the latter were ' Dravidian ' - this on the basis of a divergence between languages spoken in central and southern India , and the Sanskrit - derived languages of the north .
This was an important aspect of imperial power - knowledge , as the British based their administrative units on such ethnology , while the owners of capital used anti-Tamil feeling to break strikes and disorganise workers .
Such ' divide and rule ' strategies were reflected in the censuses which , after 1911 , placed indentured Tamil plantation workers in a separate category as ' Indian Tamils ' .
Legislation pushed through by Governor Manning in 1924 was used to undermine the unity of the emerging Lankan nationalist movement by introducing more communal representation systems into the Legislative Council .
On this occasion , the British chose to under - represent the Sinhalese majority .
Later , the Fabian - led Donoughmore Commission would reject communal representation and propose a ' universal franchise ' under British rule .
The Tamil nationalists had to decide whether to oppose it in the interests of conserving a communal position , or whether to oppose it because it did n't concede self - government , and ultimately chose the latter , but you begin to see how such divisions had become a terrible disabling factor for the independence movement .
That brings us to another crucial background , which is the rise and eclipse of the Sri Lankan revolutionary Left in the 20th Century , and its ultimate inability to overcome the divisions inherited from the colonial period .
For , despite the mass communist and trade union movements that fought for independence , when independence was finally achieved in 1948 , it was on terms that maintained powerful British interests in Sri Lanka , with large naval and air facilities based there to help the empire defends its holdings in Malaya .
Moreover , it was in a way that deepened the extant ethnic divisions .
Tamil plantation workers were excluded from the franchise by the new ruling party , the UNFP , and thus the Tamil minority was stigmatised as being in some sense not properly Sri Lankan .
A split from the UNFP produced the Sri Lankan Freedom Party ( SLFP ) which was even more hostile to the Tamil minority .
It claimed that Sri Lanka had a Buddhist identity , despite the fact that a sizeable minority were Hindu .
Peaceful protesters , however , were attacked and killed , while the government continued to discriminate against the Tamil minority .
They were the target of riots , pogroms , and state repression , and in opposition to this there developed a guerilla movements such as the Tamil New Tigers .
Sri Lanka was unique in developing a mass communist movement based on Trotskyism .
The role of the Lanka Sama Samaja Party ( LSSP ) , founded in 1935 , was quite extraordinary .
Not only was it not a communally based party , but it made a surprising and concrete connection with the British working class with the involvement of its prominent agitator Mark Bracegirdle ( the spectacle of a white man rousing Sri Lankan labourers with his speeches against the planters was something that the British administrators absolutely detested ) .
It was instrumental in building the union movement , was one of the few forces that continued to fight the British during World War II , and became the main opposition party after the war .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the party made great strides while resisting the Sinhala nationalism of the ruling SLFP .
Moreover , the most powerful trade union movements at that time were aligned to the LSSP .
But the party made the mistake of forming a coalition government with the SLFP , first in 1964 , then again in 1970 .
It became part of a ruling administration that actually continued to discriminate against the Tamil minority .
And it was also a suicidal move , since the front split in 1975 , the LSSP representatives were expelled , and the party later lost all its MPs .
It has since been involved in several coalitions with the SFLP , and has never recovered its former standing .
But to be absolutely clear about this , the LSSP 's early opposition to communalism was , as far as I can discover , most unusual .
The majority of left - wing groups - and bear in mind that even the SFLP is nominally a socialist party - had long supported Sinhalese nationalism .
And that brings us to the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , which was formed in 1976 to replace the Tamil New Tigers , and the Tamil independence struggle which was launched in 1983 .
The rise of the Tigers did reflect the left 's historic failure , even if the LTTE adopted nominally marxist politics .
It reflected the fact that a non-communal left had been unable to hegemonise the working class , that even explicit revolutionaries and Guevarists had been party to oppression of the Tamils .
It also reflected an enormous increase in state repression , with increasing reliance on mass arrests and torture .
The tactics of the LTTE in response have been the focus of a lot of study of late .
Kidnappings , bombings and , later on , suicide attacks .
These were the tactics of a national struggle , one that necessarily did n't recognise any allies among the Sinhala majority .
But the dirty war was overwhelmingly fought by the Sri Lankan army .
For example , when Tamil fighters attacked an army convoy in Jaffna in July 1983 , the army retaliated by attacking and killing sixty civilians in the city - university lecturers , housewives , engineers , students , all shot dead in their homes .
The Colombo - based press , however , focused overwhelmingly on the dead soldiers ( does this sound familiar ? ) and whipped up an atmosphere of hostility to the Tamils .
The government then proceeded with an extraordinarily vicious series of pogroms , which began with the burning of huts in Trincomalee and the expulsion of their residents .
In Colombo , Sinhalese nationalists organised and attacked Tamil homes , shops , and vehicles , murdering dozens in one evening .
Tamil prisoners were systematically murdered in cold blood .
For weeks and weeks , similar episodes raged .
The streets , empty apart from armed men on the prowl and their victims , were scenes of devastation .
One town , the Tamil town of Kandapola , was utterly destroyed .
The government began to round Tamils up , ostensibly to protect , and drove them into wretched ' refugee camps ' .
90,000 refugees were created in Colombo alone by the first week of August .
That wave of violence is known as ' Black July ' .
It lent awful credence to the argument that the Tamils did n't have Sinhalese allies they could look to .
It sparked the war that thundered for more than twenty five years .
I have emphasised that the LTTE struggle can't be reduced to its tactics , but its tactics did flow from its nationalist premises .
That is why it chose to pursue a guerilla struggle when it did n't have mass support , and why it eventually sought the help of the Indian government who at first armed the Tigers , then negotiated a peace deal , then sent in a ' peacekeeping ' force which ended up attempting to disarm them - thus producing another horrendous bout of conflict , this time with the Indian army who were forced to withdraw in 1990 .
The Tigers , to make up for their lack of firepower , pioneered suicide bombings and invented the suicide belt .
They repeatedly targeted civilians , seeing them as complicit in their oppression .
They killed Muslims where they did n't simply extort them for funding .
They also engaged in the recruitment of child soldiers .
Such callousness was mandated by the argument that the Tamils could never live at peace within Sri Lanka , that they would always be oppressed , and could never look to Sinhalese or anyone else to defend them - but could in Tamil Eelam , they would be free .
Even despite their relative weakness , the Tigers could be a devastatingly effective force , and were very efficient at raising funds through the diaspora .
It was n't beyond them to rout the Sri Lankan army , such as when they took the strategically essential Elephant Pass from the Sri Lankan army in 2000 , and then destroyed half the Air Lanka fleet at Colombo airport when the army tried to take it back .
They successfully assassinated the Indian Prime Minister , Rajiv Gandhi , partially as a response to India 's role in northern Sri Lanka .
At the same time , because of their inherent military disadvantage , they repeatedly engaged in diplomatic attempts to end the war .
Throughout the conflict , there were five separate peace agreements , and several unilateral ceasefires on the part of the LTTE .
The Sri Lankan state consistently refused to reciprocate on unilateral ceasefires and generally did n't hold up its end of the bargain in negotiated ceasefires .
This is n't to say that the Tigers were angelic in their conduct of negotiations .
One does n't expect that .
And nor does it mean that peace held no advantages for the Sri Lankan ruling class .
To secure the territory would certainly open new avenues for growth and allow the further penetration of the economic liberalisation programme throughout the country .
The question was always whether they preferred a peace with autonomy for the Tamil north or a peace achieved by a comprehensive defeat for the Tigers .
Given the choice , and given the prevailing constituencies , they tended to choose the latter .
The last ceasefire started in 2002 and ended in 2004 , and it is instructive to see just how it ended .
The Sri Lankan army had , since the fall of the Elephant Pass , been actively seeking arms and counterinsurgency training from any source it could .
It forged a new alliance with Israel to this end , and raised its defence budget to $ 1bn .
The army engaged in an energetic recruitment drive .
The LTTE , evidently not trusting the government and unwilling to reduce its fighting capacity until a political settlement had been reached , sought to mirror the army 's build up .
The ceasefire was looking fairly shaky by late 2004 .
A new coalition had come to power involving leading Sinhalese nationalist forces , the SFLP and JVP , with the support of he LSSP .
They did not support the federalist idea that both the LTTE and the previous government had been negotiating around .
They declared that the negotiations process was tainted at source , and that the ceasefire no longer held .
And then the tsunami struck .
The army took the advantage of the devastation to restore its position in the Tamil north , just as the Indonesian army was doing in Aceh .
It deliberately withheld aid from Tamil areas and started to penetrate refugee camp .
Soon after , the war resumed .
It resumed with the Sri Lankan army in a far more commanding position than it had been in before .
And it ended with the military devastating its opponents and slaughtering civilians as it had always done .
It ended the dream of Tamil Eelam .
But what would Tamil Eelam have looked like ?
The structures of an incipient state were being constructed in the Tiger - run territories , partly out of sheer necessity .
Unwilling to be ruled under the Prevention of Terrorism Act , they had to elaborate their own legal system and civil codes .
The structures they developed were highly effective .
There is a rather simplistic argument over whether the peace and low crime rates that obtained in the Tiger controlled areas were the result of authoritarian policing or social justice .
The state structures were indeed highly authoritarian in some ways , which is perhaps unsurprising in the context of war .
On the other hand , they were based on welfare and development , codifying womens ' rights , criminalised all forms of caste discrimination , and so on .
The welfare functions were paid for by a form of taxation that in other circumstances would just be called ' rent ' .
The Tigers also pioneered the creation of an NGO , the Tamils Rehabilitation Organisation which , for example organised tsunami relief aid .
As brutal as the Tigers could be in their tactics , they evidently tried to prefigure a more socially just society .
And this made sense as a political strategy , since their ability to wield effective force had to be embedded in their political hegemony .
Nonetheless , it 's important to see the limits of this .
The LTTE had traditionally been in favour of a heavily state - run developmentalist economy , but in negotiations in 2004 made it clear that while the LTTE had to urgently mount a humanitarian and development programme , it favoured a long - term strategy based on " an open market economy " , and it voiced no opposition to the state 's liberalisation measures .
The glorious Tamil Eelam would have been a neoliberal state , perhaps no more than an autonomous zone within a federal structure , implementing the same IMF - driven policies that have been pushed from Colombo for some years .
That this , ultimately , is what so many young men and women were prepared to kill an die for , is not the least of the Tamils ' tragedies .
ps : see Socialist Worker 's archive of articles on Sri Lanka for some useful background .
Aaron Bockover , the lead developer behind the open source Banshee project , has published an outline of the Banshee community 's plans for the next major version of the program .
Banshee is evolving beyond the scope of its original function as an audio player for the Linux desktop and is transforming into a comprehensive multimedia application platform .
The Banshee 1.0 release last year introduced support for video playback .
Subsequent point versions have added other nice features , including improved compatibility with media devices such as the T - Mobile G1 .
A play queue and a new context pane which displays song information at sites like Wikipedia and Last.fm are under active development and could arrive in upcoming point updates .
The developers aim to take Banshee to a new level with version 2.0 by introducing support for photo management .
According to Bockover 's blog entry , the core functionality of the F - Spot photo manager will be integrated into Banshee 's infrastructure .
Photo management , viewing , and tagging features will be exposed through the Banshee user interface as an optional extension .
This will enable Banshee to deliver unified image , video , and audio management and viewing capabilities with a cohesive user experience .
Although Banshee will take over the role currently held today by F - Spot for many users , F - Spot itself will continue to exist as an independent application as the developers reposition it to serve different needs .
According to Bockover 's blog entry , F - Spot 's own user interface will be retooled so that it can evolve into a professional photo management tool like Adobe Lightroom .
Another exciting advancement for Banshee is a new custom user interface shell called Cubano that is designed specifically for netbook environments .
Although Cubano is still at a relatively early stage of development and will likely change in many significant ways as it matures , the screenshots of the latest prototype are impressive .
Its subtle gradients and generous spacing exhibit a degree of simple elegance that is seldom seen in GNOME applications .
It largely appears to eschew menus , a characteristic that will make it feel consistent when it is used alongside Intel 's custom Moblin shell on netbooks .
The Banshee developers , and Bockover in particular , are user interface perfectionists .
The current version of Banshee uses totally custom list view widgets that were meticulously crafted to provide richer functionality and aesthetic sophistication while still conforming with the basic look and feel of the user 's underlying GTK + theme .
This same attention to detail and level of care is clearly going into Cubano .
It includes a nifty cover art grid view and several other highly visual user interface elements .
" Cubano is more about experiencing your music than managing it .
I am aiming to introduce visual metadata ( photos , colors ) and simple whitespace as UI elements to separate and emphasize content instead of the hard lines from traditional toolkit widgets , " Bockover wrote .
" However , even with a minimal interface you do n't lose any of the power to which you may be accustomed from the traditional Banshee interface . "
The emergence of Cubano is part of a broader trend in the Linux community to build alternate user interfaces specifically for appliance - like , small form - factor Internet devices that are intended for an audience of regular consumers .
We have previously looked at several projects in that general category , such as Intel 's Moblin netbook shell and Canonical 's Ubuntu Netbook Remix environment .
Another example is Anjal , a custom e-mail user interface that could serve as an alternative to the full Evolution client on netbooks .
( Keep an eye out for our upcoming coverage of the KDE community 's netbook interface efforts ) .
These netbook - oriented custom user interface projects are intriguing because they force Linux developers to place a stronger emphasis on usability and think about different kinds of user interface paradigms .
Cubano appears to be shaping up nicely and is an improvement in some important ways over the media library interface prototype that is included in Moblin .
It 's important to note that Cubano is not intended to replace the standard Banshee user interface on the desktop by default .
Much like Muinshee , a port of the Muine audio player UI to Banshee , the new Cubano interface will be available to desktop users as an option .
In the future , some of the new user interface elements that were created for Cubano will be shared between Cubano and the standard desktop UI .
These include an improved track info display and a " Now Playing " interface that takes advantage of the Clutter scenegraph library .
Rise of the application platform
The availability of multiple Banshee user interfaces and the introduction of new photo management infrastructure in the 2.0 release reflect the program 's transition into a media application platform .
Plugins and third - party software , which can integrate with Banshee through Mono Addins and D - Bus , can deliver custom multimedia user experiences that leverage Banshee 's underlying capabilities .
This could be used in a lot of really useful and interesting ways in the future .
In a blog entry from 2007 , which is when this vision of a platform - like Banshee first began to take shape , Bockover pointed out that media center programs like Elisa ( now called Moovida ) could potentially use Banshee 's library system as an underlying media store .
Another project from 2007 that is emblematic of Banshee 's potential as a media application platform is the experimental Web - based user interface that developer Joe Shaw made during Novell 's first hack week .
Banshee 's underlying infrastructure and extensibility mechanisms are more mature now than they were when these ideas first emerged .
Bockover points out that Banshee 's current desktop user interface accounts for only about 800 lines of the program 's total 105,000 lines of C# code .
This demonstrates the extent to which Banshee 's presentation layer is separated from its underlying functionality .
All of the program 's power is sitting underneath the surface waiting to be used and repurposed in innovative ways by third - party developers .
Cross - platform support is another area where Banshee is maturing .
Last year , we looked at the Mac OS X version and its implications .
Availability on other platforms can help popular Linux programs expand their base of contributors , thus leading to additional improvements that help the program 's users across all platforms .
Bockover says that Banshee will soon be available on Windows in addition to Linux and Mac OS X , an important milestone for the project .
There are clearly bright things ahead on the horizon for Banshee .
The program has a lot of value to offer today on the desktop and will become even more significant to the GNOME ecosystem as it gains integrated photo management capabilities .
Novell already ships it by default in its own OpenSUSE Linux distribution , but there are signs that Ubuntu could adopt it by default in the future , too .
For more details about the future of Banshee , check out Bockover 's blog and his presentation slides ( PDF ) from the Gran Canaria desktop summit .
Absurdist Theater *
" A bunch of powerful white males lecturing a Hispanic female judge on racial sensitivity is rich .
And they say Al Franken is the comedian in the Senate . "
every word that comes out of his mouth is an out - and - out lie
Andy Borowitz
BorowitzReport.com
Posted : July 15 , 2009 10:37 AM
CNN Urges Senators to Ask Sotomayor
More Questions About Michael Jackson
CNN criticized the conduct of the Senate Judiciary Committee today , arguing that the senators were spending too much time probing Supreme Court nominee Sonya Sotomayor about her legal philosophy instead of asking her questions about Michael Jackson .
" Our viewers want to know who 's going to have custody of Blanket and the other Jackson children , and none of that is being addressed in these hearings , " said CNN 's Larry King .
" Frankly , our viewers are watching these proceedings in disbelief . "
On his " Situation Room " program yesterday , Wolf Blitzer echoed those sentiments , adding , " It 's hard to believe that Sonya Sotomayor has been grilled for two days straight and the subject of Debbie Rowe has n't come up once . "
CNN is also demanding that there be additional autopsies of Michael Jackson and additional funerals , if possible .
More here .
Andy Borowitz is a comedian and the author of Who Moved My Soap ? :
The CEO 's Guide to Surviving Prison : The Bernie Madoff Edition .
#
Labels : Andy Borowitz , Matt Davies , Mike Luckovich , Senate Judiciary Committee , Sonia Sotomayor , Walt Handelsman
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. employers cut far more jobs than expected last month and the unemployment rate hit 9.5 percent , the highest in nearly 26 years , underscoring the likelihood of a long , slow recovery from recession .
The loss of 467,000 jobs reported by the Labor Department on Thursday was 100,000 more than Wall Street economists had expected , with virtually no major economic sector spared .
Since the economy fell into recession in December 2007 , 6.5 million nonfarm jobs have been lost and the unemployment rate has nearly doubled .
“ It looks like the economy was still losing substantial momentum as the second quarter came to a close .
This report is weak across the board , ” said William Sullivan , chief economist at the JVB Financial Group in Boca Raton , Florida .
Stock prices fell sharply , with the Dow Jones industrial average ending 2.6 percent lower as investors worried that the data darkened the recovery outlook .
Prices for safe - haven U.S. government debt rose , pushing the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note down briefly to levels not seen since late May .
The rise in the U.S. jobless rate from May ’s 9.4 percent took it to its highest since August 1983 .
In a further indication of weakness , the report showed the length of the average workweek shrank and wages were flat last month .
“ The labor market is still in shambles , ” said economist Harm Bandholz of Unicredit Markets & Investment Banking in New York .
U.S. businesses have slashed payrolls sharply in an effort to protect their bottom line in the face of a plunge in consumer demand .
Now , the deteriorating jobs market poses the biggest hurdle to a recovery that many economists expect to take root this quarter .
President Barack Obama said the June jobs report was “ less devastating ” than monthly losses in the first quarter , but added that was little comfort to millions of Americans suffering from unemployment .
“ It took years for us to get into this mess and it will take more than a few months to turn it around , ” Obama said at the White House .
Monthly U.S. job losses peaked in January at 741,000 and had decreased each month since then until June , an indication that the pace of the economy ’s deterioration had been slowing .
The Labor Department revised figures for April and May to show a net 8,000 fewer jobs were lost in those months than previously reported .
The May job losses were revised downward to 322,000 , while April losses were revised upward to 519,000 .
Data in Europe on Thursday also showed unemployment in the 16 - nation euro zone rose to a 10 - year high of 9.5 percent in May , adding to concerns about demand for U.S. exports .
Stephen Battaglia ( L ) of West Palm Beach , Florida searches for jobs on a computer at Workforce Alliance in West Palm Beach , Florida July 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joe Skipper
SIGNS OF HOPE
A separate report , however , offered some hope that pressure on the labor market was starting to fade .
The Labor Department said first - time claims for state unemployment insurance benefits fell last week .
In addition , the number of people still on jobless aid rolls after claiming an initial week of benefits dropped to just over 6.7 million in the week ended June 20 , only the third week this year that continued claims dropped .
Many economists have predicted that the unemployment rate will continue to rise even if recovery takes hold this year .
But Chris Rupkey , chief financial economist at Bank of Tokyo / Mitsubishi UFJ in New York , said in a research note that if current trends hold , “ the odds are increasing that the unemployment rate has peaked for this recession at 9.5 percent . ”
WIDESPREAD LOSSES
While June ’s job losses were widespread , the steepest decline was in services , the backbone sector for the U.S. economy , where payrolls shrank by 244,000 positions after a 107,000 drop in May .
Construction lost 79,000 job slots and government employment fell by 52,000 .
Manufacturing was one of the few areas to show a smaller drop in June , down 136,000 after a 156,000 fall in May .
A separate government report on Thursday showed orders for U.S. manufactured goods in May rose 1.2 percent , the largest increase in nearly a year .
Still , it was the ninth straight month that more than 100,000 jobs were lost in that sector .
The median time all individuals were out of a job grew to 17.9 weeks in June , the longest on records dating to 1967 .
The weak labor market also continued to undercut real wages .
Average hourly earnings in June were flat with May at $ 18.53 an hour , while the length of the average workweek fell to 33.0 hours from 33.1 in May , pressuring consumer incomes .
Over the past year , average weekly hours have risen just 2.7 percent , the smallest 12 - month change since the period ended September 2005 .
It certainly looks like another example of crying wolf .
Three weeks ago the World Health Organization declared a health emergency , warning countries to " prepare for a pandemic , " and said the only question was the extent of worldwide damage .
Senior officials prophesied that millions could be infected by the disease .
But as of last week , the WHO had confirmed only 4,800 cases of swine flu , with 61 fatalities .
Obviously , these low numbers are a pleasant surprise , yet one has to wonder :
What did we get wrong ?
Why did the predictions of a pandemic turn out to be so exaggerated ?
Some people blame an overheated media , but it would have been difficult to ignore major international health organizations and governments when they warned of catastrophe .
I think there is a broader mistake in the way we see the world .
Once we spot a problem , we can describe it in great detail , extrapolating all possible consequences .
But rarely can we anticipate the human response to that crisis .
Take swine flu .
The virus had crucial characteristics that led researchers to worry that it could spread far and fast .
They described -- and the media reported -- what would happen if it went unchecked .
But it did not go unchecked .
In fact , swine flu was met by a vigorous response at its epicenter .
The Mexican government reacted quickly and massively , quarantining the infected population , testing others , providing medication to those in need .
The noted expert on this subject , Laurie Garrett , says , " We should all stand up and scream , ' Gracias , Mexico ! ' because the Mexican people and the Mexican government have sacrificed on a level that I 'm not sure as Americans we would be prepared to do in the exact same circumstances .
They shut down their schools .
They shut down businesses , restaurants , churches , sporting events .
They basically paralyzed their own economy .
They 've suffered billions of dollars in financial losses still being tallied up , and thereby really brought transmission to a halt . Ö "
Every time one of these viruses is detected , writers and officials bring up the Spanish influenza epidemic of 1918 in which millions of people died .
Indeed , during the last pandemic scare , severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) in 2005 , President George W. Bush claimed that he had been reading a history of the Spanish flu to help him understand how to respond .
But the world today looks nothing like it did in 1918 .
Public health - care systems are far better and more widespread than anything that existed during World War I. Even Mexico , a developing country , has a first - rate public - health system -- far better than anything Britain or France had in the early 20th century .
One can see this same pattern of mistakes in discussions of the global economic crisis .
Over the past six months , the doomsday industry has moved into high gear .
Economists and business pundits are competing with each other to describe the next Great Depression .
But the world we live in bears little resemblance to the 1930s era .
There is much greater and more widespread wealth in Western societies , with middle classes that can withstand job losses in ways they could not in the 1930s .
Bear in mind , unemployment in the non-farm sector in America rose to 37 percent in the 1930s .
Unemployment in the United States today is 8.9 percentÖ .
And government benefits -- nonexistent in the '30s -- play a vast role in cushioning the blow from an economic slowdown .
The biggest difference between the 1930s and today , however , lies in the human response .
Governments worldwide have reacted with amazing speed and scale , lowering interest rates , recapitalizing banks and budgeting for large government expenditures .
In total , all the various fiscal - stimulus packages amount to something in the range of $ 2 trillion .
Central banks -- mainly the Federal Reserve -- have pumped much larger amounts of cash into the economy .
While we debate the intricacies of every move -- is the TALF well structured ?
-- the basic reality is that governments have thrown everything but the kitchen sink at this problem and , taking into account the inevitable time lag , their actions are already taking effect .
That does not mean a painless recovery or a return to robust growth .
But it does mean that we should retire the analogies to the Depression , when policymakers -- especially central banks -- did many things wrong .
We live in a dangerous world .
But it is also a world in which deep , structural forces create stability .
We have learned from history and built some reasonably effective mechanisms to handle crises .
Does that mean we should n't panic ?
Yes , except that it is the sense of urgency that makes people act -- even overreact -- and ensures that a crisis does n't mutate into a disaster .
Here 's the paradox :
If policymakers had n't been scared of another Great Depression , there might well have been one .
The writer is editor of Newsweek International and co-host of PostGlobal , an online discussion of international issues .
His e-mail address is comments@fareedzakaria.com .
Luis Fabiano scored twice as Brazil came from 2 - 0 down to win 3 - 2 and retain the Confederations Cup
Preamble Hello .
Never mind the Ides of March , the fury of a patient man and dreams in which you are being chased down Rochester High Street by your A - level English teacher , who is wearing only a pair of Coventry City socks from 1983 and shouting ' You see what happens when you misuse a semi- colon ! ' : what you should really beware is winning the World Cup dress rehearsal .
Historically , it has been a disaster .
Brazil spanked Argentina in the Confederations Cup final of 2005 , but were a lopsided shambles at the World Cup a year later ; France won the Confederations Cup in Korea in 2001 and were a shower a year later ; England won Le Tournoi in 1997 and would have won the World Cup but for David Beckham being sent off honest a year later ; and West Germany won the US Cup in 1993 , only to be humiliated by Bulgaria a year later .
As harbingers of imminent doom go , this is almost up there with winning the Manager of the Month award and being in a team managed by Phil Brown .
Not that this will trouble Brazil , who tonight aim to continue their often bumpy but increasingly smooth journey to next year 's finals .
They have progressed pretty nicely throughout this tournament , scoring 11 goals while winning all four of their games , and will expect to finish the job against the USA , who they thrashed 3 - 0 in the group stages of this tournament .
The US have already used up enough luck to last four lifetimes , the raggy gits worked two miracles in this tournament ; doughty and admirable as they are , it is hard to see lightning striking thrice .
Team news Brazil are unchanged , which means no place for Dani Alves , who came off the bench to score the last - minute winner against South Africa in the semi-final , while the US make one change : Benny Feilhaber replaces the suspended Mark Michael Bradley .
USA ( 4 - 4 -2 ) Howard ; Spector , DeMerit , Onyewu , Bocanegra ; Dempsey , Clark , Feilhaber , Donovan ; Davies , Altidore .
Subs : Guzan , Bornstein , Califf , Wynne , Pearce , Beasley , Kljestan , Adu ,
Torres , Bradley , Casey , Robles .
Brazil ( 4 - 2 - 3 - 1. Ish ) Julio Cesar ; Maicon , Lucio , Luisao , Andre Santos ; Gilberto Silva , Felipe Melo ; Ramires , Kaka , Robinho ; Luis Fabiano .
Subs : Victor , Juan , Kleber , Dani Alves , Miranda , Josue , Julio Baptista , Elano , Kleberson , Alexandre Pato , Nilmar , Gomes .
Referee Martin Hansson ( Sweden )
A whistlestop tour through the rich history of Brazil v the US It 's all about this , really , is n't it ?
Wonder if Kevin Keegan still thinks Leonardo was unlucky to get a red card .
I 'd say he was lucky not to get a red jumpsuit .
Ever wonder what might have been , where it all went wrong ?
Not so much in terms of , you know , your entire adult life , but specifically this tournament : Spain v Brazil would have been a classic .
" That 's the Kleberson on the Brazil bench ? " sniffs Gary Naylor .
" It ca n't be , can it ? " Yep , and that 's Mirandinha and Roque Junior next to him .
I actually think Kleberson gets a raw deal in terms of what achieved at Old Trafford .
He was ultimately a flop , but for a period in the winter of 2003 - 04 he was playing quite splendidly on the right - hand side of midfield in a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 formation .
Circumstances conspired against him , but he did not hide and the quality of his technique was always apparent .
Certainly he does not , in my opinion , deserve to be bracketed alongside some of the disastrous signings made by Sir Alex Ferguson in that peculiar summer of 2003 , namely Eric Djemba - Djemba and David Bellion .
" Any chance of you doing some " live " chalkboards ? " says Jim Harris .
" That would be cool . "
There is more chance of me zestily taking a rusty hacksaw to my babymaker than doing some live chalkbo I would absolutely love to do live chalkboards , Jim , but sadly we only have the facility for Premier League games .
Sunday - night football
It 's pretty great , is n't it ?
A nice novelty , like being allowed to stay up to watch The Bill when you were a kid .
Who knew that June Ackland would have such an influence on pop music in 2009 ?
Interestingly ( ish ) , the two team graphics on the TV both showed lopsided formations .
I 've never seen that on a TV graphic before , even though many formations have not been balanced down the years ( Brazil 82 spring to mind ) .
Maybe there is now a wider acceptance that a formation does n't need to be balanced .
Anyone who has lost years of their life to Championship Manager or Football Manager has always known this , of course .
1 min Brazil kick off from right to left .
Let 's do this .
2 min " Good to see that after four ( five ? six ? ) years of live blogging you 've found the strike - through function , " says James Andrews .
" Can we expect new innovations such as linking and spell check in the years to come ?
Nirvana awaits . "
3 min Clint Dempsey has a pop from 25 yards .
Miles wide .
4 min " Aside from 1970 and 1982 ( and I know that 's excluding a lot ) , when was the last time Brazil played samba football ? " wonders Gary Naylor .
" Strikes me that most Brazilian teams play Christopher Samba football - functional , but not as glamorous as the shirts and the iconography would have you believe . "
I 'd include 1986 in that , and maybe 2002 .
I wonder whether , as with the less brilliant Coen Brothers films , we are only judging Brazil by their stratospheric standards .
Even allowing for the fact that it was a desperately poor tournament , if any other side had won as Brazil did in 2002 , there would n't have been a solitary criticism of their style .
5 min
It 's been a scruffy start , which suits the US , and if anything they 've had more of the ball so far .
7 min Kaka , ahead of the near post , gets a surprisingly free header from a corner , but he can't enough of it and plants it wide of that near post .
GOAL !
Brazil 0 - 1 USA ( Dempsey 10 ) Oh my .
A lovely curving cross from a very deep position by the right - back Spector finds Dempsey , 10 yards out , and he tucks a very adroit , side - footed volley across goal and beyond Julio Cesar .
That 's a superb goal , and should liven things up nicely after a frankly tedious start .
13 min Robinho , on the left edge of the box after being found by Kaka , tries to pass it low into the far corner , but Howard plunges to fumble it wide for a corner .
14 min " I do n't suppose you can use the strike - through function to shut that fugging buzzing noise off from the stadium that is giving me tinnitus , " says Ian Copestake .
" Unless I just have tinnitus . "
Those instruments will surely go down well with the thousands of Englishmen nursing force - 12 hangovers in South Africa next year .
15 min After Brazil make a dog's breakfast of clearing a right - wing corner , an off - balance Dempsey volleys into orbit from six yards .
It was n't really a chance as he was basically upside - down when he went for it .
16 min
The US know how to squeeze the eye of the needle even tighter .
When Kaka came infield 18 yards out , they were seven players waiting for him , and his shot was blocked .
17 min " Hey Rob , " begins Chelsea Rentz .
" Jesus , could you guys of the British press at least PRETEND to be excited about the US ?
Sure we 've had our share of luck , but we have our share of talent as well .
That Deuce Dempsey who just scored to put us 1 - 0 up also scored the goals that saved Fulham 's ass from relegation two years running .
And Tim Howard has been Everton 's savior for years .
So a little respect would not kill the British press .
Hopefully we get to face England in the World Cup and party like its 1950 all over again . "
How excited do you want me to be ?
I 'm typing while doing handstands and high - fiving anyone I pass .
To show just how excited I am , I might even treat myself to a few exclamation marks !!!!!
How about a LOL ?!
A ZOMG ?!!!!
19 min I do n't know what 's more exasperating : the noise coming out of those instruments , or the noise coming out of the BBC co-commentator Mark Bright 's mouth .
He 's so boring that in 2007 - no word of a lie - the BBC cut to a flight simulator while he was rambling on about what day itr was or some such .
20 min Bocanegra is justly booked for putting his arms round Kaka and refusing to let him go .
I have n't seen such a tense , uncompromising embrace since they stopped doing 1.45 am slow songs in nightclubs .
21 min " So that 's West Ham squad player Jonathan Spector providing the assist to Fulham 's Clint Dempsey scoring against Brazil , " says Gary Naylor .
" These mid-ranking Premier League teams must be better than they look .
And what 's Paul Nixon doing managing the USA ? "
For our American readers , that last bit was a cricket joke .
Do n't get me started on cricket .
22 min Brazil have their most coherent spell of possession , but then Ramires punts an aimless cross wide .
23 min Do n't presume that the US are happily sitting on a 1 - 0 lead .
They are carrying a decent menace on the break , most notably through Jozy Altidore , who looks like a horrible bugger to defend against .
But what the US are doing well is getting their midfielders back very quickly and very tight together in front of the back four .
Brazil need to go round the brick wall rather than through it , but the inclination of their main wide player , Robinho , is of course to come infield onto that magical right peg .
25 min " I am an American , but rarely ever root for USA !
USA ! USA ! , " says Damien Neva .
" However , after what they did to Spain I can't help but to support them .
I mean , being a Chelsea fan is usually enough , but how better to piss of the rest of the world ? "
26 min Felipe Melo works
Howard , low to his right , with a good strike from 25 yards .
He is booked seconds later for an apparently harmless challenge on Onyewu .
27 min A good one - two between Kaka and Maicon on the right ends with Maicon Nelinho - ing one towards goal , albeit at the near post .
Howard , who had anticipated a cross , plunged back to his left to tip it wide for a corner .
GOAL !
Brazil 0 - 2 USA ( Donovan 27 ) What a magnificent goal !
From that Brazil corner , the Americans launched a brilliant counter - attack .
They were two - on - two ; Donovan found Davies on the left , and he returned the ball first time to Donovan , now on the edge of the box .
His first touch was delightfully quick - witted , twisting the blood of the last defender Ramires , and with his second he crunched it to the left of Julio Cesar and into the corner .
Brilliant goal .
29 min I have n't seen much of this tournament , but having looked at the scores I presumed Brazil were in decent fettle .
Well today they look a shambles .
Robinho is brilliantly gifted but a disgraceful charlatan , and there is very little quality in their midfield .
And as for the defence ...
32 min " How have Brazil become such a joke defending after they were so solid in beating Argentina 3 - 0 in the Copa America final a couple of years ago ? " asks Gary Naylor .
" Gilberto Silva looks like he needs a mobility allowance and we know that the likes of Robinho and Kaka think tracking back is beneath them , but where are the others ?
South American teams do n't really travel well do they ? "
34 min
This is frankly surreal .
The US are very , very comfortable .
Brazil are stupid enough to keep coming infield and the US keep swallowing them up .
The only real threat has beem Maicon on the right , but his breaks have been few and far between .
35 min That was better from Brazil .
Robinho played a glorious angled pass to the overlapping left - back Andre Santos , on the left corner of the six - yard box .
He sidefooted it towards goal , but Howard was able to beat it away for a corner .
It was an excellent save , but Santos should probably have gone across goal as he was at a prohibitive angle .
36 min Santos is justly booked for pulling down Altidore on the right - hand side .
They can't handle his physical strength at all .
38 min Brazil win a free - kick 30 yards out and make a disgraceful mess of it .
The tee - up to Felipe Melo was overhit , so he then had to pass it further wide to Maicon , whose cross was cleared .
Hopeless .
40 min Jonathan Spector easily deals with Kaka , which is a sentence I never thought I 'd type .
41 min " I am old , " croaks John Santana .
" What is ZOMG ? ! "
Oh I 've no idea , but I 've seen the kids using it and I think it 's a general expression of giddy disbelief .
41 min Robinho tries to surprise Howard with an early , left - footed strike from a tight angle on the left , but Howard leaps to touch it over .
It was a routine save .
43 min " So , will you please fire up the Guardian 's patented Excusometer for Brazil 's poor performance so far ? " says Mike Wilner .
" Best one I can figure is that the Brazilians do n't like playing on a chilly night during the South African winter .
Hmmmm – is n't there going to be a World Cup final next year around this time ?
Oh , and LET'S GO USA USA USA ! "
You lot are extraordinarily graceless winners , are n't you ?
I could n't give a flying fu care less who wins , and am rather enjoying the US 's industrious , streetwise performance .
45 min Apparently Kaka just swung an arm at Feilhaber .
If that 's the case , he 's lucky not to be sent off , even if he did n't connect .
Half time : USA 2 - 0 Brazil
So who predicted that score then ?
The US have quite simply done a number on Brazil .
They have been excellent and astute defensively , and Davies and Altidore have carried a genuine , if occasionally haphazard , menace on the break .
Both goals were of an extremely high quality , and there is no doubt that USA deserve to be ahead .
Brazil are a shower , but they 've been made to look like a shower .
Half - time chit-chat
" Though gobsmacked at the sheer incompetence of Brazil , I 'm very impressed with the organisation and athleticism of the USA .
Players at peak fitness , who know what their individual jobs are and how that relates to an over - arching tactical system , all backed up by a good goalkeeper is a recipe that can go a long way in any football tournament - Brian Clough seemed to think so " - Gary Naylor .
" zOMG is a varient of the all - too - popular acronym ' OMG ' , meaning ' Oh My God ' .
The 'z ' was originally a mistake while attempting to hit the shift key
with the left hand , and type ' OMG ' .
Also used in all - caps , ' ZOMG ' is generally used in a sarcastic manner , more often than not a humiliating fasion .
It is also used as a device for stating the obvious : ' zOMG !
you r teh winz !!one !!eleven !' - Ben Jamin .
" Easily the best 45 minutes this team has played in a decade .
It 's often said that a person in trouble needs to hit rock bottom before being able to recover and grow .
Perhaps that 's what happened to this team following the earlier 0 - 3 loss to Brazil .
It does not even remotely look like the same U.S. team .
Unbelievably disciplined on defense , and shockingly comfortable with possession - by American standards , at least .
Hope it lasts " - Chris Grovich .
" Watching the match while sitting next to two men with English accents
in an American pub , and they do n't know squat about football ( I write
about it for a living ) , but because of their accents , the crowd around
them thinks they are lifelong scholars of the game .
Sad. Sent from my Nokia circa 1997 " - Kim Newsome
[ Writing about football is n't necessarily indicative of knowing squat about football , as readers of this MBM will realise ]
Garth Crooks has just said " Brazil are in possession , yeah ? "
He 's turned into Nathan Barley !
This is brilliant .
No doubt at the end of the game he's be saying the US are " going dark " , hailing their " colossally concentrated amounts of defending " and signing off by saying " futures Gabby " .
46 min The US kick off from right to left .
GOAL !
Brazil 1 - 2 USA ( Luis Fabiano 46 )
It took just 39 seconds for Brazil to get back into the match .
It was a very good goal , too : Maicon on the right fed the ball into Luis Fabiano on the edge of the box , back to goal , and he took a touch before swivelling to strike it instantly , through the legs of DeMerit and past Howard into the corner .
Another excellent finish .
48 min " Would losing to the US actually be seen as worse than losing to Argentina back in Brazil ? " asks Alex Keenan .
I suspect we 'll never know .
49 min
The US need to hold their nerve tactically , and keep two men up for the counter - attacks .
If they just sit in and try to hold on to this lead , it 'll only go one way .
51 min
The goal has n't , as you might have expected , precipitated an onslaught from Brazil .
In fact the US have just had a decent 90 seconds of attacking .
90 seconds !
53 min
The US break four - on - four , but first Davies and then Dempsey pick the wrong ball and Brazil clear the not inconsiderable danger .
54 min Brazil get a free - kick 30 yards out .
This time they at least manage to collectively process that a shot at goal is a decent idea in such situtations , but Lucio 's scuffed low strike hits the wall .
The US are ... not exactly comfortable , but still defending very well .
57 min I may well , incidentally , have described ' Michael Bradley ' as ' Mark Bradley ' when detailing the team news .
Mea bad .
58 min
An excellent save from Howard , his best yet .
A deep corner from the left found Lucio , beyond the far post , and he thumped his header goalwards , but Howard leapt to his right to beat it away .
Gilberto Silva , off balance and aged 77 , belted the rebound over the bar .
59 min " Is anyone else more impressed with international football as played by national teams compared to that played by club teams ( in the Champions League for example ) ? " wonders Gary Naylor .
" I know there 's an argument that the CL has all the best players and that national teams are essentially scratch sides , so little time is available to their coaches , but I prefer the slightly looser style of national teams compared to the antiseptic , bloodless efficiency of many CL teams . "
60 min Brazil score , but it 's not given !
A devastating cross from Andre Santos on the left found Kaka , beyond the far post .
He headed it down and , as it bounced back up , the retreating Howard punched it onto the bar and away .
Brazil thought it had crossed the line before Howard punched it - and replays show they were right .
That was a goal , basically .
The only thing I would say in the linesman 's defence is that at the time it did n't appear to be over the line .
63 min " The Brasil goalie is wearing way to much clothing , " announces Millie Savard .
" I do n't care who you are you wear long pants at a football game , you 're a [ word that has a softer meaning in America than it does over here , so I 'd better not print it ] . "
64 min
It 's coming .
Brazil are all over the Americans like a cheap rash now .
And the reason they are causing so many problems is that they have stopped trying to go through the brick wall and are now going around it , fizzing in a stream of extremely dangerous crosses from both wings .
65 min Donovan forces a rudimentary save from Cesar , low to his right , with a decent 20 - yard shot .
66 min Julio Cesar makes another save , this time from Dempsey , who tried to bend one towards the far corner from 20 yards .
It was fairly central , but Cesar went for the spectacular save , beating it away two - handed .
67 min A double Brazil substitution : Elano and Dani Alves on for Ramires and Andre Santos .
Both are direct swaps .
68 min " Kaka seems finally to have woken up and is playing some clever angles , " says Ian Copestake .
" Can I have Garth Crooks 's job ? "
You do n't have his charisma .
And you can ask a question in under 74 hours .
70 min Lucio is booked for dissent .
71 min " I agree with Naylor 's sentiment but not with the diagnosis , " says David Wall .
" It seems to me that this tournament has shown how effective tactics can be , highlighting the importance of a good coach with plans .
How else to explain the USA 's success against Spain and in this game so far , and SA 's resistance against Brazil in the semi-final .
As a fan of Jonathan Wilson ( rather than Harry Redknapp ) i'm all in favour . "
Redknapp is better looking than Wilson , though .
72 min Another lovely save from Howard .
Fabiano broke clear onto a subtle through pass from the inside - right position , but Howard was out to him like a shot on the edge of the box and smothered Fabiano 's attempt to lift the ball over him .
As he lay on the floor , cradling the ball , he screamed at Onweyu for playing Fabiano onside .
Great stuff .
73 min Davies so nearly slaloms through the Brazil defence .
Only the studs of the last man Lucio stopped him looking into the whites of Julio Cesar 's eyes .
GOAL !
Brazil 2 - 2 USA ( Luis Fabiano 74 )
It had to come .
The US defence have been playing from memory for the last 10 minutes , and Kaka was able to run the tiring Spector a little too easily down the left of the box before passing the ball invitingly across the face of goal .
Robinho missed a sitter , shinning it onto the bar from six yards , but Fabiano was on hand to head the rebound past Howard from a couple of yards .
75 min The US make a double substitution : Altidore and Feilhaber off , Bornstein and Kljestan on .
76 min " I was wondering , " begins Liben K . " Why are some of the Brazilians wearing turtlenecks or whatever that thing Dani Alves and Julio Cesar have around their necks ?
Is it cold down there ? "
I have no idea , being in an office in London , but I 'll be sure to ask Guardian fashion expert Hadley Freeman about any possible new football fashion trends should I bump into her by the free coffee machine . "
77 min Brazil should be getting this wide at every opportunity , because the US simply can't handle it .
The quality of the Brazilian crossing - and there has been loads of it in this half - has been mixed , but the good ones have been sensational , hit with vicious dip and swerve .
79 min Brazil are having all the possession now , and you have to feel that they will win this by the end of the 90 minutes .
The US have been heroic , but they look spent .
81 min Bornstein blasts wide from 25 yards .
The US still look reasonably menacing on the break , and attack might well be their best form of etc .
83 min Davies goes down in the box under a challenge from Luisao .
There did n't seem to anything in it , and the referee was n't interested .
84 min Maicon stabs the ball into Fabiano , who turns DeMerit brilliantly to create a shooting chance , but DeMerit somehow makes up the ground to concede a corner .
GOAL !
Brazil 3 - 2 USA ( Lucio 84 )
It was only a temporary reprieve for the US .
The corner was hammered to the far post by Elano and the captain Lucio , who had escaped his marker Dempsey , planted a firm header past Howard and in off the unprotected post .
Anyone who doubts the importance of the Confederations Cup should see Brazil 's celebrations .
Lucio is seriously on the brink of tears .
Elano is on his knees , pumping both fists like a man who has just heard they are recommissioning Murder , She Wrote .
They are going mental .
86 min " Shame on Brazil 's doubters , " says Gary Naylor .
" Good job I was n't one of them . "
87 min
The US have nothing left to give and Brazil are almost goading them with a prolonged spell of possession .
There will be no late stings here , I 'm afraid .
88 min The US bring on Conor Casey , a forward , for Ricardo Clark , a midfielder .
88 min 20 sec
That was a big , big chance for the USA .
Donovan curled in a very good corner , but Onyewu thumped his header over from eight yards .
He was under a fair amount of pressure , but he got a firm connection on it and will feel he should have done better .
90 min
There will be three minutes of added time .
Full time : Brazil 3 - 2 USA Brazil retain the Confederations Cup after a fantastic final .
The US were deservedly ahead 2 - 0 at half - time , but Brazil overwhelmed them with an exhilarating second - half performance .
They were let off the leash by the match situation , and they were magnificent .
I 'm not sure if it tells us anything about what might happen when the real business starts in a year 's time , but it was bloody good fun .
Fans of the film ' Go ' might be sniffy about Confederated Products , but this Confederations Cup has been a gem .
Thanks for your emails .
Night .
The decision has made legal history The Court of Appeal has ruled that a criminal trial can take place at Crown Court without a jury for the first time in England and Wales .
The Lord Chief Justice , Lord Judge , made legal history by agreeing to allow the trial to be heard by a judge alone .
It is the first time the power has been used since it came into force in 2007 .
The case concerns four men accused of an armed robbery at Heathrow Airport in 2004 .
The judge said jury " tampering " was a " very significant " danger .
Lord Judge told the court the cost of the measures needed to protect jurors from potential influence , such as the services of police officers , was too high and that such measures may not properly insulate them .
For example , they " did not sufficiently address the potential problem of interference with jurors through their families , " Lord Judge said .
' Cash unrecovered '
In addition , it would be " totally unfair " to impose such " additional burdens " on individual jurors , he continued .
The Lord Chief Justice said the trial of the four men - John Twomey , 61 , Barry Hibberd , 41 , Peter Blake , 56 , and Glen Cameron , 49 , who are all standing trial for robbery - would " take place without a jury in due course " .
Lord Judge , sitting with Lord Justice Goldring and Mr Justice McCombe , explained the case , which had been brought to trial three previous times , concerned " very serious criminal activity " .
Where [ trial without jury ] arises the judge assimilates all the functions of the jury with his own unchanged judicial responsibilities
Lord Judge
It included possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life , possession of a firearm with intent to commit robbery and conspiracy to rob , he said .
" The objective of the robbery was something in the region of £ 10 m in sterling and mixed foreign currency , " he told the court .
But , he went on , the actual proceeds amounted to £ 1.75 m and remain largely unrecovered .
Lord Judge described trial by jury as a " hallowed principle " of British justice , but said the Criminal Justice Act 2003 did allow a trial to be heard by a judge alone in certain circumstances .
" Where it arises the judge assimilates all the functions of the jury with his own unchanged judicial responsibilities , " he said .
" This function , although new in the context of trial on indictment , is well known in the ordinary operation of the criminal justice system and is exercised for example by district judges [ magistrates ' courts ] in less serious , summary cases . "
This is a dangerous precedent
Isabella Sankey , Liberty A Crown Prosecution Service spokesman said : " Rather than the case not proceeding at all this decision enables these defendants , who we allege are involved in serious criminal activity , to be tried and brought to justice . "
But Liberty director of policy Isabella Sankey said : " This is a dangerous precedent .
" The right to jury trial is n't just a hallowed principle but a practice that ensures that one class of people do n't sit in judgement over another and the public have confidence in an open and representative justice system .
" What signal do we send to witnesses if the police can't even protect juries ? "
The decision by Lord Judge has made legal history
The new trial will be the first Crown Court case in England and Wales to be heard by a judge alone using powers under Sections 44 and 46 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 , which came into force in July 2007 .
It allows for a trial without a jury when there is evidence of " a real and present danger that jury tampering would take place " and where additional measures to prevent it would not fully succeed .
No -jury trials are a more regular feature of justice elsewhere in the UK .
Diplock courts have been used in Northern Ireland since 1973 to combat jury intimidation by paramilitary groups .
And some criminal cases in Scotland are heard by a sheriff in the Sheriff Court or by a bench of one or more lay justices in the District Court .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread [ / bin/sh ]
Tweet Tweet .... hax hax ....
From : Mikeyy Mooney < iammikeyy ( ) gmail com >
Date : Thu , 16 Apr 2009 21:26:52 - 0500
Last night , Twitter was in a state in panic over a ‘ worm ’ that had exploited the site .
Unlike previous bugs which required you click a link of some sort , users could be affected by simply visiting someone else ’s profile .
...... “ I am the person who coded the XSS which then acted as a worm when it auto updated a users profile and status , which then infected other users who viewed their profile .
I did this out of boredom , to be honest ......
http://www.bnonews.com/news/242.html
This is what happens to media whores ....
http://red247.net/rawr.sql.gz
http://red247.net/stalk.tar.gz
# ###### ### # # # ##### # # # # # # ## # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # ###### # # # # # ##### ####### # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # ## # # # # # # ###### ### # # # ##### # #
We dont give a FUCK !
haxyou ?
haxed you !
[ root@server : ~ ] # uname -a Linux server.michangelomooney.com 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen # 1 SMP Tue Dec 16 13:08:49 EST 2008 i686 i686 i386 GNU / Linux [ root@server : ~ ] # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=0 ( root ) , 1( bin ) , 2( daemon ) , 3( sys ) , 4 ( adm ) , 6( disk ) , 10 ( wheel ) [ root@server : ~ ] # uptime 19:10:42 up 1 day , 23:02 , 1 user , load average : 0.08 , 0.03 , 0.01 [ root@server : ~ ] # last - a -n 50 root pts/0 Thu Apr 16 03:17 - 07:31 ( 04:13 ) adsl-33-96-185.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Tue Apr 14 20:09 - 22:21 ( 02:11 ) adsl-226-179-254.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Tue Apr 14 20:08 ( 1+23:02 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Apr 12 19:00 - crash ( 2+01:08 ) adsl-241-233-242.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sun Apr 12 03:19 - 11:34 ( 08:15 ) adsl-0-3-113.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 15:22 - 19:53 ( 04:30 ) adsl-157-166-46.mob.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 08:27 - 12:44 ( 04:17 ) adsl-226-176-16.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sat Apr 11 08:27 ( 5+10:43 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/1 Sat Apr 11 07:10 - down ( 01:16 ) adsl-226-176-16.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 05:10 - down ( 03:15 ) adsl-226-164-132.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 05:09 - 05:09 ( 00:00 ) adsl-226-164-132.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/2 Sat Apr 11 04:45 - 07:08 ( 02:23 ) adsl-81-241-250.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/1 Sat Apr 11 02:50 - 06:20 ( 03:29 ) adsl-153-178-59.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 02:35 - 04:50 ( 02:14 ) adsl-226-161-65.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sat Apr 11 02:33 ( 05:52 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sat Apr 11 02:14 - down ( 00:17 ) adsl-226-161-65.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/1 Fri Apr 10 18:15 - 21:08 ( 02:53 ) adsl-81-241-247.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Fri Apr 10 16:59 - 19:50 ( 02:50 ) adsl-157-189-158.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Thu Apr 9 09:40 - 11:17 ( 1+01:37 ) adsl-0-59-240.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Thu Apr 9 09:36 ( 1+16:55 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/1 Thu Apr 9 09:36 - down ( 00:00 ) adsl-0-59-240.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Thu Apr 9 08:37 - down ( 00 : 58 ) 64.38.10.126 root pts/0 Thu Apr 9 08:27 - 08:34 ( 00:07 ) 64.38.10.126 root pts/0 Thu Mar 26 13:56 - 16:32 ( 02:35 ) adsl-0-62-34.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Thu Mar 26 13:50 ( 13+19:45 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Thu Mar 26 13:31 - down ( 00:18 ) adsl-0-62-34.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Thu Mar 26 13:29 - 13:31 ( 00:01 ) adsl-0-62-34.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Thu Mar 26 01:06 ( 12:43 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen reboot system boot Thu Mar 26 01:05 ( 00:00 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen reboot system boot Wed Mar 25 23:40 ( 01:24 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Wed Mar 25 17:40 - 17:45 ( 00:04 ) adsl-81-241-57.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Wed Mar 25 15:33 ( 08:04 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Wed Mar 25 15:32 - down ( 00:00 ) adsl-0-11-165.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sun Mar 22 15:22 - 15:24 ( 00:02 ) adsl-226-161-241.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sun Mar 22 15:22 ( 3+00:10 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Mar 22 15:22 - down ( 00:00 ) adsl-226-161-241.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/1 Mon Mar 16 07:07 - 09:18 ( 02:11 ) adsl-226-164-85.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 20:57 - 09:14 ( 12:16 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sun Mar 15 20:57 ( 6+18:24 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 20:07 - down ( 00:49 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sun Mar 15 20:06 ( 00:50 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 19:55 - down ( 00:10 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 18:14 - 19:55 ( 01:40 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sun Mar 15 18:14 ( 01:50 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 18:11 - 18:13 ( 00:01 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net reboot system boot Sun Mar 15 18:10 ( 00:02 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen reboot system boot Sun Mar 15 18:07 ( 00:02 ) 2.6.18-92.1.22.el5xen root pts/0 Sun Mar 15 16:46 - down ( 01:18 ) adsl-0-35-215.shv.bellsouth.net wtmp begins Fri Dec 12 09:44:12 2008 [ root@server :~ ] # [ root@server : ~ ] # cat /etc/ shadow root : $1$vbgRI2SD$35soh7sTSvmF2CvhMxDnx1:14318:0:99999:7 : : : [...] empire : $ 1$ P7 jZo_6Z$7B9IaZQ8r2ya8s8dQ8dRN.:14226:0:99999:7 : :: mich : $ 1$jH8gZTdo$3VUMEOJJxbh4G4j1f2LbA1:14318:0:99999:7 : :: haxyou :$ 1$ 3PMsuVy8$1t13OlJXjdymccx1wQN9S.:14318:0:99999:7 : :: stalk : $ 1$8nQkUvgw$fNA.mhN2c/3u07j7NjQUe/:14325:0:99999:7 : :: [ root@server : ~ ] # ls /root apache - ant - 1.7.1 cpanel3 - skel public_html red5-0.6.3.tar.gz red5-0.6.3.tar.gz.1.1 tmp wget - log apache - ant - 1.7.1-bin.tar.gz public_ftp red5 red5-0.6.3.tar.gz.1 rpmforge-release-0.3.6-1.el4.rf.i386.rpm twitter.php [ root@server : ~ ] # ls /home MySQL - install cpeasyapache cpins cprubybuild cprubygemsbuild empire haxyou mich stalk [ root@server : ~ ] # [ root@server : ~ ] # ls - R / home / haxyou /home / haxyou : access - logs etc mail public_ftp public_html tmp www /home / haxyou /etc : haxyou.com /home/haxyou/etc/haxyou.com : @pwcache passwd passwd , v quota quota , v shadow shadow , v /home / haxyou/etc/haxyou.com / @pwcache : admin /home / haxyou / mail : cur haxyou.com new tmp /home / haxyou / mail / cur : /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com : admin /home / haxy ou/mail/haxyou.com/admin : courierpop3dsizelist cur maildirsize new tmp /home / haxyou / mail/haxyou.com/admin/cur : 1239317095.H546077P26069.server.michangelomooney.com , S=5284:2,S 1239543745.H367892P18399.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2662:2,S 1239356287.H278398P25059.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=71289:2,S 1239543745.H689774P18402.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2679:2,S 1239400896.H383395P26119.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3627:2,S 1239543749.H925814P18561.server.michangelomooney.com ,
S=2627:2,S 1239472879.H13598P14461.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3189:2,S 1239543768.H30469P18579.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2655:2,S 1239520388.H340931P22892.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1357:2,S 1239543770.H475591P18587.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2633:2,S 1239523243.H763352P25617.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1540:2,S 1239543772.H987583P18595.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2767:2,S 1239523273.H11205P25636.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2491:2,S 1239543779.H84304P18602.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2752:2,S 1239529075.H686508P741.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2665:2,S 1239543779.H891895P18606.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2646:2,S 1239542163.H294408P16090.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=2628:2,S 1239543818.H225156P18635.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2626:2,S 1239542404.H278351P16458.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2750:2,S 1239543822.H175800P18641.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2646:2,S 1239542677.H990418P16911.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2644:2,S 1239543887.H635446P18704.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2606:2,S 1239542988.H837273P17387.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2719:2,S 1239543986.H4214P18815.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2688:2,S 1239543163.H959407P17671.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2643:2,S 1239760539.H449751P4511.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=4450:2,S 1239543254.H657156P17749.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2632:2,S 1239761775.H917250P5598.server.michangelomooney.com , S=11077:2,S 1239543697.H222257P18349.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2769:2,S 1239769780.H338562P12654.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3068:2,S 1239543701.H769905P18360.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2627:2,S 1239776536.H31188P18960.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1816:2,S 1239543715.H589060P18373.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2623:2,S 1239817577.H329819P2766.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=12963:2,S 1239543724.H559639P18380.server.michangelomooney.com ,
S=2620:2,S 1239822112.H726336P6839.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2775:2,S 1239543728.H879744P18385.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3189:2,S 1239876516.H341829P19621.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=19166:2,S 1239543731.H467687P18389.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2610:2,S 1239876762.H133367P19820.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=4347:2,S 1239543739.H699313P18393.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2661:2,S 1239877107.H740420P20051.server.michangelomooney.com , S=1591:2,S /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com/admin/new : /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com/admin/tmp : /home/haxyou/mail/new : /home/haxyou/mail/tmp : /home/haxyou/public_ftp : incoming /home / haxyou / public_ftp/incoming : /home/haxyou/public_html : /home / haxyou /tmp : analog awstats cpbandwidth webalizer webalizerftp / home / haxyou / tmp/analog : 3.html browrep.png cache dir.png org.png redirref.png req.png size.png 4.html browsum.png code.png failref.png os.png refsite.png searchw.png type.png /home/haxyou/tmp/awstats : /home/haxyou/tmp/cpbandwidth : haxyou.com - bytes_log /home/haxyou/tmp/webalizer : ctry_usage_200903.png daily_usage_200903.png dns_cache.db hourly_usage_200904.png usage.png usage_200904.html webalizer.hist ctry_usage_200904.png daily_usage_200904.png hourly_usage_200903.png index.html usage_200903.html webalizer.current /home/haxyou/tmp/webalizerftp : ctry_usage_200903.png daily_usage_200903.png dns_cache.db hourly_usage_200904.png usage.png usage_200904.html webalizer.hist ctry_usage_200904.png daily_usage_200904.png hourly_usage_200903.png index.html usage_200903.html webalizer.current [ root@server :~ ] # [ root@server : ~ ] # ls - R / home / haxyou /home / haxyou : access - logs etc mail public_ftp public_html tmp www /home / haxyou /etc : haxyou.com /home/haxyou/etc/haxyou.com : @pwcache passwd passwd , v quota quota , v shadow shadow , v /home / haxyou/etc/haxyou.com / @pwcache : admin /home / haxyou / mail : cur haxyou.com new tmp /home / haxyou / mail / cur : /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com : admin /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com / admin : courierpop3dsizelist cur maildirsize new tmp /home / haxyou / mail/haxyou.com/admin/cur : 1239317095.H546077P26069.server.michangelomooney.com , S=5284:2,S 1239543745.H367892P18399.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2662:2,S 1239356287.H278398P25059.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=71289:2,S 1239543745.H689774P18402.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2679:2,S 1239400896.H383395P26119.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3627:2,S 1239543749.H925814P18561.server.michangelomooney.com ,
S=2627:2,S 1239472879.H13598P14461.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3189:2,S 1239543768.H30469P18579.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2655:2,S 1239520388.H340931P22892.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1357:2,S 1239543770.H475591P18587.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2633:2,S 1239523243.H763352P25617.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1540:2,S 1239543772.H987583P18595.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2767:2,S 1239523273.H11205P25636.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2491:2,S 1239543779.H84304P18602.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2752:2,S 1239529075.H686508P741.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2665:2,S 1239543779.H891895P18606.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2646:2,S 1239542163.H294408P16090.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=2628:2,S 1239543818.H225156P18635.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2626:2,S 1239542404.H278351P16458.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2750:2,S 1239543822.H175800P18641.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2646:2,S 1239542677.H990418P16911.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2644:2,S 1239543887.H635446P18704.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2606:2,S 1239542988.H837273P17387.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2719:2,S 1239543986.H4214P18815.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2688:2,S 1239543163.H959407P17671.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2643:2,S 1239760539.H449751P4511.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=4450:2,S 1239543254.H657156P17749.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2632:2,S 1239761775.H917250P5598.server.michangelomooney.com , S=11077:2,S 1239543697.H222257P18349.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2769:2,S 1239769780.H338562P12654.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3068:2,S 1239543701.H769905P18360.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2627:2,S 1239776536.H31188P18960.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=1816:2,S 1239543715.H589060P18373.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2623:2,S 1239817577.H329819P2766.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=12963:2,S 1239543724.H559639P18380.server.michangelomooney.com ,
S=2620:2,S 1239822112.H726336P6839.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2775:2,S 1239543728.H879744P18385.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=3189:2,S 1239876516.H341829P19621.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=19166:2,S 1239543731.H467687P18389.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2610:2,S 1239876762.H133367P19820.server.michangelomooney.com ,S=4347:2,S 1239543739.H699313P18393.server.michangelomooney.com , S=2661:2,S 1239877107.H740420P20051.server.michangelomooney.com , S=1591:2,S /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com/admin/new : /home/haxyou/mail/haxyou.com/admin/tmp : /home/haxyou/mail/new : /home/haxyou/mail/tmp : /home/haxyou/public_ftp : incoming /home / haxyou / public_ftp/incoming : /home/haxyou/public_html : /home / haxyou /tmp : analog awstats cpbandwidth webalizer webalizerftp / home / haxyou / tmp/analog : 3.html browrep.png cache dir.png org.png redirref.png req.png size.png 4.html browsum.png code.png failref.png os.png refsite.png searchw.png type.png /home/haxyou/tmp/awstats : /home/haxyou/tmp/cpbandwidth : haxyou.com - bytes_log /home/haxyou/tmp/webalizer : ctry_usage_200903.png daily_usage_200903.png dns_cache.db hourly_usage_200904.png usage.png usage_200904.html webalizer.hist ctry_usage_200904.png daily_usage_200904.png hourly_usage_200903.png index.html usage_200903.html webalizer.current /home/haxyou/tmp/webalizerftp : ctry_usage_200903.png daily_usage_200903.png dns_cache.db hourly_usage_200904.png usage.png usage_200904.html webalizer.hist ctry_usage_200904.png daily_usage_200904.png hourly_usage_200903.png index.html usage_200903.html webalizer.current [ root@server :~ ] # [ root@server : ~ ] # cd /home / stalk [ root@server:/home/stalk ]# ls access - logs beta etc m mobile public_html tmp www backup - 4.12.2009_19-54-25_stalk.tar.gz cpbackup-exclude.conf img mail public_ftp secure vid [ root@server:/home/stalk ] # cd www [ root@server:/home/stalk/www]# ls activate.php facebook .php inactive .php logout . php register .php templates twitter copy.php videos.php admin favicon.ico include member sms.php test.html updateall.php allinfo.txt flash index.php picture .php stalkers.php test1.html updates.php backup-4.11.2009_20-31-30_stalk.tar.gz forgot_password.php js pictures .php stalking .php test2.html user.php error images login.php privacy .php styles tos.php video.php [ root@server:/home/stalk/www]# ls -R . : activate.php facebook.php inactive .php logout . php register .php templates twitter copy.php videos.php admin favicon.ico include member sms.php test.html updateall.php allinfo.txt flash index.php picture.php stalkers.php test1.html updates.php backup-4.11.2009_20-31-30_stalk.tar.gz forgot_password.php js pictures .php stalking .php test2.html user.php error images login.php privacy .php styles tos.php video.php ./ admin : deactivate -account.php ./error : 404.php ./ flash : index.html player.swf video.flv webcam.swf ./images : arr2.gif bg-nutshell.jpg cal_fastreverse.gif icon-check.gif icon_trash.gif marker.png round-btn.gif background.gif bg-register.gif cal_forward.gif icon-close.gif input.gif mask.png sb-divider.gif bg-actions.gif bg-registration.jpg cal_minus.gif icon-feed.gif input2.gif no-thumb-small.jpg smileys bg-content.gif btn-bg.gif cal_plus.gif icon-newmessage.gif letmein.jpg no-thumb.jpg stalkdaily.png bg-current.jpg button-continue.jpg cal_reverse.gif icon-people.gif livefeed.jpg no_background.gif stalkdaily_logo.png bg-main-content.gif cal.gif faded.png icon-search.gif login.gif pale.png tab.gif bg-main-content.jpg cal_close.gif getyourown.jpg icon-step.gif logo-dash.png rfnetlogo.gif wheel.png bg-main.jpg cal_fastforward.gif go.gif icon_reply.gif logo.png round-btn-hover.gif ./images/smileys : blowkiss.gif cool.gif drool.gif happy.gif huh.gif rofl.gif sleepy.gif squinty.gif tongue.gif confused.gif cry.gif grin.gif heart.png jawdrop.gif sad.gif smile.gif surprised.gif wink.gif ./ include : config.php controller.php functions copy.php functions.php ./js : datetimepicker_css.js farbtastic.js jquery.js settings.js swfobject.js webcam.js ./ member : add-twitter.php dashboard.php delete-upload.php index.php pictures.php settings.php snap-save.php updates.php videos.php calendar.php default.php edit-details.php message.php public.php shutter.mp3 snap.php upload-start.php comment.php delete-comment.php edit.php message_id.php replies.php smileys.php stalk.php upload.php comments.php delete-update.php everyone.php messages.php search.php sms.php unstalk.php uploads.php ./styles : dashboard.css design.css farbtastic.css home.css main.css rfnet.css tab.css terms.css ./ templates : add-twitter.tmp delete.tmp footer-member.tmp header - member1.tmp login.tmp profile.tmp settings.tmp user.tmp comment.tmp design.tmp footer-user.tmp header-user.tmp message.tmp received.tmp stalk.tmp video.tmp dashboard.tmp edit.tmp footer.tmp header-user1.tmp message_id.tmp register.tmp unstalk.tmp delete-comment.tmp edit_details.tmp header-main.tmp header.tmp password.tmp replies.tmp upload.tmp delete-upload.tmp footer-main.tmp header - member.tmp home.tmp picture.tmp sent.tmp upload_start.tmp [ root@server:/home/stalk / www ] # [ root@server : ~ ] # cd /home / stalk [ root@server:/home/stalk ]# ls access - logs beta etc m mobile public_html tmp www backup - 4.12.2009_19-54-25_stalk.tar.gz cpbackup-exclude.conf img mail public_ftp secure vid [ root@server:/home/stalk ] # cd www [ root@server:/home/stalk/www]# ls activate.php facebook .php inactive .php logout . php register .php templates twitter copy.php videos.php admin favicon.ico include member sms.php test.html updateall.php allinfo.txt flash index.php picture.php stalkers.php test1.html updates.php backup-4.11.2009_20-31-30_stalk.tar.gz forgot_password.php js pictures .php stalking .php test2.html user.php error images login.php privacy .php styles tos.php video.php [ root@server:/home/stalk/www]# ls -R . : activate.php facebook.php inactive .php logout . php register .php templates twitter copy.php videos.php admin favicon.ico include member sms.php test.html updateall.php allinfo.txt flash index.php picture.php stalkers.php test1.html updates.php backup-4.11.2009_20-31-30_stalk.tar.gz forgot_password.php js pictures .php stalking .php test2.html user.php error images login.php privacy .php styles tos.php video.php ./ admin : deactivate -account.php ./error : 404.php ./ flash : index.html player.swf video.flv webcam.swf ./images : arr2.gif bg-nutshell.jpg cal_fastreverse.gif icon-check.gif icon_trash.gif marker.png round-btn.gif background.gif bg-register.gif cal_forward.gif icon-close.gif input.gif mask.png sb-divider.gif bg-actions.gif bg-registration.jpg cal_minus.gif icon-feed.gif input2.gif no-thumb-small.jpg smileys bg-content.gif btn-bg.gif cal_plus.gif icon-newmessage.gif letmein.jpg no-thumb.jpg stalkdaily.png bg-current.jpg button-continue.jpg cal_reverse.gif icon-people.gif livefeed.jpg no_background.gif stalkdaily_logo.png bg-main-content.gif cal.gif faded.png icon-search.gif login.gif pale.png tab.gif bg-main-content.jpg cal_close.gif getyourown.jpg icon-step.gif logo-dash.png rfnetlogo.gif wheel.png bg-main.jpg cal_fastforward.gif go.gif icon_reply .gif logo.png round-btn-hover.gif ./images/smileys : blowkiss.gif cool.gif drool.gif happy.gif huh.gif rofl.gif sleepy.gif squinty.gif tongue.gif confused.gif cry.gif grin.gif heart.png jawdrop.gif sad.gif smile.gif surprised.gif wink.gif ./ include : config.php controller.php functions copy.php functions.php ./js : datetimepicker_css.js farbtastic.js jquery.js settings.js swfobject.js webcam.js ./ member : add-twitter.php dashboard.php delete-upload.php index.php pictures.php settings.php snap-save.php updates.php videos.php calendar.php default.php edit-details.php message.php public.php shutter.mp3 snap.php upload-start.php comment.php delete-comment.php edit.php message_id.php replies.php smileys.php stalk.php upload.php comments.php delete-update.php everyone.php messages.php search.php sms.php unstalk.php uploads.php ./styles : dashboard.css design.css farbtastic.css home.css main.css rfnet.css tab.css terms.css ./ templates : add-twitter.tmp delete.tmp footer-member.tmp header - member1.tmp login.tmp profile.tmp settings.tmp user.tmp comment.tmp design.tmp footer-user.tmp header-user.tmp message.tmp received.tmp stalk.tmp video.tmp dashboard.tmp edit.tmp footer.tmp header-user1.tmp message_id.tmp register.tmp unstalk.tmp delete-comment.tmp edit_details.tmp header-main.tmp header.tmp password.tmp replies.tmp upload.tmp delete-upload.tmp footer-main.tmp header - member.tmp home.tmp picture.tmp sent.tmp upload_start.tmp [ root@server:/home/stalk/www ]# [ root@server:/home/stalk/www ]# cat allinfo.txt ================================
DreamHost.com
--------------------------------
Email : mikeyydomain ( ) gmail com Password : 3Vbtf2W9eh ================================
================================
VPSLink iammikeyy ( ) gmail com --------------------------------
Email : iammikeyy ( ) gmail com Password : 7pyd@j98 ================================
================================
MichangeloMooney.com
VPS
--------------------------------
Username : root Password : 5c8sfByd@lLi ================================
WHM michangelomooney.com
--------------------------------
Username : root Password : 5c8sfByd@lLi
--------------------------------
cPanel michangelomooney.com
--------------------------------
Username : mich Password : p58T4948Rlm4
--------------------------------
cPanel haxyou.com
--------------------------------
Username : haxyou Password : C6SP@K!4pZQ7
--------------------------------
cPanel stalkdaily.com
--------------------------------
Username : stalk Password : Kk|wpzNJ1{Iz ================================
================================
Godaddy --------------------------------
Customer # : 21854169 Password : f94l24d5gr ================================
================================
Godaddy --------------------------------
Customer : ryanmonty Password : 6nE9U8V744 ================================
================================
GMail iammikeyy
--------------------------------
Email : iammikeyy ( ) gmail com Password : !5te@!1!
================================
================================
GMail mikeyylolz
---------------------------------
Email : mikeyylolz ( ) gmail com Password : s92dv5755 @ ================================
================================
GMail mikeyydomain
--------------------------------
Email : mikeyydomain ( ) gmail com Password : l6qfrk2a@n ================================
AIM mikeyylolz
--------------------------------
Username : mikeyylolz Password : kql711xu9 i ================================
================================
AIM AhmedShieb
--------------------------------
Username : AhmedShieb Password : j9!e@k!9K@
================================
================================
Skype --------------------------------
Username : iammikeyy Password : 4r!1wm$n77 ================================
================================
Buzznet --------------------------------
Username : Mikeyy Password : @m4!7v@4g6 ================================
================================
Mac.com --------------------------------
Apple ID : iammikeyy ( ) gmail com Password : b8!@258c ================================
================================
GitHub --------------------------------
GitHub : mikeyy Password : q72u@RWeh9Sr8e3 ================================
zkC76q hc2tf4 !@H521$J$6 [ root@server:/home/stalk/etc/stalkdaily.com/@pwcache ]# cat admin passwd : $1$LQc5CR6e$TdpENNsniC.ySpKAfkTCc0 quota:262144000 digest-ha1:f8179a560175009f635d8127ad3f193f strength:100 lastchanged : 14328 _______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread Current thread : [ / bin/sh ]
Tweet Tweet .... hax hax ....
Mikeyy Mooney ( Apr 16 ) < Possible follow - ups > [ / bin/sh ]
Tweet Tweet .... hax hax ....
Mikeyy Mooney ( Apr 17 )
Mikeyy Mooney ( Apr 16 )
The moment the question is asked , the smiles and jokes we 've been passing between us in our corner of the room quickly fall away .
Around us , the hubbub of 40 men eating and talking only amplifies our silence .
Opposite me , the man called Ian , who I 've known for around a quarter of an hour now , glances down at the bowl of soup in front of him .
" I 've worked all over the world , " he says .
He begins to load his spoon with another mouthful , but that 's as far as he gets .
" Right now , though , I 'm between jobs . "
He raises his head and pushes back his glasses .
I catch his eye as he tries to look between myself and the man sitting next to me .
" You know , just taking some time out for a while . "
It 's early March 2009 .
All over the world recession has taken hold .
The British economy is undergoing what analysts and politicians call " readjustments " .
House prices are falling , unemployment is rising ; the only green shoots to be seen are out here in the countryside – but they 're really just evidence of the impending spring .
Where we are , near the English - Welsh border , just a few miles from Hereford , there is at least the sense that the winter may at last be drawing to a close .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The conversation moves on .
Ian tells us about his Japanese wife , and how if it had n't been for her he might have changed his mind about coming .
The jokes return as we debate which aspect of the next 10 days might be the hardest , whether it will be the enforced silence , the absence of cigarettes and alcohol , or the entirely meat - free diet .
Through the door that divides the building we can hear the higher , faster chatter of our female counterparts ; there are more of them , perhaps as many as 60 , but it occurs to me that they 're probably having exactly the same conversation .
Along from us a small man with a perfectly shaved scalp has overheard our conversation .
He shakes his head .
Those are the easy bits , he tells us .
The hardest is the meditation itself ; that and missing your family .
Realising he 's been before , we listen carefully .
A final briefing comes while we finish our soup .
Each of us must agree to stay for the full 10 days ; leaving early , midway through the training , can be dangerous .
If any of us are n't sure about being here , we can leave now .
I and a few others look quickly about .
No one moves .
" OK then , " says the site manager .
In a short while the course will begin , and with it the Noble Silence that will last until the penultimate day .
Turning back to the table , I and my new friends find ourselves saying our goodbyes .
Next to me , Alexander – a very tall , very thin man with a kind face and grey - flecked eyes – smiles .
I guess he 's about my father 's age , but it 's hard to tell .
A self - confessed City burn - out , he was diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome three years ago .
When he speaks , the words come out in a halting , juddering way , as if they 're reluctant to face the outside world and the ears that will hear them .
" See you after " he says quietly .
By the time we 're allocated our seats in the modern meditation hall , dusk has fallen .
On the other side of the hall the female students take their seats too .
This is as close as we 'll get to them until the course ends ; there 's even a separate entrance for them opposite our own .
Dimmed wall lights lend the huge room an oddly cosy feel .
Up front there are two teachers , one male , one female ; above them hang two suspended television screens .
It is n't clear yet what they 're for .
Together we sit in silence .
There 's to be no further communication between us for 10 days , verbal or otherwise ; as far as possible , we are to think of ourselves as being here alone .
Mobile phones , books – even pens and paper – all these are now locked away , out of reach .
I feel the doubts multiplying in my mind as I glance around .
The question a friend of mine asked less than two days ago returns to me , each word louder and clearer than it was at the time : " Oh no , you 're not going to join a sect , are you ? "
I try to reassure myself , firstly that mankind has been practicing meditation since roughly 3,000BC , and secondly that as an Englishman I 'm supposed to feel like this .
Anything which involves a frank and open examination of how we feel is just so terribly un-British .
It 's no coincidence that in the West even something such as psychoanalysis , which shelters under the official umbrella of being a science , has historically always been more strongly linked to continental Europe and America than the UK .
But this is n't psychoanalysis ; this is Vipassana .
Meaning " to see things as they really are " , it 's the technique the Buddha himself practised – so before Buddhism itself even existed .
Passed on from generation to generation by a chain of devoted teachers , it 's thanks to one of these teachers – a Burmese industrialist called S. N. Goenka – that it's now taught in centres all over the world .
I glance about again and take a breath , and set aside my misgivings as best I can .
****
Set amongst 22 acres of rolling countryside , the centre ( called Dhamma Dipa – " island of dhamma " , dhamma being " the way to liberation " ) is based around an old farmyard .
More recently used as a riding school for children , it was bought and converted in 1991 .
Although Vipassana courses are also held in East Anglia , London and Sussex , Dhamma Dipa is the only dedicated centre in Britain .
In the early days it ran courses for 50 students who sat in a drafty barn rather than in the modern hall they do today ; and now it can take 130 of them .
More than 30 courses are run each year at the centre , most of which last for the standard 10 days – although there are shorter and longer courses for children and students who have been before .
In 2008 around 1,300 people completed courses here ; in the 18 years since Dhamma Dipa opened , approximately 15,000 people , from all walks of life , have passed through its doors .
Perhaps most remarkably , all the courses are completely free .
Although donations are essential to the organisation 's survival , those who attend the courses are only allowed to give money once the 10 days are up – and only then if they want to .
Neither the 89 year - old Mr Goenka , nor his assistants , profits financially at any stage ; aside from those employed to manage the centres , the whole organisation is run by volunteers .
It 's nine o'clock , and according to our schedule , time to call it a day .
We file out of the hall , collecting our shoes and coats on the way .
There are new , purpose - built sleeping quarters , but many , including myself , must share rooms in the old farmhouse or converted stables .
I 'm in what looks like a pigpen with two others : a man about my age from Essex called Anik who deals in foreign property , and a younger guy from Manchester .
" It just feels like the right time , " Anik had told me earlier , when I 'd asked him why he was there .
" I do n't see how it can't be a holiday " said the younger guy .
" We do n't even have to cook for ourselves . "
A gong wakes us at 4 am .
Outside it 's still dark .
There are two hours of meditation before breakfast ; during that time the assistant teachers have to wake a couple of students , a hand gently on their shoulders until their heads rise back into consciousness .
In the half - light the scene is dreamlike , mysterious even : more than 100 people arranged in neat rows , sitting cross-legged on the ground in silence , their eyes shut .
An unseen man chants in a language I do n't recognise , and it's only later that I realise it 's Goenka himself .
The whole course will be taught by him in this way ; the original recordings were made 15 years ago during a course he taught in Massachusetts .
Aside from the chanting and the various terminologies , which are in the ancient language of Pali , he will teach in English ; to ensure consistency these tapes are used the world over , year after year .
The same goes for courses taught in Indian and other languages .
Goenka may in reality be approaching his 90th birthday , but as far as we 're concerned , in the removed world that w e'll inhabit for the next 10 days , he 's fixed in his mid-seventies , his authority as teacher enhanced by his own agelessness .
Day
One is spent focusing the mind by concentrating on our breath ; this is called Anapana .
We must master this before we can practice Vipassana .
We 're instructed to merely observe our breath as it comes and goes , and not to try to control it .
This is the beginning of our training ; to become aware of the reality of each moment to the exclusion of all else .
To do this , we focus on the sensations on and around our nostrils and upper lip .
It 's easier said than done : time and again I realise my concentration has wandered , and I have to begin again .
The first day passes slowly .
After more than 10 hours of Anapana we find out what the televisions are for .
Each evening Goenka holds a discourse – again these are recordings from the USA – during which he expands on the teaching and the technique .
After so many hours of repetitive instruction , I 'm surprised to discover what good company he is : under a neat bonnet of white hair his eyes twinkle with intelligence and humour .
Story follows story , each one a kind of parable to illustrate a point .
Another surprise is his opposition to religion .
Vipassana is a technique designed to deal with the reality of every moment as it happens , he argues , the polar opposite of simply having blind faith in this god or that god , or of practicing empty rituals .
For these 10 days we must put aside any religious beliefs or artefacts .
He tells us how hard we must work .
" Patiently and persistently , " he says again and again , his voice bordering on the hypnotic , " diligently – continuously and scrupulously . "
Then comes a warning .
The second day will be tough ; the mind will rebel at such sudden curtailment .
The sixth day too will be difficult .
He 's right .
It becomes uncomfortable , both physically from so many hours sitting in one position , and mentally from the lack of distractions .
We 're not used to this ; at least I 'm not .
Others clearly are n't either , and during one of the afternoon sessions I notice a space in the hall where Ian should be .
He 's returned to his Japanese wife .
Day
Three is much the same , and then on Day Four we begin to practice Vipassana , systematically moving our attention around our bodies to detect sensations .
" Remain equanimous , " Goenka tells us , " instead of reacting to a particular sensation merely observe it , in the knowledge that – gross or small , pleasant or unpleasant – it will pass . "
This law of impermanence is central to Vipassana .
If we can begin to understand that nothing lasts , not just at the intellectual level but at the experiential level too , we will be less inclined to react to the present moment with either craving or revulsion .
Our minds will become more balanced , and so better able to deal with reality .
Goenka has the useful ability to put things simply .
" The first victim of your negativity is you . "
If we can eradicate that negativity by ceasing to react to and so reinforce its sources , we will eradicate our unhappiness as well .
The experiential level is the difficult part .
Even knowing your back is aching because you 've been in the same position for so long , and that it will ease when that hour 's meditation is up , it 's very hard to remove yourself from the pain and simply observe it .
Even with my eyes shut , I can hear that some of the others too are shifting on their cushions around me .
At one point Alexander moves to a chair at the back of the room ; it 's his spine , I think to myself , it 's too long .
On Day Five someone else disappears , an intense - looking man who I had n't spoken to at the start .
Besides his empty cushion there 's no trace left of him , only the memory of what he looked like .
I 'm disappointed to find myself envying him his freedom .
Each day during the lunch break the teachers are available for one - to - one interviews .
As the Noble Silence only applies between the students , here you can talk freely , be it to raise a problem or ask questions about the technique .
The male teacher is fresh - faced and lightly tanned , with an accent I can't place .
I ask him how it feels to be responsible for those students who are clearly quite lost or damaged souls , people who are searching for answers .
There , too , are the perpetually unemployed , those individuals who I suspect are only too happy to mistake equanimity for a crippling disengagement with life .
" We have all kinds of people attend these courses , " he tells me , " and yes , some of them have experienced difficulties in their lives .
But we 're here to help clarify the technique , nothing more .
We never get involved in anyone 's personal details . "
A few days later , shortly before I leave , we 'll continue this conversation at length .
Born in Bromley , South London , his name is Chris Weeden ; based in Japan where he has a language school , he teaches at centres all over the world .
The only money he receives from the organisation is to cover his expenses .
He tells me about Vipassana 's success in Iran and Lebanon , and about the guiding constitution that Mr Goenka has put together for when he 's gone .
But how did a boy from Bromley become involved in all this in the first place , I ask ?
He laughs .
" Good question .
Well , I went travelling when I was a young man and when I was India I heard about Goenka by chance and went along .
He was n't like the other gurus who were around at that time , many of whom gathered devotees about themselves .
It was just a very practical technique , and at the end , that was it , you left .
You alone were responsible . "
We discuss the suspicion that many people in Britain still have of meditation , and the fact that my roommate Anik lied to every single one of his friends about being here , telling them he was going to Portugal instead .
Perhaps , I suggest , given the uncertainty in the world due to the economic crisis , and the increase in anxiety that 's bound to follow , that view will change – anything that can help will be welcome .
Chris nods .
" I hope it does , if only so that more people can benefit from learning this technique and attain real happiness . "
****
Prolonged and uninterrupted self - observation has an interesting effect .
As intended , knots of unhappiness or disquiet are soon revealed ; if you 're lucky , and if you do n't shy away from them , over the hours and days they can slowly start to loosen , and perhaps even begin to unravel completely .
It 's far from easy though .
As we move around each other , taking our places in the meditation hall or dining room , or brushing our teeth every morning and evening in the bathroom , occasionally I risk eye contact and look into my fellow students ' faces .
Not quite knowing what I expect to see , all I find is introspection ; almost to a man , their gazes are turned inwards .
And although our instructions are to deny imagination in favour of the reality of each moment , the writer in me can't resist the intrigue of all these internal stories unfolding around me .
Already I have nicknames for those students I did n't speak to when we arrived : among them there 's Pyjama Man , E.T. , Crumbs , Mr Mackerel and Anger Management .
But in the end their faces tell me nothing , and I can only wonder at the private battles that are being fought .
In the absence of newspapers or radio or television , you begin to stamp your own mark on your few hours of free time .
Some are obvious , others less so .
Beneath an apple tree that stands in the centre of the old farmyard , each morning a squat , middle - aged man with glasses leaves out crumbs for the house sparrows amongst the purple and yellow crocuses .
In the grass alongside the meditation hall itself , there next to a flowering rosemary bush , a mole pushes up molehill after molehill .
Each day a man with tightly curled hair and who wears loose - knit woollen jumpers takes it upon himself to flatten them out , treading methodically with his feet .
Like several others , I spend my free time walking round and round the designated male exercise area .
No more than a small field next to a plantation of young trees , it 's here that I feel most relaxed .
Perhaps it 's because there are things to see and hear , like the daffodils and trees and the calls of buzzards and ravens overhead ; perhaps it 's because this was where life was continuing as usual , outside of the strange , carefully managed world we 'd all signed up to .
It only occurs to me later that there 's more to it than this .
With the buds on the trees and the lambs in the field opposite , nowhere was the impermanence of things more obvious .
Given my own upbringing on a farm , and the acute sense of the seasons it instilled in me from an early age , perhaps it also explains why I found this particular principle of Vipassana so easy to accept .
It 's the evening of Day Eight when the guy meditating in front of me collapses .
He drops sideways like a felled tree ; I know this because my attention has wandered and my eyes are open .
He looks exhausted , and although it turns out he 's fine , it 's not until the 10th day that I 'm able to ask him about it .
" I just went too far into the pain , " he explains cheerfully .
I discover that he 's soon to qualify as a psychoanalyst ; this is his first Vipassana course but he 's been meditating for years .
So what did he make of it ?
How does it compare ?
He considers the questions carefully before answering .
" It 's the toughest I 've ever done , but it was worth it .
It 's a very pure technique . "
He smiles .
" Yes , definitely worth it , but I wish my back did n't hurt so much . "
He 's not the only one smiling : there 's a general sense of achievement flowing through most of us , the type that comes from completing something difficult that you suspect will benefit you for some time to come .
Some of the students I talk to describe the feeling as having undergone a deep cleansing , a re-evaluation of their priorities , even a rebooting of the system .
It 's odd suddenly to be able to speak to my roommates after so many days of silent cohabitation .
The young guy from Manchester smiles ruefully when I see him .
" Yeah , mate , that was no holiday . "
Anik and I sit on a bench outside the old farmhouse , the paint flaking off onto the ground beneath us .
So was it all he hoped it would be ?
" No question , " he says without a moment 's hesitation .
" I 've been looking for something to help me achieve certain goals , and I think this is it .
I do n't know about the others , but for me this was always about improving myself , about becoming more successful . "
A non-practicing Sikh , he tells me about the comfortable life his father 's sewing machine business afforded him as a child , and about the various martial arts he 's learnt over the years .
It 's only later that night that I discover , almost incidentally , that both his parents died recently .
For some the feeling of elation lasts longer than others .
That afternoon I bump into Alexander in the exercise area ; we fall into step and walk together for a while as we chat .
I was right about his back , and although he feels Vipassana will help him gain some balance he 's just received a message on his mobile that 's made him anxious .
He does n't offer any details and I do n't ask for any , but it seems the real world , to which we return tomorrow , is already leaching in .
A little later I talk to the shaven - headed man who 's been to Dhamma Dipa before ; he too is worried .
His girlfriend phoned earlier to tell him that the venue for their wedding has been double - booked .
The big day is only a fortnight away .
****
The weeks pass .
March turns to April , and the buds on the trees begin to unfurl .
" You know what the first thing I did was when I left ? " says Alexander when we speak on the phone .
" Bought the Financial Times .
I could n't help it .
I had to know what was going on .
I saw a group of six other people from the course at the same service station , and they were all sitting there drinking coffee .
News and caffeine – the cravings return so quickly if you 're not careful . "
I tell him I did much the same thing .
" It 's an enormous challenge to break so many years of conditioning , " he says .
I ask if he 's still meditating ; he is .
" I need to keep practicing it and not sit on my laurels , but it is n't easy .
The more anxious I am the harder it is to do , but then I tell myself I managed 10 days , so ... "
He tells me he read something in the FT about the number of people interested in voluntary work increasing by 100 per cent in the last year .
" Maybe people 's values are beginning to change .
So many of us measured our fulfilment by how much money we had , or what a nice house we owned .
Maybe now , collectively I mean , we 're beginning to realise that it 's not about the quantity of growth but the quality . "
I ask him if he 's talking about financial growth or personal growth .
He does n't answer for a time , as if he thinks it 's a stupid question , and I realise it probably is .
" Both , " he says at last .
" Opting for quality over quantity is going to be a very prevalent factor over the next 10 years .
People want to be fulfilled , they want to be happy .
There 's going to be an expanding market for things like meditation . "
He laughs at his choice of metaphor .
The following morning I 'm woken by rain at the window .
I turn on the radio , and when I hear the Archbishop of Canterbury talking on the Today programme about the need to " examine ourselves with clarity " as we face the changes and challenges presented by the recession , I think what a perfect description that is of meditation .
Above all , I think Alexander might be right .
Wiwa v. Shell has been postponed indefinitely .
As Matador reported on May 6 , the case Wiwa v. Shell was scheduled to be heard in a New York City federal court on May 27 .
The case–almost 15 years in the making –involved Nigerian plaintiffs who suffered human rights and environmental abuses at the hands of Royal Dutch Shell , the mega-oil magnate extracting crude in the Nigerian Ogoniland .
But on May 27 , the case was dismissed , rescheduled for today , June 3 :
Document from Riptide Communications
And then , this afternoon , Judge Kimba Wood decided the trial would be adjourned indefinitely :
Document from Riptide Communications
What do these documents mean ?
Initial unsubstantiated rumors indicated that Shell may have agreed to settle the case out of court by offering financial reparations without ever actually admitting , much less accepting , any responsibility for its role in the deaths of the activist Ken Saro - Wiwa and others , as well as other human rights and environmental violations .
But as of 5:30 PM EST this afternoon , Riptide Communications circulated a press release explaining that Judge Wood actually :
“ … overturned [ a 2008 ] District Court decision dismissing the Wiwa v. Shell plaintiffs ’ claims against Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria , Ltd. ( Shell Nigeria ) , [ which will ] permit the plaintiffs to seek further information to establish Shell Nigeria ’s connections to the United States . ”
Attorneys at the Center for Constitutional Rights declared the decision a victory for the Nigerian plaintiffs , but one has to wonder if the plaintiffs themselves see it that way .
Regardless of the information they obtain to add to the mountain of evidence that already exists to prove
Shell ’s misdeeds , the fact that no future trial date has been scheduled seems to signify not a victory , but rather another disappointing delay in the long wait for justice .
Full Moon Loom has the largest selection of handcrafted Indian textiles to choose from in the USA .
Our Tapestries and Spreads , Table Linens and Curtain Panels are our best selling products offering versatility and affordable creativity in Bohemian home decorating .
Many of our designs come from different regions and cultures in India and are still made using ancient traditions that have been passed down for many generations .
The art of Indian textiles have been enjoyed by many cultures around the world for centuries and remain ever popular today .
These inspired items are a serendipity of designs and color , and meet the individual decorating needs of both men and women , young and old alike .
Be sure to read About our Tapestries and Spreads where we will give you a clear understanding of what an Indian tapestry is , how they are made and the history of tradition behind them .
It is our wish that you will discover and take with you a far greater appreciation for the art of India 's beautiful handcrafted textiles .
You will love the unique quality they add to your home décor .
We also offer a wonderful selection of light items including , Batik art that will delight and enchant you .
Decorative cushion covers that will bring new life to old pillows .
Totes and duffel bags , many which make wonderful eco shopping bags for the conservative .
Scarves and sarongs that speak for themselves in a timeless fashion .
At Full Moon Loom we have something for everyone .
Come inside and explore the extraordinary serendipity of design and color .
Fraudster Bernard Madoff ' to serve 150 years '
Sentence : Bernard Madoff is awaiting his judgment for massive fraud
Prosecutors have demanded fraudster Bernard Madoff should receive a 150 - year jail sentence .
The crooked financier is due to be sentenced tomorrow for swindling investors out of billions of dollars .
A statement issued by the US Attorney ’s office said the 150 - year sentence was ‘ reasonable ’ .
But Mr Madoff ’s defence lawyer wants him to serve just 12 years .
The 71 - year - old American admitted masterminding a massive ‘ Ponzi ’ pyramid scheme that duped thousands of investors .
Madoff , who previously enjoyed a respected , high - profile Wall Street career , pleaded guilty in a New York court in March to 11 charges of fraud , perjury and false reporting .
Most of the missing money has not been located although prosecutors have set about seizing assets such as property and boats .
On Friday night a judge ordered that Madoff must forfeit £ 102 billion .
The Ministerial Committee for Legislation has approved today the “ soft ” version of Israel Beitenu ’s “ Nakba Law ” , aimed at preventing events or ceremonies marking the Palestinian catastrophe of 1948 .
According to the old version of the law , commemorating the Nakba would have become a criminal offense , leading up to three years in prison .
International criticism , as well as doubts over the consequences of trying to uphold such a law , led to the new version , which was presented before the ministerial committee today .
Haaretz reports that
The new bill prohibits funding of activities that reject the existence of the State of Israel as a Jewish state or deny the democratic character of the state .
It also outlaws funding for activities that fall within the definition of armed struggle or terrorist activities – by an enemy state or a terror organization – against Israel .
Additionally , the bill prohibits funding for activities that could harm the honor of the flag , the state or state symbols .
Judging from the public support for both versions of the bill , I believe there is a good chance the new version will become a state law in a matter of a year or so , possibly even less .
One has to understand the political reality in Israel to fully appreciate why this new law is no less than a direct attack on the core principles of the democratic system , and most notably , on the rights of the large Israeli - Palestinian minority .
Basically , to outlaw funds equals to outlaw an activity altogether .
From now on , if an Arab city or village conducts for example a remembrance ceremony for the members of their community that died in 1948 , it will stand the risk of losing all public support for the municipality – something no one , especially the poor Arab population , can afford .
Furthermore , most major conference halls or public arenas accept public funds , one way or the other .
One wonders what would become of courses and lectures in the Israeli universities that are discussing the “ state for all its citizens ” idea .
According to the new bill , they would be outlawed as well .
Technically , if a university conducts even a one time public debate over a book such as “ The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem ” ( by Israeli historian , and now right - wing man , Bennie Morris ) it stands in danger of losing government support , since someone might rise the idea of a Palestinian right of return in such a debate .
Given the fact that all universities and most colleges in Israel are funded by the state , they are not very likely to take that risk .
And even if they do , the fear of the consequences will probably affect the nature of such debates and courses .
It seems that when it comes to the Arabs , Israelis have totally forgotten the meaning of freedom of speech .
It is almost embarrassing to remind that this idea involves the freedom to express opinions that we do n’t agree with , by people we do n’t necessarily like .
The kind of “ freedom of speech ” the Israeli government is now promoting – to the cheers of the ever growing nationalistic crowd – exist in every regime on earth , democratic or not .
Ask any Chinese or Iranian official and he will tell you they have freedom of speech as well , only that some dangerous ideas are currently forbidden .
Is this the model Israelis are looking up to ?
The irony is that this law will enable to revoke government funding from many religious colleges , or “ Yeshivot ” , as well , since they might be seen as holding religious laws superior to state laws .
But this is something that obviously would n’t – and should n’t – happen .
More importantly , this law could serve as a good argument for those supporting the boycott on Israel : since Israel does n’t allow the Palestinians ’ self expression , why should the world allow Israel’s ?
As if only to support this logic , the government has also decided today to prolong the extremely problematic Citizenship and Entry into Israel Temporary Order .
Sean Hannity once again proves that he's the guy who put the 'a ' in moron , this time by pushing the bizarre myth that earlier this week President Obama called the U.S. " a Muslim nation . "
As you can see in the video , President Obama 's actual remarks bear no resemblance whatsoever to Hannity 's false claim .
There was a time when Hannity telling a lie this big was an outrage .
Now , however , it 's just sign # 4,309 of the complete and utter collapse of the conservative movement as a coherent political force .
:::
Video excerpts :
Turnouts of more than 100 % were recorded in at least 30 Iranian towns in last week 's disputed presidential election , opposition sources have claimed .
In the most specific allegations of rigging yet to emerge , the centrist Ayandeh website – which stayed neutral during the campaign – reported that 26 provinces across the country showed participation figures so high they were either hitherto unheard of in democratic elections or in excess of the number of registered electors .
Taft , a town in the central province of Yazd , had a turnout of 141 % , the site said , quoting an unnamed " political expert " .
Kouhrang , in Chahar Mahaal Bakhtiari province , recorded a 132 % turnout while Chadegan , in Isfahan province , had 120 % .
Ayandeh 's source said at least 200 polling stations across Iran recorded participation rates of 95 % or above .
" This is generally considered scientifically impossible because out of every given cohort of 20 voters , there will be at least one who is either ill , out of the country , has recently died or is unable to participate for some other reasons , " the source said .
" It is also unprecedented in the history of Iran and all other democratic countries . "
The claims are impossible to verify , but they are consistent with comments made by a former Iranian interior minister , Ali Akbar Mohtashamipour , who said on Tuesday that 70 polling stations returned more completed ballot papers than the number of locally eligible voters .
Supporters of the defeated reformist candidates , Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi , have complained that their campaigns ' inspectors were refused access to or ejected from polling centres on election day .
Abbas Abdi , a Karoubi supporter who was among the radical students who took over the US embassy in Tehran in 1979 , said some polling stations had run out of ballot papers as early as 10.30 am – even though it is standard procedure to issue each voting centre with more ballots than the number of voters .
After polling times were extended beyond the original 6 pm closing time , other stations refused to provide ballot papers for fear that participation would exceed the number of voters on the register , Abdi told Radio Zamaaneh , a Farsi - language station based in the Netherlands .
This week , a US court will hear a case that I and nine other plaintiffs filed against Royal Dutch Shell for its part in human rights violations committed against some Ogoni families and individuals in Nigeria in 1995 .
For some , the case is already being cast as a bookmark in the struggle for corporate accountability , but to me and the other nine plaintiffs it is all that and more .
Fourteen years ago , Ken Saro - Wiwa predicted that Shell would one day have to account for its actions in Nigeria .
" I repeat , " he wrote in what would have been his final statement to the military tribunal that was to order his execution , " that I and my colleagues are not the only ones on trial .
Shell is here on trial ... the company has , indeed , ducked this particular trial , but its day will surely come ... there is no doubt in my mind that the ecological war that the company has waged in the delta will be called to question sooner than later and the crimes of that war be duly punished .
The crime of the company 's dirty wars against the Ogoni people will also be punished . "
My father was prevented from making his final statement to the court and he and eight of his colleagues were tried and executed for their alleged role in the harrowing murders of four Ogoni chiefs including his brother - in - law .
The murders divided my family and set Ogoni against Ogoni , providing a convenient excuse for the military regime to arrest my father , detain and torture scores of innocent men and send in a military taskforce whose leader publicly vowed to " sanitise " Ogoni so that Shell could drill oil in my community .
Ken Saro - Wiwa 's real " crime " was his audacity to sensitise local and global public opinion to the ecological and human rights abuses perpetrated by Shell and a ruthless military dictatorship against the Ogoni people .
The success of his campaign had mobilised our community to say " No to Shell " and to demand compensation for years of oil spills that had polluted our farms , streams and water sources .
My father called the world 's attention to the gas flares that had been pumping toxic fumes into the Earth 's atmosphere for up to 24 hours a day since oil was discovered on our lands in 1958 .
He accused Shell of double standards , of racism and asked why a company that was rightly proud of its efforts to preserve the environment in the west would deny the Ogoni the same .
In response to his campaign , Shell armed , financed and otherwise colluded with the Nigerian military regime to repress the non-violent movement , leading to the torture and shootings of Ogoni people as well as massive raids and the destruction of Ogoni villages .
In an infamous memo , Colonel Paul Okuntimo , the head of the military taskforce sent to pacify Ogoni , boasted that Shell provided the logistics for his soldiers .
In one incident , Shell was building an oil pipeline and requested support from the Nigerian military .
The pipeline destroyed Karalolo Kogbara 's farm and , as she was crying over her lost crops , the soldiers shot her .
In another incident , Uebari N - nah was shot and killed by soldiers near a Shell flow station ; the soldiers were requested by and later compensated by Shell .
A year after the executions , some of the relatives of what has become known as the " Ogoni Nine " filed a federal lawsuit against Shell in a district court in New York .
We felt we would not get a fair hearing in a Nigeria groaning under the very same military dictatorship that had colluded with Shell to violate the human rights of our relatives and our community .
In response Shell , which denied that it encouraged violence against Ken Saro - Wiwa , or other Ogonis , and said it attempted to persuade the Nigerian government to grant clemency to the Ogoni 9 , hired the most expensive legal minds to prevent us from holding them to account for their actions in the US .
Their filibustering brought 13 years of time , four spent arguing over where they should stand trial .
No doubt
Shell will try to present themselves as the victims , whose only interest was to produce hydrocarbons in a " challenging " business environment .
But can you be so sure of Shell ?
This , after all , is a company that , as revealed in an investigation by this paper in January 1996 , lied about importing arms to Nigeria .
And even its own consultants concluded in a 2003 report that its community development schemes were fanning the flames of conflict in the Niger Delta .
Shell declined to publish the results .
Moreover , this is a corporation that was widely reported to have misled investors and shareholders in 2004 about the size of its reserves in places like Nigeria .
For that financial violation , the New York stock exchange moved quickly to protect the rights of shareholders and investors and Shell was fined $ 100 m .
It took less than two years to hold a multinational corporation to account in a US court for financial violations in a foreign jurisdiction .
And yet it has taken 14 years to bring a case to trial against the same multinational corporation in a US court for human rights violations .
All over the globe , people are becoming better informed about the global economy .
People are joining the dots that connect the oil under their farms to the extravagant lifestyles in the west .
You can make these connections via cable television in my village even thought there is no pipe - borne water and the electricity mostly comes from a diesel generator .
There is increasing awareness of the connections between irreversible climate change and our thirst for fossil fuels .
More and more people are now feeling the effects of unregulated corporations .
My father was not against oil exploration and production .
He appreciated many of the benefits of capitalism , valued the " can - do " spirit , the innovation and would never deny the right of anyone to seek adequate reward and fulfilment from their risk and sweat equity .
But can we continue to put profits before people and the planet ?
How do we monitor institutions and organisations that have the capacity to operate and organise themselves beyond the regulation and jurisdiction of the current regimes of global governance ?
Ken Saro - Wiwa always maintained that Shell would eventually come to see him as their greatest friend .
He believed that the day would come when Shell would understand that its social licence to operate is as valuable as its commercial rights .
In a competitive and uncertain world where the price of doing business becomes ever more unpredictable , where more players - Russians , Indians and Chinese - are able to compete for drilling rights , it will become ever more important to win the battle for local hearts and minds to advocate for a world run on mutual benefit rather than exploitation .
For the relatives , the trial remains our last opportunity to close this sad chapter in our lives .
For 12 years , we have all separately developed strategies to survive , living with the anger and the rage that one 's relative was unjustly murdered and that many of the institutions and individuals who were responsible for human rights violations continued not only to get away with murder but also to profit from their crimes .
We have remained dignified while the world has moved on .
Few have ever wondered about the emotional or financial welfare of the victims but real lives , real people were destroyed .
In the face of the provocations and psychological trauma of all this , I have tried to maintain a dignified position , worked assiduously to deny myself the right to grieve in order to find a lasting solution to the challenges of the Ogoni and the Niger Delta in Nigeria .
The day after my father was hanged , I was asked my opinion of Shell and I did n't hesitate to answer that Shell was part of the problem and must be part of the solution .
I have n't changed my opinion .
I am not interested in retributive justice but a justice that is creative , a justice that enables all stakeholders in this affair to account for and learn lessons from the past so that we can all move forward within a constructive and sustainable framework .
We have to remain committed to building the kind of world that ensures that people who live on natural resource - bearing areas are not treated as collateral damage in a senseless race for profit .
With all of its experience in Nigeria , Shell knows that such creative justice is possible and the time for us to move in that direction is at hand .
I am an anarchist and a government employee .
Due to my economic circumstances , I have been forced to accept the only job that will provide me a sufficient opportunity to get my family out of the rapidly deteriorating condition we find ourselves in .
My wife and our children are stuck in a Mexican border town that is plagued by the violence of the war on drugs , at least until we can obtain the necessary visas and funds to move to a place that puts us out of harm ’s way .
It was with their welfare in mind that I reluctantly applied for a job with the U.S. Census Bureau .
My wife and her son from a previous marriage are Mexican nationals .
When we married , I had no idea how difficult it would be to obtain authorization for them to immigrate .
Our ongoing struggle to meet all of the requirements of the Federal government is a story to be told at another time .
That entire process was expensive , time - consuming , and frustrating .
I lost my last job about a year - and - a - half ago .
Since then , I have been doing temporary work while attempting to find more gainful employment .
It 's hard to suppress the panic that comes with the knowledge that my savings have been completely depleted and the people who depend on me have no other means of support .
It was with this in mind that I agreed to take the test for census takers in early December at the employment office near my parent 's home in the American Deep South .
I was searching through job listings at an Internet terminal when I was approached by a friendly , well - dressed black woman who informed me that she was proctoring pre-employment tests for the census bureau that afternoon .
She said I was welcome to take the test .
I took it and did well .
She said that I could expect to hear back from her in a couple of weeks .
More than two months later , I got a phone message asking me to call in for a phone interview .
When I called in , I was apologetically told that my application had been lost .
I did n't know whether to laugh or cry .
The census bureau , whose only job is to collect and organize information about people , had lost my application AFTER they had called me and asked for an interview !
My application was eventually found and I was called back , but my relief at that development ended when I heard the interview questions .
Did I mind asking complete strangers personal questions ?
Would I object to using misleading tactics in order to obtain information ?
Would I agree to use subtle , veiled threats if that became necessary to gather the data ?
Of course the questions were n't worded exactly that way , but it was obvious what they were really asking .
Thus I was faced with a dilemma .
Either I would agree to be a part of this evil , fourth amendment - violating organization , or I would risk letting my family perish in the volcano of violence erupting in northern Mexico .
I report for work next week .
In an attempt to at least partially atone for the deal I have made with the devil , I intend to fully document all of the evil I will participate in as a census taker .
If the incompetence and malevolence I experience in the future is anywhere near as disturbing as I suspect , it should make for interesting reading .
March 4 , 2009
The Best of Mr. X
The very first spy images of the upcoming Ferrari F450 are now circulating the internet .
Rumors of a 500 + HP 4.5 - liter V8 up under the new skin puts the F450 above the F430 Scuderia which we all know to be a serious car on the track .
Photographers have caught this new horse rolling around town recently .
The new successor to the Ferrari F430 sports more Enzo-ish roof - line cues and a bubbled - out top .
The new F450 will undoubtedly be a sure - footed performer to add to Ferrari ’s stable .
Enjoy the Spy images below !
Sodium salts point to subsurface ocean on Enceladus
25 June 2009
CDA measurements
The E ring is the largest of Saturn 's rings , extending from about 180 000 kilometres to about 2 000 000 kilometres out from Saturn 's centre .
It is a diffuse ring comprising mostly micron - sized water ice particles .
The main source of these particles is considered to be the south polar plumes of the cryo-volcanically active moon Enceladus .
The plumes of material originate from vents in the moon 's surface ice .
Enceladus orbits Saturn within the E ring at an average distance of 283 000 kilometres from the planet and its orbit coincides with the densest and brightest part of the E ring [ Figure 1 ] .
During Cassini's tour in the Saturnian system the CDA has taken thousands of in - situ mass spectra of the particles present in Saturn 's E ring .
These spectra reveal the different constituents of an ice particle based on the mass of ions which form after a hyper velocity impact ( ~10 kms - 1 ) of the particle onto the instrument .
Postberg and colleagues have analysed the CDA mass spectra and distinguish three main types based on the amount of sodium and organic compounds present :
Types of in - situ CDA mass spectra of icy E ring particles Type Description Percentage
of spectra I Almost pure water ice with traces of Na + K > 90 % II Water ice with organic compounds or silicates and traces of Na +
K III
Water ice containing abundant sodium salts ~ 6 %
3
2
3
The majority (> 90 % ) of these spectra are Na-poor : these are classed as types I and II [ Figure 2a ] .
Type III spectra , however , show a much larger concentration of Na .
They also exhibit other mass peaks indicative of the mineral salts NaCl , NaHCOand / or NaCOas the main Na-bearing compounds [ Figure 2 b ] .
Laboratory mass spectra of different sodium solutions with different sodium concentrations were obtained and compared with the CDA mass spectra by Postberg and his team .
Solutions that produced mass spectra matching those of type I and type II required a low Na concentration with a sodium / water ratio of Na/ H 2 O < 10 - 7 .
However , to match the average type III spectrum required sodium / water ratios of Na/H 2 O > 10 - 3 , or four orders of magnitude larger .
Subsurface ocean
The high concentrations of sodium and the identified sodium minerals in type III mass spectra lead the authors to infer the presence of a slightly alkaline sodium salt water reservoir enriched in carbonates ( CO 3 2 - ) beneath the surface of Enceladus .
The water reservoir could even be linked with a subsurface ocean .
Since only liquid water can contain significant amounts of salts the authors suggest that the sodium - rich water - ice particles ( type III , which contain about 1 % salt ) are directly frozen droplets from the liquid phase [ Figure 3a ] .
The salts must have been leeched out from rocky material within Enceladus .
This points to an interface between the hot rocky moon core and the ocean .
However , whether the water that feeds the Enceladus plumes is still in contact with the core cannot be determined from these CDA measurements .
The frozen droplets are sub-micron sized and additional water vapour condenses on them as they travel upward through the plume ice vents in Enceladus ' ice crust .
The other two types of particles that contain mainly water ice and only traces of sodium ( type I and II ) can also be explained with a scenario that involves a subsurface ocean .
These particles form after evaporation of the salty ocean that leads to nearly pure water vapour and only very low concentrations of salts in the particles after they are frozen and vented out in the plumes [ Figure 3 b ] .
Related publication
Postberg , F. et al. , " Sodium Salts in E - Ring Ice Grains from an Ocean below the Surface of Enceladus " , Nature , Vol. 459 , Issue 7250 , pp 1098 - 1101 , 25 June 2009 , doi:10.1038/nature08046
A volcanic eruption on a remote Russian island north of Japan has created a giant ash cloud that threatens passing planes , according to geologists .
The eruption of Sarychev Peak on uninhabited Matua Island , part of the Kuril Islands archipelago in the north Pacific Ocean , began overnight Thursday ( local time ) and is still underway , the RIA - Novosti news agency said .
It has formed an ash cloud eight kilometres high which has spread 310 kilometres to the west , said Olga Shestakova , a spokeswoman for the Marine Geology and Geophysics Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
" Information on the eruption has been sent to organisations dealing with the safety of airplanes and ships , as the ash cloud presents a threat to airplane engines and may lead to communications systems failures , " she said .
Sarychev
Peak is one of the most active volcanos on the Kuril Islands , a seismically active archipelago that runs northeast from Japan 's Hokkaido Island to Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula .
The southern - most four islands in the archipelago are disputed between Russia and Japan , but Matua Island , where the volcano is located , is agreed to be Russian territory .
It is called Matsuwa Island by the Japanese .
- AFP
[ See also ``European election : British left discusses urgent need for left unity ' ' and ``Ireland : Socialist Workers Party calls for a `broad radical left party ''' . ]
June 9 , 2009 -- Socialist Resistance / International Viewpoint --
There was a broad popular abstention in the European elections .
Nearly 60 % of voters did not vote .
Because of this , only a deformed vision of the real relationship of forces in Europe is possible .
But it confirms the crisis of legitimacy of the European Union and of the governing parties that implement their policies within this framework , writes François Sabado .
Other tendencies emerge , initially a rise of the right across Europe .
The right won in the big countries where it governs : in Germany , France , Italy , Belgium , Holland , Poland , Austria and Hungary .
In Bulgaria , Lithuania , Latvia , Slovenia and Cyprus , the parties of the right also came first .
This right - wing surge is accompanied in a series of countries by the rise of populist right and far - right forces , in particular in Holland , where the far - right , Islamophobic and anti-European party of the Geert Wilders obtained 16.4 % of the vote and four members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) .
In Austria , Finland and Hungary , the forces of the far right which have been involved in anti-immigrant campaigns also gained support .
In the United Kingdom , the British National Party ( BNP ) obtained two MEPs , with 6.7 % of the vote .
Greece also saw a breakthrough for the far right , with 7.2 % for the LAOS organisation .
Space for radical left
Social democracy fell back , in particular in the countries where it governs : in Britain , Spain and Portugal .
It experienced a veritable rout in Germany where it scored only 21 % , one of the weakest electoral scores for the Social Pemocratic Party ( SPD ) , not to mention the collapse of the Socialist Party ( PS ) in France .
It only gained votes in Greece , Sweden , Denmark , Slovakia and Malta .
In a series of countries the crisis of the large traditional apparatuses of the right and social - democratic left has created broad space for a series of forces , from the Greens to the radical left , passing though a whole series of left reformist forces .
The Greens , with nearly 60 elected MEPs , emerge strengthened from these elections .
One of the most significant breakthroughs being that of the alliance led by Daniel Cohn - Bendit in France .
The Danish organisation “ Folkebevægelsen mod EU ” ( People ’s Movement Against the EU ) , by centring its campaign against the European Union , indeed against Europe , had MEP Søren Søndergaard , also a member of the Red - Green Alliance and the Fourth International , reelected .
Parties like Die Linke in Germany , the Socialist Party ( aka Tomato Party ) in the Netherlands or the Front de Gauche in France maintained or increased their electoral position without making new breakthroughs .
The Party of Communist Refoundation in Italy won 3.23 % and will not have any representatives in the European Parliament .
In Britain the results of the radical left were disappointing , with the NO2EU list scoring 1 % , as did the SLP of Arthur Scargill .
Syriza in Greece won 4.7 % of the votes and one MEP , and thus did not achieve its goal of electing three MEPs .
The New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) in France consolidated its electoral base .
It made progress compared to the results of the LCR - LO lists in the last European elections of 2004 ( an increase of 2.3 % ) without gaining any MEPs .
Anti-capitalist left
For a number of organisations of the anti-capitalist left , this was their electoral baptism of fire : the Polish Party of Labour , Izquierda Anticapitalista in the Spanish State , Workers Initiative in Sweden , the LCR - PSL in Belgium , and the SSP in Scotland all campaigned well but their results did not exceed 1 % .
On the anti-capitalist left , we should highlight the result of the Socialist Party ( affiliated to the Committee for a Workers Internationl , CWI ) in Ireland which elected one MEP , following the ``No '' campaign against the Lisbon Treaty , and especially the excellent results of the Bloco de Esquerda in Portugal which made a real breakthrough with 10.73 % of the votes and three MEPs .
It is always difficult to draw global lessons on relation of social and political forces from a poll marked by the abstention by almost 60 % of voters .
Nevertheless , the first socioeconomic effects of the crisis -- redundancies , the explosion of unemployment , lower purchasing power -- did not produce movements of electoral radicalisation , on the left or in an anti-capitalist sense .
The breakthrough for Bloco de esquerda constitutes an exception .
There is a paradox which sees the right - wing neoliberal political formations that have instigated anti-social attacks flanked by the populist or far right emerging strengthened from the European poll .
We might have thought that the crisis would favour anti-capitalist ideas .
The situation is more complicated .
Social resistance , which has not led yet to overall struggles of employees and youth , does not mechanically produce an anti-capitalist alternative .
Social democracy is mired in crisis , freeing up new spaces , but the development of the anti-capitalist left remains unequal .
The beginnings for a series of organisations are promising .
It is now necessary to pursue a politics which stimulates social mobilisation against the economic and ecological crisis and the accumulation of forces to make anti-capitalist solutions increasingly credible and this in complete independence from the old leaderships of the traditional left .
[ François Sabado is a leader of the New Anti-Capitalist Party in France . ]
Ireland : Joe Higgins elected MEP
Introduction by Joe Carolyn , Socialist Aotearoa ( New Zealand )
The local elections in Ireland have seen the governing Fianna Fail party and their Green Party coalition partners massacred , as voters use the ballot box to exact revenge on a government that has been attacking workers conditions and slashing public services .
With over 400,000 workers now unemployed in a country with the same population as Aotearoa , the economic crisis has now come home to rout the neoliberals at the ballot box .
Fianna Fail has been the biggest party in Ireland since the 1930s , but has now seen its national vote fall to a the low 20 per cents .
The Irish Greens betrayed their principles around military neutrality , ownership of natural resources and even motorway building , and have lost heavily in all areas where they held council seats .
The great victory in the Irish elections is the breakthrough of the more radical left parties , notably the Socialist Party and the People Before Profit Alliance .
As well as taking the third Dublin Euro seat , the SP has taken local council seats in Swords , Balbriggan , Fingal and Tallaght .
The People Before Profit Alliance have taken five seats in Dun Laoghaire , Ballybrack , Crumlin , Clondalkin and Ballyfermot .
Other independent socialists such as Declan Bree in Sligo and Seamus Healy 's Workers and Unemployed Action Group in Tipperary have also broken through .
* * *
Joe Higgins ' election campaign video .
Socialist Party ( Ireland ) -- June 8 , 2009 -- Joe Higgins ’ stunning victory in the Dublin Euro constituency , getting 12.5 % of the first - preference vote , outpolling Sinn Fein and defeating two sitting MEPs , was the final part in a weekend of drama and great election results for the Socialist Party in Ireland .
As well as winning the Euro seat , in the local government elections in Fingal , Clare Daly topped the poll in Swords with 3192 votes ( over 20 % ) and was re-elected ; likewise for Joe Higgins himself in Castleknock with 3787 votes ( 28 % ) .
The party got 2747 votes ( nearly 18 % ) in the Mulhuddart ward , which easily re-elected Ruth Coppinger .
The party got credible votes in all areas but made important gains , getting Terry Kelleher elected to Balbriggan Town Council and Frank Gallagher elected to the council in Drogheda .
Unfortunately , our councillor Mick Murphy lost out very narrowly in Tallaght Central in South Dublin , by two hundred votes .
The difficulty of getting elected in this altered area was referred to in the last article on this site .
The comrades ran an extremely strong campaign and in the Tallaght areas where Mick and the party are based , we got more than 20 % of the votes in many areas and polled a very strong 2159 first preference votes .
In reality Tallaght Central was subsumed into a bigger area as a result of the boundaries changes implemented last summer .
That expansion and the swing to Labour made the election difficult , even though we came very close .
This is a setback but it is one from which we can and will recover and fully develop our position in the months and years ahead .
Our councillor Mick Barry in Cork was easily re-elected and topped the poll with 2096 votes ( 26.5 % ) , nearly one and a half quotas .
Our second candidate in Cork , Dave Keating , standing late in the day got a very credible 5.5 % and the profile of the party has been significantly strengthened in the city .
In terms of county councils we are up one in Castleknock and down one in Tallaght but very importantly we achieved two break throughs in important town councils in Balbriggan , north Dublin and Drogheda .
Tight race for Euro vote
The Dublin Euro election was delayed because of a recount .
As the early hours ticked by , the tension began to mount .
It was clear this battle for the last seat in Dublin was now down to a battle royale between the Socialist Party verses Fianna Fail , between Joe Higgins and Eoin Ryan , former minister .
Ryan was over 11,000 votes ahead .
Sinn Fein ’s MEP Mary Lou McDonald , who the Socialist Party had pushed into fifth position in the popular vote , was due for elimination and then her votes would be transferred to Ryan or Higgins or be non-transferable , depending on the preferences of the voters .
Someone said this is going to come down to the wire .
The reply came “ This is the wire ! ” .
Of McDonald ’s 55,429 votes , Joe Higgins needed to get a significantly higher rate of transfers than Ryan does if he was to catch him .
The indications were that a lot of her votes were not going to transfer to anyone , thereby potentially reducing the pot of votes for Joe to catch Ryan with .
Then the moment came .
McDonald ’s votes had been allocated and the count was effectively over , we were just waiting for an announcement .
Some party members and supporters , as well as Fianna Fail , gathered around the returning officers podium .
As that was happening the staff who had done the counting all day , streamed out from behind the barriers on their way home , leaving both groups of supporters to their respective fates in a huge hanger .
If transfers operated in the way expected , everything should be okay for a Joe victory but the possibility that a huge amount of the votes may not transfer could explode that scenario .
And then there is always the possibility of the unexpected in proportional representation elections .
The returning officer approached the podium .
Through the distorted microphone the returning officer announced that Joe Higgins had got an additional 22,201 votes .
People tensed as that was on the lower side of what we wanted .
Was McDonald ’s transfer to Ryan going to put him back in front and make him the winner ?
When it came out that Ryan got just 5426 , after a few seconds , there was then the realisation that we had indeed done it , that Joe was elected , the first CWI member in the European Parliament .
Even though nearly 50 % of the votes did n’t transfer , the 4 to 1 ratio meant Higgins was elected with a good surplus of 5410 votes .
The local council and European elections were a disaster for the governing Fianna Fail and Green parties , and now the administration is very shaky .
We will deal with the political and economic situation in Ireland and what the Socialist Party should do now in future articles , but for now we ’ll register this historic victory .
France : New Anti-Capitalist Party on the European elections
Introduced by Chris Latham
The New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) , according to the NPA 's website , recieved 840 713 votes or 4.88 % of total vote ( 4.98 % for metropolitan France -- the NPA did not stand lists in France 's ``overseas teritories '' i.e. colonies ) .
This was insufficient for them to secure any seats in the European Parliament .
The Left Front ( FG ) , which included the Left Party ( PG ) and French Communist Party ( PCF ) , received 6.3 % which was sufficient for them to secure four seats .
In the lead - up to the polls the NPA was under significant pressure through a campaign in the mainstream media arguing that a vote for it was a wasted vote , and also that the NPA should participate in the Left Front .
The NPA , like the Revolutionary Communist League ( LCR ) which dissolved itself prior to the founding congress of the NPA , has argued that it would only participate in a united electoral front based on a clear rejection of deals and favours with Socialist Party ( PS ) , something that the PG and PCF refuse to reject ( a policy that has contributed signifcantly to the electoral decline of the PCF and a policy that it is now dependent on to retain it's seats in the French parliament and local councils ) .
Below is a rough translation of the NPA statement issued on June 7 , 2009 .
It is available in French at http://www.npa2009.org/content/d%C3%A9claration-du-npa.
* * *
Declaration of by the NPA
June 7 , 2009 --
With a very high abstention rate , the elections on June 7 mark the rejection , or at the very least disinterest , that affects European institutions .
Staying at home , many voters , especially young people and the popular classes , sent a clear message : “ That Europe is not ours ! ”
It must be said that everything was done to encourage this growing anger and disengagement .
The institutional parties , including the Socialist Party , did not accept the referendum of 2005 , instead passing through parliament the treaty 's twin .
How could it be more clearly said to the public that their opinion does not count , that the management of capitalist Europe is too serious a matter to be entrusted to the people !
The PS is also paying for this policy today .
The parliament that results from this vote lacks legitimacy .
It does not give a realistic picture of the weight of each political party in the country .
However , in this situation , the NPA , which itself has only existed for four months , according to initial estimates , won around 5 % of the vote , affirming it as a national political force .
Power has not grown in the present situation .
The government hoped to downplay the economic crisis throughout the election , while at the same time playing on fears and fantasies which promote insecurity .
However the main part of both the crisis and social mobilisation are still ahead for Sarkozy and the employers .
The attacks from the government and employers will be redoubled , requiring determined opposition to win anti-capitalist policies .
We need a left prepared to combat , not co-administer the capitalist system through the local and European institutions .
We continue to offer all formations of the anti-liberal , anti-capitalist left a lasting agreement , valid in the social and political period ahead , to encourage the convergence of struggles , this is necessary more than ever .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nearly half of teachers believe the health and safety culture in schools is damaging children 's learning and development , a survey suggests .
When questioned by Teachers TV , teachers complained about a five - page briefing on using glue sticks and being told to wear goggles to put up posters .
Others said pupils were not allowed to enjoy the sun or snow without taking health and safety precautions .
Teachers TV surveyed 585 viewers to the channel by questionnaire .
Around 45 % of those who took part thought health and safety precautions had a negative effect on teachers , as well as on students ' personal development and learning .
SAFETY RULES
Wearing goggles to put up posters
Five - page briefing on the dangers of glue sticks Ban on running in the playground Wet grass stopping PE lessons Ban on playing with conkers
One person at a time in staff kitchen Ban on sweets because of choking risk Buoyancy aids for capable year 11 swimmers on a school trip to France
Read your comments
However , 45 % said they did not think health and safety regulations were too restrictive .
And just over 10 % of teachers surveyed thought accidents in schools had increased during the last five years .
' Extreme '
The teachers were also asked about general safety - their own and that of their pupils .
More than half of those who responded - 56 % - said they had had to deal with a situation where they suspected a child was being abused .
More than two in five said they were afraid to be alone in a room with a pupil in case they were falsely accused of inappropriate behaviour .
Just under a third of respondents said they were under - prepared in this area .
Questions regarding weapons checks in schools appeared to divide teachers .
Exactly half said they favoured weapons checks in schools and half opposed it .
Chief executive of Teachers TV Andrew Bethell said : " The more extreme examples [ of health and safety ] are thankfully not the norm but schools still need to take into consideration the workforce 's concerns when trying to protect pupils .
" It is worrying that almost a third of the education workforce feel under - prepared to deal with the very complicated issues surrounding abuse and potential abuse . "
The Health and Safety Executive has called some of the examples of health and safety precautions cited in the survey " frankly ridiculous " .
HSE chair Judith Hackitt said children needed to learn how to manage risk .
She said : " Stop worrying about the ' conkers stories ' and help children learn how to handle risk by doing things and going on visits .
" Concentrate on the real risks - not the trivia - by putting measures in place to manage them as far as is reasonable , but do n't try to eliminate all risk and do n't stop the activity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( NewsTarget ) A medicinal use of a hallucinogenic compound in mushrooms has been hailed in a UCLA study exploring the therapeutic effects of an active compound in the mushrooms called psilocybin .
Although these mushrooms are illegal for general use , the drug based on some of its components has now been approved for medical experiments .
Many scientists believe the hallucinogenic compound inside certain mushrooms could improve treatments for some psychological conditions and forms of physical pain , even though mushrooms have long been dismissed as medically useless .
In June , the medical journal Neurology reported on more than 20 cases in which mushroom ingestion prevented or stopped cluster headaches more reliably than prescription pharmaceuticals .
Then in July , researchers at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore reported that mushrooms could instill a sense of spirituality and connection .
This specific finding could lead to treatments for patients suffering from mental anguish or addiction , according to scientists .
This recent research into the properties of mushrooms has been driven in part by the success of mood - altering pharmaceuticals such as the antidepressant Prozac .
Prozac and similar drugs work on the same brain chemicals and pathways as the components in mushrooms .
The study of hallucinogens in therapy was a mainstream endeavor as far back as 40 years ago .
The Swiss drug company Sandoz eventually provided pharmaceutical - grade tablets of psilocybin -- the mushroom component -- and various researchers explored its use as a treatment for depression and other psychological problems .
After several failures in the field , the late 1990s saw a resurgence of mushroom experiments , led by discoveries in neuroscience that illuminated the biochemical basis of mood and consciousness .
So far , nothing scientists have learned indicates that recreational use of mushrooms is safe , and the psychological effects remain unpredictable .
In fact , deaths have been linked to mushroom intoxication .
Even under the tightly controlled conditions of a clinical trial , some patients under the mushroom treatment have had terrifying experiences marked by anxiety and paranoia , with two patients in the Johns Hopkins study saying that the experience was like being in a war .
###
Philipp Haller and Martin Odersky submitted a paper that introduces a new approach for enabling safe massage transfer in Scala actors model implementation .
Whereas message - based concurrency is instrumental for building scalable architectures that support concurrent processes , it implies important trade - offs in terms of performance and power ( flexibility ) on the one hand and race safety on the other hand .
Ideally , a sent message should get “ moved from the memory region of the sender to the ( possibly disjoint ) memory region of the receiver . ”
However , given performance requirements in “ critical code that deals with large messages , such as image processing pipelines or network protocol stacks ” , messages have to be passed “ between processes running on the same shared - memory computer by reference . ”
To avoid data races in this context , constraints should be imposed on messages shape : they have to be immutable or alias - free .
This can , nevertheless , have negative consequences on performance since “ data stored in an object graph that does not satisfy the shape constraints must first be serialized into a permitted form before it can be sent within a message ” .
In Scala actors – unlike in Erlang ’s – messages can be of any kind : immutable or mutable and their state is not copied “ when sending messages between actors operating on the same computer ” .
This allows gains in performance and flexibility but makes it challenging to ensure race safety for shared messaged .
Until now , race safety was not enforced by the language of its libraries but was rather a matter of programming conventions that were restricting capabilities of message passing mechanism .
To reduce these constraints , Haller and Odersky suggest a type system based on capability checking ( i.e. access permissions for objects ) and external uniqueness that “ is used to control aliasing of transferred objects ” and to guarantee reference uniqueness .
They argue indeed that the notion of reference uniqueness is central for enforcing race safety in the presence of mutation in message - based concurrency .
They give an example where an actor “ receives a reference to a linked list ” and another list , that “ may have been built locally or may have been received from elsewhere ” , is appended to the first list before it is passed on ” :
actor { receive { case rlist : LinkedList => val other : LinkedList = ... rlist .append ( other ) next.send ( rlist ) } } class Node { var el : Object var prev , next : Node } class LinkedList { var head :
Node def append ( other : LinkedList ) { if ( head == null ) head = other .
head else if ( other .head != null ) { var h = head while ( h.next != null ) h = h.next h.next = other .
head h.next.
prev = h } } }
To be able to send on the extended list it is necessary to check that “ mutation did not introduce any [ external ] aliasing that could violate race safety ” , in other words that “ a unique reference to a list , such as rlist , should remain unique after invoking append on it ” .
The authors name their system that allows to do that “ Object Capability Types ” ( OCT ) and they formalize it as an extension of the EPFL Scala compiler .
To implement it , Haller and Odersky introduce a series of annotations that allow adding information necessary for type checking in a simple and concise way that works for all methods of common collection classes in Scala ’s standard library without changing their implementation .
The three annotations - @unique , @transient , and @exposed – can be carried by local variables , method parameters , and method results :
class Node { var el : Object var prev , next : Node } class LinkedList { var head : Node @transient def append ( other : LinkedList @unique ) { expose ( this ) { xl => val ol = localize ( other , xl ) if ( xl.head == null ) xl.head = ol . head else if ( ol.head != null ) { var h = xl.head while ( h.next != null ) h = h.next h.next = ol.head h.next.
prev = h } } } }
The @transient annotation [ … ] applies to the receiver , i.e. , this .
It requires this to be unique ; moreover , calling the method will not consume this reference , that is , after the call the reference is still available ( and unique ) .
This corresponds to our requirement that ownership transfer should be safe after calling append .
The @unique annotation at the argument type requires the argument to be unique .
Moreover , it grants the method the right to consume the argument , which means that it is invalid to access the argument after the call returns . [… ]
To prevent aliases that could destroy its uniqueness , a unique object must be exposed before its fields can be accessed .
To address the issue of transferring objects containing sub - objects that are often aliased in complex ways , the authors introduce the notion of cluster .
Even though , clusters are not declared explicitly the “ type system checks the cluster property according to the way an object is constructed and operated on subsequently ” :
In our system , the fact that it is safe to transfer an object depends on the objects reachable from it .
An object O1 is reachable from another object O2 if and only if a field of O2 refers to O1 or an object reachable from O2 refers to O1 .
Our system guarantees safe transfer for object graphs characterized as clusters . [… ]
[ It ] guarantees statically that a cluster of objects is externally unique when it is transferred , which implies type safety .
OCT system is meant to remove significant limitations on message shape imposed by existing approaches , still enforcing race safety without sacrificing performance in applications with large message sizes .
Even though it is already implemented as a light weight extension to Scala , to further facilitate the use of this approach , Philipp Haller and Martin Odersky intend to introduce type inference that would spare developers some work .
What you need to know
In June and July 2020 , Governor Greg Abbott issued and amended an executive order intended to preserve hospital capacity in counties that have experienced a significant increase in COVID - 19 hospitalizations .
At this time , our facilities are monitoring capacity to continue caring for patients with a variety of medical needs , including elective surgeries .
We will continue to provide elective surgical care as long as we have sufficient capacity to do so while also caring for our COVID - 19 patients .
Our clinics and surgery centers across the state remain open and operational , and we are seeing patients as scheduled .
As always , the safety of our patients , staff and communities is our priority .
This Star Trek Enterprise 1701 - D is an awesome replica model of the famous TNG Starship that comes complete with the Enterprise - D’s brilliant saucer separation ( which saved the day on so many occasions ) .
Including lights and sounds taken right from the show , the Star Trek Enterprise 1701 - D replica includes two stands for displaying either the whole ship , or the separated parts and would be ideal for reenacting that unforgettable 2 - parter where the Enterprise defeats the Borg ( thanks to the saucer separation ) and saves the Federation .
Measuring 13 ″ ( 33 cm ) x 17 ″ ( 43 cm ) x 4 ″ ( 10.1 cm ) , the Star Trek Enterprise 1701 - D comes complete with a set of dilithium crystals batteries and is yours for $ 49.99 from ThinkGeek .
Corsets not included .
Source :
ThinkGeek
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans remain much more likely to say U.S. involvement in Iraq was a mistake than to say the same about Afghanistan , despite the fact that Americans are more likely now than at any point since 2003 to say things are going well for the U.S. in Iraq .
Fifty - eight percent of Americans say U.S. involvement in Iraq was a mistake , contrasted with 36 % who say involvement in Afghanistan was a mistake .
Americans ' views of the way things are going in each war are roughly the same -- 56 % say Iraq is going well for the U.S. , while 54 % say this about Afghanistan .
Since March 2003 , Gallup has asked Americans on 79 different occasions whether the United States made a mistake in sending troops to Iraq , compared to having asked the same question about Afghanistan only nine times since November 2001 .
This relative emphasis on measuring public opinion about Iraq versus Afghanistan reflects the fact that Iraq dominated news coverage and political debate in the years after the initial invasion in March 2003 , consigning Afghanistan until more recently to a status as the " other " or forgotten war .
The initial reaction to the Iraq war was very positive .
Less than half of Americans said the war was a mistake for the first year and a quarter of U.S. involvement there .
But by July 2004 , perceptions had changed to the point where a majority said the war was a mistake .
That percentage fell back under 50 % in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and after President Bush was inaugurated for his second term .
Beginning in late summer 2005 , however , with only a few exceptions , a majority of Americans have said the Iraq war was a mistake in every survey until now .
The high point for the perception that the war was a mistake , 63 % , came in April 2008 .
The current 58 % is roughly on par with measures over the last year .
In Gallup 's initial 2001 poll about Afghanistan , shortly after the U.S. invasion , and in the poll that followed in January 2002 , a very small minority of 9 % and 6 % of Americans , respectively , said U.S. involvement in that country was a mistake .
That number climbed to 25 % in the summer of 2004 ( at about the same time that a majority were saying the Iraq war was a mistake ) , and reached a high of 42 % in March of this year .
In the most recent poll , the " mistake " percentage for Afghanistan has settled back to 36 % .
Perceptions of progress in Iraq have varied over the years .
Americans were initially very positive about the Iraq war .
That optimism began to fade fast .
By September 2003 , less than half were willing to say things were going well in Iraq .
The " going well " number popped back up to 55 % in March 2004 , and then was above 50 % again in February and March 2005 .
After that , however , perceptions that things were going well in Iraq fell back , reaching the all - time low of 28 % in January 2007 .
More recently , in polls conducted last September and in March of this year , as well as in the current July 2009 poll , majorities have returned to the viewpoint that things are going well in Iraq .
The current 56 % " going well " percentage is as high as Gallup has measured vis-à - vis Iraq since July 2003 , just months after the war began .
Gallup did not ask Americans about progress in Afghanistan using this question format in the first months of the involvement there , and has asked the question only sporadically since September 2006 .
Almost half of Americans said things were going well for the U.S. in Afghanistan in that initial 2006 poll , but these positive perceptions began to slip , reaching a low of 38 % in a survey conducted in March of this year .
In the current poll , views of the situation in Afghanistan have rebounded to 54 % , the highest in Gallup 's limited record .
Views of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan vary by partisan orientation , as would be expected for two wars begun in the Republican administration of George W. Bush .
Although all three partisan groups are less likely to view U.S. involvement in Afghanistan as a mistake than is the case for Iraq , major differences exist in the views of the three partisan groups for both wars .
There is a 52 - point gap between Republicans and Democrats in the mistake percentage for Iraq , and a 43 - point gap between the same two groups in the mistake percentage for Afghanistan .
Implications
American public opinion about U.S. involvement in the two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan reveals important and lasting distinctions .
Americans have been more positive about the rationale for U.S. involvement in Afghanistan than for Iraq over the years , a distinction that persists to this day .
A clear majority of Americans continue to say U.S. involvement in Iraq was a mistake , while a little more than a third say the same about Afghanistan .
These perceptual differences regarding the rationale for U.S. involvement in the two wars persist even though at this point , Americans are no more likely to say things are going well for the U.S. in Afghanistan than in Iraq .
In fact , the 56 % who say the war is going well in Iraq is the highest since July 2003 , just a few months after Bush 's famous " mission accomplished " speech .
It is probable that this uptick in the public 's views that things are going well in Iraq is related to the fact that the U.S. has withdrawn troops from major cities there and plans to withdraw most of its combat troops from the country by the end of 2011 .
Still , these more upbeat views have not materially altered Americans ' negative views of the underlying rationale for the war .
At the same time , the U.S. has been ramping up its involvement in Afghanistan , and that has been accompanied by an increase in the percentage saying things are going well for the U.S. there .
In the case of Afghanistan , in contrast to the situation in Iraq , the upbeat views of how things are going have been accompanied by a more upbeat view of the initial rationale for U.S. involvement .
All in all , the data suggest that in the long term , even after full U.S. withdrawal of combat troops from Iraq , there is a good chance that a majority of Americans will remain doubtful that involvement in that country was worth it .
At the same time , it appears that even with continuing U.S. involvement in the Afghanistan situation , Americans may well remain much more positive about the rationale for the United States ' going to war there .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,018 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted July 10 - 12 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Posted by alicia on 16 Jun 2009 / 0 Comment
I am not an Islamic scholar , therefore my opinions on Islam do not count .
Worse still , I ’m told that it ’s not my place to have an opinion on Islam at all .
This is the general climate of thought in Malaysia put forth in the recent proposal by the country ’s main Islamic party , PAS , to investigate the Muslim feminist non-governmental organization Sisters In Islam ( SIS ) for un-Islamic activities and to “ rehabilitate ” its members to “ the right path ” .
The announcement has sent shock waves across the country .
The feminist organization has long been the thorn on many Muslim Malaysians ’ sides , of both conservative and moderate persuasions , mainly for their outspoken critique of book - banning , polygamy , and state - imposed concepts of modesty .
The latest in the string of attacks against SIS is by far the most extreme and is said by many to be a major political misstep for PAS , which once vowed to be “ modern ” and “ democratic ” .
But PAS has yet to retract their demands amidst growing pressure from many quarters , including criticisms from within party lines .
But more importantly , it has yet to disclose further details of their charges against SIS .
In the meantime , their contempt for Sisters In Islam touches on more personal issues that raises questions as to whether accusations against them are really from a theological standpoint ; from the members ’ choice of dress ( many do not wear the hijab ) and marital status ( many are also unmarried ) .
These claims to discredit SIS have been reactionary at best , intolerant and anti-women at worst .
Calls for SIS to drop “ Islam ” from their name cite the non-governmental organization ’s lack of formal credentials to represent the religion and influence to mislead young minds .
But who has the right to represent Islam ?
And really , do we need an authoritative body to speak for a community so complex and pluralistic , especially when ones that claim to do so have shown themselves , time and time again , to be petty and bigoted ?
Being a Muslim feminist and a supporter of the organization , I have a different view : the “ Islam ” in SIS denotes the reclamation of certain rights from Islamic sources , by reading the Quran and hadiths from a gender - neutral perspective .
It certainly is not about representing every Muslim man and woman in Malaysia as more “ authoritative ” voices would claim .
Put simply , “ Islam ” in SIS is about women who live in an Islamic state , politically and spiritually .
Muslim feminists have long been targets of brutal attacks .
Many have even lost their lives for promoting women ’s rights : Turkish feminist writer Konca Kuris openly expressed her critical views on male domination in her society and paid with her life in 1998 .
Asma Jahangir , Nawal al - Sadaawi , and the women of RAWA , for example , have all received numerous death threats .
The long list of Muslim activists can testify that what the women and men of SIS believe in are not freakish coincidences or “ alien ” to modern - day Islam .
But it is what they believe in that ’s viewed as dangerous .
So dangerous that a member of Malaysian parliament suggested that the organization should be investigated under the Shariah Criminal Offenses Enactments and the penal code , as if the members were criminal suspects .
And so as it stands , the easiest and most cowardly way to containing that danger is by silencing them .
When religion is deeply entrenched in the country ’s constitution and public policies , everyone has a right to talk about it , and particularly , to criticise its abuse .
But the threat to express dissent hangs over every Malaysian like a foreboding black cloud .
“ Liberal ” has become a dirty word in Malaysia , where it can mean anything from being Westernised and elitist , to simply being immoral .
To demonise organisations like SIS for being “ liberal ” for expressing non-mainstream opinions pertaining to Islam is more than just clichéd , it ’s about bullying the usual “ soft ” targets like women and other marginalized communities into silent submission .
From the Guardian :
Robert Tait , the Guardian 's former Tehran correspondent , has been poring over leaked reports of the official results , allegedly leaked by disaffected officials .
He and our diplomatic editor Julian Borger write : " The figures have been accompanied by claims from interior ministry sources that fake statistics were fed into a software program and then distributed to vote counts among polling stations to produce a plausible outcome .
The same sources have also claimed that the interior ministry 's statements announcing the results were prepared before Friday night 's count . "
Such claims are being reported on websites that Iran is frantically trying to block , according to our blogs editor , Kevin Anderson .
He explains the cat - and - mouse game between the authorities and internet users .
From Marty Peretz :
Maybe the regime fiddled around a bit with the numbers at the polls and after the polling .
Still , the outcome had a sense of authenticity .
Even I am a little taken aback by the neocons ' desire for an Ahmadinejad victory .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The team is proud to announce the release of Linux Mint 7 “ Gloria ” .
Quick steps :
Introduction to Linux Mint 7 :
The 7th release of Linux Mint comes with numerous bug fixes and a lot of improvements .
In particular the menu system , the application manager and the upload manager now provide new features such as “ Suggestions ” , “ Featured applications ” , “ SCP and SFTP support ” .
The underlying base of the operating system was also strengthened with a new adjustment mechanism which makes Linux Mint more robust and less vulnerable to Ubuntu package upgrades , and the introduction of virtual and meta packages which simplify upgrade paths and the installation of multiple desktop environments .
For a detailed overview of the new features and improvements included in Linux Mint 7 , please read
What ’s new in Gloria .
Introduction to the Universal Edition :
The Universal Edition is a customized version of the Main Edition with the following differences :
It comes as a liveDVD instead of a liveCD
It comes with built - in support for English , French , Spanish , German , Italian , Swedish , Danish , Chinese , Korean , Portuguese / Br , Portuguese / Pt , Arabic , Hungarian , Lithuanian , Galician , Dutch , Russian , Polish , Norwegian , Japanese , Ukrainian , Romanian , Slovenian , Catalan , Greek , Czech , Slovak , Marathi , Norwegian [ nynorsk ] , Croatian , Bulgarian , Turkish , Hindi , Finnish , Hebrew , Serbian , Belarussian and with partial support for Basque and Bosnian .
It comes with no codecs , no support for restricted formats and no proprietary components .
It features an extra item in the Sound & Video menu which launches the installation of all missing codecs via a built - in . mint file
It uses a text - based version of Grub instead of the graphical grub - gfxboot which comes with the Main Edition .
The purpose of the Universal Edition is to bring a localized live system to non-English speaking users of Linux Mint and to facilitate the distribution of Linux Mint in countries where software patents are enforceable .
System requirements :
A minimum of 512MB of RAM is recommended .
Once installed the system works fine with as low as 256MB RAM .
The installation process deals with 2.5GB of data compressed on a 700MB CD and it can hang or fail on systems with less than 512MB RAM .
If you have between 256MB and 512MB RAM you may have to try to install several times .
Important information and known issues :
For a complete list of known issues read the Release Notes .
The root password is now set as the same as the one chosen during the installation .
A blog post will follow to explain why and how this was implemented .
If you ’re using Mint tools in other distributions , make sure to turn off the adjustment system by editing /etc/ linuxmint / mintSystem.conf .
Download Linux Mint 7 :
You can download the Main Edition via torrent or via HTTP :
Size : 697MB LiveCD
MD5 Sum : 64e2a290fb51f8e7a9d058355fe93d0e
Torrent download : http://www.linuxmint.com/torrent/LinuxMint-7.iso.torrent
HTTP download : http://www.linuxmint.com/edition.php?id=38
And for the Universal Edition :
Size : 1.3GB LiveDVD
MD5 Sum : f50fe4665952c5abd887f403c6409963
Torrent download : http://www.linuxmint.com/torrent/LinuxMint-7-Universal.iso.torrent
HTTP download : http://www.linuxmint.com/edition.php?id=40
Europe :
Northern America :
Rest of the World :
Order Linux Mint 7 on CD / DVD :
Our partner on - disk.com ships Linux Mint 7 Worldwide for as little as $ 10 .
They also contribute $ 5.41 to Linux Mint for each CD / DVD sold .
Linux Mint 7 can be purchased as a liveCD / DVD , as a virtual machine or as a live media ( Flash / SD / CF ) from here .
Upgrade instructions :
To upgrade to Linux Mint 7 from Linux Mint 7 RC1 , launch mintUpdate , enable the “ dist - upgrade ” option in the preferences window and refresh the list of upgrades .
Make sure to apply all level 1 and level 2 upgrades .
Among level 3 upgrades make sure to select gtk2 - engines - aurora , gufw , smplayer , and nautilus - sendto .
An upgrade path for Linux Mint 6 “ Felicia ” users will be published in a few days .
Enjoy !
Have a lot of fun with “ Gloria ” and let us know what you think .
Reviews will be answered and your feedback will be used to improve the distribution before the next release .
We hope you enjoy this release as much as we enjoyed making it and we wish you a very nice experience with Linux Mint .
Although the US has plenty of terrain that 's well placed for producing solar power , the intermittent nature of that power and the distances of these sites from major population centers on the east coast puts severe constraints on what we can do with it .
Space - based solar power , which can gather energy around the clock and transmit it to most of the populated areas of the planet , provides a way around these limits , one that was already being contemplated before the energy shocks of the 1970s .
Unfortunately , the prohibitive launch costs and challenges of sending the energy back to earth have left matters at the contemplation stage , but with the current focus on renewable energy , several companies are now betting that we 'll see hardware in space well before the next decade is over .
Going commercial
To understand what 's changed , we talked with William Maness and Philip Owen of PowerSat , one of a handful of companies planning to commercialize space - based power .
Maness emphasized that the systems wo n't require any new technologies , saying , " We are n't doing science fiction , although it sounds like it ; we 're looking for a steep decline in the cost curve , but no breakthroughs are required . "
PowerSat hopes to combine several recent developments , most of which serve to cut down on the weight of what 's put into orbit .
At least one of these has found applications on earth : thin - film solar cells ( PowerSat is looking at CIGS - based cells — Copper , Indium , Gallium , and Selenium — on a titanium or aluminum substrate ) .
These can reach high efficiencies despite being only microns thick .
To deploy these in space without heavy equipment , PowerSat is looking to leverage some of the testing NASA has done on the use of inflatable structures in space .
All of that means that far more energy - producing hardware can be put in space as a single unit .
Maness says that the company 's models predict that it can get about 17 MW out of a single 10 - ton unit .
Most proposals for space - based solar have involved a constellation of satellites , each transferring those 17MW to a central unit for transmission back to earth .
This adds to the complexity of the system and means at least one satellite has to integrate a very large amount of power .
PowerSat hopes to avoid all that .
The satellites will receive a pilot signal from the ground and use that to coordinate their energy - carrying return signal to the ground - based receiver .
" The satellites act as a radio frequency cloud to create a phase array of phased arrays , " Maness says .
When the microwave signal hits the ground , the transmission from each satellite should be additive — all of which dramatically cuts down the weight and complexity of the hardware that has to be put into orbit .
The other place that PowerSat plans to save weight is in propulsion .
" Traditionally , powersets are in geosynchronoous orbit and relied on a chemical tug to pull them out to geo , " Maness said .
But NASA 's work with ion engines , which are lightweight but require an electric power source , have provided an alternate method — clearly , once the solar arrays unfurl , there will be no shortage of power .
When asked about the risk of opening up something that large amidst the junk in low earth orbit , Maness said that " a collision would have very little impact outside some small , critical areas . "
In most cases , space junk would rip straight through the thin film material .
This setup will allow PowerSat to " start in all sorts of initial orbits " and take six to eight months to transfer to a geosynchronous orbit .
" We can focus on the lowest cost ride , " Maness said .
All told , these differences should mean that launch weight is cut by two - thirds compared to more traditional schemes — the 17MW satellite will come in at about 10 tons .
And , since launch weight means dollars , this represents a huge cost savings .
Grounding the power
On the ground , the microwave power sent by the satellites is received by a structure that 's about a mile wide and between one and two miles long , depending on how far north of the equator it 's based .
Maness says that there are chunks of unallocated microwave frequency that can easily handle the 230 watts per square meter that 's allowed by the EPA .
Despite the size , the cost of the ground stations are only a small fraction of the total expense ; PowerSat estimates it at $ 100 million or so .
That 's largely because the hardware is very diffuse .
Rain and sun can pass right through it , and Maness suggested the ideal location might be over an orchard or corn field , where the added heat could be advantageous .
And there is some added heat ; models suggest about two degrees Fahrenheit for every 10 minutes in the core of the signal — about a quarter of what you 'd get on a sunny day at the beach , Maness said .
He indicated that the EPA had done extensive testing , and birds and other animals that might be bothered by the microwaves simply leave the area .
It 's not completely without effect , though : " Your cell phone will definitely stop working , " Maness said .
That last item is probably the biggest technological limit to deployment .
Since the receiving hardware is relatively cheap and can be built just about anywhere , it would be very tempting to site it where it could be easily connected to the grid near major population centers .
Unfortunately , the interference with communications is likely to severely limit the number of locations where people will accept this sort of facility .
There 's also the prospect of public uneasiness with being targeted by microwaves from space , although the comfort level with microwave appliances has increased dramatically in the last few decades .
In the end , Maness can build a convincing case that the primary limit for satellite - based power will be financial , not technological .
We 'll take a closer look at the money trail in a later post .
Red Condor recently detected and blocked a new email virus campaign designed to scare email users with bogus legal action for activities , including illegal music downloads .
The virus campaign detected at 8:29 a.m. EDT on Monday , June 22 , 2009 , calls attention to users ’ supposed recent activity at sites commonly used to share and download copyrighted movies , music and software .
These sites include Btjunkie , SumoTorrent , isoHunt , and Mininova .
Ã‚Â
The email content threatens recipients with legal action stating , “ We have a report about the copyrighted movies , music , softwares you downloaded or searched on these webpages .
We strongly advise you to stop any future activities regarding the downloading of illegal content or you can expect prosecution by 17 U.S.C. , ” etc .
Ã‚Â
Cyber criminals are likely been capitalizing on a recent legal judgment in Minnesota that imposed the largest fine in illegal music download history , requiring Jammie Thomas - Rasset to pay $ 1.9 Million to the record companies .
Within the email is a link to a “ log report ” that is actually a virus executable .
One aspect of anarchism that differs from Marxist socialism is there is less divisiveness and sectarianism .
This is not to say we do not have our dogmatists and hair - splitters .
We do , but such people make up the minority , increasingly so , it seems as our movement grows and implants itself .
Predominately , the trend is for anarchists to work together on projects even when they belong to different tendencies and to not see others as enemies , traitors or fools , just because they have a few different ideas .
One example of many ;
In France , a land of 50 million people with 55 million political views , Alternative Libertaire ( AL ) and the Federation Anarchiste ( FA ) work on common projects .
Neither group spends time in their media castigating each other for doctrinal sins .
This , in spite of the fact that the AL split off from the FA some years ago and the former is Platformist and the latter Synthesist . ( 1 )
Unity In Diversity
It is possible to divide anarchists along a number of lines , " life style anarchists " vs. " social anarchists " , is one possibility .
Reformists and revolutionaries another .
While these differences exist in theory , in reality it is more complex .
Someone may engage in a lot of " lifestyle " activities but be a member of the IWW .
Another anarchist might think a revolution in the American context a pipe dream , but see the possibility elsewhere .
As long as you adhere to basic anarchist principles such as self - management , anti-capitalism and anti-statism , anarchists have not found diversity to be a problem .
When people are willing to work together in key areas such as media , trade unions , community organizations and anarchist gatherings , diversity becomes a strength .
Anarchists are divided in a number of ways – type of organizational approach , anti-religion vs , religious anarchists , type of future economy , and favored area of activity .
As such , anarchists who favor a more " individualistic " approach will attract artists and poets to the cause , religious anarchists , a conduit for those who take the egalitarian words of ther Gospel seriously and eco-anarchists and anarcha - feminists link us to the environmentalists and women 's movements .
There also exists a large number , many times more numerous than ideological anarchists , of semi-anarchists .
These are people who favor some , but not all , of the anarchist program .
These folks will say , be interested in worker self - management or popular power , but not consider themselves anarchist .
It thus becomes possible , as long as you refrain from dogmatism , to create a broad - based movement .
One composed of anarchists and semi-anarchists based upon key common goals such as self - management , direct democracy and autonomy .
When the working population begins to act upon these ideas , you have the beginning of a social revolution .
What To Do Next ?
What anarchists ought to do next , is a source of division within the movement .
Revolutionary change can be made , but can it be kept ?
The traditional position anarchism had been more spontaneous in nature , encourage the masses to self - organize and the revolution will carry itself .
The anarchist defeats in the Russian and Spanish Revolutions caused many to consider a tighter form of program and organization .
These are the Platformists .
At first there was animosity between the two groups , with the traditionalists accusing the Platformists of authoritarianism and the latter acting in a very divisive manner within the larger movement .
But this was all in the past , and today 's Platformists are Neo-Platformists , are not at all sectarian , and as shown above , work freely with other anarchists .
It should be noted that the Platform is not an attempt to form a party ot organization standing over other anarchists or working people .
The function of the Platform is to be a tendency within the broader movement to influence that movement in the direction of greater programatic , organizational and tactical coherence .
1. For The Platform See , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platformism
Synthesist anarchism seeks to unite several different anarchist tendencies within the same organization .
Its program is thus more general and the different groups making up the federation are free to choose whether to support an action or not .
For patients with prostate cancer , it is a common surgical procedure : a doctor implants dozens of radioactive seeds to attack the disease .
But when Dr. Gary D. Kao treated one patient at the veterans ’ hospital in Philadelphia , his aim was more than a little off .
Most of the seeds , 40 in all , landed in the patient ’s healthy bladder , not the prostate .
It was a serious mistake , and under federal rules , regulators investigated .
But Dr. Kao , with their consent , made his mistake all but disappear .
He simply rewrote his surgical plan to match the number of seeds in the prostate , investigators said .
The revision may have made Dr. Kao look better , but it did nothing for the patient , who had to undergo a second implant .
It failed , too , resulting in an unintended dose to the rectum .
Regulators knew nothing of this second mistake because no one reported it .
Two years later , in 2005 , Dr. Kao rewrote another surgical plan after putting half the seeds in the wrong organ .
Once again , regulators did not object .
Had the government responded more aggressively , it might have uncovered a rogue cancer unit at the hospital , one that operated with virtually no outside scrutiny and botched 92 of 116 cancer treatments over a span of more than six years — and then kept quiet about it , according to interviews with investigators , government officials and public records .
The team continued implants for a year even though the equipment that measured whether patients received the proper radiation dose was broken .
The radiation safety committee at the Veterans Affairs hospital knew of this problem but took no action , records show .
There was a time when VA hospitals were among the best in the nation .
I had friends and family who only survived their wartime injuries because of the dedicated care and concern of VA hospitals and staff .
We had one physician in the family who left private practice to spend most of his career in VA hospitals – to give back to the service that paid for his training and education .
And I ’ve participated in clinical trials for medication that proved to be a boon for the elderly – trials centered at our local VA hospital even though most of those in the trials were civilians .
Crap treatment for our vets – regardless of history ’s judgement of the politics of American wars in the last half - century – is unforgivable .
Please , someone nudge the chickenhawks in Congress into getting off their rusty dusties and doing something about preventing this meanness .
Rachel Maddow weighs in on the overt racism that the GOP and their counterparts in the media do n't seem to be too concerned about expressing these days .
BECK : This president , I think , has exposed himself as a guy , over and over and over again , who has a deep - seed hatred for white people or the white culture .
LIMBAUGH :
Here you have a black president trying to destroy a white policeman .
I think he is genuinely revved up about race .
You know me .
I think he is genuinely angry in his heart and has been his whole life .
MALKIN : I think he is a racial opportunist .
LIMBAUGH : Look , I had a dream .
I had a dream that I was a slave building a sphinx in a desert that looked like Obama .
BECK : He has a problem .
He has a - this guy is , I believe , a racist .
LIMBAUGH : And after that , they ‘re going to go after Oreos .
Might have to put that off until Obama is out of office , but they ‘ll eventually go after Oreos .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : Now , the racial divide in this country did n‘t disappear when Barack Obama was elected president .
And no reasonable person has expected it to .
But it is somewhere between eyebrow raising and breathtaking to have such blunt , unvarnished race - baiting so forward in the national discourse right now .
And the type of race baiting to which we ‘re subjected is fairly specific and fairly consistent .
The argument that the president hates white people , for example , which you just heard Glenn Beck make on Fox News , that it ‘s he , the president , who is racist , that argument dovetails perfectly with the arguments made against Supreme Court nominee Judge Sonia Sotomayor and the far more genteel setting of the United States Senate .
Mike Diamond and Adam Horovitz tell an intimate , personal story of the band , and their 40 years of friendship together .
Robinho has urged Manchester City to launch a bid for Argentina star Carlos Tevez .
City star hopeful club could land Argentina attacker
Pleasure
Robinho has urged Manchester City to launch a bid for Argentina star Carlos Tevez .
Tevez 's future is uncertain as he nears the end of a two - year loan agreement at Manchester United .
City have been linked with a bid for the bullish forward , although the Red Devils appear keen to strike fresh terms with Tevez 's representatives , with Cristiano Ronaldo set for Real Madrid .
Brazilian attacker Robinho is keen to play alongside Tevez at Eastlands and is hopeful the affluent club could land his services this summer .
Robinho said in : " We would definitely complement City 's attack .
I hope my club make a move for him .
" It would be a pleasure to play with Carlos .
He is one of the best players in the world and it is a shame he is not having more opportunities at his current club .
" If he leaves United - as I have been reading in the last few days - and if the interest of City gets confirmed , of course I will try to convince him to join us .
" I am sure we would make a fiercesome duo up front .
He is so fast and combative with great technique . "
He added : " If Carlos comes to City , and if the club manages to get two or three players of the same quality we can aspire to big things .
" This season was not our best , but this was also our first year together and I do n't regret the option I made a year ago .
In the coming season fans can definitely expect to see us in the top spots of the league . "
As attorney for Jeffersonville City Council Illinois , Larry Wilder is usually prosecuting cases against local drunks .
But with a name like Wilder you have to live up to your name , so Larry decided to see what it was like to be on the other side ….
and was discovered by neighbors drink and asleep in their trash can Tuesday morning .
According to a local report , Police responding to a 911 call decided not to charge Wilder .
“ When officers arrived on the scene , they made contact with that person and he was identified as Larry Wilder , ” Jeffersonville Police Chief Tim Deeringer said .
“ He was n’t belligerent , he was n’t out of control .
Mr. Wilder was asked if he could walk to his home .
He said he could and he was turned over to two adult children at the house . ”
Just because the humiliation of being caught is n’t enough , naturally pictures from the scene have been published .
The city council is currently reconsidering Wilder ’s ongoing employment .
( CNN ) --
If there 's a blessing in the current swine flu epidemic , it 's how benign the illness seems to be outside the central disease cluster in Mexico .
But history offers a dark warning to anyone ready to write off the 2009 H1N1 virus .
The Spanish flu epidemic of 1918 sickened an estimated third of the world 's population .
In each of the four major pandemics since 1889 , a spring wave of relatively mild illness was followed by a second wave , a few months later , of a much more virulent disease .
This was true in 1889 , 1957 , 1968 and in the catastrophic flu outbreak of 1918 , which sickened an estimated third of the world 's population and killed , conservatively , 50 million people .
Lone Simonsen , an epidemiologist at George Washington University , who has studied the course of prior pandemics in both the United States and her native Denmark , says , " The good news from past pandemics , in several experiences , is that the majority of deaths have happened not in the first wave , but later . "
Based on this , Simonsen suggests there may be time to develop an effective vaccine before a second , more virulent strain , begins to circulate .
As swine flu -- also known as the 2009 version of the H1N1 flu strain -- spreads , Simonsen and other health experts are diving into the history books for clues about how the outbreak might unfold -- and , more importantly , how it might be contained .
In fact , the official Pandemic Influenza Operation Plan , or O - Plan , of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is based in large part on a history lesson -- research organized by pediatrician and medical historian Dr. Howard Markel of the University of Michigan .
Markel was tapped by the CDC to study what worked and what did n't during the 1918 flu disaster .
Markel and colleagues examined 43 cities and found that so - called nonpharmaceutical interventions -- steps such as isolating patients and school closings -- were remarkably successful in tamping down the outbreak .
" They do n't make the population immune , but they buy you time , either by preventing influenza from getting into the community or slowing down the spread , " Markel said .
Explainer : Flu facts »
Markel describes a dramatic example in the mining town of Gunnison , Colorado .
In 1918 , town leaders built a veritable barricade , closing down the railroad station and blocking all roads into town .
Four thousand townspeople lived on stockpiled supplies and food from hunting or fishing .
For 3 ½ months , while influenza raged in nearly every city in America , Gunnison saw not a single case of flu -- not until the spring , when roads were reopened and a handful of residents fell sick .
Visit LIFE.com for photographs of the lethal flu pandemic of 1918
Nonpharmaceutical interventions , or NPIs , also proved effective in big cities such as New York , according to Markel .
In fact , the sooner cities moved to limit public gatherings or isolate patients , the less severe their experience tended to be -- as much as an eight - or ninefold difference in case and death rates , he says .
Based on this guidance , the CDC preparedness plan devotes dozens of pages to potential NPIs , from voluntary isolation to reorganizing company work schedules to reduce the density of people sitting next to each other in the office or while riding trains and buses .
If it seems odd to base medical strategy on 90 - year - old newspapers , the approach is increasingly popular .
" There 's a big case for looking at history , " says Simonsen .
" We call it archaeo - epidemiology .
You go to libraries and places like that , dig around , collaborate with people like John Barry and try to quantify what really worked . "
Map : where the flu is today »
Barry is the author of " The Great Influenza , " perhaps the signature history of the devastating 1918 pandemic .
He says the historical record shows that isolating patients worked to slow the spread of flu in 1918 , but that attempted quarantines -- preventing movement in and out of cities -- was " worthless . "
While Barry supports the CDC 's general containment strategy , in the past he has publicly criticized Markel 's work .
After Markel 's findings were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , Barry wrote a letter in response , saying it was n't swift action but rather an earlier wave of mild flu , acting like a vaccination , that was probably responsible for New York 's relatively low caseload .
In the letter , he noted , " New York City Health Commissioner Royal Copeland did tell reporters ... that he would isolate and quarantine cases , " but based on his own articles in the New York Medical Journal , he " apparently never imposed those measures . "
In response , Markel and CDC officials pointed to a decision by the New York Board of Health making influenza a reportable disease , and a 1918 JAMA article describing strict quarantine efforts in New York .
Barry says both those sources rely on Copeland 's assertions , which he considers unreliable .
It looks superficially like an academic feud , but in this field , different conclusions can suggest radically different approaches to quashing a pandemic .
Nowhere is this more true than in research that builds computer models to predict the spread of outbreaks , based on previous ones .
Markel , along with most analysts , says that in prior pandemics , the so - called R - naught number -- the number of new infections caused by each infected person -- has been approximately 2.0 .
The current U.S. pandemic control strategy is based on computer simulations that assume a flu virus with an R - naught between 1.6 and 2.4 .
Last year , however , Simonsen and Viggo Andreasen concluded that the true R - naught of the 1918 flu virus was probably somewhere between 3 and 4 .
Since an epidemic grows exponentially -- each person sickens three others , each of whom infects three more , and so on -- this is a tremendous difference .
" It says it 's going to be harder than we thought " to control a pandemic , Simonsen says .
Barry agrees .
" I do think that some of these things , like isolating [ sick people ] , will take off some of the edge .
We hope they 'll do more than that .
But to think they 'll stop a pandemic , that is just not going to happen . "
Simonsen says control measures such as the steps taken by Mexico in recent days -- closing schools and restaurants , for example -- are still worth the effort .
" It does n't mean we should give up , because we do n't know the R - naught [ for swine flu ] .
We do n't know how easily this spreads . "
But she adds , NPIs are at best a way to buy time .
" We just badly need a vaccine .
That 's the most important thing . "
To date , the CDC has emphasized personal protective steps such as washing hands and using hand gels , as opposed to tightening border controls or issuing formal directives to close schools or limit public gatherings .
Such steps have been left to state and local officials , who have responded in a variety of ways .
One reason for the delay in stronger guidelines is that swine flu caught planners off guard ; they had anticipated being able to recognize a pandemic overseas , weeks or at least days before it hit the United States .
At the same time , CDC acting director Dr. Richard Besser said Thursday that it 's important to let officials tailor their response to local conditions .
" They can take the recommendations we 're providing and apply them locally .
[ By doing that ] we hope to learn and see what are the most effective control strategies . "
Markel agrees that the best response depends on the particular situation .
" History is not predictive science .
And the powers of public health officials [ in 1918 ] were much greater .
Another difference is that people 's trust of doctors and government in 1918 was probably remarkably different ....
But what I have found , studying epidemics , is that good planning and good relationships between local state and federal authorities , goes a long way . "
All About Influenza
The National Bureau of Economic Research released a study to be published soon in the American Economic Journal that shows women 's happiness has measurably declined since 1970 .
It 's no surprise that this has stimulated much comment .
This study covers the same time period as the rise of the so - called women 's liberation or feminist movement .
The correlation demands an explanation .
You can read the entire study at www.eagleforum.org/links.
One theory advanced by the authors , University of Pennsylvania economists Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers , is that the women 's liberation movement " raised women 's expectations " ( sold them a bill of goods ) , making them feel inadequate when they fail to have it all .
A second theory is that the demands on women who are both mothers and jobholders in the labor force are overwhelming .
I 'm neither an economist nor a psychologist , but I 'll join the conversation with my own armchair analysis .
Another theory could be that the feminist movement taught women to see themselves as victims of an oppressive patriarchy in which their true worth will never be recognized and any success is beyond their reach .
Feminist organizations such as the National Organization for Women held consciousness - raising sessions where they exchanged tales of how badly some man had treated them .
Grievances are like flowers -- if you water them , they will grow , and self - imposed victimhood is not a recipe for happiness .
Another theory could be the increase in easy divorce and illegitimacy ( now 40 percent of American births are to single moms ) , which means that millions of women are raising kids without a husband and therefore expect Big Brother government to substitute as provider .
The 2008 election returns showed that 70 percent of unmarried women voted for Barack Obama , perhaps hoping to be beneficiaries of his " spread the wealth " policies .
In the pre-1970 era , when surveys showed women with higher levels of happiness , most men held jobs that enabled their wives to be fulltime homemakers .
The private enterprise system constantly produces goods that make household work and kiddie care easier ( such as dryers , dishwashers and paper diapers ) .
Betty Friedan started the feminist movement in the late 1960s with her book " The Feminine Mystique , " which created the myth that suburban housewives were suffering from " a sense of dissatisfaction " with their alleged - to - be - boring lives .
To liberate women from the home that Friedan labeled " a comfortable concentration camp , " the feminist movement worked tirelessly to make the role of fulltime homemaker socially disdained .
Economic need played no role in the feminist argument that marriage is archaic and oppressive to women .
A job in the labor force was upheld as so much more fulfilling than tending babies and preparing dinner for a hard - working husband .
Women 's studies courses require students to accept as an article of faith the silly notion that gender differences are not natural or biological but are social constructs created by the patriarchy and ancient stereotypes .
This leads feminists to seek legislative corrections for problems that do n't exist .
A former editor of the Ladies ' Home Journal wrote in her book " Spin Sisters " that the anorexic blondes on television are every day selling the falsehood that women 's lives are full of misery and threats from men .
Bernard Goldberg calls the mainstream media " one of America 's most pro-feminist institutions . "
According to feminist ideology , the only gender - specific characteristic is that men are naturally batterers who make all women victims .
On that theory , the feminists conned Congress into passing the Violence Against Women Act ( note the sex discriminatory title ) , which includes a handout of a billion dollars a year to finance their political , legislative and judicial goals .
The feminists whine endlessly using their favorite word " choice " in matters of abortion , but they reject choice in gender roles .
The Big Mama of feminist studies , Simone de Beauvoir , said : " We do n't believe that any woman should have this choice .
No woman should be authorized to stay at home to raise her children ... precisely because if there is such a choice , too many women will make that one . "
The feminists have carried on a long - running campaign to make husbands and fathers unnecessary and irrelevant .
Most divorces are initiated by women , and more women than men request same - sex marriage licenses in Massachusetts so that , with two affirmative - action jobs plus in vitro fertilization , they can create a " family " without husbands or fathers .
Despite the false messages of the colleges and the media , most American women are smart enough to reject the label feminist , and only 20 percent of mothers say they want full - time work in the labor force .
I suggest that women suffering from unhappiness should look into how women are treated in the rest of the world , and then maybe American women would realize they are the most fortunate people on earth .
On Sunday night , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivered a speech that -- by categorically ruling out the creation of a sovereign Palestinian state -- ought to have been seen as a mortal blow to the quest for a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
On Monday morning , however , newspaper headlines across the United States announced that Netanyahu had endorsed the creation of a Palestinian state , and the White House welcomed the speech as “ an important step forward . ”
Reality can be so easily stood on its head when it comes to Israel because the misreading of Israeli declarations is a long - established practice among commentators and journalists in the United States .
In fact , a special vocabulary has been developed for the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in the United States .
It filters and structures the way in which developing stories are misread here , making it difficult for readers to fully grasp the nature of those stories -- and maybe even for journalists to think critically about what they write .
Advertisement
The ultimate effect of this special vocabulary is to make it possible for Americans to accept and even endorse in Israel what they would reject out of hand in any other country .
Let me give a classic example .
In the U.S. , discussion of Palestinian politicians and political movements often relies on a spectrum running from “ extreme ” to “ moderate . ”
The latter sounds appealing ; the former clearly applies to those who must be -- must they not ? -- beyond the pale .
But hardly anyone relying on such terms pauses to ask what they mean .
According to whose standard are these manifestly subjective labels assigned ?
Meanwhile , Israeli politicians are labeled according to an altogether different standard :
They are “ doves ” or “ hawks . ”
Unlike the terms reserved for Palestinians , there ’s nothing inherently negative about either of those avian terms .
Advertisement
So why is no Palestinian leader referred to here as a “ hawk ” ?
Why are Israeli politicians rarely labeled “ extremists ” ?
Or , for that matter , “ militants ” ?
There are countless other examples of these linguistic double standards .
American media outlets routinely use the deracinating and deliberately obfuscating term “ Israeli Arabs ” to refer to the Palestinian citizens of Israel , despite the fact that they call themselves -- and are -- Palestinian .
Similarly , Israeli housing units built in the occupied territories in contravention of international law are always called “ settlements ” or even “ neighborhoods ” rather than what they are : “ colonies . ”
That word may be harsh on the ears , but it ’s far more accurate ( “ a body of people who settle in a new locality , forming a community subject to or connected with their parent state ” ) .
These subtle distinctions make a huge difference .
Unconsciously absorbed , such terms frame the way people and events are viewed .
When it comes to Israel , we seem to reach for a dictionary that applies to no one else , to give a pass to actions or statements that would be condemned in any other quarter .
Advertisement
That ’s what allowed Netanyahu to be congratulated for endorsing a Palestinian “ state , ” even though the kind of entity he said Palestinians might -- possibly -- be allowed to have would be nothing of the kind .
Look up the word “ state ” in the dictionary .
You ’ll probably see references to territorial integrity , power and sovereignty .
The entity that Netanyahu was talking about on Sunday would lack all of those constitutive features .
A “ state ” without a defined territory that is not allowed to control its own borders or airspace and cannot enter into treaties with other states is not a state , any more than an apple is an orange or a car an airplane .
So how can leading American newspapers say “ Israeli Premier Backs State for Palestinians , ” as the New York Times had it ?
Or “ Netanyahu relents on goal of two states , ” as this paper put it ?
Because a different vocabulary applies .
Which is also what kept Netanyahu ’s most extraordinary demand in Sunday night ’s speech from raising eyebrows here .
Advertisement
“ The truth , ” he said , “ is that in the area of our homeland , in the heart of our Jewish homeland , now lives a large population of Palestinians . ”
In other words , as Netanyahu repeatedly said , there is a Jewish people ; it has a homeland and hence a state .
As for the Palestinians , they are a collection -- not even a group -- of trespassers on Jewish land .
Netanyahu , of course , dismisses the fact that they have a centuries - old competing narrative of home attached to the same land , a narrative worthy of recognition by Israel .
On the contrary : The Palestinians must , he said , accept that Israel is the state of the Jewish people ( this is a relatively new Israeli demand , incidentally ) , and they must do so on the understanding that they are not entitled to the same rights .
“ We ” are a people , Netanyahu was saying ; “ they ” are merely a “ population . ”
“ We ” have a right to a state -- a real state .
“ They ” do not .
And the spokesman for our African American president calls this “ an important step forward ” ?
Advertisement
In any other situation -- including our own country -- such a brutally naked contrast between those who are taken to have inherent rights and those who do not would immediately be labeled as racist .
Netanyahu , though , is given a pass , not because most Americans would knowingly endorse racism but because , in this case , a special political vocabulary kicks in that prevents them from being able to recognize it for exactly what it is .
Ziegler : " Flagrant violation of international law "
Human rights investigator Jean Ziegler said they had driven people out of insurgent strongholds that were about to be attacked by cutting supplies .
Mr Ziegler , a Swiss - born sociologist , said such tactics were in breach of international law .
A US military spokesman in Baghdad denied the allegations .
" A drama is taking place in total silence in Iraq , where the coalition 's occupying forces are using hunger and deprivation of water as a weapon of war against the civilian population , " Mr Ziegler told a press conference in Geneva .
He said coalition forces were using " starvation of civilians as a method of warfare . "
" This is a flagrant violation of international law , " he added .
' False allegations '
Mr Ziegler said he understood the " military rationale " when confronting insurgents who do not respect " any law of war " .
But he insisted that civilians who could not leave besieged cities and towns for whatever reason should not suffer as a result of this strategy .
Lieutenant Colonel Steve Boylan , a US military spokesman , later rejected the accusations .
" Any allegations of us withholding basic needs from the Iraqi people are false , " he said .
Even though some supplies had been delayed during fighting , he argued that " all precautions " were being taken to take care of civilians .
" It does not do relief supplies any good if you have them going into a firefight , " he said .
The Geneva Conventions forbid depriving civilians of food and water .
Cutting off food supply lines and destroying food stocks is also forbidden .
Mr Ziegler , who opposed the US - led invasion of Iraq , said he would urge the UN General Assembly to condemn this practice when he presented his yearly report on 27 October .
