Stella D’Oro strikers rally as New York unions continue to isolate strike
By A. Wood
6 June 2009
More than 700 people marched last weekend in the Bronx , New York to the scab - run Stella D’Oro cookie factory in what was advertised as a citywide rally to defend strikers who have been on the picket line for almost 10 months after refusing to accept wage and benefit concessions .
Eddie Marrero , who has worked at Stella D’Oro for 29 years , told the WSWS , “ Today is a big day , a special day .
This is the biggest rally we have had , and it shows that everyone is facing the same thing .
Things are now turning into just rich and poor in this country .
Can we stop this ?
I hope our strike is an inspiration to this work . ”
The statement reflected the anger and determination of the Stella D’Oro workers , whose strike began before the financial meltdown last September and is continuing as many more people , in New York City and around the country , are facing the same situation of wage - cutting and job losses .
This was the biggest march and rally held by the 136 members of Local 50 of the Bakery , Confectionery , Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers ( BCTGM ) International Union , AFL - CIO .
Despite the solidarity shown by workers , however , it is clear that the labor bureaucracy continues to keep the strikers isolated .
The Stella D’Oro strike began on August 13 , 2008 after the private equity firm Brynwood Partners , headquartered in Greenwich , Connecticut , walked out of negotiations demanding the workers accept concessions of $ 1 per hour each year of a five - year contract .
The venture capital firm is demanding workers give up all 12 of their sick days , a week of vacation , four paid holidays and overtime .
It is also attempting to make workers pay healthcare premiums .
Today the Stella D’Oro strikers are being told by the BCTGM and the AFL - CIO to wait for justice from the National Labor Relations Board after it issued a “ refusal to bargain ” complaint charging Brynwood with violating the law .
Bitter experience has shown that waiting for a legal victory from the NLRB is a dead end .
The union is also claiming that the Obama administration will come to the aid of the strikers .
Oscar Hernandez
Oscar Hernandez , with 21 years at Stella D’Oro , explained what was happening with the strike and gave his evaluation of the Obama administration , “ We went to the National Labor Board and are waiting for a decision of the judges there .
We are saying that using scabs to make the cookies is an unfair labor practice .
It is now before two judges appointed by Bush .
“ They are bailing out the banks , but not the people .
It is Obama doing this .
Look at the generals who are now saying they will be in Iraq and Afghanistan for another 10 years .
I do n’t think it is fair because Obama said he was going to get the troops out of Iraq .
He is lying .
We had hope with Obama , but now we have been on strike for over nine months . ”
Workers who came to the rally to support the strikers also spoke to the WSWS .
Joycelyn Gill - Campbell , an organizer for nonunion domestic workers , said , “ I am here to support the Stella D’Oro workers because they are part of the working class .
The working class has been in crisis for long before this strike .
The domestic workers have been part of this crisis since the days of slavery .
She said that the estimated 200,000 domestic workers in the New York metropolitan area — and up to 2 million nationally — are not covered by most labor laws and are forced to work long hours for low pay , while sometimes they are n’t paid at all .
“ The problem is that the system has to change , and this can only happen when the working class stands together , ” she said .
Ilias Iliakostas
Ilias Iliakostas is an unemployed painter .
He told the WSWS , “ I ’ve been out of work for four months now .
I was working all over Manhattan , but now construction throughout the city has been delayed because the banks are not making loans .
“ Contractors , subcontractors , everything is run on loans .
Since the banks have gone down , they have stopped lending .
The banks have been given trillions by the government , but they wo n’t lend for construction .
Yet the CEOs are still getting their bonuses .
“ New construction starts from companies like Tishman Construction , who become general contractors for everything .
Then Structure Tone becomes an inside subcontractor .
Painters and electricians are hired by the inside subcontractors , but all projects are on hold now .
Last year they had the money to finish up some projects , but this year no new construction is starting .
The banks are saying the money is n’t being released by Washington , but I do n’t know what to believe .
“ The painters still have a contract running for two more years .
We were supposed to get a raise of $ 1 per hour in May .
The Building Trade Association did n’t open our contract over the May raise , but we did n’t get it .
The union said it would put the $ 1 raise into our annuity because a lot of money was lost from there by the banks .
There was a lot of talk about cutting our wages by $ 8 an hour .
That would have been a 25 percent wage cut .
I assumed Obama would do well when he ran for office .
Promises have been made , but nothing has been done .
There will be just poor and rich .
People are still losing their homes .
It is like hitting your head against a brick wall wherever you turn . ”
Alonso Gomez
Alonso Gomez , a 65 - year - old Stella D’Oro worker with 19 years seniority , expressed his determination to fight concessions and his disenchantment with the union strategy of supporting Obama .
“ All the unions around the country supported Obama .
They gave him money and the vote .
When he got to the White House , Obama said he supported working people , and we believed him .
Obama said he would put in a secretary of labor who would help with working class problems , but things are n’t any better with Hilda Solis .
I do n’t want to give concessions to anybody .
I do n’t want cuts in anything .
Not in wages .
Not in benefits .
“ The rich people in this country crashed the system , and now they are asking the working class to give concessions .
There are disputes within the rich over which one will dominate , but when it comes to the working people , they agree : we will pay .
But I wo n’t give concessions . ”
My favorite project of the year may be Schwern 's perl5i .
His goal is to fix as much of Perl 5 in one swoop .
Unlike my Modern : : Perl , he 's not limiting himself to core modules and pragmata .
Anything on the CPAN that fixes a deficiency or problem in the language is fair game .
That goal may remind you of the goals of modern Perl .
That means autobox and autobox : : Core and signatures and Devel : : Declare .
The i stands for imaginary in the same way that the square root of negative one is an imaginary number .
( Yes , clever Reddit and OSNews kiddies .
It can also stand for " irrational " , thus Perl 5 is irrational .
Your scathing wit withers discussion .
Have a lollipop . )
This is important for several reasons .
First , it 's a great , grand experiment to discover what Perl 5 could be right now .
It 's a great language and you can do amazing things with it , but it has its flaws .
What if someone could correct them ?
Perl 5.10.1 wo n't fix them .
Perl 5.12 probably wo n't .
The DarkPAN is too big and scary to change Perl 5's defaults all even by the time of Perl 5.14 -- but if you choose to use perl5i , presumably you know what you 're doing .
What would the language look like and how would it work then ?
Perhaps some features will make their way into the core .
Second , it 's a great , grand opportunity to make sure that all of these new pragmata and features and syntaxes work together nicely .
It 's much easier to makechanges now -- to discover incompatibilities and subtle infelicities -- when they all get used together .
Better yet , the perl5i hackers can file bugs and work with individual distribution maintainers to seek out consensus and compatibility .
Third , it 's a great , grand educational tool to demonstrate corners of CPAN that deserve far more popularity than they have .
For example , today I suggested the use of the Want module , which fixes a poorly named core keyword and extends it to greater utility .
This module may even help the included autobox :: Core handle reference contexts appropriately .
Right now it 's not stable ; it 's experimental .
It 's worth downloading and testing in your own code , however .
Write software .
See what happens .
File bugs .
Suggest new features .
See what 's compatible and what is n't .
Explore .
Explain .
Enjoy .
2K Games Reveals First Details Of The BioShock® 2 Multiplayer Experience
Digital Extremes tapped to create extensive and exciting multiplayer element for 2 K Games ’ highly anticipated shooter
2K Games , a publishing label of Take - Two Interactive Software , Inc. , announced today that it has signed a partnership with Digital Extremes to develop the multiplayer experience for BioShock ®
2 . Under this partnership , Digital Extremes is working closely with the creative team at 2 K Marin to develop a new and substantial element that enhances the lore and fiction of the BioShock universe .
“ The fans asked for a multiplayer experience and we answered , ” said Christoph Hartmann , president of 2 K .
“ With Digital Extremes delivering a multiplayer experience for BioShock 2 that features all of the things that make BioShock unique , we ’re holding ourselves to a high standard so that we can deliver the depth and variety that fans of the BioShock universe demand . ”
Multiplayer in BioShock 2 provides a rich prequel experience that expands the origins of the BioShock fiction .
Set during the fall of Rapture , players assume the role of a Plasmid test subject for Sinclair Solutions , a premier provider of Plasmids and Tonics in the underwater city of Rapture that was first explored in the original BioShock .
Players will need to use all the elements of the BioShock toolset to survive as the full depth of the BioShock experience is refined and transformed into a unique multiplayer experience that can only be found in Rapture .
Key features :
Evolution of the genetically enhanced shooter – Earn experience points during gameplay to earn access to new Weapons , Plasmids and Tonics that can be used to create hundreds of different combinations , allowing players to develop a unique character that caters to their playing style .
Extend the Rapture fiction – Players will step into the shoes of Rapture citizens and learn more about the fall of Rapture as they progress through the experience .
See Rapture before the fall – Experience Rapture before it was reclaimed by the ocean and engage in combat over iconic environments in locations such as Kashmir Restaurant and Mercury Suites , all of which have been reworked from the ground up to deliver a fast - paced multiplayer experience .
FPS veterans add their touch to the multiplayer experience – Digital Extremes brings more than 10 years of first person shooter experience including development of award - winning entries in the Unreal® and Unreal Tournament® franchise .
BioShock 2 is currently in development at 2 K Marin , 2K Australia and Digital Extremes for PLAYSTATION®3 computer entertainment system , Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and Windows - based PCs .
This title is not yet rated by the ESRB .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
LIKE MOST PEOPLE whose quality of life depends upon the fluctuations of an IRA , 401( k ) , 403 ( b ) , or other acronym - soup retirement account , I was born long before such things existed .
It ’s easy to forget , now that more than half of us have been made shareholders , that until well past the middle of the 20th century , most people had nothing to do with the stock market : Wall Street was for the wealthy and the reckless .
It was a world most Americans did n’t understand and , after 1929 , did n’t trust .
Some lucky people had pensions , but few had the privilege of even thinking about retirement .
They were too busy trying to survive the present — which in my childhood meant the Great Depression and then World War II .
I spent the war years in Washington , DC , where my father had a minor position in the Roosevelt administration .
After school , my brother and I spent most of our time running around the streets , trying to get the air - raid wardens to give us a scrap of nylon parachute , or maybe even one of their cast - off World War I helmets , before the blackout drill began .
One evening , my mother called us into the dining room and solemnly presented each of us with a $ 25 war bond .
That was my first contact with the world of investment .
Compared to a piece of parachute , it was a real downer .
Sixty - five years later it ’s a downer still , as I contemplate my future at a time of deep recession with no pension and a depleted 401( k ) .
And it occurs to me that the very notion of a comfortable , paid retirement may turn out to have been a temporary phenomenon , with a life span almost precisely the same as my own .
The United States instituted military pensions after the Civil War , but German chancellor Otto von Bismarck is generally credited with creating the first national pension system , in the late 1880s , partly to combat the growing appeal of Marxism .
Since Bismarck ’s pensions kicked in at 70 , and the average life expectancy in Germany at the time was under 45 , it was n’t much of an investment on the part of the state .
In fact , until about World War II , a majority of people died before they reached what we now think of as retirement age ; those who made it to 65 depended on savings or relatives , or went to the poorhouse .
The truly pivotal moment in the history of paid retirement came in the year before my birth , 1935 , which saw the passage of the Social Security Act ( again , in part to ward off more radical proposals ) .
This system lifted millions of the elderly out of poverty , though it would never , by itself , provide a comfortable living .
That came with the rise of employer - funded pensions , which were fought for by unions in the early part of the century and expanded during World War II , when they became a way to reward workers during government - mandated wage freezes .
Suddenly , retirement became a possibility for millions of American workers .
These workers had “ defined benefit ” plans , which promised a steady monthly payment at retirement .
Although a portion of the pension funds might be invested in the stock market , the payout to workers did n’t depend on the market ’s fluctuations .
After the war , my father joined IBM and remained there for about 15 years .
I remember that he was constantly in debt from paying our college tuitions and medical bills for his ailing parents .
He never talked about it , but every so often , I would see a line of bills from credit companies spread out on the bed .
He had a fierce dislike of Wall Street and the banking industry , formed during the Depression and abetted now by his high - interest debts .
Although he had a three - hour round - trip commute on the New York Central Railroad every day from our home in a then - unfashionable part of the Hudson Valley , he often remarked how grateful he was that he did n’t have to ride the New Haven trains with all the cocktail - wielding brokers .
Even if he ’d had any money to spare , he would n’t have invested it on Wall Street .
But when he retired , he got his pension , which my mother continued to collect after he died — not much , but enough to live on in a frugal way .
I WAS PLUNGED into the world of finance when I got my first job , at the Wall Street Journal , at the beginning of the 1960s .
They put me to work writing up corporate bonds , especially new public offerings , on the Dow Jones ticker .
Every time there was a bond sale , I would call up the manager of the syndicate of investment banks selling the securities to find out what had happened .
He would invariably say , “ Over­subscribed , and the books closed , ” which would be duly noted , along with the selling price , on the ticker .
The bonds were always quickly snapped up by institutional investors and others in the know .
I had only the thinnest understanding of how any of this worked , but I dutifully wrote everything down , and no one seemed to complain .
The first ordinary person I met who regularly invested in the stock market was a guy I ’ll call Frankie , who was in my National Guard unit .
While working at the Journal , I was still satisfying my Guard service requirement with two - week summer stints as a truck and jeep driver , upstate at Camp Drum , along with periodic training sessions at the armory on Lexington Avenue .
I use the term “ training session ” loosely :
The Fighting 69th has a robust record of combat stretching back to the Civil War , but in those days , we spent a good deal of our time on the armory roof , smoking , drinking beer , and listening to Frankie recount his days driving rich people around at his job at the Jaguar showroom uptown .
Frankie always had tips that he ’d picked up from his well - to - do customers .
The next morning we would rush out to a broker and put down $ 100 on some obscure stock that , according to Frankie ’s sources , was all set to skyrocket .
I remember watching the newspapers as one of our stocks held steady and then , right on schedule , began to rise — from $ 7 a share to $ 8 to $ 8.50 .
We rubbed our hands in expectation of the proceeds that would soon be raining down on us , delighted that through Frankie we had tapped into the magic circle of rich people who got even richer by playing the stock market .
Then our stock dropped overnight , to $ 2 a share .
On the roof the following week , Frankie was sheepish and apologetic , but unperturbed .
The market went up and the market went down , he shrugged .
To make money you had to stick it out .
He promised to get us a new and better tip from the Jaguar buyers .
At the Journal , meanwhile , I was moved to the banking section , where I was assigned to cover mutual funds — something I ’d never heard of before coming to the paper .
Instead of buying shares of this or that stock , a mutual fund would bundle up a number of investments : blue - chip companies , or technology stocks , or low - priced securities that amounted to little more than fliers in high - risk markets .
The mix within the fund , and its return , was the handiwork of supposedly astute advisers whose fortunes rose and fell depending on how their funds performed .
Although the first modern mutual fund was founded in the 1920s , they were rare until the postwar period and still did n’t account for much in the early 1960s .
At the time I was given the mutual fund beat , it was scorned by the other , more upwardly mobile reporters .
As John Bogle , legendary founder of the Vanguard Group of funds , reminded me in a recent interview , the prevailing attitude was that mutual funds were for people “ too dumb to do anything else ” — those who did n’t have the sophistication to deal in individual securities .
But the old guard of Wall Street — well - bred WASPs and German Jews who viewed the whole financial world as an insiders ’ club — was being challenged by new firms coming into the over - the - counter market , many of them run by upstart kids from immigrant families .
Some of these less hidebound denizens of the Street saw mutual funds for what they were : an opportunity to take advantage of the postwar boom and bring a flood of new , middle - class investors into the market .
I dutifully began going to mutual fund meetings , usually held at swank downtown men ’s clubs .
There was always plenty of whiskey , high - class hors d’oeuvres , and sexy women handing out quarterly reports .
Afterward , we would stagger back to our papers and write up a paragraph or two .
Then , unexpectedly , I got a real story .
An editor at the Journal had heard about a series of stockholder suits accusing some big mutual funds of ripping off consumers through a series of hidden fees , all appearing to come from different companies — investment advisers , sales outfits , management concerns — when in fact all were part of an interlocking network .
Fees have always been one of the built - in scams of mutual funds , which charge investors for managing , operating , and even marketing and advertising the fund .
On average , the fees add up to 1.5 percent of the value of an account , but they can run as high as 3.5 percent a year .
This means that a fund showing a 7 percent gross return has a net return to investors of 3.5 percent after taking into account the 3.5 percent fee .
As Rep. George Miller ( D - Calif. ) , chairman of the House Committee on Education and Labor , put it during a February hearing on retirement security , “ Wall Street middlemen live off the billions they generate from 401 ( k ) s by imposing hidden and excessive fees that swallow up workers ’ money .
Over a lifetime of work , these hidden fees can take an enormous bite out of workers ’ accounts . ”
Congress , of course , has known about this scandal for years , and has periodically floated legislation to limit certain types of mutual fund fees , or at least demand full disclosure .
Committees have held hearings , the Government Accountability Office has produced studies , and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) has paid a good deal of lip service to the matter .
But in the more than four decades since those first stockholder suits , through Republican and Democratic administrations alike , no meaningful changes have been made .
Instead , the most significant challenge to the mutual fund fee rip - off has come from inside the industry , through John Bogle ’s invention of the index fund .
Bogle ’s Vanguard funds gave the lie to the fee scam by replacing the vaunted genius of the mutual fund manager with a computer that constantly evaluates the value and trajectory of different funds ; his average fees are 20 percent of the industry average .
( In the same spirit , the Chicago Sun -Times has in recent years had a monkey picking stocks .
The monkey ’s four - year streak of beating the market was broken in 2007 — but he still managed to outperform some major financial advisers . )
The Journal eventually fired me , and I could n’t blame them : I did n’t understand mutual funds , and I barely understood stocks , bonds , or banking — save the ever - present dread of a bounced check .
So I went to London , where I worked as a waiter in a mod coffee bar in North London to supplement my freelance work for the London Observer .
But even there , I could n’t shake the mutual fund jinx .
Right away I was dispatched to Edinburgh to cover the annual meeting of a new mutual fund company .
The scene was just like the one in New York , except that the whiskey was older , the girls were younger , and the financial jargon was dished out by smiling Scotsmen whose accent I could barely decipher .
Their message , as far as I could make out , was just like the New York executives ’ , too : Mutual funds were just brilliant because they pooled resources and spread out risk , allowing ordinary lads to partake in the bounty of the market .
On both sides of the Atlantic , mutual funds at this point were promoted as a way to democratize investment .
Never mind that what made the funds accessible to the common man and woman — the fact that they mixed together an ever - changing stew of financial instruments and then ladled it out in affordable portions — also made them inscrutable to most investors ( and most elected officials as well ) .
No one seemed to know what might be buried in those funds — and no one seemed to care .
It was the perfect manifestation of J. Paul Getty ’s adage : “ Money is like manure .
You have to spread it around or it smells . ”
And mutual funds were about to start really shoveling it — courtesy of the US government .
ON SEPTEMBER 20 , 1980 , a Philadelphia benefits consultant named Ted Benna discovered an obscure codicil in the tax code known as section 401 ( k ) , under which employees would not be taxed on income they chose to receive as “ deferred ” compensation — money they did n’t use until later .
The provision had been passed , without any hearings or public debate , just two years earlier as a favor to bank holding companies — but Benna realized that the wording of the law was not limited to banks .
Any company could create a savings account in which employees could sock away a little pretax money every paycheck , money that might or might not be supplemented by the employer .
Some of the early supporters of the 401 ( k ) hoped both to spur personal retirement savings and to encourage companies without any pension plans to start them up ; “ defined contribution ” accounts were also seen as more useful for workers who did n’t stay in one job long enough to accumulate a significant pension benefit .
Others no doubt recognized them for what they were : a huge boon to corporate America , which quickly moved to replace costly defined - benefit plans with 401 ( k ) s invested in mutual funds .
Unions were pressured to acquiesce to cuts in benefits , and workers were sold the idea that 401 ( k ) s offered more “ choice ” and the chance of high returns in the market .
For employers it was heaven :
The more stock touts prospered , the more they could cut back their own contributions to retirement plans as well as the premiums they paid to the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ( PBGC ) .
Better yet , they could make their contributions in shares of their own stock and channel employee contributions that way as well — a practice that helped Enron , among others , inflate its stock and left employees high and dry when it collapsed .
It soon became clear that 401 ( k ) s were not going to supplement pensions , but replace them .
( See “ Scrambled Nest Eggs . ” )
Congress did its part , raising premiums for defined - benefit plans ( which had to contribute to the PBGC ) and thus making 401 ( k ) s ( which did not ) more attractive .
As time went on , more and more companies froze their defined - benefit plans , creating a two - tiered system whereby longtime workers got to keep their traditional pensions while new employees were routed into 401 ( k ) plans .
In addition to their advantages for employers , 401 ( k ) s favored wealthier workers in higher tax brackets , who stood to benefit more from being able to set aside a portion of their salaries tax free .
No one seemed much bothered by the move of a vast portion of Americans ’ retirement funds into risky securities - based funds .
The Fed supported the 401 ( k ) boom , just as it later would the housing boom , by championing deregulation and keeping interest rates low .
Who would choose to invest their retirement funds in safe but low - interest bonds or T - bills when they could make 10 , 15 , or 20 percent in the market ?
In 1983 , according to a survey conducted by two securities - industry groups , just 15.9 percent of American households owned equities ; by 2005 , the figure was 56.9 percent .
More than half of households that owned stocks had first gotten into them through a 401 ( k ) or similar account .
I PERSONALLY took part in the 401 ( k ) revolution , though not by choice .
Through the 1960s and ’ 70s , I worked at The New Republic and a couple of small publications I cofounded .
By this time I understood a little more about how finance capitalism worked , having read the footnotes to Marx ’s Capital — but since I also now had a house and a son and no money to spare , I never faced any moral dilemmas over whether or not to invest for the future via the corrupt free market .
By the 1980s , I had landed at the Village Voice , and when the staff formed a union , one of its demands was a pension plan .
By then the defined - benefit plans were out of style , and the best we could get was a 401 ( k ) with a small employer contribution .
Like most 401 ( k ) plans , this one was managed by a major financial company , which offered several choices for where we could put our money .
For the staid old farts there was the basic fixed - interest - bearing account , eschewed by the knowledgeable high rollers who bet a quarter of their money in growth stocks and a quarter in balanced income , took a flier on small capital start - up companies , and even put a bit of money into some European pharmaceutical company or Asian sweatshop .
To me , it all seemed like hedging your bets at the racetrack : Instead of putting money on a single horse , you put it on several , and hoped they would end up at the head of the pack .
At some point , the irritable lady who changed the mix of funds in our 401 ( k ) over the phone gave way to an online system .
Now everyone could be his own broker , Las Vegas in your living room .
You heard stories of steelworkers turning up on million - dollar yachts in the Caribbean after their plants closed — thanks to their 401 ( k ) winnings .
Folk heroes rose out of the mutual fund business , brash young investment advisers who won huge returns , geniuses who ran hedge funds , touting one stock or another .
I watched my 401 ( k ) earnings grow , and at some point , I actually began to think that if I were forced out of the journalism business at 65 , I might be able to live on the proceeds .
I was far from alone , of course .
In 1983 , 62 percent of workers relied on a defined - benefit plan ; by 2007 , only 17 percent did , while 63 percent only had a 401 ( k ) or similar defined - contribution plan .
Assets in 401 ( k ) s had jumped from $ 92 billion in 1984 to $ 3 trillion .
The rise of mutual funds , combined with the ’90s boom and America ’s demographic realities , did in fact help to drive the current financial crisis .
While common sense told you that there was bound to be a crash — that there simply could n’t be that large a pool of genuinely secure , high - quality investments with the kinds of yields people had gotten used to in the 1990s — the global economy bought it nonetheless .
“ Because , you see , ” writes MSNBC financial analyst Jim Jubak , “ it ’s the only way out for an aging world that ’s running a huge shortage of the real stuff .
So investors were all too willing to buy fake investment - grade paper — at prices commanded by the real investment - grade stuff — until finally the con was revealed . ”
Even the mutual fund scandal of 2003 — prompted by then - New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer ‘s discovery that a number of major funds and investment houses had colluded on buying and selling shares after the close of daily trading , at a high cost to the small - time , long - term investors who had money in 401 ( k ) s— did n’t do much to dampen enthusiasm for the industry .
Congress considered some legislation that never passed , the SEC did a bit of impotent saber rattling , Spitzer was defanged by a sex scandal , and investments in mutual funds continued to grow .
Then the crackup began — starting with the speculative - grade instruments so often bundled together in mutual funds and passed off as secure places for Americans ’ nest eggs .
That very “ bundling , ” which was supposed to render the funds safer than individual securities by spreading out risk , actually made it easier to bury bad investments amid the good ones .
Many of these funds turned out to be like the stacks of 20s proffered by counterfeiters , with genuine bills showing on the outside and the fake stuff sandwiched in between .
Sometime after I was fired from the Voice in the wake of its 2005 takeover by the New Times chain , a cheery young man called from the 401 ( k ) company .
He introduced himself as Joe and offered to guide me into switching my funds to an Individual Retirement Account .
Having been impressed by my interviews with John Bogle , I told him I was thinking of moving my money to Vanguard .
He demurred , saying he would personally provide me with all the help I needed , offering me private phone numbers and so on .
I felt like Joe wanted to be friends .
He explained how my money was to be invested , much of it in fixed - rate instruments , and I agreed .
Time passed , the market took a downturn , and I noticed on one of my monthly statements that the fixed - rate investments had disappeared , replaced by what looked like a money market account .
I called the company and asked for my old friend Joe .
Joe was n’t available , I was told , but another adviser would help me .
A man got on the phone and explained that my instruments had “ matured . ”
I said that I was nervous and wanted to get into something really safe , even if at a lower rate .
The man quickly assured me that the market was fine , just going through one of its temporary corrections .
But every investor was different , he said , and he was anxious to find my “ comfort level . ”
I said that to be on the safe side , since I ’d recently turned 70 , I would like to invest in US Treasuries , perhaps of an intermediate term .
He was silent for a moment , then finally said , “ Let me get a real expert on the phone .
You ’ll be speaking to Robert .
He ’s a veteran of the market and knows bonds in and out . ”
There was a pause , and Robert got on the phone .
I told him I was thinking about Treasuries , and he let out a bellow of laughter .
“ Good god , no , ” said Robert .
“ That would be terrible .
Nobody — nobody should put money into Treasuries . ”
“ But … ”
“ NO .
That would be foolhardy .
I have been in this a long time , ” Robert said .
“ The market goes up .
The market goes down .
Do n’t worry about it . ”
He sounded a lot like Frankie had 45 years earlier on the armory roof .
Robert assured me that everything would be all right .
In fact , he said , this would be a good time to take advantage of the downturn and buy more stocks while they were cheap .
I said goodbye , not wanting to upset Robert further .
He sounded like he might be about to have a stroke .
I later learned that Treasuries have a far smaller sales margin than stocks and bonds .
I finally did move my money to another mutual fund company .
Following its advice , I put it in a bundle of indexed funds that were supposed to be good for old people who might need to start using the money soon .
These so - called target - date funds had relatively low proportions of stocks .
Not low enough , as it turned out .
In 2008 , the average value of stock mutual funds dropped 38 percent ; bond funds dropped 8 percent .
Among 401 ( k ) holders , older people who had worked and contributed for 20 years or more , and amassed substantial savings , fared the worst , losing an average of about 25 percent of value , even after counting the money they added through the years .
( On top of that , many companies — including Mother Jones — have suspended employer matching for retirement accounts as a result of the economic crisis . )
As for the supposedly safe target - date funds , those designed for investors planning to retire in 2010 — less than a year from now — they lost 22 percent .
That ’s about what my losses have come to .
If I ’d moved into Treasuries , as my instincts dictated , I would n’t have earned much , but my principal would have been protected .
SO WHAT happens next ?
George Soros , the genius commodities man , says there is no bottom in sight for the market .
Nouriel Roubini , a .k.a.
“ Dr. Doom , ” the New York University professor who has been predicting disaster for years , says the American capitalist financial system has collapsed and cannot be revived .
Vanguard ’s John Bogle , who predicted the recession two years ago , sees the market continuing to sink before recovery begins .
“ This is the most difficult set of market conditions I have seen , ” he told me .
Stocks may recover over the next decade , but by then I may be dead .
What do I do ?
“ If you ca n’t afford to lose another red cent , ” Bogle told me when I interviewed him again at the end of January , “ you must get out of the stock market . ”
But to go where ?
It ’s too late for me — but clearly the time has come to reform the system that got us to this point .
One substantive idea comes from Teresa Ghilarducci , a professor of economics at the New School in New York City who was asked to draw up a pension - reform proposal for the Economic Policy Institute .
The institute ’s proposal is for a “ mixed system ” that relies on “ a strong defined - benefit pension system and a strong Social Security system . ”
To this it adds what it calls “ Guaranteed Retirement Accounts , ” under which workers who do n’t have access to a defined - benefit plan would be required to put 2.5 percent of their income ( matched with another 2.5 percent from their employers ) into investment funds run by Social Security and earning a rate of return guaranteed by the federal government .
Modest though it may be , this proposal sadly represents the outer edge of a political debate that is more likely to end up with yet another wishy - washy compromise .
As part of its new budget , for example , the Obama administration in February laid out plans for what it calls “ a system of automatic workplace pensions , to operate alongside Social Security , that is expected to dramatically increase ” retirement and personal savings .
The term “ pension ” in this case is grossly misleading :
The plan does little more than require employers that do n’t offer retirement plans already to enroll employees in a “ direct - deposit IRA account ” unless they opt out .
This pretty much amounts to 401 ( k ) s for all , with the difference being perhaps some improvement in regulation .
Likewise , Congress , never one to throw up obstacles to the advancement of the mutual fund industry , is considering changes to 401 ( k ) structure to head off a rising chorus of screams from angry geezers , who make up a growing sector of the electorate .
Proposals include a tepid remake of the 401 ( k ) , adding on portability and preventing companies from using the plan assets to prop up their own stocks and bonds .
“ There are all sorts of reforms that could be helpful — but only at the margins , ” notes Karen Ferguson , director of the Pension Rights Center and a leader in a new coalition called Retirement USA , who has long argued for a change in the nation ’s retirement structure .
These reforms range from disclosure of fees to better conflict - of - interest rules on investment advice to adding a fund that only invests in government securities .
But , Ferguson notes , none of these changes would “ produce either adequate or secure incomes . ”
And unlike the Economic Policy Institute ’s plan , all of these approaches preserve the power and profits of Wall Street investment banks .
Some economists find this all needlessly complicated .
James K. Galbraith , University of Texas economist and MoJo contributor ( see “ How Social Security Can Save Us All “ ) , wants to see a simple but decisive change : Increase Social Security benefits to the point that people can live off them , leaving the 401 ( k ) s , in effect , to swing in the wind .
Conservatives , on the other hand , want to cut Social Security and other old - age entitlements to prevent the mythical collapse of a supposedly insolvent system .
( In fact , as Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research has pointed out , Social Security has proved far more solvent and sound than anything Wall Street has produced . )
In any case , with banks hanging by a thread , Wall Street hemorrhaging bailout funds , a growing mass of unemployed workers , and a continuing decline of economic activity , retirement concerns will likely end up last in line .
What will older folks do ?
I can only speak for myself .
After getting myself out of the stock market and doing my best to cut expenses ( and lower my standard of living ) , I ’m working on accepting the fact that the idea of retirement is over .
And I have to wonder if someday the tale of a foolish generation of Americans , who imagined that a lifetime of work would be rewarded with a comfortable and secure old age , will become just another footnote in the annals of the market .
Eric Brocklebank , 64 , got struck by lightning while manning the barbecue .
And what did he have to say about it ?
Sausages .
" It was like an implosion inside my body . "
" There was so much pressure inside of me and I could n't see properly .
I could just make out the faint outline of people heading my way . "
It came in through my arm , which is burnt , then it must have gone down through my body and out through my feet . "
He added : " I was told the only thing I could say as I was drifting in and out of consciousness was ' sausages ' . "
Somebody get this man an award .
Not only does he brave the elements to cook some delicious meat , but he gets struck by lightning and SOMEHOW KEEPS HIS BURNT EYES ON THE SAUSAGE-Y PRIZE .
My God they must have been delicious .
Lightning bolt heats up BBQ [ thesun ]
Thanks to Vask , who nominates Eric for a 2009 Wiener Award .
Simon Frankau , Diomidis Spinellis , Nick Nassuphis , Christoph Burgard .
Going functional on exotic trades .
JFP 19(01):27 - 45 .
The Functional Payout Framework ( fpf ) is a Haskell application that uses an embedded domain - specific functional language to represent and process exotic financial derivatives .
Whereas scripting languages for pricing exotic derivatives are common in banking , fpf uses multiple interpretations to not only price such trades , but also to analyse the scripts to provide lifecycle support and more .
This paper discusses fpf in relation to the wider trading workflow and our experiences in using a functional language in such a system as both an implementation language and a domain - specific language .
Section 3 is a nice discussion of why Haskell was chosen .
Section 4 illustrates one of the major benefits of using DSLs , namely that different backends can be applied to programs written in the DSL , allowing various types of runtime behavior and analysis without the need to re-code each program for each purpose ( thus n+m , rather than n*m programs ) .
Another topic that may be worth discussing is the authors ' dislike of point free style .
What we really need , of course , are DSLs for financial regulation ( and possibly for specifying various definitions of honesty ) , but that 's a separate issue ...
In order to justify the stressfulness of the stress tests , folks keep repeating the line that the estimated losses would be worse than the Great Depression .
That 's somehow supposed to be reassuring , and it appeals to the ( entirely psychological ) idea that however bad things get , the Depression is surely the low mark .
But this is purely false comfort .
The massive loan losses we 're seeing are simply the result of an economic downturn -- it 's the result of an economic downturn coming on the heels of a period of horrible lending profligacy .
Subprime , alt - A , no -doc , cov-lite , HELOC ... all kinds of garbage was lent out .
And besides , the crisis is fundamentally different than the Great Depression -- Back then , the banks were fairly sound , and truly suffered a crisis of confidence .
Now we have FDIC guarantees , guaranteed overnight lending and other measures to stave off the crisis of confidence , but gloss over the crisis of bank losses .
So , sorry , this particular Great Depression comparison does n't do much for us .
More than 1 billion people world wide lack access to clean , safe drinking water1 .
That ’s about 20 % of the Earth ’s population .
More than 2.6 billion people lack access to adequate sanitation2 .
That ’s over 40 % of the globe .
World Water
Day is an international day of action and observance to draw attention to their situation , and you can get involved to help spread the word .
The United Nations ( UN ) General Assembly passed a resolution in 1992 designating March 22 of each year as World Water Day .
The first event was held in 1993 , and with each year , the event has grown larger and stronger , with marches , rallies , and consciousness - raising activities held locally , nationally , and internationally .
The topic of this year ’s event is transboundary waters : bodies of water , drainage basins , oceans , seas , rivers , lakes , groundwater and wetlands that transcend international boundaries .
These waters have the potential as the focus of conflict , and World Water Day events are aimed at teaching about the importance of continued cooperation among nations with shared river basins and bodies of water .
“ There are 263 transboundary river basins .
Over 45 percent of the land surface of the world is covered by river basins that are shared by more than one country .
Over 75 percent of all countries , 145 in total , have within their boundaries shared river basins .
And 33 nations have over 95 percent of their territory within international river basins . ”
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHgiHDHIjFc
Check the list of events around the world here or here for something near you , or start your own march or walk .
The World Water Day site has downloadable graphics , wallpaper , brochures , and T - shirt templates , along with videos and photos to share .
For a little more about the global water crisis , watch the trailer from Flow : For Love of Water , below :
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7JYS7My6nU
Be sure to check out the interactive event map for World Water Day , and remember :
“ Whether we live upstream or downstream , we are all in the same boat . ”
1 WaterAid , 2005 , 2 UNICEF / WHO Water for Life , Making it Happen , 2005
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Television images in the future will look brighter and crisper than ever , but cost may put them beyond the reach of most people .
It is likely that those future TVs will be ultra - thin devices , 3 mm thick , that use organic light - emitting diodes ( OLED ) to produce sharp images based on red , green and blue pixels .
OLED TVs are also more energy efficient than LCD panels because they do not need a backlight to boost brightness .
OLED could one day be used for clothing and images on windows Instead , each pixel on this type of screen is made from an organic material that emits its own light .
David Fyfe , the boss of Cambridge Display Technology , explained that OLED screens are " different " from other display technologies .
" The first thing you notice is that if you move out to the side , or you move above it or below it , you will see the same image at the same brightness as you would if you were facing it straight on , " he said .
By contrast , LCD flat - panels often have a very narrow viewing range .
' Mass consumer '
Organic displays are being developed further by Kodak which invented the first basic OLED device in the 1970s .
The company already makes a wireless OLED photo frame with a hefty £ 690 ( $ 1,000 ) price tag .
Patrick Cowan , from Kodak , acknowledged this product is " not necessarily in the reach of the mass consumer " .
He added that wider adoption of this evolving technology will eventually place it within the affordability of " the general consumer " .
OLED screens are starting to turn up in select mobile phones and MP3 players .
Sony 's newest Walkman ( the NWZ - X1050B and NWZ - X1060B ) has a 3in ( 7.6 cm ) OLED screen which could potentially make it a threat to iPod Touch .
Stuart Silloway said OLED displays look " bright even in direct sunlight " Plus , OQO 's latest handheld computer features a 5in ( 12.7 cm ) OLED screen .
" It has a fantastic contrast ratio - the blacks are very much blacker than you would see and it comes out as a brilliant display , " said John Wilson , a spokesman for OQO .
Scale up While Stuart Silloway from Samsung America noted that displays look " bright even in direct sunlight " as another advantage of this tech .
" When you are outside shooting with a digital stills camera , one of the challenges is that the sunlight tends to wash out the display .
With OLED , he said , " you can see that what you are shooting looks natural " .
The world 's first commercial OLED TV launched at the end of last year .
The Sony XEL - 1 has a screen 11in ( 28 cm ) across and in the UK costs in excess of £ 3000 .
Now manufacturers have said they intend to scale up to panels between 14 and 21in ( 35 - 53 cm ) by the end of 2009 .
But this in itself will increase the challenge of turning OLED displays into an affordable reality .
This report will be broadcast in this week 's edition of Click on Saturday 21 March at 1130 GMT on the BBC News Channel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sen . Jim DeMint hopes South Carolinians remember that just because Gov. Mark Sanford is in disgrace does n't mean the state lacks a first - class fire - and - brimstone - style faux - religious hypocrite to turn to .
You know , the sad thing is that what counts as " anti-values " is being caught having an affair while married .
It does n't matter if you try to screw tens of thousands of people in your home state out of federally funded jobs in order to advance your national political career .
Christian values , indeed .
* DeMint says the law will " criminalize biblical truth as ' hate speech , ' " that pastors will be prosecuted for hate speech , and that the law takes away freedom of speech .
He says the law will " take away your right to say some things are wrong . "
THIS IS SIMPLY NOT TRUE .
NO PASTOR WILL BE ARRESTED FOR TEACHING THAT HOMOSEXUALITY IS WRONG .
The law includes language that explicitly prevents this , guaranteeing that it cannot be used to inhibit freedom of speech .
DeMint 's claims are wrong , and only perpetuate lies currently used by the anti-gay right .
* DeMint further assumes religious leaders condemn homosexuality and oppose hate crimes legislation .
THIS IS NOT TRUE .
We know that many faith leaders support gay and lesbian civil rights and support hate crimes legislation .
* DeMint claims that homophobic " religious principles and biblical teaching " are responsible for America 's goodness and prosperity .
He implies that legislation protecting gay and lesbian people and our families will contribute to the decline of our country .
THIS IS OFFENSIVE .
We know that America 's success is based on beliefs in freedom , democracy , separation of church and state , and fundamental human rights , not on religious teachings or the suppression of gay and lesbian people .
* At the end , DeMint cites the Family Research Council as an important source of information on hate crimes .
THIS IS MISLEADING .
The Family Research Council is a prominent anti-gay organization that supports " the traditional family unit " and most recently opposed President Obama 's extension of federal benefits to same - sex couples .
Indeed , the FRC is one of the organizations sponsoring a " Values Voter Summit " in Washington in September that will focus on " protecting marriage " and will include such speakers as Rush Limbaugh , Sarah Palin , Mike Huckabee , and Laura Ingraham .
For a useful resource on hate crimes legislation and what it will and will not do , please visit MatthewShepard.org .
" First , call or write Senators Jim DeMint and Lindsey Graham and tell them you support hate crimes legislation .
Second , tell Senator DeMint to stop lying about hate crimes legislation . "
#
Our friend Balakirev made an excellent point in a comment yesterday on the fading fortunes of South Carolina Gov. Mark " Do As I Say , Not As I Do " Sanford :
Of course one of the things that gets people like our Mark in such trouble when they stray is that they have set themselves up as moral exemplars and , worse still , they make careers out of presuming to hurl thunderbolts , from their position of assumed moral superiority , against all those who fail to live up to their examples .
I 've seen only the excerpts broadcast last night by Rachel Maddow , but one intriguing motif that threaded through the governor 's barely coherent rambling at his press conference yesterday was his belief that religious teachings exist .
He left no doubt that he considers this so with regard to himself .
I do n't think I 'm stretching what he said to infer that he considers himself a giant mass of sin waiting to explode were it not for the restraints imposed by his religion .
Does n't seem all that remarkable to you ?
We 're all conceived in sin , right ?
Well , I think this is perhaps more telling than the " Christian values " people realize .
In this view , morality is n't a matter of choosing to do what 's right , it 's a matter of internalizing voices that are n't part of you to prevent you from acting the way you really want to .
Moral behavior becomes in essence theof human instinct .
Now obviously we need to learn to control many of our impulses .
This is a crucial part of what maturing and spiritual growth are about .
But again , that is n't what these people are saying .
They 're saying that people can't ever be trusted to understand the difference between right and wrong and make choices accordingly , but instead have to have these external drillmasters metaphorically whacking their knuckles with rulers to keep them from straying from the path of righteousness .
This sounds like a pretty degraded vision of morality to me , not to mention a pretty degraded view of human nature .
More importantly , though , it does tend to explain why such an overwhelming number of our most vociferous fire - and - brimstone preachers of morality fail so badly at practicing what they preach .
They are , after all , merely cesspools of immorality waiting to emerge .
Mark Sanford got all teary when he talked about how he betrayed his family , as he unquestionably did -- and rather more lengthily about how he betrayed his friends and political supporters , which struck me as odd , though no doubt also true .
Yet there did n't seem to be much sense that these werehe made rather than mere givings - in to those debbil urges inside him .
It can be powerfully disconcerting when someone we admire deeply -- and obviously I 'm not thinking here of any - day - now sinners like Governor Sanford , but of people we like to think of as genuinely moral -- " falls from grace , " or falls short of the principled standards we expect of them .
It 's the sort of thing that sends us into sieges of introspection about human frailty , from which some good often emerges .
But that does n't apply to these phony moralists and junk religionists ; they 're just fighting inevitably losing battles against themselves .
South Carolina , I 'm sorry to say ( sorry because it is in many ways such a lovely state with so many fine people ) , has an especially unfortunate history of this sort of junk moralizing .
Remember that it was in South Carolina that George W. Bush , a man totally without moral fiber , unleashed his agents of evil to destroy the campaign of the 2000 - model John McCain ( i.e. , back when Young Johnny still practicedmoral values ) with a campaign of whispered lies .
This is probably not good for the career prospects of the governor .
He who lives by the sword , we 're often told , will die by the sword , and sometimes , at least , the same is true of fake values .
( And let me be clear about this phrase " fake values . "
I do n't mean that the values themselves are fake .
Mark Sanford 's obligations to his wife and family were real , and his betrayal of them despicable .
What I consideris his commitment to a set of values , as opposed to a bunch of rules he 'll get his knuckles rapped if he breaks . )
Believe it or not , I 'm actually trying to get somewhere here .
Friends in South Carolina have lately been calling attention to an especially monstrous initiative by one of the vilest of the fake - values - mongering monsters , their state 's junior U.S. senator , Jim DeMint .
Last week Senator DeMint sent out a letter , on United States Senate letterhead , to " pastors and religious leaders " with the heading :
It 's certainly his right to do so , of course .
What 's not his right is to write such a letter in the form of an unbroken tissue of lies and misrepresentations , which mark him as either a profoundly immoral man or maybe just a pathological liar .
He conjures up all sorts of heinous consequences to religious freedom and practice , all bogus , if Congress extends hate crimes penalties for crimes involving gay people .
You can find the full text of the letter in a Monday post by Alvin McEwen on his Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters blog , " Tell Senator DeMint to stop lying about hate crimes legislation .
" SC Equality has followed up with a mailing that summarizes the DeMint letter as " a series of inaccuracies , misrepresentations , and lies to galvanize his target audience of anti-gay religious leaders , " noting specifically :
The mailing suggests two things we can do :
Here 's the link for e-mailing Senator DeMint .
Tell him it 's time for good Christians to stop lying their guts out .
Labels : Jim DeMint , Mark Sanford , South Carolina
FOUR LOLCATS OF THE APOCOLYPSE
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Originally from Tom Carver at Lakelse Lake near Terrace , B.C , Canada ,
but has been circulating through the internet by email .
Photos and commentary by Tom Carver
So here is the swan photo .
What a beautiful bird , so graceful and majestic .
Here comes the Eagle !!!
You can see the feathers flying here from the swan .
This one is so amazing to see the actual eagle wing span beside the swan .
The poor swan must be scared to death ...
It is attempting to actually escape death in the air !
The eagle is loosing his grip on the swan in this picture .
.
Now the eagle has just lost his grip on the swan completely .
At this point the swan starts falling straight down .
The swan falls into the water below , swims away and the eagle just looks on at his ' lost ' prey I am amazed at these pictures because I have NEVER seen an eagle attack or tackle something so big in mid-air before .
An open letter to Jennifer Love Hewitt
Dear Ms. Hewitt ,
Can I call you Jennifer ?
No ?
How about Jenny ?
All right , Ms. Hewitt it is .
Big fan , big fan .
Ever since the days of “ Party of Five . ”
Anyway , on the cover of the latest issue of Maxim , the magazine touts your recent photo shoot as your “ sexiest shoot ever . ”
I quickly flipped through to find your photos , and although I ’m not sure what I was expecting , I was a little disappointed .
It was probably a little sexier than this Maxim shoot , but it does n’t hold a candle to the Rolling Stone shoot that produced this wonderful pic .
Qualms aside , I ’m writing today to implore you …no , to beg you , once and for all , to unleash the puppies .
Much has been written about your ample bosom , and there is n’t much to say that has n’t already been said .
Simply stated , they ’re spectacular .
Or at least we think they are .
Herein lies the problem .
You have been understandably reluctant to appear topless in any photo shoots or movies .
I get it — you consider yourself a serious actress and you do n’t want to sully your craft by appearing nude .
But time is wearing thin .
You just turned 30 in February and barring some plastic surgery , they ’re never going to look quite as good as they do today .
So if you have n’t already , please find a photographer you trust and take some revealing ( yet tasteful ) photos .
Like Jessica
Alba ’s derrier , your bosom is of monumental historical significance , and it needs to be documented .
It is of no concern to me whether you decide to release the pictures now or if you choose to lock the negatives away in a safety deposit box somewhere in Iowa , I will sleep easier just knowing that they ’re out there .
Then maybe in 10 or 15 years , when your career needs a boost , you can quietly leak them .
Even if you decided to wait until you were in your 90’s , I ’d be happy to know that future generations would be able to Google “ Jennifer Love Hewitt nude ” and find something other than poorly Photoshopped fakes .
Who knows , depending on how they turn out , these pictures have the potential to do great things .
It ’s not inconceivable that the pictures produced from a full shoot could bring peace to the Middle East or even end the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
Do n’t you see — you owe it to the world , Ms. Hewitt .
Please do n’t let us down .
Mr Rudd has called in the police to investigate the e-mail he says is fake Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has challenged the opposition to prove claims that he abused his position to help a friend 's car - dealing business .
Mr Rudd said opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull must resign if he fails to produce an e-mail on which the claims are based by Monday afternoon .
Mr Turnbull has called for the prime minister to stand down , accusing him of lying to parliament over the issue .
Analysts say it is the biggest test Mr Rudd has faced since he was elected .
The row has been brewing for weeks , since it emerged that car dealer John Grant lent a car to Mr Rudd for use in his constituency .
Mr Grant is a friend and neighbour of the prime minister , and opposition politicians believe Mr Rudd tried to help him secure money from a Treasury fund called OzCar to help his business .
Rudd warning On Friday Treasury official Godwin Grech told a Senate committee he thought he could remember receiving an e-mail regarding funding for the car salesman .
An e-mail then surfaced in Australia 's Daily Telegraph newspaper purporting to contain that exact request from the prime minister 's office .
" Hi Godwin , the PM has asked if the car dealer financing vehicle is available to assist a Queensland dealership , John Grant Motors , who seems to be having trouble getting finance , " the alleged e-mail said .
" If you can follow up on this Asap that would be very useful . "
Mr Rudd , however , says the e-mail is fake and has asked the police to investigate .
He also issued a stark warning to the leader of the opposition .
" If when parliament resumes in 24 hours Mr Turnbull fails to produce this e-mail , this e-mail upon which his entire case against the government is based , for authentication , he has no alternative but to stand in the parliament , apologise and to resign , " he said .
Mr Rudd and his Treasurer Wayne Swan have both denied in parliament trying to help Mr Grant obtain funds .
Mr Turnbull said they both misled parliament and have to quit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They do things differently in Latin America .
Just two weeks after political protests in Peru erupted into violence , the prime minister has announced his resignation and the controversial laws which sparked the unrest have been repealed .
It is the sort of dramatic political victory that is unheard of among British activists .
The win comes at a significant cost , though .
Dozens of protesters and police were killed in the clashes in the Amazonian region of Bagua on 5 June .
Officials say 34 people died , while indigenous leaders put the figure at more than 50 .
The Peruvian president , Alan Garcia , has portrayed the conflict as a misunderstanding between his government and the unsophisticated Amazonian people who cannot grasp the need to attract foreign investment if mineral and petroleum reserves are to be extracted .
The laws which sparked the protests would have allowed mining , oil and gas exploration and other economic development in the Amazon rainforest .
Thousands of indigenous people – fearing that such exploration and exploitation would cause major environmental damage and eventually render their lands uninhabitable – blockaded roads , rivers and fuel pipelines to put pressure on the government .
It is a familiar story in the Andean region .
In 2005 , the government of neighbouring Bolivia was brought down by a series of indigenous protests and blockades over the management of Bolivia 's enormous natural gas reserves .
( A fact which no doubt crossed President Garcia 's mind when he agreed to repeal the law . )
The region is extremely rich in mineral resources .
The Peruvian government has been actively promoting foreign investment , particularly in the mining and hydrocarbons sectors .
Today , Peru is one of the leading mineral producers in the world and Latin America 's top producer of gold , silver , zinc , lead and tin .
How to exploit these valuable natural resources in a way that promotes each country 's development is the most significant political fault line in the Americas .
Governments of the left like Hugo Chávez in Venezuela and Evo Morales in Bolivia favour a mixture of state control and relatively high taxation to help direct the benefits of the highly - profitable extractives sector to the poorest communities .
Alan Garcia of Peru and Alvaro Uribe of Colombia are pursuing a more neoliberal economic agenda which argues that without foreign investment , the natural resource wealth beneath the soil is effectively worthless because it will never be successfully exploited .
The Peruvian government has enthusiastically promoted foreign direct investment , particularly in the extractives sector , over any other measure that might develop its private sector .
Growth rates and exports have dramatically increased , particularly during the years of the commodities boom and Peru 's macro economic indicators are touted as demonstrating success .
But the country 's progress on job creation and poverty reduction has been woefully inadequate .
Around 25 % of children under five suffer from chronic malnutrition ( this rises to a staggering 49 % in the remote mountainous region Huancavelica in the south of Peru ) and no progress has been made in reducing this in the last decade .
During the protests in the Amazon , President Alan Garcia stated that every Peruvian should be entitled to benefit from the nation 's natural resources , and that " the Amazon belonged to all Peruvians , not just a small group of people who live there . "
Christian Aid and the indigenous groups with whom we work in Peru agree that the benefits of the nation 's natural resources should be shared by all Peruvians .
We are not against development .
But with foreign companies allowed to operate in an extremely low tax regime and very limited environmental controls , it is difficult to see how any Peruvians are benefiting .
The vast majority of the profits from this lucrative industry go abroad while the Peruvians are left to cope with the environmental damage .
Dutch researchers have developed a way to ’ print ’ stable cell - containing scaffolds , creating a method that could one day be used to help make tailor - made tissue grafts and even grow whole synthetic organs .
Jacqueline Alblas and her group from the University Medical Centre in Utrecht , The Netherlands , have made polymer hydrogel ’ink ’ materials that are fluid enough to be used in a printing device , but can later be converted into stable structures that do n’t fall apart when handled .
They can incorporate stem cells into the hydrogels to begin the process of tissue generation within the scaffolds .
The cell - laden hydrogel is printed as a long strand , which can be built up into multi-layered structures , explains Alblas .
’ We made a layer of strands , then a cross - hatched layer on top of that to build upwards , but you can also print circles to make tubes . ’
By combining different structures impregnated with different types of cells , it should be possible to build much more complex structures such as tissue grafts that have blood vessels built into them , she adds .
Two problems in printing tissues and organs are the formation of defined , versatile shapes and keeping the cells alive throughout the process and beyond .
Hydrogel polymers are particularly suitable in this last respect as they provide the highly hydrated environment required by cells and allow nutrients and oxygen to diffuse within the structures .
However , Alblas explains , while many hydrogels can hold their shape after printing , they are often very soft and easily squashed when handled , which can ruin detailed structures .
To tackle this problem , the team modified an existing hydrogel to make it photopolymerisable .
Shining UV light on the printed structures activates a crosslinking reaction that fixes the shape of the gel - ’ photopolymerisation means that you can handle the structure , it ’s not a snotty substance anymore , you can just pick it up !’ says Alblas .
The team are initially concentrating on structures for bone grafts , so they incorporated cells from goat bone marrow into their hydrogel .
It is important that the cells can survive and grow within the structure , and they found that the cells survived much better in the new photopolymerisable gel than in non-crosslinked versions , lasting for up to three weeks rather than a few days .
’ The modification of the gel makes it much more suitable for loading with cells , ’ says Alblas .
’ We think this might be because the crosslinking prevents any leftover monomers from disrupting the plasma membranes of the cells . ’
Glenn Prestwich from the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , US , who is also researching hydrogel materials for organ printing , thinks that this is a clever combination of approaches :
’ It addresses the key physicochemical problems of being soft for printing but robust for handling , making it a potentially useful research tool . ’
However , Prestwich sees some problems with the group ’s choice of materials :
’ The major challenges in organ printing are in the maturation , implantation , and integration stages , ’ he explains , ’ and these synthetic polymers are only slowly biodegradable , so do n’t really address the critical design criteria for a clinically useful material . ’
Alblas agrees that these polymers might not be ideal for clinical applications , saying ’ they ’re not very natural gels , and we do n’t have a lot of data on the in vivo characteristics , but our main focus was on the printing properties . ’
Phillip Broadwith
Issue # 97 • January / February , 2006
Jeff Yago , Backwoods
Home ‘s energy writer , recently completed a couple of concealed carry handgun courses .
The classes apparently left some questions hanging in the air , and Jeff passed along a request through Dave Duffy for those questions to be addressed in this space .
Here goes .
Question 1 : “ What are the basic differences in handguns to help determine which is better for home defense , ease of operation ( single versus double action ) , male or female , caliber , number of cartridges ? ”
The question covers a lot of ground , so the answer has to be a bit basic .
A double action revolver with swing - out cylinder is easier in terms of administrative handling ( loading , unloading , checking , cleaning ) than any semiautomatic pistol .
This is a decisive advantage for new shooters , or those who do n’t spend much time maintaining their handgun skills .
Many of today ’s auto pistols are extraordinarily reliable , but if you compare all revolvers with all “ automatics , ” the revolvers win out in terms of certainty of firing without malfunction .
Revolvers are also less maintenance intensive : they do n’t need constant lubrication because they do n’t have the long bearing surfaces that are at work within an autoloader ’s mechanism as it is operated .
The downside of the revolver is less firepower : in the calibers you ’d want for self - defense , cartridge capacity is somewhere between five and eight .
Even with a speedloader , a revolver is slower to load and reload than is the semiautomatic , with its fast - inserting cartridge magazine .
Under stress , you want to shoot the revolver double action , which means a long , heavy trigger pull for every shot .
Most auto pistols are “ self - cocking , ” so at least after the first shot , and with some designs even with that first round , you have a shorter , lighter trigger pull that is easier for most people to manage when trying to shoot accurately at speed .
With powerful guns , size matters .
At 410 pounds , security man Marcus Kranz holds Benelli auto shotgun on target as he nails it with five rounds of full power 12 gauge buckshot in 69/100 ths of one second at 7 yards .
Note 3 spent shells circled , in mid-air .
The semiautomatic generally holds more cartridges and is faster to reload , and can be had in models with a manual safety catch feature .
This device can slow down an unauthorized person who does n’t know that particular gun , gets his hands on it , and tries to shoot it .
Many cops , and some armed citizens , are alive today because the homicidal felon who got their gun away from them and tried to shoot them with it did n’t know how to release the thumb safety .
Male or female ?
It ’s less about gender than about hand size and shooting experience .
A home defense gun is a “ pool weapon , ” like the shotgun in a police patrol car that ’s on the road for three shifts a day : multiple individuals may be resorting to the same weapon .
This means that the gun ’s size and power have to be tailored to the smallest , least physically capable shooter who is authorized to use it .
A large man can easily shoot his wife ’s short - stocked 20 - gauge shotgun or her slim - gripped SIG P239 9 mm , but she will be awkward , clumsy , and poorly prepared to defend herself with his long - stocked 12 gauge , or his fat - handled .50 caliber Desert Eagle , which also requires a long finger to properly reach the trigger .
How many cartridges ?
I personally like a high capacity semiautomatic for home defense , because when you grab a gun in the middle of the night there is n’t always time to grab spare ammo .
However , the fact is that the overwhelming majority of home defense applications of a gun are over in less than five or six shots .
The revolver has a good history in defending home and hearth .
I would recommend the .38 Special ( revolver ) or 9 mm Luger ( auto ) as minimum caliber in a defensive handgun .
The smaller the caliber and the heavier the gun , the lighter the recoil ; the more powerful the cartridge and the lighter the gun , the harder it will “ kick . ”
The rule of thumb is that you should choose the most powerful gun that can be controlled in accurate rapid fire by the least physically capable person who is authorized to use it .
The .40 and .45 caliber semiautomatic pistols are n’t hard to control with proper techniques and a good level of familiarity .
Larger caliber revolvers kick more and require more training and practice to control and hit with at high speed .
Question 2 : “ ( Please discuss ) basic types and calibers of ammunition , and which is better for home defense , target practice , varmints , etc . ”
Home defense rounds should be hollow points ( HP ) , for the same reason that this type of ammo is universal among American police .
The HP is designed to expand into a mushroom shape as it passes through flesh .
This slows it down and reduces its penetration , making it unlikely that the projectile will pass through the felon ’s torso and go on to strike a bystander who was blocked from the shooter ’s position by the bulk of the criminal he shot .
Desert Eagle chambered for giant .50 Action Express cartridge is not for beginners …
Shaped like a cookie cutter at its nose , the hollow point is less likely to ricochet at a dangerous and unpredictable angle because where a round nose bullet might glance , the HP tends to bite into the surface and buries itself safely there .
The expanding bullet also creates a wider wound channel that imparts more force to the intended target , helping to ensure a more rapid cessation of hostile activity .
This is why HPs are better “ man-stoppers ” than standard ammunition .
There are some exotic cartridges sold for defense , such as ultra - light projectiles designed to break up on impact at extremely high velocity .
The trouble with these is that they do n’t always work in semiautomatic pistols , having a different pressure curve than the standard ammunition that the weapon ’s slide mass and spring compression ratio were developed for at the factory .
They are also very expensive , and it can cost up to $ 600 to run the requisite 200 rounds of the “ carry ammo ” through the gun to be certain that it will work reliably .
For this writer , that factor alone lets out the exotic self - defense loads .
For practice or training , once you know your pistol will work 100 % with your chosen defense load , it ’s much more economical to buy generic full metal jacket ammo .
The more “ trigger time ” you deposit in the “ long term muscle memory ” bank , the more swift and skillful you ’ll be if you have to fire an accurate rescue shot in the course of an emergency .
Reloading your own ammo is a fun hobby , and fits perfectly in the self - reliance mode that runs through the whole backwoods home ethos .
At the same time , generic factory produced cartridges are so cheap these days , particularly in 9 mm and .38 Special , that when you figure in what your time is worth , it ’s often more cost effective to buy your practice ammo in bulk instead of making your own ammunition .
Consider special needs .
In bear country , you want deeper penetrating bullets , and probably more powerful cartridges , than what you ’d want for defense against a 200 - pound erect biped .
If there are poisonous snakes on the property , a revolver loaded with snake - shot cartridges for at least the first couple of chambers makes a lot of sense .
There are many semiautomatic pistols that wo n’t cycle with snake - shot loads , which tend to have too light a recoil impulse to cycle a semiautomatic pistol ’s slide .
If the first shot at the cottonmouth misses , it ’s a lousy time for your handgun to jam .
Question 3 : “ ( Give us ) a few basic common sense rules and laws .
For example , in most states , you cannot draw a weapon on somebody just for catching them stealing your stuff .
There has to also be a bodily threat to you .
Then what can you do if faced with road rage , several bullies on a dark street , or a mugger if they have not shown a gun or knife , yet you have a gun ? ”
… as handgun master David Maglio demonstrates with a test shot .
This question really covers a lot of ground .
You could write a book about it .
Oddly enough , I did .
It ’s called , In the Gravest Extreme : the Role of the Firearm in Personal Protection .
Dave Duffy sells it through Backwoods Home , and you ’ll find ordering information on page 94 of this issue .
Let me offer another reference .
When Dave asked me to write for Backwoods
Home some years ago , he asked me to kick off with a series exploring when private citizens could use the lethal force of a firearm in defense of themselves , their families , and others .
You can find these in the Backwoods Home Sixth Year Anthology .
I ’ll address one point right here , though .
If I find a kid stealing a bike out of my back yard , no , I ’m not going to pull a gun on him .
However , if I find a burglar in my home , he ’s definitely going to be at gunpoint .
Convicted burglars I interviewed after their arrests told me that most of the time they either carried a weapon of their own , or armed themselves with something once they entered the home .
Breaking and entering is a serious felony , and you have every right to take such a felon at gunpoint .
You do n’t shoot him for breaking in or stealing , but you prepare to shoot him if he attacks you .
You will often hear the figure quoted that only about 7 % of burglars commit their crimes armed .
That ’s probably because only about 7 % of burglars are caught red - handed at the scene .
Most are arrested later when an investigation leads police to them .
Their confession will typically include a statement like , “ Gosh , officer , I would n’t carry a gun when I break into a house because I ’m afraid of a higher penalty if I ’m caught . ”
Yeah , right .
Queston 4 : “ When faced with a break - in attacker or other potential threat to your life , where do you aim , how should you stand , how should you hold the weapon ?
In other words , with seconds to pull out a gun , most people will not have time to think ‘ does the Weaver stance require my left or right foot forward ? ' ”
Good points , Jeff , good points .
First , when you take a suspect at gunpoint , KEEP YOUR FINGER OFF THE TRIGGER !
In a stressful moment like this , any number of stimuli can cause a convulsion of the trigger finger that kills an unarmed man who has just surrendered to you .
Dr. Roger Enoka , the physiologist who has most authoritatively studied this phenomenon , enumerates various causes : startle reflex , postural disturbance , inter - limb response , and so on .
It ’s not enough to rest the finger on the edge of the trigger guard .
The tight muscles of your hand will hold the finger taut there , and if you are startled , the finger can snap straight back to the trigger , unintentionally firing the gun .
The trigger finger should be up on the frame of the firearm , handgun , or long gun .
At the classes we teach around the country for Lethal Force Institute ( www.ayoob.com), we urge that the fingertip be in contact with the frame , pointed inward toward the gun , with the trigger finger flexed .
That way , if the strong flexor muscles of the hand convulse , the finger comes across the trigger instead of straight into it , and is thus much less likely to cause an accidental discharge .
It ’s also faster to get to the trigger if you do have to fire , if you start with the finger flexed on the frame .
For many years , I ’ve made a point of leveling the gun at the pelvis of everyone I took at gunpoint .
The main reason is that this point of aim allows you to see the suspect ’s hands .
If you aim at his head or chest or belly , your gun and your hands block your view of his hands .
Man is the tool - bearing mammal , and therefore by definition the weapon - bearing mammal .
A man will kill you with his hands .
Thus , the Golden Rule of law enforcement : “ Watch their hands ! ”
“ House guns ” should adapt to smallest and largest user .
Petite Cindy , a firearms instructor , is deadly with this Beretta Storm carbine .
With the gun leveled groin high , you ’ll be able to see in time if the suspect reaches for a weapon in his belt or in his pocket .
If your gun is blocking your view of his hands , your first indication that you need to shoot will be when his bullet punches into your body .
Talk about being behind the curve .
When a man perceives a firearm aimed at his private parts , a tremendous psychological effect is also engendered .
A lot of bad guys have been shot or stabbed before , and have a lot of ego invested in having survived it .
More of them have role models they met on the street or in prison who showed off the bullet scars on their torsos .
This can reduce their fear of being shot in the trunk of the body .
But NOTHING reduces a man ’s fear of being shot in the genitals .
This point of aim seems to definitely get their attention , in my experience .
If you do have to fire , a shot at the pelvis is angling downward .
This reduces the chance of an exiting or missing shot striking a bystander a distance behind the felon , who was blocked from your view by the criminal ’s body or by the tunnel vision that so often afflicts people involved in these situations .
Finally , the pelvic area tends to produce dynamically “ man- stopping ” gunshot wounds .
They tear up the lower abdominal viscera frightfully , and if the pelvis is smashed , the cross-member of skeletal support is compromised and the body almost always collapses .
Some advocate aiming the gun at the ground or floor ahead of the offender .
One theory for this is that it reduces the crime of Aggravated Assault to that of Brandishing a Firearm .
I say that ’s rubbish : it is no crime to point a gun at a felon you have caught in your home , or an armed criminal about to attack you on the street .
A more reasonable argument for aiming at the ground ahead of the subject is that if your gun accidentally discharges , the shot hits the ground and not a human being who has not yet done anything to warrant his being killed or injured .
That ’s a good argument as far as it goes .
My concern with it , however , is that criminals are predators , and predators are seasoned observers of body language .
Pointing the gun at the ground instead of at him can lead him to believe , “ This person does n’t dare even point the gun at me !
Why should I worry that he might dare to pull the trigger ? ”
If that happens , the critical deterrent effect of the gun can be lost .
If he is emboldened sufficiently to attack , either you ’ll have to blow him away or you might be hurt or killed yourself , and these are not mutually exclusive outcomes .
Some I have taken at gunpoint with my weapon leveled at their pelvis have fled ; as a cop , I must pursue , and as a civilian you do not have the right to shoot a fleeing criminal .
Most criminals taken at gunpoint have surrendered ; none have yet attacked .
I want to keep it that way .
This is why I will personally continue to index the weapon on the opponent ’s pelvis when I take a person at gunpoint .
The choice is yours .
As to stance , while the angled body position of the Weaver stance is still very popular , the Isosceles stance makes foot placement irrelevant .
Both arms are locked straight out , putting the gun at body center , so it does n’t matter which foot is forward .
The big thing you want to be thinking about when taking someone at gunpoint is increasing the distance between you and him , and perhaps getting behind cover .
Always remain alert for his potential accomplices , who may enter the scenario from directly behind you or from your flank .
Question 5 : “ For home defense , where is the best place to keep a handgun , where is a thief most likely to look , and if you do lock it up and keep the ammunition separate like all the anti-gun lobby says , how can you get it , unlock it , load it , and do all this most likely in the dark when you hear a strange noise at the back door when home alone ? ”
The fixed stock of a rifle or shotgun sized for 5 ’ 0 ” lady in center can be operated efficiently by males of 6 ’ 5 ” ( left ) or 6 ’ 6 ” ( right ) , but not vice versa .
You ’ve got it right , Jeff .
You ca n’t jump in your car and respond to an emergency in time if you first have to open the hood and hook up its battery , and you ca n’t unlock two cabinets and bring gun and ammo together before an intruder kicking down your door is upon you .
For me , it has boiled down to two modes .
During waking hours , I simply carry the gun .
On my person , it is at once always immediately accessible to me , and always inaccessible to unauthorized hands .
If the lifestyle does n’t allow the handgun to be worn visibly , a compact , powerful handgun like the Ruger SP101 .357 Magnum snub - nose revolver can be worn comfortably and discreetly concealed , “ 24/7 . ”
When asleep , I keep the weapon at bedside .
If there are children ( or adults , for that matter ) in the home who are not at the level of development where they can be trusted around firearms 100 % , the handgun should be in a locked security box in the bedroom , preferably a design like the Gun Vault , which can be released by feel in the dark by punching a simple combination into an ergonomic and easily palpable keypad .
I currently live alone , so I just leave the pistol on the floor beside the bed , concealed from any intruder ’s view by what appears to be a casually dropped magazine .
I appreciate Jeff ’s questions .
The fact that the questions had been left hanging in the air should n’t be blamed on Jeff ’s instructors .
Most concealed carry courses just are n’t long enough to cover everything that needs to be covered in terms of law , tactics , ethics , weapon choices , psychological preparation , and of course skill at arms for those who might find themselves in harm ’s way with a gun in their hand .
This is why our baseline course at Lethal Force Institute — the LFI - I class geared for armed citizens — is scheduled at 40 hours .
It takes that long to cover the essentials .
For information on the internet , surf to www.ayoob.com.
For the same reason , a three thousand word article is n’t enough to cover it .
That ’s why I hope readers will forgive me for referring them to the other sources available through Backwoods Home Magazine .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc is stepping up efforts to infuse its search engine into the operations of the most technically sophisticated corporations as well as the least digitally savvy businesses .
A woman holds a Google T - Mobile G1 mobile telephone in New York City , October 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The Internet search giant unveiled a pair of new products on Tuesday aimed at large corporations with strict technology requirements and at small businesses that may not even have Web sites , respectively .
The move comes as Google ’s growth slows from its previous double - digit percentage levels , amid a challenging economic environment and a sharp industry - wide slowdown in the advertising spending that it depends on .
Google ’s latest version of its Search Appliance , first introduced in 2001 , takes aim at the high - end of the market .
The sleek yellow boxes , based on hardware from Dell Inc and Intel Corp , come loaded with Google software and allow companies to harness Google ’s search capabilities to cull through their own internal documents .
Instead of the three separate models of the appliance it previously offered , Google will now sell two boxes : the GB 7007 , which can index between 500,000 and 10 million documents , and the GB 9009 , which can index 30 million documents .
More importantly , customers can now string together multiple appliances so , for instance , an index of 1 billion company documents can be quickly searched by a company ’s employees .
New security and customization features mean that different departments within a company can link their appliances , giving certain users -- say those with a higher security clearance at a federal agency -- access to a broader set of search results than would have been presented to others .
The goal is to make search the “ unifying glue ” across an organization ’s various departments , said Nitin Mangtani , Google ’s senior product manager for enterprise search .
Mangtani said the entry - level 7007 model costs $ 30,000 , including two years of support .
Google does not disclose pricing on the 9009 model but notes that the price is less than the 7007 on a price - per - document basis .
STRUGGLING TO SERVE
Sanford Bernstein analyst Jeff Lindsay said Google has struggled serving enterprise customers , who tend to be more demanding than the consumers that Google is accustomed to building products for .
But he expects
Google to make a renewed push to boost its business with corporations this year .
Lindsay estimates that Google ’s enterprise business will generate $ 240 million in sales this year , with the majority from enterprise applications like corporate gmail , rather than the search appliance -- a small fraction of the $ 22.7 billion in total revenue that analysts expect Google to record .
In a separate product launch on Tuesday , Google introduced a new “ dashboard ” for its core search site that provides local businesses with information about Web searches relating to their companies .
Based on Google ’s analysis of the data it collects across its network of online services , including Google Search and Google Maps , a pizzeria for instance could find out how many people are clicking on its store hours , or which zip code is the most common among diners seeking driving directions .
The product is free , and is intended to showcase the usefulness of online data analysis to local businesses , many of whom may not even have their own Web site , said Carter Maslan , director of product management for local search .
Does Google expect that any of those newly - enlightened customers could then decide to advertise through Google ’s Internet search system ?
“ That ’s definitely a feasible path , ” Maslan said .
For her patients it would have been a mouthful .
Not to mention the difficulties she would have faced introducing herself at a party .
Which is why Germany 's highest court today ruled that a dentist from Munich is forbidden from calling herself Frieda Rosemarie Thalheim - Kunz - Hallstein .
The woman wanted to combine her own name , Thalheim , with the double - barrelled name of her lawyer husband , Hans Peter Kunz - Hallstein , to create a triple - barrelled moniker .
The dentist argued that failure to allow her to do so would infringe her personal rights .
But the constitutional court ruled by five judges to three against her , referring to a 1993 law introduced to curb a growing trend in the creation of " name chains " , or combinations of more than two surnames .
The court said a triple - barrelled name considerably " lessened the impact of a name to do what it was supposed to do , namely ' to identify ' " .
They said they feared ruling in Thalheim 's favour would have set a dangerous precedent .
Following the defeat , which ends a lengthy legal battle , Thalheim 's lawyer said she was likely to keep her existing surname .
Her husband had rejected the idea of dropping part of his surname and amalgamating the remaining part with his wife 's , arguing that his legal practice had carried the name Kunz - Hallstein for years and any change could damage his business .
The case highlighted the complicated and strictly regulated world of German name - giving .
Under German law there is a specific list of approved names from which parents must choose when naming their offspring .
Any diversions from the list have to be approved by authorities .
Thalheim 's lawyer argued there was little chance that allowing the name Thalheim - Kunz - Hallstein would set a precedent because , being unwieldy , triple - barrelled names were seldom desired .
According to German law , married couples have the choice of taking one of the existing surnames , keeping existing names , or combining two names as long as they are linked by a hyphen .
Germany 's leading opinion pollster was famous for defying the rules by combining hers and her husband 's names so that she became Elisabeth Noelle - Neumann - Maier - Leibnitz .
But she dropped the last two names after the death of her husband Heinz in 2000 .
[ reddit -me ]
Not content with simply giving the world robot pissing , robot farting and robot dicks ( that shoot lasers ) , Sir Michael Bay ( not really a knight ) decided “ Transformers 2 ” would n’t be complete with robot balls .
That ’s classy film making right there .
Michael Bay does n’t really have to respect us as an audience , though .
He continually shovels shit down our throat holes with a Cybertronian Mecha - Shovel and we thank him with millions and millions of dollars , ensuring even more frequent and violent throat shovelings in the future .
Anyway , Josh live - Twittered “ Transformers 2 . ”
Here it is unabridged .
!!!
POTENTIAL SPOILERS !!!
Starting transformers2 .
Liveblog ahoy !
Harry potter 6 trailer now .
First transform most visually confusing thing I ’ve seen in my life .
2 awful one liners .
Sound design is bizarre .
Like half the sounds are missing .
Aaaaaand we have dog humping .
I ’ve now seen robot dick and robot farting .
Camera just spun for almost a full minute .
It just dawned on me .
I have no idea what is going on .
Innappropriate parental drug use .
And we have lapdance
Holy shit .
First actually funny joke .
Wait .
Why are we on Saturn ?!?!?
I never thought I would feel sorry for Shia lebeef .
I was wrong .
Nobody told me there were cylons in this movie .
They just drove out the door of a factory in the middle of the city and were instantly in the middle of the forest .
What ?
It was just daytime in Paris and the middle of the pacific at the same time .
Holy racist robots batman
Wow .
Jockstrap shot even * I* did n’t want to see .
Standing in mid DC .
Walk into a building .
Walk out of building into fields surrounded by mountains .
WTF
THEY ARE GONNA BLOW UP THE SUN !
Ladies and gentlemen .
We have midget .
Like 40 people have survived epic crashes .
WTF .
BALLS !
I ’m done .
Sam just went to robot heaven .
Seriously ?
That was better than Terminator Salvation .
I ’d like to point out that I in no way endorse TruckNutz[tm ] .
I link to them only that you may know the enemy and fear it .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - A walkout by European diplomats in protest at Iran branding Israel a “ racist ” state at a U.N. racism conference was a morale boost for Israelis .
A man holds an Israeli flag during a demonstration in support of Israel in front of the United Nations European headquarters in Geneva , where the Durban Review Conference on racism is being held , April 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
But the gesture of solidarity at the United Nations forum in Geneva was unlikely on its own to change perceptions on the streets of the West , where critics of Israel held mass protests during January ’s Gaza war .
Human rights groups and U.N. investigators accuse Israel of war crimes in the Gaza Strip during a 22 - day offensive against Hamas - led Islamist militants in which Palestinians say more than 900 civilians died -- a figure Israel disputes .
Israel has rejected the charges .
It says that no adequate ethical code of war exists for conflicts in which “ amoral ” adversaries use human shields with total indifference .
“ A people which lost a third of its members , a third of its children to the Holocaust , does not forget , and must not be caught off - guard , ” President Shimon Peres said in a speech marking the killing of six million Jews and others by the Nazis .
Since its founding in 1948 , Israel has placed a special emphasis on “ Hasbara ” a Hebrew word describing the drive to explain how its actions , whether military or diplomatic , are justified and meet the highest moral standards .
Yet Israel is inextricably associated with conflict and war , and perceived by some critics as arrogant and cruel in its treatment of the Palestinians and its creation of settlements on occupied land which are deemed illegal under international law .
“ Unfortunately , perceptions of Israel have always been nasty , ” Israeli deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon conceded in an interview .
But he insisted it was “ not Israel ’s doing . ”
“ LOSING BATTLE ”
In a bid to improve perceptions abroad , former foreign minister Tzipi Livni launched the “ Brand Israel ” initiative in October 2006 .
“ It ’s time to bridge the gap between the real Israel and its international image , ” she said at the time .
Advocates hope the project is advanced by the new government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , who is accused by Israeli Arabs of racism .
“ I think people do not know Israel .
They will see a very prosperous , vibrant and open society living under the rule of law , ” said Ayalon .
“ Branding Israel is a way to bring who we are , without the prisms of political agendas , to the masses . ”
On Monday , President Peres said : “ Criticism of the Jewish State is also tinged with chilling anti-Semitism ” a disease whose “ cure is incumbent upon those who perpetrate it . ”
But some Israelis say anti-Semitism cannot explain everything .
“ It does n’t matter how many times we convince ourselves and our staunch allies that we are not war criminals , and that those who try to portray us as such are incorrigible Jew - haters , ” wrote Anshel Pfeffer in the liberal daily Haaretz .
Israel ’s public relations machine is “ fighting a losing battle , ” Pfeffer wrote .
“ Perhaps it would be best to finally change tactics and admit that occupation of another nation has made it so much harder for us to claim we are still the heirs of the victims , and not the perpetrators . ”
Veteran diplomat Ayalon said the Jewish state faces an uphill struggle at the United Nations where 57 Muslim states form “ an automatic majority against Israel , because of politicization . ”
Israel wants to change the impact made on ordinary people .
Jennifer Laszlo Mizrahi , president of The Israel Project , sends information and contacts to some 7,000 across the Arab world who receive regular e-mails in Arabic .
“ They are using our information , ” she said .
“ If there is a 30 - minute piece on Al Jazeera and we can get in four minutes that are fair , we feel that it is an enormous victory for the possibility of a better future . ”
“ When people have a better understanding of who we are , then they understand our actions in Gaza better , ” said Ido Aharoni of the foreign ministry , who heads the Brand Israel project .
But the idea that a campaign can achieve this is challenged by some .
“ Branding per se is good for a country like the UK or Sweden or Australia ... they have no problems , ” said Rommey Hassman , lecturer at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya .
“ It ’s not good for countries who have conflicts ... who have an image problem .
I do n’t think it ’s going to work . ”
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
UPDATE 6/26 : The Competitive Enterprise Institute released a draft of the “ suppressed ” report , which confirms the EPA ’s explanation :
The agency did n’t think much of the report because it ’s authored by an economist claiming to be a climatologist .
“ We have become increasingly concerned that EPA and many other agencies and countries have paid too little attention to the science of global warming , ” write authors Al Carlin and John Davidson of the EPA ’s National Center for Environmental Economics .
They go on to criticize the EPA ’s reliance on climate science from the fourth assessment report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Surprising absolutely no one , opponents of emissions regulation have pounced on the supposed scandal , saying it ’s reason to reject the Waxman - Markey climate bill .
Leading bill opponent Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) mentioned the report during floor debate on Friday and Rep. James Sensenbrenner ( R- Wisconsin ) , at a press conference , called it “ a case of the American public denied the right to know this contrary scientific evidence . ”
ORIGINAL STORY :
Courtesy katiew via Flickr Would n’t it be terrible if the Obama administration turned out to be manipulating science to fit its own ideology ?
Especially after Obama declared , to much fanfare , that “ the days of science taking a back seat to ideology are over ” ?
Yeah , that would make a helluva story : “ Look , the new guy is just like the old guy ! ”
Well yeah , but it has n’t happened yet , at least not in the way the Competitive Enterprise Institute claims in a release it sent this morning under the headline “ BREAKING : EPA Suppresses Internal Global Warming Study . ”
The free - market think tank , which has a history of intellectually hi-larious denialism , says the “ Environment ( sic ) Protection Agency ” silenced an internal dissenter in the course of its endangerment finding , a process that concluded in April that greenhouse - gases threaten public health and can be regulated under the Clean Air Act .
According to CEI , the dissenter wanted to include “ a significant internal critique of the agency ’s global warming position ” but was stifled because the report did n’t fit the political conclusion the EPA had already reached .
The group published four EPA emails as evidence of political maneuvering within the agency .
And what do the emails reveal ?
That there ’s nothing to this story .
An EPA economist wanted to give scientific opinion , which was n’t accepted — most likely because it ’s outside his area of expertise and training .
The dissenter , Alan Carlin , works as a research analyst in Washington at the EPA ’s National Center for Environmental Economics ( NCEE ) , which conducts a variety of economic analysis , including cost - benefit studies , risk assessment , and economic impact modeling .
In short , it does number crunching , not scientific research .
Carlin ’s personal website , Carlin Economics , reports that he received a B.S. in physics and a Ph.D. in economics and joined the EPA in 1971 .
It also includes links to his publications , the most recent of which support solar radiation management — a form of geoengineering — and oppose reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
If Carlin wanted to comment on the scientific causes of climate change , there ’s little in his work experience or education to suggest it ’s within his expertise .
In an email , his supervisor at the EPA told him to stick to his own work [ PDF ] .
The EPA said Carlin has had plenty of opportunities to present his thoughts — on both science and economics .
“ Certain opinions were expressed by an individual [ Carlin ] who is not a scientist and was not part of the working group dealing with this issue , ” said EPA spokesperson Adora Andy .
“ Nevertheless , several of the opinions and ideas proposed by this individual were submitted to those responsible for developing the proposed endangerment finding .
Additionally , his manager allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .
The individual was also granted a request to join a committee that organizes an ongoing climate seminar series , open to both agency and outside experts , where he has been able to invite speakers with a full range of views on climate science .
The claims that his opinions were not considered or studied are entirely false . ”
But what was it that Carlin wanted to attach to the endangerment ruling ?
Sam Kazman , the Competitive Enterprise Institute ’s general counsel , told me Carlin ’s work cites research showing global warming has been caused by ocean and solar cycles , not by human - caused emissions .
Kazman refused to share the document .
“ On the question of whether we have a copy of any version of the report — sorry , but at this time all I can say is no comment , ” Kazman wrote in an email .
So there ’s your nothingburger of a story .
The CEI tried to seed this false controversy in hopes that it would grow into a media kerfuffle that would slow down the EPA ’s climate work or the energy and climate bill advancing toward a vote in the House this week .
One gullible blogger already took the bait .
Any others who make the same error shall have their blogging license suspended for 90 days and their Twittering privileges permanently revoked .
It is hereby declared .
Popular comedian Brent Butt returns to small town Saskatchewan to portray the life he would have led had he gotten a real job - pumping gas at Corner Gas .
Each episode of Corner Gas delivers a half - hour of comedic voyeurism in a place where everyone knows everyone else 's business .
The series is set in the fictional town of Dog River Saskatchewan , and focuses on the life ( or lack thereof ) of gas station owner Brent LeRoy , coffee shop proprietor Lacey Burrows and the folks who populate the area .
Dog River is a nice town , but far from the quaint and idyllic little burgs we 're used to seeing on TV .
Written by Anonymous
Many people in business are secretly hoping the recession will kill off the growing popularity of green issues .
Some others are hoping not so secretly , among them the delightful ( not ) Michael O’Leary of Irish budget airline RyanAir , who had this to say in February last year :
In many ways we would welcome a chill or something even colder .
We would welcome a good , deep , bloody recession in this country for 12 to 18 months .
It would be bloody good for the industry .
It would help see off the environmental nonsense that has become so popular among the chattering classes .
In reality though , environmental issues are not going to go away , and the recession is as much an opportunity for environmentalists as a threat .
Brands that indulged in greenwash or sold a green veneer as a lifestyle gimmick are bound to suffer in these straitened economic times .
I think ( hope ) that discriminating customers with money to spend will continue to seek out truly artisanal eco-friendly products .
It ’s the brands clambered on the bandwagon in an exploitative , non-genuine fashion that will suffer .
I must admit I laughed at AA Gill ’s scathing review of Daylesford Organic in London .
On the face of things it sounds like a case in point , though I ’ve never shopped or eaten there , so I reserve my judgment .
Right now it ’s the value - for - money proposition that chimes with the general public .
That ’s probably why Rachel ’s , an organic dairy brand in the UK , recently dropped the word “ organic ” from its brand name .
Many customers regard organic produce as a luxury that they can’t currently afford .
Rachel ’s is still certified organic – it ’s just no longer called Rachel ’s Organic on its packaging .
In the battle for hearts and minds , environmentalists can also focus on selling a value - for - money proposition .
Even in these tough financial times , people do still care about the environment and are paying attention to green issues .
They are just looking for a way to do it without blowing the family budget .
The good news is that frugality goes hand in hand with green living .
Environmentalism at its heart is not just about what you buy , though that ’s important , but fundamentally about buying less .
You do n’t really need that new iPhone – and if you are tempted , you might want to check out this amazing photo gallery on Treehugger showing the shocking truth about where the raw materials came from .
It ’s not all about deprivation , though .
EcoSalon has loads of great ideas for how to save pennies and the planet without compromising on style .
Some simple ideas that will save you money and help the planet include :
Cutting down on your electricity and natural gas consumption .
Turn off lights , switch appliances off at the wall , turn the central heating off completely for summer .
Simple but effective .
Drive less and instead catch public transport , cycle or walk .
Use the library or book exchange websites rather than buying books .
Barter more generally , not just for books .
Ca n’t afford to go to the farmers ’ market or buy organic brands in the supermarket ?
Do n’t give up on organic food but instead sign up for a vegetable box scheme – you ’ll get fresh , seasonal food at great prices .
It ’s actually often cheaper than the conventional produce in the supermarket .
Or grow your own – whatever your space .
Reduce meat consumption and cook more vegetarian food – EcoSalon posts great vegetarian recipes if you need inspiration .
Practise good home economics and use up food .
Remember that multi-buy deals in the supermarket are not such a great deal if you have to use it all up by the next day .
Mend your clothes or have a clothes swap .
And skimp on dry cleaning .
Holiday close to home or take the train .
And , here are even more ideas .
I ’d love to hear from you so please share your best ideas for frugal green living in the comments .
Meanwhile , you might take a certain schadenfreude from knowing that RyanAir plummeted into the red after failing to hedge effectively on fuel prices last year .
O’Leary ’s latest plan to make money is to charge customers to use the toilet on board the aeroplane .
Image : AMagill
Frage stellen
Die Fragefunktion ist für diese Person derzeit nicht aktiv .
Nur Politiker : innen mit aktiven Kandidaturen oder Mandaten können über abgeordnetenwatch .de befragt werden .
Illustration by KAL
AMERICANS like to think of themselves as martyrs to work .
They delight in telling stories about their punishing hours , snatched holidays and ever - intrusive BlackBerrys .
At this time of the year they marvel at the laziness of their European cousins , particularly the French .
Did you know that the French take the whole of August off to recover from their 35 - hour work weeks ?
Have you heard that they are so addicted to their holidays that they leave the sick to die and the dead to moulder ?
There is an element of exaggeration in this , of course , and not just about French burial habits ; studies show that Americans are less Stakhanovite than they think .
Still , the average American gets only four weeks of paid leave a year compared with seven for the French and eight for the Germans .
In Paris many shops simply close down for August ; in Washington , where the weather is sweltering , they remain open , some for 24 hours a day .
But when it comes to the young the situation is reversed .
American children have it easier than most other children in the world , including the supposedly lazy Europeans .
They have one of the shortest school years anywhere , a mere 180 days compared with an average of 195 for OECD countries and more than 200 for East Asian countries .
German children spend 20 more days in school than American ones , and South Koreans over a month more .
Over 12 years , a 15 - day deficit means American children lose out on 180 days of school , equivalent to an entire year .
American children also have one of the shortest school days , six - and - a - half hours , adding up to 32 hours a week .
By contrast , the school week is 37 hours in Luxembourg , 44 in Belgium , 53 in Denmark and 60 in Sweden .
On top of that , American children do only about an hour 's - worth of homework a day , a figure that stuns the Japanese and Chinese .
Americans also divide up their school time oddly .
They cram the school day into the morning and early afternoon , and close their schools for three months in the summer .
The country that tut - tuts at Europe 's mega - holidays thinks nothing of giving its children such a lazy summer .
But the long summer vacation acts like a mental eraser , with the average child reportedly forgetting about a month 's - worth of instruction in many subjects and almost three times that in mathematics .
American academics have even invented a term for this phenomenon , “ summer learning loss ” .
This pedagogical understretch is exacerbating social inequalities .
Poorer children frequently have no one to look after them in the long hours between the end of the school day and the end of the average working day .
They are also particularly prone to learning loss .
They fall behind by an average of over two months in their reading .
Richer children actually improve their performance .
The understretch is also leaving American children ill - equipped to compete .
They usually perform poorly in international educational tests , coming behind Asian countries that spend less on education but work their children harder .
California 's state universities have to send over a third of their entering class to take remedial courses in English and maths .
At least a third of successful PhD students come from abroad .
A growing number of politicians from both sides of the aisle are waking up to the problem .
Barack Obama has urged school administrators to “ rethink the school day ” , arguing that “ we can no longer afford an academic calendar designed for when America was a nation of farmers who needed their children at home ploughing the land at the end of each day . ”
Newt Gingrich has trumpeted a documentary arguing that Chinese and Indian children are much more academic than American ones .
These politicians have no shortage of evidence that America 's poor educational performance is weakening its economy .
A recent report from McKinsey , a management consultancy , argues that the lagging performance of the country 's school pupils , particularly its poor and minority children , has wreaked more devastation on the economy than the current recession .
Learning the lesson
A growing number of schools are already doing what Mr Obama urges , and experimenting with lengthening the school day .
About 1,000 of the country 's 90,000 schools have broken the shackles of the regular school day .
In particular , charter schools in the Knowledge is Power Programme ( KIPP ) start the school day at 7.30 am and end at 5 pm , hold classes on some Saturdays and teach for a couple of weeks in the summer .
All in all , KIPP students get about 60 % more class time than their peers and routinely score better in tests .
Still , American schoolchildren are unlikely to end up working as hard as the French , let alone the South Koreans , any time soon .
There are institutional reasons for this .
The federal government has only a limited influence over the school system .
Powerful interest groups , most notably the teachers ' unions , but also the summer - camp industry , have a vested interest in the status quo .
But reformers are also up against powerful cultural forces .
One is sentimentality ; the archetypical American child is Huckleberry Finn , who had little taste for formal education .
Another is complacency .
American parents have led grass - root protests against attempts to extend the school year into August or July , or to increase the amount of homework their little darlings have to do .
They still find it hard to believe that all those Chinese students , beavering away at their books , will steal their children 's jobs .
But Huckleberry Finn was published in 1884 .
And brain work is going the way of manual work , to whoever will provide the best value for money .
The next time Americans make a joke about the Europeans and their taste for la dolce vita , they ought to take a look a bit closer to home .
Economist.com/blogs/lexington
Two of them — House Majority Leader Hoyer and House Education & Labor Committee Chair Miller — certainly use the right rhetoric in proposing “ paygo ” legislation , the underlying principle of which many people ( including me ) support .
Then again :
We know how empthy rhetoric and proposals can be — e.g. , the Republican spendthrifts of ’00 to ’06 .
We know that both rhetoric and proposals often get smashed to bits on the brick wall of political reality — e.g. , fighting to continue defense spending in your district despite the military ’s consensus that it ’s no longer needed .
We also know that fiscal responsibility is too often advanced via actual and threatened tax increases rather than spending cuts — e.g. , the recurring shadow of taxing employer - provided benefits in the current , circuitous health care debate .
So , yes , kudos to Reps .
Hoyer and Miller for saying and proposing the right things .
But I hope they ’ll forgive me if I do n’t celebrate just yet — if instead I play my Missouri “ Show - Me ” card and demand to see the rhetoric , and the legislation that rhetoric backs , put into practice , yielding results , before I believe any of it .
( And yes , that goes for you , as well — times two — leaders of the GOP . )
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
At the last GDC , I attended a session by David Sirlin entitled Balancing Multiplayer Competitive Games .
Being an AI designer and programmer , this session may seem like somewhat of an outlier in my typical GDCfare .
However , a simple strikethrough on the title could yield Balancing Competitive Games – which falls squarely into the AI and simulation programmer ’s purview .
While the session was interesting in its own right , there was one comment that really broke through the noise for me .
Forgive me for paraphrasing somewhat ( the audio or video on this session is not up on the GDC Vault ) , but one of the comments that David made was along the lines of thefollowing :
“ If 1 % of your art assets are not perfect , not too man ypeople notice .
If 1 % of your audio assets are not perfect , it does n’t hurt too much .
On the other hand , if 1 % of your game balance is off , it can potentially affect the entire game . ”
This is remarkably true .
If we garner thousands of players who play hundreds of iterations of the game each , the combinatorial explosion of in - game interactions is fairly impressive .
That ’s a lot of exposure that each and every portion of our game gets .
People are remarkably adept at discerning the proverbial “ golden path ” through the mechanics of our games .
Add the communicative nature of today ’s internet and the gaming community as a whole can “ solve ” our games in a matter of days if not hours after release .
Of course , they are n’t really “ solving ” our games as much as they are finding the weakness ( es ) .
That ’s like saying a thief is “ solving ” a lock by picking it .
While he may view it as a success , the maker of the lock sees it as a failure .
What ’s more , the owner of the lock is going to be disappointed that the lock did not serve its intended purpose .
If our players manage to , on their own or with assistance of the hive mind , “ solve ” our games quickly , we are depriving them of the longevity of gameplay that they are paying for .
The game is essentially “ broken ” for them .
While there may be transient amusement in finding the magically exploitive combination that works every time , this is soon replaced by a sense of loss at the experience that “ could have been . ”
Remember how funny it was when someone discovered the concept of a Zergling rush in Starcraft ?
It got annoying quickly , however ; no one could play a game that lasted more than 5 minutes .
The unfortunate problem is that this phenomenon is not limited to multi-player games .
This is an issue that we face in AI design and programming all the time .
Looking at the above quote again – with a twist :
“ If 1 % of your art assets are not perfect , not too many people notice .
If 1 % of your audio assets are not perfect , it does n’t hurt too much .
On the other hand , if 1 % of your AI is off , it can potentially affect the entire game . ”
The “ AI ” in the above statement could be behavioral AI , squad tactics , strategic management , or an underlying simulation model .
The bottom line is that those components – “ AI ” for convenience ’ sake – have the potential to make or break the experience of a game .
And now for the irony …
Most game review sites , if they break down the games ’ “ score ” into multiple components at all , usually include the usual players of visual , audio , controls , lifespan , and the somewhat obscure “ gameplay . ”
Notice that there is no hint of AI or balancing in there .
I suppose that AI could get wrapped up into that nebulous “ gameplay ” category … but only because AI affects gameplay so significantly as we noted above .
Many people use that gameplay category to herald / rag on things like the story or the pacing .
The only time that AI gets mentioned is in the text section of reviews … and then only rarely is it addressed .
We could ascribe some of this oversight to the fact that reviews and players are not as familiar with what goes on “ under the hood ” of games .
Certainly the people inside the industry know how difficult it is to build , tweak , and tune a game so that the last 1 % is polished enough to not “ break ” the game , right ?
To address this point , I turn to the list of award categories from the Game Developers Choice Awards .
May I have the stack of envelopes please ?
Best Game Design
Best Visual Art
Best Technology
Best Writing
Best Audio
Best Debut
Innovation
Best Handheld
Best Downloadable
Game of the Year
Hmmm … no “ Best Artificial Intelligence ? ” No “ Most Balanced Simulation Mechanics ? ” No “ Deepest Character Personality ? ” No “ Most Convincing Squad Tactics ? ” Even “ Most Life - like Animation ” would be nice – although that tends to get swallowed up by the visual art category .
For a discipline that can make or break a game with that dreaded “ sub- optimal 1 % , ” there is n’t much in the way of representation in the GDCA .
Sure , these issues could go into the categories of game design , technology , or innovation … but do they ?
How much attention to we really pay to benefits of AI in our games ?
Or do we only notice it when it becomes the proverbial “ squeaky wheel ” and makes the game look bad ?
Even then , there is no award for “ AI Good Enough to Help Us Avoid a Bad Review . ”
The Rise of AI
The problem is , AI is now becoming the focus of a lot of game studios .
Now that the visual aspect of games is asymptotically approaching the grail of photorealism , orchestrated game soundtracks are available on Amazon , and game writing has finally achieved acceptance as a viable art formrivaling Hollywood and the fiction literature industries , the AI of games is more exposed .
Players ( and somewhat later , dragging their feet like a petulant toddler , producers ) started noticing that AI was not up to par with the rest of the industry .
The result was that AI “ departments ” went from one person ( or less ! ) to entire conclaves of programmers dedicated to the behavior , animation , and simulation of those very pretty , very impressive - sounding characters .
There are now even sub-specialties in the AI arena because there is simply too much for any one person to keep up with .
Rather than being an afterthought before ship , AI people are now invited to sit in with the designers at initial pre-production meetings .
There is even a growing number of “ AI Designer ” jobs being created to sit in that gap between pure designers and the hard - core AI programmers .
All of these AI designers and programmers are increasingly becoming part of the “ critical path ” to the success of a game .
The pressure is on them to make sure there is n’t that 1 % fissure through which all of the hard work of the rest of the team can fall through into the abyss of “ a broken game ” .
And where is our cute little trophy ?
Where is our faux - wood plaque stating , even to people who come into our humble office , that ( being all out of bubble gum ) we kicked some serious algorithmic ass ?
Who are Those Geeks ?
Last year , I was part of the formation of the AI Game Programmers Guild .
Our first , and most self - serving , mission was to be able to exchange ideas with each other .
We also wanted to eventually have a place where we could recognize each other ’s successes with our own little awards ceremony .
For what that ’s worth .
Our first public act was to organize the 2 - day AI Summit at GDC .
This event was so well - attended that the fire marshal had to stop people at the door .
My impromptu poll during the welcome session showed that the demographics of the 220 + people was mostly existing AI programmers ( many of whom are now in the guild ) , and soon - to - be AI programmers .
Oddly , and somewhat to the amusement of the programmers in the room , there was only one “ media ” person in the room .
This , despite the fact that the Summit showcased some of the people responsible for the best and most innovative AI ever created in the game industry .
If I was only marginally more cynical , I would interpret this as the collective media saying “ bah … who cares about AI ? ”
On the other side of the equation , many of the Summit presenters ( including myself ) were accosted repeatedly throughout the week and thanked wholeheartedly for what the attendees viewed as a messiah - like arrival of AI to GDC .
To be fair , GDC has had AI sessions in the past , but it has not kept pace with AI 's place in the industry .
I believe that is why the Summit was accepted with almost rabid enthusiasm by the attendees ( which , if true , would have involved Animal Control in addition to the Fire Marshall ) .
It is also why the GDC folks have already invited the AIGPG to run the AI Summit again next year .
( Note to GDC … a room for 220 is n’t going to cut it next year . )
So , after a heady two days on the second floor of Moscone West , we all wandered across to the Game Developers Choice Awards … only to feel a let down .
Does anyone really care about what we do ?
We know we make a difference .
A BIG one .
The industry knows we make a difference .
But where is that recognition ?
Where are the accolades ?
We can only hope that is going to change ; that someday we are going to hear …
“ And the award for Best Artificial Intelligence goes to … ”
Yesterday I installed Vmware and tested Ubuntu Linux on it , however being a keyboard ninja , I felt clunked whenever I hit the Windows key ( another windows habit of bringing Start Menu ) to bring the Ubuntu Panel at the top of screen as nothing happened at that time .
Ubuntu Panel is a dropdown menu which is used to launch applications , which is quite similar to the way Windows has the start menu .
However
If you are a windows user new to Ubuntu , you might want to have the windows key launch the applications menu .
Thankfully this is an easy thing to do in Ubuntu .
Go to the System \ Preferences \ Keyboard Shortcuts menu item :
Scroll down till you see the “ Show the panel menu ” item , click in the Shortcut column , and when it changes to “ New accelerator … ” , hit the Windows Key .
Close all windows and you ’re done !
Now whenever you will hit the windows key ( intentionally / unintentionally / for God ’s sake : P ) , the application menu will pop up and you can navigate into it using the arrow keys .
Cheers and Keep Learning
Mr. Regev reiterated on Thursday that Israel would not build new settlements and would abide by commitments regarding the removal illegal outposts , and he recalled that the Israeli authorities had recently taken action against a small number of settlers in illegal outposts .
Last week , Israeli police and security forces dismantled a small Jewish outpost in the West Bank in what many in Jerusalem saw as a gesture by Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , to President Obama three days after they met in Washington .
But new shacks have already appeared there .
The Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , is expected to focus on the issue of settlement expansion when he meets with Mr. Obama on Thursday in Washington .
Mr. Abbas and other Palestinian leaders have said repeatedly that they see no point in resuming stalled peace negotiations without an absolute settlement freeze .
Analysts in Washington said the exchanges between the Obama administration and the Israeli authorities showed how far apart Israel and the United States are on the issue of settlements , even as Mr. Abbas prepares for meetings with the friendliest White House the Palestinian Authority has encountered in years .
Mr. Obama and other senior American officials have called on the government of Mr. Netanyahu , the leader of the right - wing Likud Party who became prime minister almost two months ago , to halt all settlement activity .
Israel says it reached understandings with the Bush administration  some formal , some informal and some tacit  on building within settlements .
For example , construction was limited in small outlying settlements but more tolerated in large ones in areas that Israel intends to keep under any deal with the Palestinians .
“ We want to work to reach understandings with the new administration ” that are “ fair ” and “ workable , ” said an Israeli official on Wednesday .
He was speaking on condition of anonymity because the issue was still under discussion .
The cast rehearses for " The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson " in 1990 .
CBS Photo Archive / Getty Images
In July 2007 , an announcement about puppets got significant attention in the international media .
Jim Henson 's family stated that it planned to donate more than 500 puppets , as well as props and sketches , to the Center of Puppetry Arts in Atlanta .
In order to receive the collection , the center must raise the funds to build a wing that will house and exhibit it .
The collection will span the more than 50 years of Henson 's work in TV and film .
If the name Jim Henson is n't familiar , you probably know one of his most popular creations : a small , bright - green frog with long limbs , round eyes and an endearing way of throwing his arms over his head and yelling " Yaaaay ! " when he gets excited .
He 's been on television for more than 50 years and in movies for nearly 30 .
Kermit the Frog is one of Jim Henson 's puppets , better known as Muppets , and an international ambassador for puppets .
Kermit and Jim Henson were on hand for the opening of the Center for Puppetry Arts in 1978 .
Many people refer to Jim Henson as the most influential American puppeteer ever .
Advertisement Advertisement
But what exactly is a Muppet ?
According to some sources , including Jim Henson 's wife , Jane , " Muppet " is a combination of the words " marionette " and " puppet . "
( A marionette is a specific type of puppet with strings attached to a control bar or bars , operated by a puppeteer from overhead . )
However , Henson himself always said that he came up with the word " Muppet " because he liked the sound of it .
Muppets come in all sizes , from just a few inches long to more than 8 feet tall .
They can be hand puppets , rod puppets or a combination of the two .
Some Muppets are even worn by their operators .
Muppets are also just about every shape , color and style imaginable -- they can look like an animal , a person or an imaginary creature .
But all Muppets have a few things in common :
They 're made from soft , flexible materials , they 're perfectly suited for TV and movies , and they have unique , dynamic personalities .
In this article , we 'll learn all about Muppets -- the different types , who operates them , where they come from and what they 've been up to lately .
First , we 'll look at how Muppets are made .
Muppet Bodies Fozzie ( a live - hand Muppet ) and Kermit ( hand - and - rod ) in " The Great Muppet Caper " Hulton Archive / Getty Images
The earliest Muppets were created solely by Jim Henson .
He drew rough sketches indicating what he thought the Muppet should look like , then set about building it .
The first version of Kermit -- a lizardlike creature -- had a cardboard body covered in material cut from a fuzzy green coat that belonged to Henson 's mother .
Kermit 's eyes were two halves of a spherical toy called Wacky Stax .
Some of Henson 's other early Muppets were made from hard materials , like papier - mache , but Henson soon settled on soft materials .
These give Muppeteers ( Muppet puppeteers ) the ability to make the Muppet emote .
Because Kermit 's head is essentially a fabric covering over the Muppeteer 's hand , for example , the puppeteer can change his expression by moving his fingers and tilting his hand .
Advertisement Advertisement Henson soon realized that designing and building each Muppet on his own was impossible .
So he began adding designers and builders to his team , starting with Don Sahlin .
Henson continued to sketch most Muppet designs , relying on his team to flesh them out and bring them to life .
New Muppets still begin as sketches and move to detailed concept drawings .
After the concept is approved by the workshop 's creative supervisor , a builder creates the Muppet 's head and body .
Most Muppets are made of reticulated polyfoam , which is light , flexible and durable .
( Some original Muppets were made of foam rubber , which disintegrates over time . )
Depending on the type of Muppet , its head and body may be cut and sculpted from a block of foam or created by gluing together layers and pieces of foam with contact cement .
The builder next creates patterns for the Muppet 's " skin " and pins them to the foam .
After making adjustments , he cuts the skin material using the patterns , then pins , glues and stitches it to the foam .
Many Muppets are covered in antron fleece ( often known as " Muppet fleece " ) , which can be dyed any color .
Other " skin " materials include flocking , fake fur and feathers .
Both the color and type of material are important decisions , because they make a big difference in the Muppet 's personality .
Most Muppets are either hand - and - rod or live - hand Muppets , and a few occasionally switch between the two .
The Swedish Chef is a special case -- he is the only Muppet to have actual human hands instead of gloves .
His head is operated by one Muppeteer ( originally Jim Henson ) and his hands by another ( originally Frank Oz ) .
The composition of the Muppet 's arms depend on if it's a rod - in - hand or a live - hand Muppet .
If the arms will be operated by rods , they 're usually tubes of stuffed fabric .
The hands are made of a stiff material like thin plywood , foam and armature wire to give them shape .
The thin black metal rods are attached to the hands at one end and to wooden dowels at the other .
Live - hand Muppets have hollow arms and four - fingered gloves , which allow Muppeteers to insert their own hands .
There is usually some extra fabric between the Muppet 's body and the right hand to allow room for a second Muppeteer .
Different versions of Muppets -- some with legs and some without -- are often built to allow for uses in different situations .
Because Muppets are filmed in close - up , their seams can't show or the illusion of realism will be spoiled .
Muppet designer and builder Don Sahlin perfected a special stitch known as the Henson stitch .
The fuzzy pile of antron fleece " skin " also helps to make stitches virtually disappear .
Kermit has a seam running down the center of his nose , for example , but it can't be seen on camera .
We 'll look at the Muppets ' facial features next .
Who Owns the Muppets ?
Three different companies hold the rights to the characters that we call the Muppets .
The Muppets Holding Company , a division of the Walt Disney Company , owns all of the “ classic ” Muppets , including those from “ The Muppet Show . ”
The Sesame Workshop ( formerly the Children 's Television Workshop ) owns all of the “ Sesame Street ” characters .
The Jim Henson Company owns all of the other characters , including those from “ Fraggle Rock . ” ­
Muppet Faces
You can tell from Elmo 's large pupils that he 's a young Muppet .
Peter Kramer / Getty Images
Once the builder has the head and body completed , the Muppet needs features and accessories .
Muppet palates are usually composed of one or more different types of materials : foam , fabric and a stiff material such as gasket rubber or cardboard .
If the Muppet has a nose , it can be made from soft foam spheres or ovoids .
Some Muppets do n't have noses , and others , like Fraggles , have snouts instead .
A Muppet 's eyes are considered its most important features .
Most Muppet eyes are spheres -- either tacked on to the Muppet or set into sockets -- or flat ovals .
The pupils are usually placed slightly toward each other to give the Muppet focus .
They can also convey the age of the Muppet .
The younger the Muppet , the larger the pupils [ Source : Sesame Workshop Newsletter ] .
Another Don Sahlin invention , the Magic Triangle , refers to the shape formed by the eyes and nose .
It 's important to get this placement perfect , because it gives the Muppet focus and character .
That 's why the eyes are often the last thing to be placed .
Advertisement Advertisement Some Muppets do n't have eyes at all ; instead , glasses , lashes or eyebrows function as " eyes . "
Others have the ability to roll their eyes , blink or move their eyebrows .
Builders use a variety of methods to accomplish this , including wires and strings accessible to the Muppeteer , remote controls or a motion - capture device ( known in the industry as a Waldo ) worn on the hand of another performer .
Muppet accessories vary widely depending on the particular character .
Some have clothing , but lots of Muppets , like Kermit , go au naturel .
Miss
Piggy is known for her vast wardrobe and had her own costume designer during " The Muppet Show , " but many clothed Muppets have a set costume that is a part of their character and rarely changes .
We 'll look at the basics of Muppeteering next .
The Workshop Before Disney purchased the bulk of the Muppets , the place where the Muppets were built was known as simply " the Muppet Workshop . "
After Disney 's purchase , the workshop became a division of the Creature Shop ( which builds animatronic puppets and other non-Muppet puppets ) and goes by " the Jim Henson Puppet Workshop . "
Currently the workshop builds puppets for " Sesame Street " as well as other Henson productions .
Muppeteers Most Muppets are controlled by one or more Muppeteers .
It may appear simple at first -- just put your hand inside the Muppet 's head and bring your thumb and the rest of your hand together to make the Muppet " talk . "
But how do you make a Muppet talk while using his hands ?
What about when Muppets interact with people ?
In reality , operating a Muppet can be very complicated .
During the run of " The Muppet Show , " Muppeteer Dave Goelz , who had no previous experience in puppetry , admitted that " It takes maybe five years to do everything without thinking about it .
In fact , I still find it difficult . "
Frank
Oz stated that " What we are doing is so complicated that you do n't really have time to think about how you are doing it [...]
First your body understands , and then your mind grasps what you 're doing .
Sometimes " [ source : Finch ] .
Advertisement Advertisement
A hand - and - rod Muppet , like Grover of " Sesame Street , " is one of the simplest Muppets to operate .
The Muppeteer 's right hand fits up through Grover 's body to his head , and his hands are attached to rods that the Muppeteer can move and lift with his left hand .
Most Muppets are left - handed because the Muppeteer 's right hand is busy operating the head .
The Muppet can clap or hug with both hand rods in the Muppeteer 's left hand .
Otherwise , an additional Muppeteer can operate the right - hand rod and the leg rods when necessary .
Ernie is a live - hand Muppet that requires two Muppeteers : one to operate his head and left hand and another to operate his right hand ( known as right - handing ) . " " Some Muppets are completely operated by rods and cables , like Rizzo the Rat .
He has multiple rods to move his head , mouth , arms and legs .
Slimey the Worm , at nearly 3 inches long , is so small that he is operated by a single rod .
Some small Muppets , like the Doozers on " Fraggle Rock , " are operated entirely by remote control .
Anything Muppets Because of the need for background and one - shot characters , the Muppet builders created “ Anything Muppets ” ( on “ The Muppet Show , ” they were called “ Whatnots ” ) .
These Muppets are essentially blank slates without features , hair , or clothing .
They can be transformed quickly and easily from the stock of eyes , noses , hair and costumes in the Puppet Workshop .
Currently , there are about a dozen different types of Anything Muppet in use on “ Sesame Street . ”
Full - Bodied Muppets Full - bodied Muppets require the performer to literally step inside them .
Big Bird is probably the most recognizable of this type of Muppet .
To attain Big Bird 's height , the Muppeteer inside wears shoes with 5 - inch heels .
He raises his right hand as high as he can above his head to control Big Bird 's head and mouth .
His left hand fits into Big Bird 's left glove .
Most of the time , Big Bird 's right hand is controlled by a wire that runs underneath the costume and attaches to his left hand .
That means that when the Muppeteer raises his ( and Big Bird's ) left hand , Big Bird 's right hand goes down , and vice versa .
In performances in front of a chroma key screen ( a blue screen or green screen ) , a second Muppeteer operates Big Bird 's left hand .
Originally , Muppeteers saw out of full - bodied Muppets through a scrim in the Muppet 's neck , with a small monitor strapped to their chests to watch the Muppet 's actions .
Advances in technology allow two Muppeteers to operate some large Muppets , like the Gorgs from " Fraggle Rock . "
One Muppeteer wears the costume and watches movements through tiny monitors embedded inside the head at the Muppet 's eye level .
The other provides the voice and controls facial expressions remotely .
Advertisement Advertisement
These are the basic mechanics of Muppeteering , but actually performing in front of the cameras is even more complex .
Muppets are especially unique because they do n't perform in a traditional " puppet theater " with a curtain or backdrop to conceal the Muppeteer .
They walk around like human actors and often interact with the actors .
Next , we 'll look at how this is accomplished . ­
Acting with Muppets " Sesame Street " has many human characters , and " The Muppet Show " had at least one human guest star each week during its run .
So what 's it like to act with Muppets ?
According to most of these actors , it 's much like acting with other humans .
Carol Burnett , who guest - starred in season five of " The Muppet Show , " said that " When Kermit is up there , staring you in the face , you believe in him completely " [ source : Finch ] .
Many of the Muppets ad - lib and chat with human actors when the cameras are n't rolling .
Muppeteering Actor Matt Robinson ( as Gordon ) chats with Cookie Monster on " Sesame Street . "
Bill Pierce / Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images Muppeteering on TV shows and in movies requires special measures because the Muppeteer must be hidden to keep up the illusion .
When " Sesame Street " began , Henson came up with the idea of " platforming up " sets whenever possible .
This means that the sets are actually 8 to 10 feet in the air so that the Muppeteers stand at their full height with their hands over their heads to operate their Muppets .
( Some Muppeteers wear built - up shoes so they 're at the same height as their taller colleagues . )
The camera is set up to frame only the action of the Muppets , which makes it appear as though they 're walking around on the set by themselves .
Keeping everything in perspective can be tricky .
Sets that will show only Muppet performers are usually " Muppet - size , " while sets that include human actors might be just human - size or a combination of the two .
For example , the " backstage " set on " The Muppet Show " has a staircase that is human - size , but the dressing room doors at the top are seven - eighths the size of normal doors [ source : Finch ] .
Sometimes the human actor simply stands on a platform roughly the height of the Muppeteer , so that the human and the Muppet are at the right height to interact .
But this is n't always practical , so sometimes sets are built with trenches for the Muppeteers to stand in as they perform , which are n't visible on camera .
Advertisement Advertisement
In order to see what their Muppets are doing , the Muppeteers have monitors in front of them ( or strapped to them ) .
They must always remember that when they move left , the Muppet will move right , and vice versa .
If the audio is live ( songs are usually prerecorded and lip- synched ) , the Muppeteer wears a microphone on a headband .
Scripts are often taped to the monitor .
Muppets do n't always act on raised sets , though .
When they venture outside , Muppeteering takes on an entirely new dimension .
Often , the Muppeteer has to crouch or lie down to keep out of the camera shot while performing .
On the street set of " Sesame Street , " Muppeteers sit on small rolling stools .
Sometimes a special apparatus is built to accommodate the Muppeteer or the Muppet .
When " The Muppet Movie " hit theaters in 1979 , many people were amazed by some of the ways that the Muppets interacted with the real world .
In the opening sequence , Kermit sits on a log in his swamp , plays the banjo and sings .
The water in the swamp is real , and the camera moves 360 degrees around Kermit , so where 's the Muppeteer ?
Jim Henson operated Kermit through a rubber sleeve while squeezed into a small , cramped chamber built underneath the water .
A tube to the surface allowed Henson to breathe .
Other Muppet movies have showed Muppets riding bicycles , driving cars , flying airplanes -- in other words , acting just like people .
For the bicycle rides , builders created marionette versions of the Muppets , which were operated from a rigging device suspended above them .
( Subsequent bicycle - riding scenes have been accomplished by remote control . )
In car - driving scenes , the Muppeteers crouched in the backseat of the car and a little person actually drove the car from the trunk while watching a monitor .
Diving into swimming pools and flying airplanes require a technique known as puppet switching .
This means that some Muppets are created as both hand puppets and full - body Muppets , and they can switch between the two depending on the requirements of the scene .
When Miss Piggy roller - skated in " The Muppets Take Manhattan " or when Oscar walks around in his trash can on the set of " Sesame Street , " they are full - body Muppets performed by little people instead of hand puppets .
Many of the Muppet characters were developed over decades by a core group of Muppeteers .
In the next section , we 'll take a closer look at Jim Henson and Frank Oz .
In Two Places at Once Ever wonder why you never saw Kermit and Rowlf the Dog chatting together much on " The Muppet Show " ?
That 's because they were both performed by Jim Henson .
The same goes for Fozzie Bear and Miss Piggy , both performed by Frank Oz .
When Oscar and Big Bird talk to each other on " Sesame Street , " Carroll Spinney usually performs Big Bird live while an assistant performs Oscar .
Spinney prerecords Oscar 's lines .
Jim Henson and Frank Oz Jim Henson and Kermit Bernard Gotfryd / Getty Images
Because the Muppets have been around for more than 50 years , many people have " Muppeteer " on their resumes -- more than 100 of them , in fact .
Jim Henson was their leader , but Frank Oz , his right - hand man , is also an integral part of Muppet history .
Jim Henson Simply put , without Jim Henson , the Muppets would n't exist .
Henson began experimenting with puppetry as a high school student .
Until his death in 1990 , he performed and voiced numerous Muppets , including Kermit the Frog , Rowlf , Waldorf , Dr. Teeth , Link Hogthrob and Ernie .
Henson oversaw and took part in the creation of everything Muppet - related , including performing , writing , designing , building , directing and producing .
After his death , longtime Muppeteer Steve Whitmire took over the performance of many of Henson 's Muppets , including Kermit ( contrary to popular assumption , Henson 's son Brian never voiced Kermit ) .
His children run the Jim Henson Company today .
Advertisement Advertisement Henson had no illusions about puppets -- according to Frank
Oz , they were a " means to an end . "
" When Jim took Kermit off his arm , he had no difficulty leaving him behind and going somewhere else " [ source : Finch ] .
Frank OzOz began working with Jim Henson when he was 19 years old -- he was hired initially to replace Henson 's wife , Jane , when the Hensons started a family .
His first job was right - handing Rowlf the Dog .
Oz originally performed and voiced several Muppets , including Bert , Grover , Cookie Monster , Animal , Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear .
Eventually , Oz branched into writing and directing various Henson productions .
He will always be identified as the puppeteer and voice of Yoda in the " Star Wars " series .
After 30 years ,
Oz began to focus more on his non-Henson directing work .
He still occasionally performs and voices major Muppet characters .
Oz and Henson had a unique performing relationship because their major characters usually interacted .
" Watching Jim's Ernie teasing Frank Oz's Bert and driving him to distraction was to witness unadulterated glee , " said Caroly Wilcox , a longtime Muppeteer , designer and builder [ source : Finch ] .
Henson said that Oz was " probably the person most responsible for the Muppets being funny " [ source : Finch ] .
Becoming a Puppeteer Several universities and schools around the world offer courses and degrees in Puppetry Arts .
You can see a list of them on the Web site for UNIMA - USA , the American branch of the puppetry organization Union Internationale de la Marionette .
Many Muppeteers have backgrounds in art , journalism and theater , but the best way to become a puppeteer is to start .
There are lots of sites on building your own puppets and learning how to perform with them , including : Puppet 101
Project Puppet
Puppetry Forum at Muppet Central
Puppet Planet
Muppet Origins Rowlf duets with Liberace in 1978 .
Evening Standard / Getty Images
Given their status today , it 's hard to imagine that the Muppets did n't begin as children 's characters , or that initially Jim Henson balked at the idea of creating them for " Sesame Street . "
But " Sam and Friends , " Henson 's first TV show , was for adults .
He started it in 1955 as a college freshman with a classmate , Jane Nebel ( whom he later married ) .
" Sam and Friends " Muppets included the lizardlike Kermit as well as Sam , Yorick , Harry the Hipster , Professor Madcliff , Mushmellon and Chicken Liver .
The Muppets on " Sam and Friends " mostly lip - synched to popular songs and comedy routines and parodied other TV shows .
It ran for six years on a local Washington , D.C. , station , and its popularity got Henson invited to perform on shows like " The Tonight Show . "
Advertisement Advertisement During its run , Muppets began to appear in commercials for everything from coffee to dog food .
Rowlf the Dog was created specifically for Purina Dog Chow commercials and was a regular character on " The Jimmy Dean Show " from 1963 to 1966 .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s , Henson shot several pilots and TV specials featuring the Muppets , but had not yet gotten a series .
In 1968 , Joan Cooney established the Children 's Television Workshop and was strongly encouraged to bring on the Muppets for " Sesame Street , " the new children 's education show she was developing .
Henson did n't immediately accept , but according to Jane Henson , he agreed in part " because he had begun to realize that children could be a very sophisticated audience " [ source : The Works ] .
The Muppets that Henson and his team created continue to appear on " Sesame Street " and in numerous TV specials .
Henson shot " The Muppet Show " pilot , " Sex and Violence , " in 1975 .
In the same year , a new NBC show called " Saturday Night Live " began airing sketches from the " Land of Gorch , " featuring new Muppet characters .
" Saturday Night Live " writers did n't like writing for the Muppets , however , and the Muppets were " fired " halfway through the first season .
ABC passed on the " Muppet Show " pilot , but Henson struck a deal with ITC , a division of the Associated Communications Company .
The show was shot in London and syndicated to CBS stations across the United States .
Initially , producers had difficulty finding actors and musicians to be " special guest stars , " but by the fifth season , they had to pick through a huge list of talent .
" The Muppet Show " was unlike anything that had been on TV before -- a variety show with skits , a storyline and musical numbers , mostly acted out by puppets .
By the end of its run , people all over the world had seen it .
Due to its wild popularity , " The Muppet Show " spawned three movies while Henson was alive : " The Muppet Movie , " " The Great Muppet Caper " and " The Muppets Take Manhattan " and six direct - to - video and made - for - TV movies .
In 1977 , Henson created a TV special for HBO , " Emmet Otter 's Jug Band Christmas , " based on a children 's book .
Its realistic characters were both traditional hand Muppets and marionettes , and much of the technology created for " Emmet Otter " was built upon in the other Muppet movies .
Henson 's next children 's TV series , " Fraggle Rock , " aired from 1983 to 1986 on HBO .
Very different from " Sesame Street , " " Fraggle Rock " depicted the interactions between three " races " of Muppets : Fraggles , Doozers and Gorgs .
The shows also contained segments with Doc and his dog Sprocket , inhabitants of Outer Space ( the human world ) .
" Fraggle Rock " was also a huge success and appeared in a dozen countries and languages ­ Next , we 'll look at Muppet productions from the 1990s to the present .
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe ( SCEE ) has announced at E3 2009 that its global hit franchise Buzz !
is about to get bigger , better and even more personal with brand - new title Buzz ! ™ : Quiz World for PLAYSTATION®3 ( PS3 ™ ) and PSP ™ ( PlayStation ®Portable ) .
The world ’s favourite sharp - witted gameshow host Buzz !
has been busy preparing a general knowledge experience that ’ll knock your brains out in an all new , ultra - personalised experience that makes you and your friends the stars of the show .
With brand new rounds , characters and more play options than ever before , the greatest quiz show on Earth is about to get even better when Buzz ! : Quiz World arrives later this year for PAL territories .
The PS3 version has your name all over it – literally .
Buzz ! : Quiz
World lets you build your own personal player profile and tracks how well you ’re doing – not through a leaderboard but through the words of Buzz himself .
He ’ll address you by name and he ’ll keep notes on what you ’re good at and what you ’re not – and he ’ll make you , your family and friends giggle with personal quips when you least expect it .
As well as 5,000 brand new questions , the game features new characters , new rounds including a highly messy gunge tank round ( so watch your outfit ) , and a new range of game modes that let you choose exactly how you want to play – whether you fancy a quick , fun game with your friends , or a seriously entertaining clash of general knowledge brainpower with your family , Buzz ! : Quiz World lets you decide .
Sofa vs. Sofa online play has also been given a boost – now , with 8 player match ups for PlayStation ®Network quiz battles .
The PSP version sees a whole raft of portable Buzz !
firsts that makes it an irresistible offer to people who like to take their trivia on the go .
As well as the 4,500 questions that you get with the game , Buzz ! : Quiz World gives you access to the MyBuzz !
quiz online portal so you can personalise your quiz with questions that you and other players have written – previously a PS3 - only feature – and you ’ll also be able to download extra quiz packs from PlayStation ®Store to tailor your game to your favourite topics .
And – just as exciting – this new title lets PSP Buzz !
fans play online with other players from around the world , as well as with up to four friends in the same room .
There ’s a new , improved Pass Around mode too where six players can play with just one PSP , passing it between them for shared trivia action – and an enhanced single player mode that lets you unlock new characters and earn trophies to prove that you ’re a bona fide quiz master .
Whether you like to play on your own or with friends , at home or on the move , against Buzz !
or against gamers across the world , Buzz ! : Quiz World gives you all the choices and features you need to make you the star of the show .
Arriving late 2009 , it ’s the most impressive , most versatile and most downright enjoyable Buzz !
title ever – so get your trivia muscles warmed up and prepare to bash those buzzers .
なるほ！ってことでちょっと設定してみました。
# ~/.inputrc $ if mysql " \C- xd " : " show databases ; " " \C - xt " : " show tables ; " " \C - xu " : " select user , host , password from mysql.user order by user , host ; " " \C - xb " : " select user , host , db from mysql.db order by user , host ; " " \C- xc " : " show create table TN\ \G " $ endif
$ if applicationでmysqlコマンドだけで有効になるように。
pgsqlチックに\tとか\dとかだと、readlineの行編集のbindと被りまくるのでC-xでprefixするような感じで定義してみた。
news Diversity , Our Photoshopped - In Strength
At left : the cover of the City ’s FUN Guide , from its website .
At right : the original stock photo , as used on Look4me .
Well , this is awkward .
For the cover of their Spring & Summer FUN Guide ( a “ Toronto Parks , Forestry and Recreation booklet filled with programs and services for people of all ages ” distributed to “ community centres , civic centres , libraries and City Hall after February 22 , 2009 ” ) , the City of Toronto digitally altered a stock photo of a family to replace the tan - skinned father with a darker - skinned one , according to the National Post .
John Gosgnach , the communications director for the City ’s social development division , admitted to the Post that the “ African - Canadian person ” was “ superimposed … onto the family cluster in the original photo … .
the goal was to depict the diversity of Toronto and its residents . ”
Kevin Sack , the City ’s director of strategic communications , agreed with the goal , citing a directive to accurately represent Toronto ’s diversity in its publications .
“ [ T ] he policy says ‘ show diversity ’ and that ’s of course what we try and do because we want all of our publications to reflect the community that we serve… .
That ’s only fair .
People should see themselves reflected in city services because it ’s everyone who uses them . ”
The North York edition of the guide , at the North Toronto Memorial Community Centre .
Photos by Ayngelina Brogan / Torontoist .
It ’d be an embarrassing enough mistake to be caught forcibly editing a token Black guy into a photo that did n’t originally include him , all for the sake of “ diversity ” ( and it ’s amazing that it took this long to spot such an obvious photo manipulation ) , but what ’s probably most embarrassing for a City whose motto is “ Diversity Our Strength ” is that there does n’t seem to be , at least in this case , a clear sense of what the definition of “ diversity ” actually is — or , worse , that the definition extends mostly or only to visible ethnicity .
According to the Post , “ there are no criteria for what constitutes diversity , [ Kevin Sack ] acknowledged when asked how the policy is implemented in practice and why the family in the initial image did n’t seem to fit the bill . ”
Diversity , though , just means difference , and difference does n’t exist by itself : there has to be something to be different from , and you have to enunciate that difference to make it real .
The new blacker dad does make the cover of the FUN Guide more diverse than the one with the original family on it would have been , but that ’s only if you consider skin colour to be such an important and notable marker of difference that someone with darker skin must be sloppily edited into a photo of a lighter - skinned family to make it more accurately “ depict the diversity of Toronto and its residents . ”
( The black man is otherwise the same as the lighter - skinned man : he looks to be about the same age , gender , and have roughly the same relationship with the other people in the photo as the original man did . )
It ’s one thing for a city to be mindful of and to embrace all of the differences between its citizens and to tailor its decisions and its actions with all of their best interests in mind ; it ’s another thing to force it .
WASHINGTON --
The game was over .
Had to be , right ?
Trailing by two goals as the final minute began to tick away , Boston University clearly was going to have to wait to add to its collection of national hockey titles .
And Miami University was on the verge of its first NCAA championship in any team sport .
Boston U players celebrate their fifth Frozen Four title , first since 1995 .
AP Photo / Alex Brandon
Except all of a sudden , everything changed Saturday night .
BU 's Nick Bonino had a goal and an assist in the last 60 seconds to somehow force overtime , and the top - seeded Terriers won 4 - 3 on a shot that sailed in off a RedHawks player in the extra session .
Boston U. collected its first title since 1995 , and No. 5 overall .
" Wow .
What a hockey game .
What a finish , " BU coach Jack Parker said .
" All I can think of is it 's the greatest comeback I 've been involved in . "
That 's quite a statement from a 64 - year - old coach who set a record for most tournament victories with his 30th .
" The way we did it gave Coach a heart attack , but I would n't want it any other way , " said Hobey Baker Award winner Matt Gilroy , whose deft pass set up Bonino 's tying goal with 17.4 seconds remaining in regulation .
" The dramatics of it .
What just happened now -- I 'm still in awe of it . "
As well he should be .
After all , it 's not often a team gets to feel as though it celebrates a championship twice in one night .
First , BU went wild after erasing its late 3 - 1 deficit .
And then the Terriers went through a more prolonged victory party -- including an elaborate team dance session in the locker room -- after Colby Cohen scored the winning goal .
" I saw it go in , and that was it .
I do n't remember anything after that , " said Cohen , chosen as the Frozen Four 's most outstanding player .
" It 's an unbelievable feeling . "
His slap shot ricocheted off sliding Miami defenseman Kevin Roeder 's leg 11:47 into OT , fluttering over goalie Cody Reichard 's shoulder and into the upper - right corner .
Terrorists in Love : True Life Stories of Islamic Radicals — “ Groundbreaking ” Terror Free Tomorrow Book Released in New Paperback Version ( 6/5/12 )
TFT President Ken Ballen ’s book has been hailed by the Washington Post as a “ riveting , behind - the - scenes ” account and by Foreign Policy as “ likely [ to help ] hasten the demise of the terrorist movement . ”
The paperback version also features a new Reading Group Guide .
To view the book ’s website , click here .
Talibanistan ( January 2013 ) TFT President Ken Ballen is a contributing author on the book published by Oxford University Press .
Ballen and the book ’s other contributors were featured on C - SPAN ’s Book TV .
For the program and book , click here .
New Joint Study Released by Terror Free Tomorrow and the Brookings Institution ( November 2012 ) Brookings and TFT ’s new study is the first to assess in a comprehensive manner the additional benefits to both donors and recipients alike of humanitarian assistance .
For the full study , click here .
Terrorists in Love : The Real Lives of Islamic Radicals — New Terror Free Tomorrow Book ( 10/04/11 )
TFT President Ken Ballen ’s new book has been chosen by Publisher ’s Weekly as one of the top ten politics books that will be released in the Fall ( 2011 ) , calling it “ an unprecedented and unusual look at Islamic radicalism . ”
To view the book ’s website , click here .
Pakistan : Unprecedented Survey of Tribal Areas
In the first comprehensive public opinion survey covering sensitive political issues in the region , we found that suicide fighters enjoy widespread popular support .
This unprecedented finding helps explain the success of the Taliban and Al Qaeda ’s sanctuary — a safe haven that has had devastating consequences for American soldiers in Afghanistan .
For TFT ’s full survey report , click here .
For featured commentary on CNN , click here .
For other news coverage , click here .
Congressional Hearing — Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Surveys ( 11/18/09 )
TFT President Ken Ballen testified before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the overall meaning of TFT ’s more than 30 surveys in the Muslim world .
TFT surveys were also cited in the Chairman ’s opening statement and by the other witnesses .
For Ken Ballen ’s written congressional testimony , click here .
Al Qaeda and its Allies : The Endgame ?
( 10/21/09 )
Ken Ballen , TFT President , was a featured speaker at the leading annual conference on Al Qaeda and terrorism .
Having studied efforts in Saudi Arabia , Pakistan and Indonesia , Ballen spoke on the possibility and limits of de-radicalization of militants .
For a video of Ballen ’s presentation , click here .
Iran : Survey before Elections
In a rare independent nationwide survey before the June 2009 Presidential elections , Iranians of every political inclination are united in their desire for greater democracy , economic progress and better relations with the United States .
While our uncensored poll shows incumbent President Ahmadinejad in the lead with a plurality of support , the survey also reveals that a second round run off against his closest challenger , Mir Hussein Moussavi , is likely .
For TFT ’s full survey report , click here .
For featured commentary on CNN , click here .
For other news coverage , click here .
Al Qaeda Conference , Senate Caucus Room
TFT President Ken Ballen was among a select group of leading global experts on terrorism addressing this seminal conference .
For Ken Ballen ’s presentation , please click here .
For more analysis of the policy significance of Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work recently featured by CNN , Foreign Policy , the Los Angeles Times , CBS News , and a cover story by The Washington Monthly , click here .
Poll of Pakistan before June 2008 By - Elections
Pakistanis strongly favor their own government not fighting against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , but negotiating with them instead .
Public support for Al Qaeda is also gaining ground since earlier this year .
Important Parliamentary by - elections are scheduled in Pakistan for June 26th .
In the only poll before the elections , our survey shows that Nawaz Sharif is now the most popular political leader in Pakistan .
Mr. Sharif ’s party , the PML - N , would emerge as the clear winner in any national contest , far eclipsing the current largest party in Parliament , the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) .
For TFT 's complete survey report , click here .
Rockefeller Brothers Fund 2007 Annual Report
In its Annual Report for 2007 , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund ( “ RBF ” ) featured Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work .
The RBF is one of the leading foundations in the United States .
With more than fifty grantees in the area of peace and security , the RBF highlighted Terror Free Tomorrow as one of only three grantees whose work was singled out for 2007 .
For the excerpt from the RBF Annual Report , please click here .
Iran : New 2008 Survey before Elections
In a new public opinion poll across Iran before the upcoming March 14th national elections , Iranians do not strongly support the ballot choices offered to them .
Iranians also continue to overwhelmingly favor better relations with the United States , a full democracy for Iran , and concessions on the nuclear issue .
For TFT ’s full survey report , click here .
For a feature article in the Washington Post , click here .
Pakistan : New Poll before 2008 Elections
In dramatic reversal from just a few months ago , Pakistanis have turned against Osama Bin Laden , Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
And in an equally stunning turnaround , in advance of Pakistan ’s upcoming February 18th elections , nearly two - thirds of Pakistanis now intend to vote for the moderate political parties on the ballot .
For TFT ’s full survey report , click here .
For editorials on the survey , click here .
For news coverage , click here .
Saudi Arabia : Unprecedented Nationwide Survey
Saudi Arabia , birthplace of Islam , home to its holiest places , and also home country of Osama Bin Laden and 15 of the 19 9/11 terrorists .
Yet , Bin Laden ’s fellow countrymen have dramatically turned against him , his organization of Al Qaeda , Saudi fighters in Iraq , and terrorism itself .
And they have also equally dramatically turned in favor of Bin Laden ’s chief enemy : The United States of America .
The people of Saudi Arabia are now among the most pro-American and anti-terrorist of any in the entire Muslim world .
For TFT ’s full survey report , click here .
For the Christian Science Monitor , CNN , New York Times , Washington Post and other articles , click here .
Congressional Hearing featuring Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Iran Survey , House National Security Subcommittee ( 10/30/07 )
TFT President Ken Ballen was the lead witness and Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent survey of Iran was featured in a hearing on the views of the Iranian public .
For more information about the hearing , please click here .
For Ken Ballen ’s written congressional testimony , click here .
For a letter from Chairman Tierney , click here .
For additional information , click here .
Benazir Bhutto Reconciliation ( 2008 )
In her posthumous book , hailed by the New York Times as “ the most persuasive modern interpretation of Islam , ” the former Pakistani Prime Minister and assassinated leader relies on Terror Free Tomorrow findings for one of her most important future policy prescriptions .
“ When ordinary people in a country identify assistance improving their lives , they bond with the source of that aid .
Such a bonding could bring a dramatic turnaround in perception among Muslims — on the so - called Muslim street — about the West .
Empirical evidence substantiates this .
After the horrific tsunami devastated Indonesia in December 2004 , American public and private sector aid poured into the most populous Islamic nation on Earth .
A poll taken by Terror Free Tomorrow immediately thereafter showed that favorable views of the United States jumped 65 percent because of American aid to the Indonesian people .
Programs help change perceptions . ”
For Benazir Bhutto ’s full quote , click here .
The Audacity of Hope by President Barack Obama
President Barack Obama relies on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work for the conclusion to his foreign policy chapter .
“ Perhaps the world ’s fate depends not just on the events of its battlefields , ” President Obama writes , “ perhaps it depends just as much on the work we do in those quiet places that require a helping hand . ”
Citing Terror Free Tomorrow ’s findings , President Obama concludes that U.S. assistance to Indonesia after the tsunami is an example of the kind of policies that the United States should pursue : “ 65 percent of Indonesians surveyed said that this assistance had given them a more favorable view of the United States .
I am not naïve enough to believe that one episode in the wake of catastrophe can erase decades of mistrust .
But it ’s a start . ”
Click here .
Hearing on Al Qaeda , House Intelligence Committee ( 4/9/08 )
Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent surveys of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia were featured : “ Ten percent of Saudis have a favorable view of the al Qaeda terrorist network , according to a survey released in December 2007 by Terror Free Tomorrow , an international public opinion research group based in Washington .
Recent events in Pakistan may also be the best potential positive development in the fight against al Qaeda in years .
Support for suicide operations , according to Terror Free Tomorrow , have precipitously dropped in the past five years among Pakistanis from 33 % to 9 % .
Similarly , favorable views of bin Laden have plummeted from 70 % to 4 % in the past nine months in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan , where US officials have long believed bin Laden to be hiding .
This may finally create the political will among the Pakistani establishment and military to do what is necessary to eliminate al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan ”
Pakistan : Nationwide Survey ( August 2007 )
A new nationwide survey of Pakistan by Terror Free Tomorrow may help explain why Osama bin Laden remains at large in Pakistan and why both al Qaeda and the Taliban have regrouped there .
Nearly three quarters of Pakistanis oppose American military action to pursue Al Qaeda and Taliban fighters based inside Pakistan .
Moreover , a third or more of Pakistanis have a favorable view of Al Qaeda , the Taliban and bin Laden .
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is also the least popular political leader in Pakistan today — falling considerably behind bin Laden .
For a video of the CNN story , please click here .
For a transcript of the CNN story , please click here , for the CNN.com , New York Times , Washington Post and Financial Times articles , click here , for other news coverage , click here , and for the full survey report , here .
CNN Releases New Terror Free Tomorrow Poll of Pakistan ( 9/11/07 )
CNN released Terror Free Tomorrow ’s new poll of Pakistan in an exclusive , feature news story on Anderson Cooper 360 .
In reporting by Peter Bergen , CNN ’s Terrorism Analyst , TFT President Ken Ballen was interviewed , and the survey findings were widely displayed .
CNN also ran a feature story on CNN.com , the most trafficked news website in the world .
For a video of the CNN story , please click here .
For a transcript of the CNN story , please click here .
For the CNN.com article , please click here .
Hearing on Pakistan , House Armed Services Committee ( 10/11/07 )
Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent survey of Pakistan was highlighted : “ A recent poll taken by the U.S. nongovernmental organization Terror Free Tomorrow shows that an overwhelming majority of Pakistanis do not view the fight against terrorism as benefiting Pakistan nor do they see defeating al Qaeda as a priority for their leaders .
Instead they appear to blame the recent violence on Pakistani counterterrorism cooperation with the U.S. and increasingly question the benefits of continuing to support U.S. - led anti-terrorism efforts in the region that , in their opinion , rely too heavily on military force . ”
Hearing on Iran , House Foreign Affairs Committee ( 10/23/07 )
Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent survey of Iran was cited : “ In a poll conducted in the summer 2007 by the bipartisan group Terror Free Tomorrow , 80 percent of Iranians said they favored Iran offering full international nuclear inspections and a guarantee not to develop or possess nuclear weapons in return for outside aid . ”
U.S. House Floor ( 10/15-18/07 )
The findings of Terror Free Tomorrow ’s survey of Turkey were discussed and featured in statements on the House Floor and letters to the House leadership by key Members of Congress .
For the full poll results , click here .
Heritage Event : Terror Free Tomorrow Discussion of Iran Survey ( 10/23/07 )
Ken Ballen , Terror Free Tomorrow President , presented the findings of TFT ’s recent Iran , Syria and Pakistan polls at the Heritage Foundation .
CSIS Event : Terror Free Tomorrow Discussion of Pakistan Survey ( 10/17/07 )
Ken Ballen , Terror Free Tomorrow President , presented the findings of TFT ’s recent Pakistan poll at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) .
Ken was joined in an analysis of the poll ’s critical importance to American foreign policy by noted national security expert from CSIS , Anthony Cordesman and Teresita Schaffer , director of the South Asia Program at CSIS .
For the CSIS roundtable event , click here .
NBC News : The Today Show ( 9/13/07 )
Reporting from Tehran , Matt Lauer prominently featured Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent survey in examining the views of Iranians .
Citing the work of “ Terror Free Tomorrow , a Washington based non-profit ” , NBC News highlighted in charts TFT ’s findings , including that “ almost 70 % of Iranians favor normal relations and trade with the United States , and only 29 % consider nuclear weapons to be an important priority for their government ” , among others .
Syria : Pioneering New Poll
Despite powerful anti-American feelings and support for Iraqi fighters , 63 % of Syrians still favor Syria working with the United States to help resolve the Iraq war .
In another important finding , Syrians also favor peace with Israel .
Yet , in marked contrast to Terror Free Tomorrow ’s recent survey of Iran , which had similar methodology , questions and timing , Syrians — unlike Iranians — oppose closer relations with the United States , while expressing satisfaction with their current system of government .
For a Wall Street Journal commentary on the poll , click here , for other press coverage , click here , for the full survey report , click here .
The Wall Street Journal Commentary ( 8/4/07 )
In a lead commentary , Ken Ballen reports on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s unprecedented surveys of Syria and Iran , concluding : “ The U.S. should lead a broad - based international coalition , and not give the Iranian and Syrian regimes a free hand in portraying the U.S. as the mortal enemy of their people .
… Public opinion in these countries tells us that it is time for the U.S. and the international community to place the ball squarely in the court of the Iranian and Syrian people -- and let their respective governments play defense for a change . ”
For the full editorial releasing the survey results in the Journal , click here .
Iran : Unprecedented Nationwide Survey
Discontent with the current system of government , the state of Iran ’s economy , and isolation from the West is widespread throughout Iran .
In this context , nuclear weapons are the lowest priority for the Iranian people .
Iranians even overwhelmingly support their government providing full inspections and a guarantee not to develop nuclear weapons in return for trade and assistance from other countries .
The popular will to live in a democracy open to the West and the United States , with greater economic opportunity , comes from every region and segment of Iranian society .
These are among the significant findings of the first nationwide public opinion survey of Iran on these issues since President Ahmadinejad took office .
For a Wall Street Journal commentary on the poll , click here , for other press coverage , click here , for the CSIS event click here , for the full survey report , click here .
The Wall Street Journal Commentary ( 7/11/07 )
“ Keen observers of Iran have insisted for years that the Iranian people are pro-Western , indeed pro-American , while opposed to the largely unelected clerical regime that rules them .
For the first time , Terror Free Tomorrow 's unprecedented nationwide poll of Iran offers indisputable empirical proof that these commentators are dead - on in their assessment of the ‘ Iranian street . ’”
For the full editorial by Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen , releasing the survey results in the Journal , click here .
CSIS Event : Terror Free Tomorrow Discussion of Iran Survey ( 7/13/07 )
Ken Ballen , Terror Free Tomorrow President , presented the findings of the Iran poll at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) .
The event was broadcast live by C - SPAN .
Ken was joined in an analysis of the poll ’s critical importance to American foreign policy by noted national security / Middle East experts from CSIS , Anthony Cordesman and Jon Alterman .
For C- SPAN ’s broadcast of the CSIS roundtable event , click here .
For the CSIS video , click here .
US House Bi-Partisan Iran Working Group ( 7/26/07 )
Ken Ballen , Terror Free Tomorrow President , presented findings and analysis of the Iran poll to Members and staff of the House of Representatives , including key Committees , such as the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
Events on Capitol Hill ( May 2007 )
Senators Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) and Norm Coleman ( R - MN ) ( May 7 , 2007 ) introduced new legislation to strengthen America 's public diplomacy and humanitarian efforts .
The Senators rely on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s surveys as one of the key findings for the legislation : “ According to polling from Terror Free Tomorrow , American humanitarian assistance , in places like Indonesia , Pakistan and Bangladesh , has a lasting impact that favorably increases public opinion toward the United States . ”
Terror Free Tomorrow also hosted an event on May 18 , 2007 for Congressional staff in the House Rayburn Building , where Ken Ballen presented TFT ’s latest survey in Turkey ( see below ) .
Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Mike Mullen , Testimony before the House Armed Services Committee ( 3/1/07 )
“ Perhaps the most tangible application of Navy ’s global reach and persistent presence in building partner capacity was last year ’s five month deployment of the hospital ship MERCY in the summer of 2006 to the tsunami-affected areas in South and Southeast Asia .
In an August 2006 public opinion survey , conducted by Terror Free Tomorrow , Indonesians and Bangladeshis overwhelmingly indicated their support of this humanitarian mission .
In Indonesia , 85 % of those aware of MERCY ’s visit had a favorable opinion , and in Bangladesh this figure was 95 % .
Further , 87 % of those polled in Bangladesh stated that MERCY ’s activities made their overall view of the United States more positive .
These polling results provide real indication of the power of partnerships . ”
J. Michael Waller , The Public Diplomacy Reader ( 2007 ) ; Tony Smith , Washington ’s Bid ( 2007 ) ; Dana Dillon , The China Challenge ( 2007 ) ; Carnes Lord , Losing Hearts and Minds ( 2007 ) ; Dick Martin , Rebuilding Brand America ( 2007 ) .
In a separate chapter entitled “ Medical Diplomacy generates large - scale Goodwill , ” Professor Waller extensively quotes from Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work as one of the six best examples of findings documenting the effectiveness of humanitarian public diplomacy ( pp.206-209 ) .
Professor Smith cites Terror Free Tomorrow as one of a select group of the most effective non-governmental organizations addressing the foreign policy of the United States ( p.142 ) .
Noted national security expert Dana Dillon writes :
“ The most important polling organization for understanding the progress of American policies in the war on terrorism is Terror Free Tomorrow . ” ( p.56 ) .
Professor Lord references Terror Free Tomorrow ’s findings as “ striking demonstrations of the malleability of public opinion in the Muslim world in the face of the reality of American beneficence . ” ( p.41 ) , while Martin concurs .
Lael Brainard , Director , Brookings Institution , Testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ( 6/12/07 )
“ In a world transformed by globalization and challenged by terrorism , foreign aid deserves attention as a critical instrument of American soft power .
With hard power assets stretched thin and facing 21st century threats from global poverty , pandemics , and terrorism , the U.S. must deploy its soft power more effectively .
Recent polls underscore the importance of getting this right .
Abroad , Terror Free Tomorrow found that foreign aid dramatically improved public perceptions of the United States in Pakistan , Bangladesh , and Indonesia , for a sustained period following U.S. generosity in the wake of the tsunami and the Pakistan earthquake . ”
New Public Opinion Survey of Turkey
Terror Free Tomorrow ’s latest Turkish survey is the first on an issue of vital importance to both Turkey and the United States .
The U.S. Congress is considering a resolution formally recognizing as organized genocide the mass killings of Armenians from 1915 - 23 in Turkey ’s predecessor state of the Ottoman Empire .
Our unprecedented survey shows that the resolution would actually set back the cause it purports to achieve : namely , Turkey ’s recognition of its own past and reconciliation with Armenia today .
The survey was conducted in collaboration with the ARI Movement of Turkey and its affiliate in the United States , the ARI Foundation .
For the full joint poll report , click here .
For a Terror Free Tomorrow editorial on the poll , click here .
The Christian Science Monitor Editorial
In a lead commentary , Ken Ballen reports on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s latest findings and their policy implications : “ Our surveys show that not only do Muslims reject terrorism as much if not more than Americans , but even those who are sympathetic to radical ideology can be won over by positive American actions that promote goodwill and offer real hope . ”
For the complete op - ed , please click here .
The Christian Science Monitor Editorial
In another lead commentary , Ken Ballen analyzes how Terror Free Tomorrow ’s survey data has led to successful American actions in Muslim countries , including the recent mission of the U.S. Navy ship Mercy : “ By demonstrating our common humanity and a benevolent side to American power , these missions have proved to be America 's most successful weapon against extremism in the Muslim world . ”
For the full op - ed , click here .
President Clinton Cites Terror Free Tomorrow
President Clinton continues to regularly cite Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work .
On April 18 , 2007 , in a speech before the Mid-Year Meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative , President Clinton said : “ After the tsunami in Indonesia , the approval rating of the United States soared because of the U.S. military just helping ordinary Indonesians . ”
For more remarks , click here .
Terror Free Tomorrow is a member of the Clinton Global Initiative .
For more , click here .
New Nationwide Public Opinion Survey of Nigeria
Lee Hamilton , Co-Chair of the 9/11 Commission and the Iraq Study Group commented on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s latest survey : " Terror Free Tomorrow 's new survey of Nigerian opinion reinforces a lesson that America has learned in places as diverse as Pakistan and Indonesia : in the struggle against extremism , the effective and targeted use of U.S. assistance can be as effective - if not more effective - than the deployment of bombs and guns .
To win the war of ideas and to combat the swelling turmoil around the world , the United States must use all aspects of American power - including the power of American generosity . "
For the full poll report , click here .
Unprecedented Polls : World ’s Largest Muslim Countries Welcome U.S. Navy
In unprecedented public opinion surveys by Terror Free Tomorrow , Indonesians and Bangladeshis overwhelmingly welcomed the U.S. Navy ’s recent humanitarian mission of the Navy hospital ship Mercy .
Terror Free Tomorrow ’s path breaking surveys prove that humanitarian aid by the Navy succeeds in changing the opinion of the United States in the most populous Muslim countries of the world .
For the full results , analysis and methodology , click here .
Admiral Michael Mullen at the National Press Club
The Navy ’s top officer , Admiral Michael Mullen announced on November 16 , 2006 that the favorable change in public opinion documented by Terror Free Tomorrow after American tsunami relief was a “ critical factor ” in launching the 2006 mission of the Navy hospital ship Mercy .
Mercy is a fully equipped , 1,000 - bed hospital , which from May to August offered free medical services and training to the people of Indonesia and Bangladesh , including care to 61,000 needy patients .
According to Admiral Mullen , overwhelming favorable opinions of the mission by both Indonesians and Bangladeshis , as documented by Terror Free Tomorrow , will lead to future missions by the Mercy and other naval hospital ships .
For the full poll results , click here .
For articles on Admiral Mullen ’s comments , click here .
The Washington Post ( 1/7/07 )
From the Brookings Institution for the Washington Post ’s Think Tank Town :
“ The effects of the power of service can also be seen in the results of a recent Terror Free Tomorrow poll , which showed a markedly positive change in major Muslim nation perceptions of the United States in response to humanitarian relief and service initiatives .
Polling data indicated that nearly 60 percent of Indonesians and 75 percent of Pakistanis held more favorable views of the United States following humanitarian assistance after their tsunami and earthquake tragedies .
Importantly , this change in perception lasted beyond the initial aid and service , underscoring that America 's actions can have lasting impact . ”
The Brookings Institution
From a report released on November 6 , 2006 : “ While America is awash in polls this political season , one recent poll deserves attention because its findings point to a policy change that would have more impact on the future of the United States than the outcome of the midterm elections .
A poll by Terror Free Tomorrow conducted in Bangladesh , Indonesia and Pakistan , the three most populous Muslim countries , found that U.S. foreign aid has the potential to dramatically improve public perceptions of the United States .
The end result of the poll findings is that the United States has the ability to win " hearts and minds " through " deeper American assistance , directly to the people , following their expressed priorities . "
Terror Free Tomorrow Featured at the Heritage Foundation
The Heritage Foundation featured the results of Terror Free Tomorrow latest polling in the Muslim world .
For Terror Free Tomorrow ’s presentation , click here .
For the poll results , click here .
Turkish Policy Quarterly Editorial ( 12/06 )
From the editor of the influential Turkish Policy Quarterly : “ More than ever , civil society needs to play a role in overcoming biases and building bridges .
One of the oft heard criticisms of U.S. policy is a disregard of the sensitivities of other cultures and histories .
In this context , organizations such as Terror Free Tomorrow are noteworthy , contributing to the understanding among American policymakers of the reasons underlying the fluctuations in anti-American sentiments worldwide . ”
New Polls : American Aid Key to Favorable Muslim Public Opinion
While people from Indonesia , Bangladesh and Pakistan — the world ’s three largest Muslim countries — increasingly oppose US - led efforts to fight terrorism , most are favorable to the United States for past aid and want deeper American assistance in the future .
In fact , American assistance results in a substantial favorable change in opinion toward the United States .
For a full poll report , click here .
The Brookings Institution
Referring to Terror Free Tomorrow ’s latest poll ( click here ) , Brookings ’
Director writes : “ Together , the Terror Free Tomorrow poll and our research show that the mandate is clear for foreign - aid reform . ”
Terror Free Tomorrow Featured as Leading Public Opinion Surveys in Muslim World
Terror Free Tomorrow is featured in a UPI story ( 10/11/06 ) on the problems and opportunities involved in polling in the Muslim world .
The article details the experiences that Terror Free Tomorrow , “ an organization which studies attitudes towards terrorism around the world ” has encountered in conducting public opinion surveys in Bangladesh and Indonesia .
For the full article , click here .
Terror Free Tomorrow Participant in Clinton Global Initiative
Terror Free Tomorrow is honored to be chosen as a participant in the 2006 Clinton Global Initiative .
The Clinton Global Initiative , led by President Bill Clinton , is a non-partisan catalyst for action , including current and former heads of state , top businesses and key non-governmental organizations .
For more on the Clinton Global Initiative , click here .
For a full list of participating NGOs , including Terror Free Tomorrow , click here .
For a letter from President Clinton , click here .
Terror Free Tomorrow is also featured in the Clinton Global Initiative December 2006 Newsletter .
The Audacity of Hope by Senator Barack Obama ( Crown Oct 2006 )
In his new book , Senator Barack Obama relies on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work for the conclusion to his foreign policy chapter .
“ Perhaps the world ’s fate depends not just on the events of its battlefields , ” Senator Obama writes , “ perhaps it depends just as much on the work we do in those quiet places that require a helping hand . ”
Citing Terror Free Tomorrow ’s findings , Senator Obama concludes that U.S. assistance to Indonesia after the tsunami is an example of the kind of policies that the United States should pursue : “ 65 percent of Indonesians surveyed said that this assistance had given them a more favorable view of the United States .
I am not naïve enough to believe that one episode in the wake of catastrophe can erase decades of mistrust .
But it ’s a start . ”
Click here .
President Clinton Cites Terror Free Tomorrow
President Clinton continues to regularly cite Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work in his speeches .
For example , President Clinton cited Terror Free Tomorrow 's public opinion surveys in his speeches on March 28 , 2006 , April 12 , 2006 , May 23 , 2006 , June 5 , 2006 , June 21 , 2006 , and November 13 , 2006 , among others :
“ There is one , and only one Muslim country where the public opinion of the United States has soared since 2003 and stayed high : Indonesia — the largest Muslim country in the world .
When the President asked his father and me to coordinate part of the fundraising effort for tsunami relief , and then we went together to South Asia , we came back to make our report to the White House .
When I was on the way in to the meeting with the President , one of the career people from USAID who had worked with us handed me a poll just completed in Indonesia .
Comparing attitudes on the United States and Osama Bin Laden with a year previous , approval of the United States [ because of the tsunami ] had gone to 65 percent and approval of Bin Laden had gone from 58 to 23 percent .
Mr. Bin Laden had done nothing to the Indonesians after the tsunami , but nothing for them , either .
And in a stunning moment — when they saw the military dropping food instead of bombs , when they saw the American civilian aid workers , both from religious and nonreligious groups , in a stunning moment , they saw us as people because we saw them as people .
Across all the religious and geographic and political divides , in that terrible moment of tragedy , we were united in our common humanity .
A year later , according to another survey [ by Terror Free Tomorrow ] just released , those gains in public opinion have endured . ”
Philadelphia Inquirer Editorial
In the lead commentary , Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen writes that “ the changed circumstances of the latest conflict against terror require , as our military leaders recognize , a different and imaginative use of our military and civilian resources to prevail . ”
For the full editorial , click here .
The Wall Street Journal Editorial
Citing Terror Free Tomorrow ’s new poll of Indonesia , in a lead editorial , the editors write : “ America 's popularity in Indonesia has risen dramatically in the past year -- Gitmo , Abu Ghraib and Halliburton notwithstanding .
That 's the conclusion of a remarkable poll conducted last month for the Washington - based NGO , Terror Free Tomorrow .
Since 2003 , the number of Indonesians with a favorable view of the U.S. has nearly tripled , to 44 % from 15 % ....
The proximate cause for the changed Indonesian outlook has been U.S. relief efforts following the December 2004 tsunami . ”
For the full editorial , click here .
The Christian Science Monitor Editorial
In the lead commentary , Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen writes that America ’s top military leaders , based on Terror Free Tomorrow public opinion surveys over the past year , agree “ if American efforts are focused on positive rebuilding and vision for the future , the foot soldiers for bin Laden and radical Islam will desert .
Islamist extremism can indeed be effectively defeated in Muslim hearts and minds . ”
For the full editorial , click here .
US Senate Passes Resolution Based on Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Findings Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Pakistan poll was cited by the Senate as one of the principal findings in Senate Resolution 356 , unanimously passed by the Senate on January 27 , 2006 .
The Senate supported the United States “ to take the lead ” to encourage and continue relief efforts in response to the earthquake in Pakistan , finding that “ the results of a poll by the nonprofit organization Terror Free Tomorrow show that , at the end of November 2005 , more than 46 percent of Pakistanis had a favorable view of the United States , double the percentage of Pakistanis that held that view in May 2005 . ”
The resolution was co-sponsored by Senators Lugar and Biden ( Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ) , and introduced by Senator Mikulski , among others .
Terror Free Tomorrow on CNN
Ken Ballen , Terror Free Tomorrow President , was interviewed on CNN about Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work .
The interview with anchor Carol Lin focused on the first poll in Pakistan since the earthquake of October 8 , 2005 , conducted by Terror Free Tomorrow .
Mr. Ballen also discussed the poll on the most watched Pakistani news broadcast ( GEO TV ) , as well as numerous radio shows across the United States .
For a transcript of the CNN interview , click here .
Wall Street Journal Editorial
The Wall Street Journal released Terror Free Tomorrow ’s poll of Pakistan , the first survey after the October 8th earthquake .
Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen and Advisory Board member Husain Haqqani detailed the path breaking poll results in commentary , revealing that Pakistanis now hold a more favorable opinion of the United States than at any time since 9/11 , while support for Al Qaeda in its home base has dropped to its lowest level since then .
For the full editorial , click here .
Miami Herald Editorial
Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen discusses the implications of Terror Free Tomorrow ’s unprecedented polling : “ Results from a recent poll of Pakistanis deliver a stunning new message on the United States ' course for future success .
If American efforts are focused on a positive rebuilding and vision for the future , the foot soldiers for bin Laden and radical Islam will desert .
Islamist extremism can indeed be effectively defeated in Muslim hearts and minds . ”
For the full op - ed , click here .
Congressional Research Service Report for Congress
In its report to the Congress on humanitarian assistance and the South Asia earthquake , the CRS found : “ Systematic public polling of Pakistani opinion by Terror Free Tomorrow showed … that relief and reconstruction assistance may prove to be important in creating support for the United States while at the same time undermining support for global terrorists . ”
Commentary by Ken Ballen in the pan-Arab Gulf News
“ It is time we heed what America 's military leaders are telling us about the war on terror .
Pentagon officials involved in writing the Joint Chiefs of Staff 's recently released counterterrorism strategy have acknowledged that " the American military 's efforts to aid [ 2004 ] tsunami victims in Indonesia and to assist victims of Pakistan 's [ 2005 ] earthquake did more to counter terrorist ideology than any attack mission " .
State Department Relies on Terror Free Tomorrow Work
The United States Department of State relied on Terror Free Tomorrow polling as an independent benchmark for evaluating the success of American foreign policy in 2005 .
In the State Department ’s FY 2005 Performance and Accountability Report , Terror Free Tomorrow polling served as the standard for measuring the effectiveness of certain US government policies around the world ( See e.g. “ Strategic Goal for Public Diplomacy — Performance Results ” ) .
Navy ’s Top Officer Cites Terror Free Tomorrow
Admiral Michael Mullen , Chief of Operations for the US Navy , wrote that he was “ struck by the results ” of Terror Free Tomorrow polling , which showed that “ as a direct result of American humanitarian assistance , ” there was “ a stunning turnaround of public opinion ” in the Muslim world .
Admiral Mullen concluded : “ That was , in my view , one of the defining moments of this new century . ”
" Shame on us , " Admiral Mullen wrote , " if , even through benign neglect , we allow those same opinions to turn against our best intentions again . ”
For Admiral Mullen ’s full article , click Admiral Michael Mullen , Chief of Operations for the US Navy , wrote that he was “ struck by the results ” of Terror Free Tomorrow polling , which showed that “ as a direct result of American humanitarian assistance , ” there was “ a stunning turnaround of public opinion ” in the Muslim world .
Admiral Mullen concluded : “ That was , in my view , one of the defining moments of this new century .
” " Shame on us , " Admiral Mullen wrote , " if , even through benign neglect , we allow those same opinions to turn against our best intentions again . ”
For Admiral Mullen ’s full article , click here
Former Presidents Bush and Clinton Praise Terror Free Tomorrow Poll at White House
At a White House press conference televised on CNN , MSNBC and FOX News , former President Bush discussed Terror Free Tomorrow's " great poll " showing a dramatic drop in anti-American extremism in Indonesia , and former President Clinton urged people to review the poll results on Terror Free Tomorrow 's website .
For their full remarks , click At a White House press conference televised on CNN , MSNBC and FOX News , former President Bush discussed Terror Free Tomorrow's " great poll " showing a dramatic drop in anti-American extremism in Indonesia , and former President Clinton urged people to review the poll results on Terror Free Tomorrow 's website .
For their full remarks , click here .
For details on this poll , click here Former President Clinton Cites the Importance of Terror Free Tomorrow Poll
President Clinton told a distinguished audience in Washington , DC that Terror Free Tomorrow 's groundbreaking poll was " one of the most important items " he could mention to a Washington audience .
In the keynote address to the Private Sector Summit on Post - Tsunami Reconstruction , President Clinton said that Terror Free Tomorrow ’s poll showed a “ total reaffirmation of our common humanity . ”
World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz agreed with President Clinton on the importance of Terror Free Tomorrow ’s poll .
Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick also cited Terror Free Tomorrow ’s poll in his remarks .
Lee Hamilton Calls for Implementation of Terror Free Tomorrow's Framework
Former 9/11 Commission Co Chair Lee Hamilton called for a consistent system of tracking and undermining the support base that empowers global terrorists .
In a Christian Science Monitor commentary , Mr. Hamilton cited Terror Free Tomorrow 's work , writing that : " Its implications are both broad and profound . "
For his full commentary , click Former 9/11 Commission Co Chair Lee Hamilton called for a consistent system of tracking and undermining the support base that empowers global terrorists .
In a Christian Science Monitor commentary , Mr. Hamilton cited Terror Free Tomorrow 's work , writing that : " Its implications are both broad and profound . "
For his full commentary , click here Testimony before the U. S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
In testimony before the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , Assistant U.S. AID Administrator James Kunder described Terror Free Tomorrow as an organization represented by “ many distinguished professionals . ”
Kunder cited Terror Free Tomorrow ’s work as the evidence behind the fact that : “ The compassion of ordinary Americans and the private sector , combined with prompt government action , has significantly changed the way Indonesians view the USA … .
This measurable progress on ‘ winning hearts and minds ’ and gaining allies in the Global War on Terrorism is a major blow to Al Qaeda and other terrorists . ”
Floor Statement before the U. S. Senate
In a statement on the floor of the U.S. Senate , Senator Joseph Biden , ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , extensively cited Terror Free Tomorrow ’s surveys to argue for increased aid to Pakistan “ to replicate our success in Indonesia ” which resulted in “ an incalculable amount of goodwill ” among the Muslims in the world ’s largest Islamic nation .
Washington Post Analysis Relies on Terror Free Tomorrow's Work
A Washington Post news analysis called the American tsunami relief effort “ the model for using a humanitarian disaster to leverage public opinion , ” citing Terror Free Tomorrow polling as the evidence .
The article said that the Indonesian experience could serve as the predicate for America ’s response to the October earthquake in Pakistan .
To read more , please click A Washington Post news analysis called the American tsunami relief effort “ the model for using a humanitarian disaster to leverage public opinion , ” citing Terror Free Tomorrow polling as the evidence .
The article said that the Indonesian experience could serve as the predicate for America ’s response to the October earthquake in Pakistan .
To read more , please click here Roll Call Editorial Based on Terror Free Tomorrow 's Findings
In an editorial in the influential Capitol Hill publication , Morton Kondracke , Executive Editor , cited Terror Free Tomorrow ’s polls of American public opinion , Indonesia , and Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Report on Pakistan and the influence of radical groups in earthquake relief .
According to Roll Call : “ Terror Free Tomorrow found that 71 percent of Americans believe they ’ve heard less about the Pakistan quake than about the tsunami .
When informed about the disaster , a majority favors more U.S. aid .
A widely publicized poll by TFT , whose advisory board includes Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) and former Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D - Ind. ) and Tom Foley ( D - Wash . ) , found that tsunami relief cut Indonesian popular opposition to the U.S. war on terror …
TFT ’s executive director , Ken Ballen , a former aide to Hamilton , told me : ' The United States is indeed helping Pakistan , but much more needs to be done , given the scale of the disaster and the strategic importance of the world ’s second - largest and only nuclear - armed Muslim nation … .
If we are serious about truly confronting what President Bush rightly called ‘ the murderous ideology ’ of radical Islamists , then we must also take the concrete steps required to weaken support for the radicals among the people themselves . ' ”
To read more , please click
In an editorial in the influential Capitol Hill publication , Morton Kondracke , Executive Editor , cited Terror Free Tomorrow ’s polls of American public opinion , Indonesia , and Terror Free Tomorrow ’s Report on Pakistan and the influence of radical groups in earthquake relief .
According to Roll Call : “ Terror Free Tomorrow found that 71 percent of Americans believe they ’ve heard less about the Pakistan quake than about the tsunami .
When informed about the disaster , a majority favors more U.S. aid .
A widely publicized poll by TFT , whose advisory board includes Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) and former Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D - Ind. ) and Tom Foley ( D - Wash . ) , found that tsunami relief cut Indonesian popular opposition to the U.S. war on terror …
TFT ’s executive director , Ken Ballen , a former aide to Hamilton , told me : ' The United States is indeed helping Pakistan , but much more needs to be done , given the scale of the disaster and the strategic importance of the world ’s second - largest and only nuclear - armed Muslim nation … .
If we are serious about truly confronting what President Bush rightly called ‘ the murderous ideology ’ of radical Islamists , then we must also take the concrete steps required to weaken support for the radicals among the people themselves . ' ”
To read more , please click here Ken Ballen Analyzes Pakistani Earthquake Relief in Canada 's Leading Newspaper
In an op -ed in the most important Canadian newspaper , The Globe and Mail , Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen and Advisory Board member Husain Haqqani analyze the critical strategic importance of immediate assistance to Pakistan , based on new empirical evidence uncovered by Terror Free Tomorrow .
Hussain Haqqani , adviser to several former Pakistani prime ministers , is director of Boston University 's Center for International Relations and Visiting Scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
For the full op - ed , click
In an op -ed in the most important Canadian newspaper , The Globe and Mail , Terror Free Tomorrow President Ken Ballen and Advisory Board member Husain Haqqani analyze the critical strategic importance of immediate assistance to Pakistan , based on new empirical evidence uncovered by Terror Free Tomorrow .
Hussain Haqqani , adviser to several former Pakistani prime ministers , is director of Boston University 's Center for International Relations and Visiting Scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
For the full op - ed , click here Ken Ballen Panelist at The Heritage Foundation
At the Heritage Foundation 's conference on Public Diplomacy , jointly sponsored with CSIS , Ken Ballen presented new research and ideas for improving American public diplomacy .
Other panelists included Alvin Felzenberg of the 9/11 Commission , Mark Helmke from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Lewis Manilow , former Chair of the Commission on Public Diplomacy , Robert Satloff , Executive Director , Washington Institute for Near East Policy , Hisham Melham , Bureau Chief , An - Nahar and Anthony Cordesman from CSIS .
To see a videotape of Mr. Ballen 's presentation , click
At the Heritage Foundation 's conference on Public Diplomacy , jointly sponsored with CSIS , Ken Ballen presented new research and ideas for improving American public diplomacy .
Other panelists included Alvin Felzenberg of the 9/11 Commission , Mark Helmke from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Lewis Manilow , former Chair of the Commission on Public Diplomacy , Robert Satloff , Executive Director , Washington Institute for Near East Policy , Hisham Melham , Bureau Chief , An - Nahar and Anthony Cordesman from CSIS .
To see a videotape of Mr. Ballen 's presentation , click here ( clip position 1:05:15 ) .
For the full written presentation of Ken ’s remarks , click here Former President Clinton Cites Terror Free Tomorrow Poll at The United Nations
At his first news conference as the top U.N. envoy for tsunami recovery , President Clinton once more relied on Terror Free Tomorrow 's poll as evidence .
For the full transcript of President Clinton 's remarks , click
President Clinton has also relied on Terror Free Tomorrow 's groundbreaking poll to make broader policy recommendations .
In his first speech after surgery , President Clinton cited the Terror Free Tomorrow poll , stating it underscored his message to the United States and other countries .
For the full story , click
President Bush Cites Terror Free Tomorrow's Poll of Indonesians
At his first news conference as the top U.N. envoy for tsunami recovery , President Clinton once more relied on Terror Free Tomorrow 's poll as evidence .
For the full transcript of President Clinton 's remarks , click here President Clinton has also relied on Terror Free Tomorrow 's groundbreaking poll to make broader policy recommendations .
In his first speech after surgery , President Clinton cited the Terror Free Tomorrow poll , stating it underscored his message to the United States and other countries .
For the full story , click here
At a White House press conference , President Bush cited the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians , saying that the U.S. response to the deadly tsunami has led to a dramatic change in the perception of Americans in many Muslim nations and suggesting that this new image could help in the fight against terrorism .
For the news article on this press conference , click At a White House press conference , President Bush cited the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians , saying that the U.S. response to the deadly tsunami has led to a dramatic change in the perception of Americans in many Muslim nations and suggesting that this new image could help in the fight against terrorism .
For the news article on this press conference , click here .
For details on this important poll , click here
House Subcommittee Briefed on Terror Free Tomorrow's Indonesian Poll
The House Committee on International Relations ' Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific was briefed about Terror Free Tomorrow 's Indonesian poll , by Ambassador Al La Porta , president of the U.S. - Indonesia Society .
For his testimony , click
Ken Ballen Discusses Broader Implications of Indonesian Poll in The Washington Times The House Committee on International Relations ' Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific was briefed about Terror Free Tomorrow 's Indonesian poll , by Ambassador Al La Porta , president of the U.S. - Indonesia Society .
For his testimony , click here
The Washington Times published an op -ed by Ken Ballen saying that the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians shows that U.S. actions are important , and public diplomacy , broadly defined , can pay an essential role in winning the war on terrorism .
For the full op - ed , click
Ken Ballen Featured Speaker at The Heritage Foundation
At the Heritage Foundation 's annual conference on Asia , President Ken Ballen presented the results of the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians , discussed the implications of the poll , and explained the support base strategic framework .
To see a videotape of Mr. Ballen 's presentation , click
Back to top
The Washington Times published an op -ed by Ken Ballen saying that the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians shows that U.S. actions are important , and public diplomacy , broadly defined , can pay an essential role in winning the war on terrorism .
For the full op - ed , click here
At the Heritage Foundation 's annual conference on Asia , President Ken Ballen presented the results of the Terror Free Tomorrow poll of Indonesians , discussed the implications of the poll , and explained the support base strategic framework .
To see a videotape of Mr. Ballen 's presentation , click here and then click on " View Event . "
The right hand of a man that was transplanted onto his left arm , after he lost both hands in a subway accident .
His right arm was so badly damaged that it could n't be used , so doctors placed his right hand on his left forearm .
They then removed his thumb and repositioned it on the other side of his hand , so that his old index finger is now his little finger .
The eight - hour operation , carried out at the 12 de Octubre hospital in Madrid , is only the fifth inverted hand transplant in the world
Credit : WENN
“ It was n’t really a real demonstration , ” said Sherry Kirschenbaum , a spokeswoman for the Jewish Theological Seminary , where five adults and one child protested for less than two hours on Saturday .
“ There were very few people and nobody really for them to engage with . ”
The group ’s leader , the Rev. Fred Phelps Sr. , who is also the father or grandfather of much of its membership , is known for his vitriolic anti-gay views .
He has picketed the funeral of Matthew Shepard , the gay man beaten and left to die in 1998 in Wyoming , as well as the funerals of soldiers , arguing that American combat deaths are God ’s punishment for the nation ’s tolerance of homosexuality .
Since April , Mr. Phelps has made Jews his primary target , protesting at Jewish institutions around the country , according to Marilyn Mayo , a director of the Center on Extremism of the Anti-Defamation League , which has tracked the group for many years .
One of those institutions was the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington , where a security guard was fatally shot this month ; a white supremacist has been charged in the murder .
“ The fact that this organization targeted New York City for a weekend where they could go synagogue to synagogue spewing anti-Semitism and also homophobia is just the height of ignorance and hatred , ” said the City Council speaker , Christine C. Quinn , who was one of more than 100 counterprotesters gathered Sunday morning at the Congregation Beth Simchat Torah , a gay synagogue in Greenwich Village .
Rebekah Phelps - Davis , 48 , said that her group had come to New York to take on the large Jewish population for its support of “ the homosexual agenda . ”
To that end , around noon on Sunday , she stood near the entrance to Central Park at 72nd Street , cordoned off by blue wooden police sawhorses .
The group was out of sight of its intended target — a celebration inside the park marking the centennial of Tel Aviv — but its members did their best to provoke those who happened by .
( “ We do not intend to convert the devil , ” she explained . )
So much has been written and said about the placebo effect that we thought we should put our SkepDoc on the trail of finding out what is fact and what is myth about placebos and their effects .
You will be surprised by some of Dr. Hall ’s findings .
Be sure to check out the relevant books and the Skeptic back issue that we‘ve highlighted in the article which are available at Shop Skeptic .
The Placebo Effect
by Harriet Hall , MD
Jane D. was a regular visitor to our ER , usually showing up late at night demanding an injection of the narcotic Demerol , the only thing that worked for her severe headaches .
One night the staff psychiatrist had the nurse give her an injection of saline instead .
It worked !
He told Jane she had responded to a placebo , discussed the implications , and thought he ’d helped her understand that her problem was psychological .
But as he was leaving the room , Jane asked , “ Can I get that new medicine again next time instead of the Demerol ?
It really worked great ! ”
What ’s going on here ?
What is the placebo effect and how does it work ?
The term “ placebo effect ” is unfortunate ; it leads to misunderstandings .
Placebos themselves do n’t have any effect .
They are inert : that ’s what placebo means .
The word placebo comes from the Latin for “ I please . ”
You can think of it as the opposite of “ I benefit . ”
What we really mean by “ the placebo effect ” is not some mysterious effect from giving an inert treatment , but the complex web of psychosocial effects surrounding medical treatment .
Those effects occur with effective treatments too , not just with inert treatments .
Mark Crislip , MD , thinks the placebo effect is a myth .
“ I think that the placebo effect with pain is a mild example of cognitive behavioral therapy ; the pain stays the same , it is the emotional response that is altered …
Ain’t no such thing as a placebo effect , only a change in perception . ”
1
He ’s correct in saying that the placebo effect does nothing to change the pain signals in the nerves .
But most people think the change in perception is the placebo effect and is worth pursuing .
There is a big difference between pain and suffering .
A woman ’s labor pains hurt , but with a joyful end in sight she may not suffer as much as a man who has milder pain sensations but is worried that his injured leg may need to be amputated .
Some people say that morphine does n’t relieve pain so much as make you not care about it .
The experience of pain and the meaning of pain for the patient matter as much as the strength of the pain stimulus .
If the placebo effect can do anything to divert the patient ’s attention or help him reframe the meaning of his pain , his altered perception can reduce his experience of suffering .
Beecher Says Placebos Are Powerful
In 1955 , Dr. Henry Beecher published a seminal paper entitled “ The Powerful Placebo ” in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
2
He reviewed studies that compared an active treatment to a placebo , and found that on average 35 % of patients improved with the placebo .
So any study that does n’t have a placebo group for comparison is likely to give a false positive result .
The placebo - controlled trial is now one of the cornerstones of medical science .
It ’s not enough to show that Miracle - mycin works ; we have to show that it works better than a dummy pill that looks like Miracle - mycin but only contains sugar .
Beecher ’s paper has been widely cited as evidence that 35 % of patients respond to placebos , but that ’s not really what it showed .
He was n’t measuring the placebo effect in isolation — he was actually measuring a combination of the placebo effect , the natural course of disease , and other factors .
The patients who apparently responded to placebo included patients who showed improvement for other reasons .
Reasons like spontaneous improvement , fluctuation of symptoms , regression to the mean , answers of politeness , experimental subordination , conditioned answers , misjudgment , etc .
Hrobjartsson Says Placebos Are Powerless
To tease out how much of that 35 % should be attributable to placebo , we need to know how many patients might have reported improvement without any treatment .
In 2001 two Danish researchers , Asbjorn Hrobjartsson and Peter Gotzsche , published a paper entitled “ Is the Placebo Powerless ? ” in the New England Journal of Medicine .
3
They reviewed studies that included a no - treatment group , and they compared the improvement with placebos to the improvement with no treatment .
They “ found little evidence in general that placebos had powerful clinical effects . ”
For studies with a binary outcome ( improved versus not improved ) there was no significant difference between the placebo and no treatment groups .
For studies with continuous outcomes , there was some apparent effect of placebo ; but not so for objective outcomes that could be measured by someone else , such as blood pressure , but only for subjective outcomes that depended on self - reports , such as pain .
They were n’t even sure about that , however , because the effect was greater in smaller trials , indicating possible bias .
But Placebos Do Work , Do n’t
They ?
It ’s hard to reconcile a study like this with what we know about placebos from experiences like the case of Jane D .
They do seem to work , and they seem to work very dramatically at times .
In a study of pain after dental surgery , patients were given either intravenous morphine or a saline placebo .
If they were told that the saline was a powerful new painkiller , they got just as much relief as the patients who received morphine .
In another study , all patients were given morphine for post - op pain , but only half were told they were getting it .
The patients who did n’t know they were getting it only experienced half as much pain relief .
In a study of acupuncture for post - op dental pain , there was no difference between the “ real ” acupuncture and placebo “ sham ” acupuncture groups , but when they asked patients which group they thought they were in , they discovered that those who believed they were in the “ real ” group reported significantly more pain relief than those who believed they were in the “ sham ” group — regardless of which group they were actually in !
We not only know placebos “ work , ” we know there is a hierarchy of effectiveness :
Placebo surgery works better than placebo injections
Placebo injections work better than placebo pills
Sham acupuncture treatment works better than a placebo pill
Capsules work better than tablets
Big pills work better than small
The more doses a day , the better
The more expensive , the better
The color of the pill makes a difference
Telling the patient , “ This will relieve your pain ” works better than saying “ This might help . ”
In one study patients were given the same aspirin in either a brand name bottle or an unlabelled bottle ; it worked better if it was labeled as a brand they recognized .
Our pharmacy used to stock two different brands of allergy pills that were made in the same factory and were identical except that one was green and the other was blue .
When a patient said it was n’t working any more , we ’d switch him to the other brand and it would start working again .
Along with placebo effects , there are nocebo ( “ I harm ” ) effects .
People getting inert treatments often report new symptoms .
A friend of mine stopped taking her homeopathic sleep remedy because she thought it was causing side effects .
( Homeopathy is the ultimate placebo because its remedies usually contain nothing but water . )
In the Women ’s Health Initiative study of postmenopausal hormone treatment , when the treatment was stopped , 63 % of the women taking hormones reported withdrawal symptoms , but so did 40 % of the women taking a placebo .
If we tell patients a treatment may cause nausea , they are far more likely to report nausea than if we do n’t mention that possibility .
The placebo effect is mainly subjective .
Placebos do n’t work on patients who are asleep or unconscious .
You have to know you ’re being treated .
Placebos do n’t keep women from getting pregnant .
They do n’t cure cancer , heal broken bones , or do anything you can measure objectively .
They work for more elusive complaints like headache , depression , itching , shortness of breath , tension , indigestion , and other symptoms that require us to accept the patient ’s self - report of what he is experiencing .
That does n’t imply that those symptoms are not real .
Some misguided doctors have tried to use placebo response as a test to diagnose whether a patient is really sick or not .
That test does n’t work , and even if it did it would be unethical .
Some researchers believe that placebos can have objective effects .
When doctors painted warts with an inert dye and told patients the wart would disappear when the color wore off , the warts disappeared .
Patients with newly implanted pacemakers improved even before the pacemakers were turned on .
Asthmatics ’ airways dilated when they were told they were getting a bronchodilator .
Colitis patients treated with placebo not only reported feeling better but actually had less inflammation of the intestines visible on sigmoidoscopy .
Patients with ulcers healed faster when given two placebo pills instead of one .
Harvard University medical researcher Herbert Benson believes that the placebo effect yields clinical improvement for 60 – 90 % of diseases , including angina , asthma , herpes simplex , and ulcers .
Studies that have not been replicated have suggested that the placebo effect can influence things like swelling , movement disorders , temperature , pulse , blood pressure , cholesterol , blood sugar , and exercise tolerance .
So far the evidence for objective placebo effects is weak .
Another hypothesis is that the placebo effect is only subjective , but that these subjective effects can indirectly lead to objectively measurable effects .
For example , if you are in pain and the placebo effect decreases your perception of that pain , you might expect your pulse and blood pressure to drop .
If you are asthmatic and are wheezing , any psychological factor that reduces your anxiety level or helps you relax might indirectly ease your breathing symptoms and even allow your constricted bronchi to dilate .
In this view , the placebo effect does n’t really cause objective effects , it allows you to have a different experience of your symptoms and it is that different experience that indirectly affects your physiology .
Semantic quibbling , perhaps .
Placebo surgery is another controversial subject .
Forty years ago , a young Seattle cardiologist named Leonard Cobb conducted a unique trial of a procedure then commonly used for angina , in which doctors made small incisions in the chest and tied knots in two arteries to try to increase blood flow to the heart .
It was a popular technique — 90 % of patients reported that it helped — but when Cobb compared it with placebo surgery in which he made incisions but did not tie off the arteries , the sham operations proved just as successful .
The procedure , known as internal mammary ligation , was soon abandoned .
4
In a more recent study , sham arthroscopic surgery was compared to real arthroscopic surgery for knee osteoarthritis .
The patients who had only a skin incision got just as good results .
One patient who was told he had the sham procedure still refers to it as the surgery that cured him .
Some people question whether studies like these really show that surgery has a placebo effect .
Maybe the surgery was unnecessary and patients would have improved anyway .
How Could It Work ?
If the placebo effect is real , what might the mechanism be ?
We ca n’t just write it off as delusions of hyper - suggestible patients .
There ’s evidence that several things might be going on .
The main hypotheses are : expectancy , motivation , conditioning , and endogenous opiates .
Expectancy is an established psychological phenomenon .
It even affects vision : we are more likely to see what we expect to see .
Wine tastes better if the price is higher .
Kids like fast food better if it comes in a McDonald ’s wrapper .
If we expect to feel pain we are more likely to feel pain .
If we are told to expect a strong painkiller , we ’re more likely to get pain relief .
Motivation , the need or desire to improve health or get relief , has been shown to contribute independently to the placebo response .
Patients who are strongly motivated to get well are more compliant and follow health advice more conscientiously .
And patients who are more compliant about taking their placebo pills regularly get a stronger placebo response .
Conditioning is what Pavlov did to his dogs .
People learn to associate pills and medical treatments with relief of symptoms .
The body even learns physiologic responses : dogs salivate when injected with morphine ; after they become conditioned , injecting a placebo makes them salivate , although not as much .
Endogenous opiates are pain - relieving chemicals produced in the brain that mimic the effects of opium - like drugs ( morphine , etc. ) .
There is some evidence that when patients respond to placebos , their brains produce more of these chemicals .
Imaging studies have shown activation of opioid receptors in the brain when people are told that a placebo is a painkiller .
And there is evidence that giving a drug that blocks the effect of narcotics can also block the placebo effect .
Dopamine levels increased in the brains of Parkinson ’s patients after taking a placebo ; and patients who said they felt better released higher levels of dopamine .
In another brain imaging study , researchers had patients play a game and estimate their chances of winning .
The same reward areas in the brain lit up in subjects who thought they would win as in patients who were most convinced that the placebo painkiller would work .
Another study of patients who preferred either Coca Cola or Pepsi found that brand information was processed in a different part of the brain than taste from blind taste tests .
We may be seeing clues about how the brain handles anticipation , expectation , optimism , previous experience , or who knows what .
There may be genetic differences or differences in dopamine receptor responsiveness .
Brain imaging is a blunt tool , and it ’s too soon to know what these studies mean , but it ’s a promising avenue of research .
Can Animals Respond to Placebos ?
Believers in homeopathy and acupuncture tell us that animals respond to those treatments and animals can’t respond to placebos , so that must mean those treatments are effective .
But the veterinary literature accepts the reality of placebo response in animals , and there are plausible explanations :
They can develop a learned physiologic response to a drug and then respond similarly when a placebo is substituted .
They respond to attention and care from humans .
Human owners can experience the placebo effect for their pets by perceiving a response where there really is none .
Since animals can’t talk , we have to interpret an animal ’s behavior as indicating relief of pain ; this may not always be accurate .
What About Ethics ?
Some people do n’t even want to know whether a treatment is a placebo or not .
If they feel better , that ’s all that matters to them .
In Snake Oil Science : The Truth About Complementary and Alternative Medicine , R. Barker Bausell argues that the primary benefit of alternative therapies is a placebo effect , often enhanced by ritual and impressive pseudoscientific jargon .
If we can give patients a placebo and relieve their pain , what ’s wrong with that ?
If a little white lie benefits the patient , why not lie ?
The answer is that it ’s unethical for doctors to lie to patients or prescribe ineffective treatments , and because deception undermines the doctor - patient relationship in the long run .
Also , as Bob Carroll of The Skeptic ’s Dictionary points out , “ the placebo can be an open door to quackery . ”
5
In a recent study in Denmark , 48 % of doctors reported prescribing a placebo at least 10 times in the last year , including antibiotics for viral infections and vitamins for fatigue .
Specialists and hospital - based physicians were less likely to prescribe them .
A 2004 study of physicians in Israel found that 60 % reported using placebos for reasons like “ fending off ” requests for unjustified medications or calming a patient .
What if doctors were honest ?
If they told patients a treatment was a placebo , would that destroy the placebo effect ?
Maybe not .
After clinical trials , patients who were told they ’d been taking the placebo have asked if they could keep taking it .
In one study patients were told one pill was inert and would only serve as a “ dose extender ” ( i.e. , a placebo that would allow a lower dose of the effective pill ) ; patients accepted it and were able to lower their dose .
What if a doctor tells a patient a treatment is not supported by any scientific evidence but some people believe it has helped them ?
Placebos raise ethical dilemmas on which doctors do not agree .
In a recent court case , the proponents of a particular form of quackery known as Q - rays admitted their device was bogus , but argued that since the placebo effect was effective they were justified in selling it .
The court disagreed .
Is there any ethical way doctors can use the placebo effect to help their patients ?
Yes , of course .
They already do .
The placebo effect is an integral part of every doctor - patient interaction .
Good doctors have always gained their patients ’ trust and given them hope and reassurance .
What ’s effective is not the placebo , but the meaning of the treatment .
We enter into a human relationship with a caring person who offers to help us .
We may be given a token of that caring in the form of a prescription .
We may have a conditioned response to expect improvement because we have been helped in the past .
We get a story , a narrative that explains why we feel sick and what we can do to get better .
We get hope , support , human warmth , touch .
All these factors might lead to an actual physiological response in which our pulse rate drops , we relax , our stress hormones decrease , and other changes facilitate healing , or at least comfort .
One study supposedly showed that patients recovered faster if their window looked out on trees rather than a brick wall ; even if they did n’t recover faster , was n’t it nice to give them a view ?
Even if we ca n’t document a quantifiable effect on patient outcome , the quality of life is important .
Effective treatments have placebo effects too .
A substantial percentage of the effects from antidepressants may be placebo effects .
Morphine works even better if your doctor tells you it ’s strong .
We ca n’t isolate placebo effect from conventional medicine — it gets us thinking the wrong way .
As the neurologist Robert Burton says , “ Even given our advanced state of medical knowledge , much of routine medical care — from treating backaches to the common cold — relies primarily upon reassurance and hope , not disease - specific treatments … we need to reconsider how to facilitate the placebo effect with minimal risk and cost , and without deception . ”
6
References
Keith Curtis worked at Microsoft for 11 years , coding on Windows , Office , and at Microsoft ’s research department , before leaving the Redmond giant .
Call it a revelation , call it giving in to the devil ’s temptations , but he ’s now a complete open source and Linux advocate , and in his new book , “ After the Software Wars ” , he explains why open source will prevail against Microsoft ’s proprietary model .
Curtis never actually used Linux until 2004 , when he left Microsoft .
Over the years , he turned into a Linux advocate , and now claims that thanks to the proprietary software model , we are living in “ the dark ages of computing . ”
This is what is scientifically known as doing a complete 180 ( no , not a 360 ) .
In an interview with CIO , he explains why the open source model will ultimately lead to Microsoft ’s demise .
First , he argues that the open source model leads to better code .
He points to Firefox and the Linux kernel as examples of open source delivering greater quality than the proprietary model .
Secondly , he also states that open source undermines Microsoft ’s profit margins .
He further argues that while open source may not have made tremendous gains just yet in the desktop market , it is doing very well in other segments of the computing market .
“ Google has hundreds of thousands of machines running Linux , ” he explains , “ Free software is well on its way to conquering the small and the large , and the remaining challenge is the desktop in the middle . ”
It would be hard for Microsoft to adapt to the open source model .
Sure , Microsoft could open source its products , but who would care ?
For instance , if they were to open source Internet Explorer , no one would care because Webkit and Gecko already exist .
“ If Microsoft , 20 years ago , built Windows in an open way , Linux would n’t exist , and millions of programmers would be improving it rather than competing with it , ” he says , “ However , I think it is too late for that now . ”
So , does he believe that there are other ways for Microsoft to compete with open source ?
“ Other than adopting Linux , there is little Microsoft can do , ” he starts , “ Even if they did embrace it , not only would it hurt their profit margins , they ’d be forced to explain to customers why they should continue to pay for Office if the company believes the free OpenOffice is good enough . ”
It sure is an interesting view on the debate , especially coming from someone who worked at Microsoft for so long .
Personally , I do n’t think of open source destroying proprietary – I see open source and proprietary competing with one another , so that we , consumers , end up with better products .
Open source made Microsoft improve both its server and desktop offerings on the operating system front , and even when it comes to Office , Microsoft has made tremendous steps forward that would n’t have been made without open source breathing down their necks .
At the same time , the continuous comparisons drawn up between proprietary products and their open source counterparts also serve as a carrot for open source developers to work even harder to improve their code and products .
It ’s a win - win situation for us consumers , people .
And now I want to wash my mouth with soap for saying “ win-win situation ” .
Three days after President Obama ’s address to the Arab and Muslim world , voters in Lebanon went to the polls to elect a new parliament .
According to the Times , “ most analysts ” had confidently predicted victory for the electoral coalition led by Hezbollah — the Party of God , which is aligned with Syria and Iran , and has been responsible for most of the violence on Israel ’s northern border .
Most analysts , it turns out , were wrong .
The moderate coalition , routinely described as pro-American and pro-Western , took seventy - one seats to just fifty - seven for Hezbollah and its allies .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
The politics of Lebanon , a scalding soup of ethnic groupings , some of them armed and dangerous , make Chicago ’s look like Montpelier ’s .
The words of an American President , even one from Chicago , were not necessarily foremost in the minds of the Shiites , Sunnis , Druze , and Christians of many theological varieties and political persuasions who lined up to cast their ballots and dip their thumbs in ink .
But most analysts ( they ’re indefatigable ) agreed that Obama ’s speech , and the carefully constructed edifice of public diplomacy of which it was the keystone , was a factor in the outcome .
Meanwhile , as this was being written , a joyfully energized electorate was awaiting the results of a vigorously contested election for President of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
No matter who wins — the jingoist - populist - obscurantist incumbent , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , or his comparatively moderate main opponent , Mir-Hossein Mousavi— ultimate power will continue to rest with the “ supreme leader , ” Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and his council of unaccountable theocrats , who kept liberal challengers off the ballot .
But Iran is not a completely closed society .
Change is in the Tehran air , and the American President ’s openness is part of it .
In Cairo , Obama spoke for a little more than fifty minutes , the length of a university lecture or a psychoanalytic session .
His speech had elements of both , and he offered his audience not only ordered information , argument , and context but also the catharsis of saying aloud things long unsaid .
He wished , he said , to speak clearly and plainly , and that is what he did .
When he lamented that the fear and the anger provoked by the “ enormous trauma ” of 9/11 had “ led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals , ” he called our most shameful act by its name , torture .
When he reviewed the dismal history of our relations with Iran , he said , “ In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government ” — an apparently unprecedented Presidential acknowledgment .
He called Israel ’s presence in the West Bank and Gaza an occupation , and he called the situation intolerable .
He called Palestine Palestine .
These are things that Muslim audiences are unused to hearing from an American President .
By the same token , he called anti-Semitism vile ; he called denial of the Holocaust ignorant and hateful ; from the heart of the Arab world , he called for democracy and women ’s rights ; from an Egyptian lectern , he called for tolerance of Coptic Christians .
These are things that , too often , Muslim audiences are unused to hearing at all .
“ It ’s some new thing called an intervention . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The Cairo address had the qualities we have come to expect from Obama ’s best speeches : empathy , frankness , respect for his listeners ’ intelligence .
This time , he had an inherited advantage .
Many of the words and phrases he used would have sounded strained and pandering coming from any other Western leader , ever .
But Barack Hussein Obama ’s personal history drained the condescension from his recitation of the contributions of Islam to world civilization and of Muslims to American life .
He sprinkled markers of respect : Islam was “ revealed ” ; a mention of Moses , Jesus , and Muhammad was followed , as in Islamic custom , by “ peace be upon them ” ; the Koran was “ the Holy Koran , ” as holy as the Holy Bible .
There were moments of excess and errors of omission .
A boast that “ the United States government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab , and to punish those who would deny it ” was a clause too far : the secular French Republic has its sacred traditions , too , and one of them forbids the display of religious accessories in state schools .
A mention of the eight hundred thousand Jewish refugees from Arab lands might have been in order .
And the Jews ’ tie to the land , if not to the state , of Israel goes back further than the Holocaust .
But Obama was seeking to create a new mood , which is a prerequisite to progress .
He did not speak of “ terrorism ” or “ the peace process . ”
Instead , he said this to one side :
Palestinians must abandon violence .
Resistance through violence and killing is wrong and it does not succeed .
For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation .
But it was not violence that won full and equal rights .
. . .
It is a sign neither of courage nor power to shoot rockets at sleeping children or to blow up old women on a bus .
And this to the other :
The United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements .
This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace .
It is time for these settlements to stop .
For admonishing Palestinians with the experience of African - Americans , Obama got no thanks from American neoconservatives , who deployed a favorite trope , “ moral equivalence , ” to attack the comparison .
But , if it is an exaggeration to equate Palestinian suffering with the sufferings of American blacks under the two and a half centuries of chattel slavery ( which was not abolished without violence ) , comparing it with the century of segregation and disenfranchisement that followed is both useful and fair .
It has long been the official American view that Israel ’s settlements on the West Bank should , at a minimum , stop expanding .
Under George W. Bush , “ settlement activity ” was criticized , if that ’s the word , as “ not helpful , ” a formula perfectly consistent with “ not harmful . ”
But Obama appears to be serious .
Settlement growth — which has been the dynamic status quo under Israeli governments of all stripes , and which the present right - wing ruling coalition appears wedded to — is indeed harmful .
It is harmful to any prospect of peace , harmful to the economies of both sides , harmful to Israel ’s Jewish and democratic character , and helpful only to the fanatics on both sides who hold the majority hostage .
“ It is time for us to act on what everyone knows to be true , ” Obama said in Cairo .
And what everyone knows to be true , admittedly or not , is that the only solution offering a modicum of peace and justice for the peoples of Israel and Palestine is a state for each ; that neither is capable of finding its way to that solution on its own ; and that only American firmness and perseverance can save them both .
The path ahead is littered with hazards , not least a fratricidal Palestinian leadership , divided between weakness and intransigence , and an Israeli government practiced in the ways of Washington and dominated by politicians hostile to the very idea of Palestinian statehood .
The President ’s words in Cairo were inspiring and indispensable .
Whether , years from now , they will be remembered with pride or with pity , with admiration or with mockery , is something that no one , not even most analysts , can say . ♦
Death is n't what it used to be for animated TV shows .
Comedy Central has struck a deal with Twentieth Century Fox Television to air 26 new episodes of " Futurama , " the animated comedy from " Simpsons " creator Matt Groening that was canceled by the Fox network in 2003 after a four - season run .
The first new half - hour episode of the comedy about a 20th century pizza delivery boy who wakes up in the 30th century will air in mid-2010 .
Its rebirth mirrors that of fellow Twentieth animated series " Family Guy , " which was canceled by Fox in 2002 and then revived by the network in 2005 after proving a major hit on DVD and in cable .
" Futurama " has enjoyed similar success , initially on reruns on Carton Network 's Adult Swim from 2003 until the end of 2007 , then on Comedy Central starting last year .
In addition , Twentieth Century Fox produced four straight - to - DVD " Futurama " movies last year , three of which have aired on the cable network .
[ Updated at 4:48 p.m. Sept. 11 : An earlier version of this post said all four of the stratight - to - DVD movies had aired on Comedy Central .
The fourth did not air until Aug. 30 . ]
Comedy Central may not be the only home for the second life of " Futurama . "
Twentieth 's deal with the cable network gives it the rights to sell the newly produced episodes to a broadcast network as well -- given the series ' history and the networks ' corporate ties to the studio , Fox would be the most likely candidate .
Revivals of canceled series are extremely rare and , as evidenced by the fate of " Jericho " on CBS last year , usually do n't result in better ratings .
But for animated comedies with a devoted core of young male viewers who devour reruns on cable and online , death is turning out to be a temporary state of affairs .
Because they do n't take much time from the actors who do voice - over work , it 's also much easier to bring back cast members who might have moved on to other projects .
-- Ben Fritz
Photo : " Futurama " movie " Bender 's Big Score . "
Credit : Twentieth Century Fox Television
Surprisingly Dr Sanjay Gupta on Anderson Cooper ’s CNN show Anderson Cooper 360 comes out saying that marijuana is great alternative medicine for a variety of ailments .
Continue Reading
Perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away .
- Antoine de Saint - Exupéry
The letter I have written today is longer than usual because I lacked the time to make it shorter .
- Blaise Pascal
The purpose of art , be it a painting , a work of prose , or a musical composition , is to convey an idea or emotion , and a recurring theme throughout history is minimalism - to convey that idea as simply as possible , without distracting the viewer with irrelevant details .
Achieving this minimalism , however , is rarely as easy as it seems , and as the above authors suggest more often than not begins with something more complicated which must be trimmed down .
To many , the abstract works of artists such as Pablo Picasso look like something a child would draw .
However , in Picasso's series of lithographs ' Bull ' , he shows very clearly the steps he takes , beginning with a very realistic drawing of a bull , and gradually abstracting it .
In each of the eleven plates , he takes away more and more , until only the essence of the bull remains in a few simple lines .
If I had seen just the final plate by itself I would have thought nothing of it , but seeing the progression I could truly appreciate the work that went into reducing the bull to its essence .
Mathematicians also have a notion of simplicity in the axioms that they use to prove their theorems .
Since an axiom by definition is taken for granted , it is desirable to minimize the number of axioms , using these axioms in turn to build up and prove other theorems .
For example , there are many sets of axioms which can be used to prove common - sense notions of geometry , but it was Euclid who found that only five were needed from which everything else could be proved .
All five are necessary - take one away and you have Non-Euclidean geometry .
It is not so immediately obvious how to draw these parallels to computer programming .
The equivalent to the axiom would be our definition of computation , such as a Turing machine or the Lambda calculus , but few people write complex programs on Turing tape !
A more accurate analogy would be to compare a program to a mathematical proof , both of which are in a sense a form of structured prose .
Within proofs as well , mathematicians have a strong sense of elegance , and they sometimes refer to the Book Proof of a theorem as the most elegant possible proof for the theorem , which God himself keeps in a hypothetical book of all proofs .
When you want to extend this concept to programming and the hypothetical Book Code , it 's important to remember that the axioms still matter , and just making the code as small as possible by using the language with the most features is not the answer .
The Book Proof takes into account also all the prerequisite knowledge that goes into understanding the proof .
It is often the case that a theorem can be proven trivially using more advanced math , but the proof that is the most elegant is the one which achieves the same results with simpler concepts .
For example , although the earlier proof of Bertrand 's postulate by Srinivasa Ramanujan is in fact shorter when written out than the later proof by Paul Erdős , it is the latter which , using simpler ideas and a smaller sum total of knowledge , can be found in The Book .
In terms of programming languages , these ideals are best expressed by the introduction to the R5RS :
Programming languages should be designed not by piling feature on top of feature , but by removing the weaknesses and restrictions that make additional features appear necessary .
With this philosophy , the authors of Scheme realized that they did n't need any looping syntax if they simply made the requirement that implementations perform tail - call optimization .
With this guarantee , anyone could write a macro to define their own looping construct and it would run just as fast as a native syntax .
Similarly , instead of threads or exceptions , Scheme provides first - class continuations on which they can be built .
The R5RS is a complete language specification written in an approachable manner and with sample code and reference implementations of all derived syntax in only 50 pages .
It has its warts , but stands as a beautiful example of a minimalist language .
The successor standard R6RS has , alas , strayed from its minimalist Scheme origins .
However , it has occurred to me that Schemers are too prone to infighting and too negative , and rather than attack what I dislike about R6RS , I 've decided to celebrate what I like about R5RS .
So today I released version 0.2 of Chibi - Scheme , my own attempt at a minimalist Scheme .
And through the process of working on Chibi , I 've learned first - hand how true Saint - Exupéry 's words are - every change begins with adding new code until I get the result I want , and then gradually refactoring and peeling away the code until only the essentials remain .
The new release includes a custom garbage collector , which during development grew to around 1000 lines , and now sits at just over 200 lines of code .
Chibi's size does not reflect any defects , nor was it inherently small from the start - it was the result of a continuous process of refinements .
To give some idea of how small Chibi is in comparison to other languages , I 've thrown together a table contrasting various language implementations .
Whereas most benchmarks compare how little time is used ( speed ) or how little memory is used , or in some cases how few lines of code a program can be written in , here I 'm interested in how small the language implementation itself is .
Program Type C LOC Self LOC Exec Lib
TinyScheme interp 4486 452 57 K 69 K
Chibi-Scheme VM 4578 609 57 K 87 K
Lua VM 12706 0 142K 225K
gforth VM 8501 35758 91 K 191K
Scheme 48 VM 12912 76648 179 K 2.7M
Chicken native 8216 49762 1.3 M 3.3M
Guile interp 72393 19851 13 K 825K
Perl VM 182268 281184 1.3M 0
Python VM 271109 296215 12 K 1.7M
GHC native 60271 196205
GCC native 2320134 -
Java VM 912126 2630009
This chart should be taken with an extra grain of salt , in addition to the grain of salt usually taken with benchmarks .
I used the SLOCCount program to count the number of source lines , which is a debatable comparison but at least better than wc .
There 's also a lot of room for difference in counting the core of the language vs. batteries included features , but seeing as how the languages I want to compare differ by orders of magnitude in size , we can afford to be approximate .
The C LOC refers to the number of lines of code written in C , and the Self LOC refers to lines written in the language itself .
Exec is the size of the compiled language executable , and Lib the size of the standard shared library ( or image for Forth and Scheme48 ) .
All of the languages are general - purpose programming languages , suitable for a wide variety of applications , though there is a mix of pure interpreters , virtual machines , and native machine - code compilers as indicated .
There are several Scheme implementations included , specifically those implementations which have small size and simplicity ( even by Scheme standards ) as a primary goal .
The first three languages , TinyScheme , Chibi - Scheme and Lua are all intended to be used as extension languages in larger programs .
For these first three only , the size of the executable is as a stand - alone , not linked against the library .
Tiny and Chibi are further compiled with - Oz [ 1 ] and stripped , to get an idea of the overhead of embedding them directly into an application .
At thousands of lines of source , and 10 K 's of text size , these are truly small .
If you want to add scriptability to your application , you certainly can't reject either of these on the argument of size .
TinyScheme is extremely slow , however , even by scripting language standards , and it does n't implement all of R5RS .
Chibi -Scheme addresses these issues , but is still very young , and will likely be changing a lot in the near future .
Lua is a lightweight language , influenced in part by Scheme , but arguably less flexible as it lacks either macros or first - class continuations .
The Lua implementation weighs in at 2 - 3 times larger than Tiny and Chibi , but is still quite small compared to most software you might want to embed it in , and Lua has a sizable community and considerable success in video game scripting .
[ 1 ] the darwin equivalent of - Os
GNU Forth and Scheme48 both use images for their custom VMs rather than shared libraries .
They are written primarily in themselves , with some minimal runtime written in C. Chicken compiles Scheme to C code , giving it much better performance than any of the VMs on this list , but is still quite a small implementation , with an even smaller C runtime than GNU Forth or Scheme48 .
Guile is a good bit larger than any of these , but still fits into the tens of thousands of lines category .
At hundreds of thousands of lines we get the scripting languages , Perl and Python .
They both include a fair number of standard modules by default .
The last three languages are the native - code compilers , which is a sort of apples - to - oranges comparison but I wanted to get another order of magnitude into the mix .
Since they compile applications separately and do n't carry their own weight around with them , I 'm leaving the executable and library size blank - for these , the size of the executables they generate would be a more meaningful comparison .
Haskell is included as a more modern , less crufty comparison .
In code size it's in the same ballpark as the scripting languages , but its speed is closer to C and Java .
GCC and the Java OpenJDK are the first languages to reach millions of lines of code .
It 's quite possible to make a smaller C compiler - the Tiny C Compiler , while incomplete in some ways , is only around 45 kloc , while the Plan 9 C compiler is also in the tens of thousands of lines and gets production use .
From JoAnn Castiglione To Dick Eastman Looks like Raytheon was in : http://www.bushstole04.com/911/911_guidance.htm
Automated Precision Satellite Guidance Of 9/11 Type Aircraft Largely Possible Just Before Attacks - United Airlines Boeing Aircraft , Along With UPS And NASA 757s And 767s Utilized During Pre-9/11 GPS Tests - Raytheon / FAA Controlled GPS Satellite Navigation Array Activated 13 Months Before 9/11 Attacks - October , 2001 Pilot Override System Envisioned Use Of Satellite Auto - Navigation Concept And Communications Termination
Because information collected after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 has raised questions about the alleged ability and motivation of the people accused of piloting Boeing 757 and 767 planes into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , speculation has since lingered regarding the covert use of technology to precisely self - navigate all 4 airliners into targets that day .
Government and aviation industry publications shed light on the development and implementation of pre-9/11 state - of - the - art systems capable of facilitating precise automated navigation of the Boeing 757 and 767 aircraft used during the 9/11 attacks , to a given destination .
" WAAS ( Wide Area Augmentation System ) is an extremely accurate navigation system developed for civil aviation .
Before WAAS , the U.S. National Airspace System ( NAS ) did not have the potential to provide horizontal and vertical navigation for approach operations for all users at all locations .
With WAAS , this capability is a reality ...
WAAS provides service for all classes of aircraft in all phases of flight - including en route navigation " http://www.faa.gov/about/office_org/headquarters_offices/ato/service_uni...
Just 13 months before the September 11 terrorist attacks , the WAAS GPS satellite array was activated by the FAA and operated by " Raytheon " on a preliminary basis .
AMENDED VERSION : Wide Area Augmentation System Signal Now Available August 24 , 2000 " WASHINGTON , DC - After a successful 21 - day stability test of the Wide Area Augmentation System ( WAAS ) signal in space , the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) declared that it is now available for some aviation and all non-aviation uses ...
The system demonstrated one to two meters horizontal accuracy and two to three meters vertical accuracy throughout the contiguous United States ...
Raytheon will operate the system for the FAA on a continuous basis " http://www.faa.gov/news/press_releases/news_story.cfm?newsId=5249
One member having served on Raytheon 's Special Advisory Board is " Project for the New American Century " signatory Richard Armitage .
http://usinfo.state.gov/journals/itps/0900/ijpe/pj52bios.htm
Only 3 weeks after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , a patent was applied for regarding a system that would override pilot control from an autopilot equipped aircraft and redirect such an aircraft to a predetermined destination via pre-programmed autopilot settings .
This patent cites the Differential Global Position Satellite research and development conducted by Honeywell and NASA during the mid-1990s .
" " A method for ... deactivating on - board control of the autopilot system ; directing the autopilot system to fly the aircraft to a landing . "
" One optional feature of the invention disables the aircraft 's communications equipment . "
http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser
Sect2=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&p=1&u=...
Honeywell 's Differential GPS Satellite Landing System July / August , 1995 " The Honeywell team participated in Boeing 's Category III - b flight test evaluation program in July and August of 1995 .
NASA supplied the 757 aircraft and flight test facility .
Boeing supplied the pilots , ground crew , maintenance , flight test personnel and performed the aircraft modifications for the flight tests .
The flight tests were accomplished at NASA 's Wallops Island , Virginia , flight test facility .
A total of 75 Category III - b automatic landings were accomplished during this phase of flight testing .
The autopilot used the DGPS to guide the aircraft to a landing and ... performance data of these flight tests showed that the Honeywell DGPS landing system achieved the predicted system accuracy of one to two meters . "
http://www.bluecoat.org/reports/Lewison_96_DGPS.pdf
Getting To The Point In Pinpoint Landing October , 1994 " A high - performance navigation system used primarily for automatic aircraft touchdowns promises centimeter - level landing accuracy .
During a four - day period in October 1994 , the idea was put to the test on Runway 35 at NASA 's Crows Landing Flight Facility in California .
Using signals from orbiting GPS satellites and the ground - generated pseudolite signals , 110 autopilot - in - the - loop landings of a United Airlines Boeing 737 were completed . "
http://www.sti.nasa.gov/tto/spinoff1998/t2.htm
FAA / Ohio University Avionics Engineering Center Partnership December , 1998 " Ohio University 's Avionics Engineering Center recently developed and successfully flight - tested technology that increases the availability and accuracy of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) ...
This technological breakthrough is the result of a 5 - year aviation research grant provided by the FAA to the Avionics Center to design , implement , and test an advanced prototype GPS - based approach , landing , and surface movement guidance system ... Pilots from United Parcel Service ( UPS ) flight tested the new architecture in October 1994 , using a UPS Boeing 757 , completing a total of 50 automated landings .
During those tests , researchers integrated Differential Global Positioning System into the Boeing 757 autoland system . "
http://www.tc.faa.gov/logistics/grants/success/OU.pdf
FAA , ATA , UPS Test New Satellite Technology August 13 , 1999 " In the Atlantic City tests , a " UPS Boeing 767 flown by company pilots will perform 40 approaches down to as low as 25 feet above the runway .
The pilots will fly some approaches manually ; others will be coupled to the aircraft 's autopilot .
The LAAS and GPS signals will be processed by equipment specially installed aboard the 767 for these tests .
LAAS can tell pilots where their aircraft is to an accuracy of less than one meter , and the system can be used in all visibility conditions .
It complements the Wide Area Augmentation System ( WAAS ) that the FAA is now developing and acquiring . "
http://www.faa.gov/news/press_releases/news_story.cfm?newsId=5052
On September 7 , 1998 , it was announced that American Airlines and United Airlines selected Honeywell 's new GPS capable " Pegasus " Flight Management System ( FMS ) for use in their Boeing 757 and 767 aircraft .
http://www.aviationnow.com/shownews/farnday1/pressr15.htm
http://www.honeywell.com/sites/aero/Flight_Management_Systems3 _ C1997B88E ...
" A flight management system or FMS is a computerized avionics component found on most commercial and business aircraft to assist pilots in navigation , flight planning , and aircraft control functions .
It is considered to be composed of three major components : FMC ( Flight Management Computer ) , AFS ( Auto Flight System ) , and Navigation System including IRS ( Inertial Reference System ) and GPS . "
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flight_management_system
NORAD Had Drills of Jets as Weapons April 18 , 2004 " In the two years before the Sept. 11 attacks , the North American Aerospace Defense Command conducted exercises simulating ... hijacked airliners used as weapons ... NORAD , in a written statement , confirmed ...
" Numerous types of civilian and military aircraft were used as mock hijacked aircraft " " .
http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2004-04-18-norad_x.htm
The economy is a shambles , unemployment is soaring , the auto industry is collapsing .
But profits are higher than ever at oil companies Chevron and Shell .
Yet across the globe , from the Ecuadorian jungle , to the Niger Delta in Nigeria , to the courtrooms and streets of New York and San Ramon , Calif. , people are fighting back against the world ’s oil giants .
Shell and Chevron are in the spotlight this week , with shareholder meetings and a historic trial being held .
On May 13 , the Nigerian military launched an assault on villages in that nation ’s oil - rich Niger Delta .
Hundreds of civilians are feared killed in the attack .
According to Amnesty International , a celebration in the delta village of Oporoza was attacked .
An eyewitness told the organization : “ I heard the sound of aircraft ; I saw two military helicopters , shooting at the houses , at the palace , shooting at us .
We had to run for safety into the forest .
In the bush , I heard adults crying , so many mothers could not find their children ; everybody ran for their life . ”
Shell is facing a lawsuit in U.S. federal court , Wiwa v. Shell , based on Shell ’s alleged collaboration with the Nigerian dictatorship in the 1990s in the violent suppression of the grass - roots movement of the Ogoni people of the Niger Delta .
Shell exploits the oil riches there , causing displacement , pollution and deforestation .
The suit also alleges that Shell helped suppress the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People and its charismatic leader , Ken Saro - Wiwa .
Saro - Wiwa had been the writer of the most famous soap opera in Nigeria , but decided to throw his lot in with the Ogoni , whose land near the Niger Delta was crisscrossed with pipelines .
The children of Ogoniland did not know a dark night , living beneath the flame — apartment - building - size gas flares that burned day and night , and that are illegal in the U.S .
I interviewed Saro - Wiwa in 1994 .
He told me : “ The oil companies like military dictatorships , because basically they can cheat with these dictatorships .
The dictatorships are brutal to people , and they can deny the human rights of individuals and of communities quite easily , without compunction . ”
He added , “ I am a marked man . ” Saro - Wiwa returned to Nigeria and was arrested by the military junta .
On Nov. 10 , 1995 , after a kangaroo show trial , Saro - Wiwa was hanged with eight other Ogoni activists .
In 1998 , I traveled to the Niger Delta with journalist Jeremy Scahill .
A Chevron executive there told us that Chevron flew troops from Nigeria ’s notorious mobile police , the “ kill ‘ n ’ go , ” in a Chevron company helicopter to an oil barge that had been occupied by nonviolent protesters .
Two protesters were killed , and many more were arrested and tortured .
Oronto Douglas , one of Saro - Wiwa ’s lawyers , told us : “ It is very clear that Chevron , just like Shell , uses the military to protect its oil activities .
They drill and they kill . ”
Chevron is the second - largest stakeholder ( after French oil company Total ) of the Yadana natural gas field and pipeline project , based in Burma ( which the military junta renamed Myanmar ) .
The pipeline provides the single largest source of income to the military junta , amounting to close to $ 1 billion in 2007 .
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , popularly elected the leader of Burma in 1990 , has been under house arrest for 14 of the past 20 years , and is standing trial again this week .
[ On Tuesday the government said it had ended the house arrest of Suu Kyi , but she remains in detention pending the outcome of the trial . ]
The U.S. government has barred U.S. companies from investing in Burma since 1997 , but Chevron has a waiver , inherited when it acquired the oil company Unocal .
Chevron ’s litany of similar abuses , from the Philippines to Kazakhstan , Chad- Cameroon , Iraq , Ecuador and Angola and across the U.S. and Canada , is detailed in an “ alternative annual report ” prepared by a consortium of nongovernmental organizations and is being distributed to Chevron shareholders at this week ’s annual meeting , and to the public at TrueCostofChevron.com .
Chevron is being investigated by New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo about whether the company was “ accurate and complete ” in describing potential legal liabilities .
It enjoys , though , a long tradition of hiring politically powerful people .
Condoleezza Rice was a longtime director of the company ( there was even a supertanker named after her ) , and the recently hired general counsel is none other than disgraced Pentagon lawyer William J. Haynes , who advocated for “ harsh interrogation techniques , ” including waterboarding .
Gen. James L. Jones , President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , sat on the Chevron board of directors for most of 2008 , until he received his high - level White House appointment .
Saro - Wiwa said before he died , “ We are going to demand our rights peacefully , nonviolently , and we shall win . ”
A global grass - roots movement is growing to do just that .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 750 stations in North America .
She is the co-author of “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” recently released in paperback .
© 2009 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
Yes .
That 's the astonishing conclusion of a paper presented at the Brookings Institution that I 'm still having trouble wrapping my mind around .
The author , economist James Hamilton , can hardly believe the conclusions of his economic model , himself ( I 've got company ) , but the findings are remarkable , nonetheless .
Hamilton went back to 2003 , when crude oil was around $ 30 a gallon and forecast what an oil shock like the one we experienced in 2007 - 08 ( when oil peaked around $ 140 ) would do to GDP .
He graphed the result through the end of 2008 and , lo and behold , it was damn close to actual GDP .
As though there were no such thing as a collaterized debt obgligation in the first place !
Here 's the graph ( the orange dotted line is Hamilton 's projection given oil prices ; the black line is actual GDP ) :
Perhaps you 'll join me in thinking : Huh ?
Are we really to believe that this whole thing was caused by oil shocks ?
I mean , it certainly makes you appreciate the mess Detroit is in , but really .
How anti-climactic .
It makes this crisis seem so ... 1970s .
What about real estate , subprime mortgages and defaults ?
Hamilton says the housing industry had been tightening up long before the recession -- " subtracting 0.94 % from the average annual GDP growth rate over 2006:Q4-2007:Q3 . "
And housing is factored into Hamilton 's analysis .
It was just one of a handful of multipliers that always turn down during oil shocks .
KABUL ( Reuters ) - U.S. air strikes earlier this month killed 140 villagers , an Afghan government investigation concluded on Saturday , putting Kabul starkly at odds with the U.S. military ’s account .
The official death toll , announced by the Afghan Defense Ministry , makes the bombing the deadliest incident for civilians since U.S. forces began fighting the Taliban in 2001 , and is likely to worsen anger over the presence of foreign troops .
A copy of the government ’s list of the names , ages and father ’s names of each of the 140 dead was obtained by Reuters earlier this week .
It shows that 93 of those killed were children -- the youngest eight days old -- and only 22 were adult males .
“ No other news makes me as sad and sorrowful as incidents of civilian casualties during military operations , ” the Defense Ministry statement quoted President Hamid Karzai as saying .
The Afghan government paid the relatives of victims the equivalent of about $ 2,000 for those who were killed and $ 1,000 for 25 others wounded , it said .
U.S. aircraft bombed villages in the Bala Boluk district of Afghanistan ’s western Farah province on May 3 after U.S. Marines and Afghan security forces became involved in a firefight with Taliban militants .
According to villagers , families were cowering in houses when the U.S. aircraft bombed them .
The incident has prompted anger across Afghanistan toward Western troops , and caused Karzai to demand a halt to all air strikes , a plea that Washington has rebuffed .
TWO INVESTIGATIONS
The U.S. military says it believes the death toll was lower than the official Afghan figure , but says it cannot provide a figure of its own because the dead were quickly buried .
It says the Taliban were to blame for deliberately putting villagers in harm ’s way to create outrage over civilian deaths , and some names in the government ’s list of victims may be fake .
According to the military ’s version of events , many of the dead may have been fighters , and some civilians may have been killed by militants throwing grenades , rather than by air strikes .
Asked if the dispute over the death toll would cause further difficulties between the troops and their Afghan hosts , U.S. military spokesman Colonel Greg Julian said : “ It ’s something we will discuss . ”
Julian said two U.S. military investigations were now under way , one ordered by commanders in Afghanistan immediately after the incident and another ordered more recently by U.S. Central Command , responsible for the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq .
A U.S. general had been sent from outside Afghanistan to head up the second investigation , Julian said .
He was not able to say how long either investigation would take to issue findings .
Under new procedures instituted late last year to reduce the anger caused by civilian deaths , the military tries to coordinate its investigations into such incidents with Afghan authorities .
In several smaller cases in recent months the sides have quickly agreed in public about what happened , and U.S. troops have admitted making mistakes and apologized .
But there were immediate signs in the Farah case that Afghan and U.S. officials were not going to agree .
A joint U.S. - Afghan statement issued five days after the bombing said only that some civilians were killed , but not how many .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Dick Cheney , as vice president , was once the president of the Senate .
Now he could become the target of a Senate investigation , for the Senate intelligence committee is in the position–and perhaps has the obligation –to answer this question : did Cheney tell senior members of Congress the truth about the Bush administration ’s use of harsh interrogation practices ( a.k.a. torture ) during hush - hush briefings on Capitol Hill ?
Last week ,
The Washington Post revealed that in 2005 Cheney oversaw at least four classified briefings of congressional leaders about the interrogations of detained terrorist suspects .
This was part of an effort to bolster congressional support for the program .
Curiously–or not so curiously –the CIA did n’t note Cheney ’s participation in these sessions when it recently released a list of the briefings the agency had provided to Congress regarding its interrogation methods .
Cheney ’s involvement in the CIA briefings began at a time when several senior Democrats were calling for an investigation of these interrogation techniques .
In one of these sessions , Cheney met with Sen. Pat Roberts ( R - KS ) , then the chairman of the Senate intelligence committee , and Sen. Jay Rockefeller III ( D - WV ) , then the senior Democrat on the committee .
( Also present were Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R - MI ) , the chairman of the House intelligence committee , and Rep. Jane Harman ( D - CA ) , the top Democrat on that committee . )
And it is this particular meeting that falls within the boundaries of the investigation of the CIA ’s interrogation program now being conducted by the Senate intelligence committee .
But Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) , the current chair of the intelligence committee , is not saying whether her probe will cover Cheney ’s participation in these briefings .
In March , Feinstein and Sen. Kit Bond ( R - MO ) , the top GOPer on the committee , announced they were investigating the CIA ’s detainee and interrogation program .
And while legislators , pundits , bloggers , and others have debated whether a special prosecutor or independent commission ought to be created to examine the Bush administration ’s interrogation practices , the Senate intelligence committee has quietly been pursuing its probe .
The committee ’s inquiry has stirred no fuss .
There have been no public hearings .
In fact , Feinstein has made no commitment to hold hearings on this subject or to release a public report when the investigation is completed .
The committee said in March that its investigation would take about a year .
“ The Senate intelligence committee ’s study includes an examination of how the committee was briefed on the CIA ’s detention and interrogation program , ” says Phil LaVelle , a Feinstein spokesperson .
“ This includes briefings of committee leadership , and is not limited by who conducted the briefing . ”
The committee has restricted this part of its review and is not examining briefings provided to other committees–such as the House intelligence committee –according to a congressional source familiar with the probe .
But given that Cheney briefed two senior members of the Senate intelligence panel , the committee can review what Cheney told Roberts and Rockefeller about the interrogation program and evaluate whether his assertions were supported by the facts .
That is , the Cheney briefing is fair game for the Senate investigators .
In recent weeks , Cheney has insisted that the use of waterboarding and other extreme interrogation procedures produced essential intelligence and that classified documents prove that –while President Barack Obama and Senator Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , the chair of the armed services committee , have taken issue with him on this point .
So did Cheney make an honest presentation during the behind - closed - doors meetings with congressional leaders when he was veep ?
Feinstein can find out –if she wants to .
The Senate intelligence committee ’s investigation is not wide - ranging –which may be good news for Cheney .
According to a press release it issued , the committee is mainly focusing on what the CIA did , whether it remained in compliance with guidance it received from the Justice Department , and what was the value of the intelligence it obtained through the use of “ enhanced and standard interrogation techniques . ”
That press release makes it seem unlikely that the committee is investigating whether the White House–with or without Cheney ’s involvement –pressured the Justice Department to cook up legal cover for the CIA ’s use of so - called enhanced interrogation techniques .
When I asked LaVelle whether the committee was examining the 2005 Cheney briefing , he declined to comment .
The committee is not confirming or denying any specific aspects of its inquiry , including the witnessess it has or will be interviewing .
But the committee has granted itself the authority to investigate what Cheney told committee members about the CIA interrogations .
If it chooses not to do so , its probe will be incomplete .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The U.S. military is tracking a North Korean ship believed to be carrying illicit weapons or technology , a senior U.S. official said Thursday .
The Kang Nam is known for having carried " proliferation materials , " a senior U.S. official says .
The ship , the Kang Nam , is a North Korean - flagged ship , according to two senior U.S. officials , and is currently in the Pacific .
While the United States does not know what specifically is on the ship , the Kang Nam is a " repeat offender , " known for having carried " proliferation materials , " one senior defense official said .
Without speaking to any details of the Kang Nam report , Adm .
Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Thursday that the United States would not forcibly board a North Korean ship but , in accordance with the recent United Nations resolution , would request permission to search the ship or press any port the ship docks in to inspect it for illegal materials .
Mullen told reporters at a news conference that neither the United States nor any other navy would board a ship without permission .
" The United Nations Security Council resolution does not include an option for opposed - boarding or noncompliant boarding with respect to that , " he said .
" We expect compliance . "
North Korea has warned that any effort to stop one of its ships would be considered an act of war .
" To further isolate itself , to further noncomply with international guidance and regulations in the long run puts them in a more difficult position , " Mullen said .
All About North Korea • United Nations
In a show of defiance , fired workers burn dismissal letters and continue their wildcat stoppage .
Includes a timeline of events .
Oil workers burn their dismissal letters in protest
Thousands of workers across England and Wales have walked out in support of 647 Lindsey oil refinery construction staff sacked for staging unofficial strikes .
It comes as Lindsey workers burned dozens of dismissal letters in protest .
Total , which runs the facility in North Lincolnshire , gave them until 1700 BST on Monday to reapply for their jobs .
The wildcat strikes involving about 3,000 workers are being held at eight sites including Sellafield in Cumbria and the Ensus biofuel site in Teesside .
Total said it was " encouraged " by the amount of feedback from workers involved , but would not know how many had reapplied for their jobs until the end of the week because of the number of sub -contractors on the site .
" Our government will be subservient to companies like this - but we wo n't " Kenny Ward , Sacked worker
The Lindsey workers first withdrew their labour on 11 June in protest at a sub- contractor axing 51 jobs while another employer on the site was hiring people .
Last week , Total announced it had dismissed 647 construction workers following the unofficial strikes .
They had been building another plant next to the existing site in Killingholme .
Workers across the UK have walked out in sympathy , with thousands downing tools on Monday in unofficial action .
They include :
• 900 contract workers at Sellafield in Cumbria
• 400 workers at two LNG plants in west Wales - South Hook and Dragon
• 200 contractors at Aberthaw power station in the Vale of Glamorgan , south Wales
• 200 contractors at Drax and Eggborough power stations near Selby , North Yorkshire
• Workers at Fiddlers Ferry power station in Widnes , Cheshire
• Contract maintenance workers at the Shell Stanlow Refinery in Ellesmere Port , Cheshire
• 60 contract maintenance workers at Didcot A power station in Oxfordshire
• More than 1,000 workers at the Ensus biofuel site in Wilton , Teesside
Activists have said they expect thousands of workers to take action in the coming days in support of the sacked workers .
Bob Emmerson , Total : " This continued type of action could lead to dismissal "
Speakers at a mass meeting in a car park opposite the Lindsey refinery said the demonstrators were standing firm .
Phil Whitehurst , of the GMB union , told the crowd : " Let them show us how many want to go back in there crawling on their bellies for their jobs .
" We go out together , we go back together . "
Sacked worker Kenny Ward told the meeting : " Would Total do the same in France ?
Absolutely not , because there would n't be a tanker on its four
wheels .
" They 'd all be turned over on their sides , blockading every road to this refinery , because the French would n't put up with it - or the French government , or the German government , or the Spanish , the
Italians and every other government in the European Union .
" But our government will .
Our government will be subservient to companies like this .
But we wo n't . "
The GMB is planning to stage a demonstration outside the Lindsey refinery on Tuesday .
The Lindsey workers are accusing bosses of breaking an agreement not to cut jobs while there are vacancies elsewhere on the site .
Total insists no such agreement was in place .
UNREST AT LINDSEY REFINERY
28 Jan : Workers walk out over use of foreign contractors after local workers were laid off
5 Feb : Strikers vote to return to work after deal is struck
19 May : Workers strike over use of non-local labour in Wales
21 May :
They return to work
11 June : Workers walk out over job losses
15 June : Talks aimed at resolving the dispute fail
16 June : Deadlock over proposed further peace talks
19 June : Nearly 650 workers are sacked
Workers say the assurances were given in February following a bitter dispute in which they said foreign labour was being used to exclude British contractors and to undermine hard - won conditions .
The foreign workers row led to a wave of unofficial strikes and protests at refineries and power stations across the UK .
Last week , the firm was accused of pulling out of talks with unions at the conciliation service Acas .
A Total spokesman said it was hopeful that work on a construction project , which had been halted because of the dispute , would be able to restart in the next few weeks .
" Total wishes to stress that at no stage has it asked its contract companies to reduce their workforce 's pay and conditions in any way and will not seek to do so .
" Total calls for all parties to respect employment law and to work together within the nationally negotiated agreements to which they are signatories . "
Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's spokesman said : " This is a matter between the management and workers , but we would hope it can be resolved as quickly as possible .
" It continues to be our view that the parties do need to talk - ideally through Acas . "
You are here : Home / Cool Stories / The World ’s Most Beautiful Bills
Though many forms of currency are visually conservativeâ€ ” featuring portraits of notable figures and leadersâ€ ” there is a class of cool cash from around that globe with eye - popping colors and designs .
More than just legal tender , some banknotes serve as an artistic merging of technology , color schemes and cultural references .
From Egypt ’s display of ancient pharaohs to Kazakhstanâ € ™s exotic electric - blue design , the collection of bills below boasts some of the worldâ€™s best moola .
Egyptian Pound
Above is one of seven denominations of Egyptian banknotes that were introduced into circulation by the Central Bank of Egypt in 1961 .
The side written in Arabic has a picture of the Sultan Qayetbay mosque and the side written in English displays a carving from one of the temples at Abu Simbel , which features four identical statues of Pharaoh Ramses II , who ruled Egypt for 67 years .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 5.55575 Egyptian pounds
Swiss Franc
In 1995 , the current and eighth series of Swiss banknote designs were slowly released into circulation .
Each denomination features a portrait of a famous Swiss artist atop a bold color schemeâ€ ” further demonstrating Switzerlandâ€™s ever-chic artistic reputation and forward - thinking ways .
The front of this bill features composer Arthur Honegger , while the back depicts elements ( including a locomotive wheel and a piano keyboard ) that evoke his famous composition â€ œPacific 231.â€ 
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S.dollar = 1.08492 Swiss francs
Kazakhstan Tenge
Kazakhstanâ€™s monetary unit , the tenge , was introduced in 1993â € ” replacing the Soviet ruble as the national currency .
The most current design of the banknote features a geographical outline of the country on one side and overlapping national treasures on the other , which include the Astana - Baiterek Monument , the Kazakhstan flag , the signature of President Nazarbayev and lyrics from the Kazakh national anthem .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 148.330 Kazakhstan tenge
Hong Kong Dollar
In July 2007 , Hong Kong became the 25th country to gradually introduce a $ 10 polymer banknoteâ € ” both more durable and secure than the standard paper banknote .
Both $ 10 bill version are considered legal tender and bear the same designâ € ” the beautiful abstract arrangement of geometric shapes in shades of mauve , purple , blue and yellow shown above .
The design makes impressionistic references to modern architecture as well as to festive and cultural activities in Hong Kong .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 7.74997 Hong Kong dollars
Aruban Florin
In 1986 , Arubaâ€™s new governing power created a unique currency called the florin to replace the Antilles guilder .
Starting in 1990 , the bills were redesigned by Evelino Fingal , Aruban graphic artist and director of the Archaeological Museum , who found his inspiration for the eccentric designs in Native American tribal paintings , archeological pottery shards and native wildlife .
On each denomination , the images are layered to create a modernistic collage of cool geometric shapes .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 1.77000 Aruban florins
South African Rand
In 1961 , the South African rand was introduced to replace the pound , an act that coincided with the countryâ€™s declaration as a republic .
However , it wasnâ€™t until the 1990s that the current banknote designâ€ ” sans the face of Dutch administrator and Cape Town founder Jan van Riebeeckâ€ ” was introduced to post - apartheid South Africa .
The color - infused denominations each feature one of the â€œBig Fiveâ€ gameâ € ” Africaâ€™s most - difficult - to - hunt wildlife speciesâ € ” the lion , African elephant , Cape buffalo , leopard and black rhinoceros .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 8.13147 South African rand
Antarctican “ Dollar ”
The collectorâ€™s item shown above is part of the A1 collectorâ€™s series and is nonlegal tender .
Created by the Antarctica Overseas Exchange Office , the bill designs are based on regional geography and wildlife .
The one displayed above features Peterman Island on the front and the picturesque image of penguins jumping into the nearly freezing waters off the Ross Ice Shelf on the reverse .
Dutch Guilder
This former currency of The Netherlands was replaced by the euro on January 1 , 2002 .
Among the bills , whose loss the Dutch surely mourned , was this bright yellow sunflower - clad 50 - guilder banknote , which was designed by Jaap Drupsteen in the 1990s .
The series , which portrayed an intricate pattern of geometric designs , including radio schema and resistors , boasted a colorful array of sunflowers , lighthouses and birds were said to encapsulate classic Dutch artistry .
Australian Dollar
Introduced in 1966 to replace the pound when Australia adopted decimal - based currency , the Australian dollar bears a portrait of two prominent Australian figures on each side and reflects the artistic and cultural values of the era in which they lived .
In the 1980s , polymer notes were introduced into circulationâ€ ” boasting security updates which included a transparent window with an optically variable image of British explorer , navigator and cartographer Captain James Cook .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 1.25521 Australian dollars
CFP Franc
The currency of French Polynesia , New Caledonia , and Wallis and Futuna is the CFP Franc , which was introduced in 1945 .
Typically , one side of the banknote shows landscapes or historical figures of New Caledonia , while the other side features those of French Polynesia .
The front of the bill pictured above depicts a coastal landscape of HuahinÃ© and a French Polynesian Tahitian woman ; the back shows coral and fish of New Caledonia , and a New Caledonian Melanesian woman wearing hibiscus flowers .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 84.42800 CFP
francs
Cook Islands Dollar
Cook Islands , the 15 small islands that make up the self - governing parliamentary democracy in free association with New Zeland has a currency that is slowly falling out of favor ( though still remains legal tender ) .
Introduced in 1987 ( and revamped in 1992 ) the banknotes depict various aspects of South Pacific life and have an exchange rate similar to the New Zealand dollar .
The 1987 currency note above shows a nude Ina ( a Polynesian mythological figure ) riding a shark on one side and a traditional canoe alongside the god Te - Rongo on the other .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 1.57208 New Zealand dollars
Zambian Kwacha
In 1968 , Zambia introduced its kwacha banknotes .
Since then , the currency has received a number of design reinventions , including the release of polymer notes in 2003â € ” making Zambia the first African country to do so .
The fish eagle is the main feature on most banknotes ; the birdâ€™s excellent vision and swift reaction is a symbol of the countryâ€™s focus on economic growth and resiliency .
Printed on the back is the Freedom Statue , which represents Zambiaâ€™s struggle for freedom in the precolonial days .
Estimated Exchange Rate : 1 U.S. dollar = 5,060 Zambian kwacha
To
search
for particular names or terms in this blog , see the blogger search box at the top left of this page .
To see the most recent posts , click on the blog title at the top of the page .
If you ever hear me claim that my job is difficult , please do me a favour .
Punch me hard on the nose .
Writing a weekly opinion column is the easiest job in the world that does n't involve marrying David Beckham or writing jokes for Marmaduke .
Unlike being an actual reporter – which demands tenacity , extensive fact checking and the ability to remain calm under pressure – my job generally requires just four abilities : 1 ) the ability to remember what day my deadline is ; 2 ) the ability to set an alarm clock for noon that day ; 3 ) the ability to correctly identify the most controversial technology story of the week ; and 4 ) the ability to decide whose side to take .
Actually , even that last one is n't strictly necessary as I 'm lucky enough to write for the Guardian .
Really , I just have to figure out which side you 're on , dear reader , and then pick the opposite just to piss you off .
Or at least that 's how it usually works .
This week things have gone horribly awry .
It all started on Friday when a story appeared on Techcrunch concerning music recommendation service Last.fm .
Back in February , Techcrunch ran a story alleging that Last.fm had passed listening ( or " scrobbling " ) data to the RIAA , the trade body representing American music labels .
The story came from an anonymous source close to CBS who , apparently , was subsequently fired ( leaving them slightly less close to CBS ) .
At the time , Last co-founder Richard Jones denied the story in an eloquent blog post entitled " Techcrunch are full of shit " .
Following the denial , Last.fm fans were quick to attack Techcrunch , with some comparing the site to a tabloid .
And yet , as I opined at the time , there was actually fault on both sides .
Certainly , the way Techcrunch wrote the story was reminiscent of a gossip piece .
Techcrunch did n't contact Last for comment until after the facts , and the piece was published on a Friday night ( UK time ) making it difficult for the company to issue a timely denial .
For Last 's part , even after the weekend , it still took several days to issue a strong statement which came in the form of a blog post .
Meanwhile , Last 's parent company , CBS , issued the most vague of non-denial denials , which raised more questions than it answered .
Everyone ended with egg on their faces and no one really knew the truth .
This time around though , it was a different story .
Literally .
The new post was written by Techcrunch editor Michael Arrington and contained considerably more detail than the original .
After the February story broke and was denied by Last , Techcrunch 's Deep Throat offered clarification , claiming that it was n't Last.fm that had passed on the data to the RIAA at all , but actually CBS that had employed foul means to acquire the data from Last 's operations team .
When the operations team had found out where the data was heading , claimed the source , the " shit hit the fan " and the transfer was stopped .
For many commentators ( including myself ) this telling of the story rang much more true , and was certainly far more authoritatively written .
Arrington gave more specifics from his source , specifics which he'd taken steps to independently verify .
Even though the follow - up story appeared , again , on a Friday night ( for the love of God , Techcrunch ) this time Last denied it almost immediately , in a forum post from Systems Architect Russ Garrett .
As Garrett noted , though , there was n't much for Last to deny as " allegedly CBS did the deed " .
He went on to say that he hoped CBS would soon issue its own statement of innocence .
None of this helped me .
As my weekly deadline hurtled closer , I was facing my worst case scenario .
On the one hand there was a solid - looking story from Techcrunch and on the other there was a solid denial from a pretty - much vindicated Last. fm .
CBS still had n't confirmed or denied the story .
I had absolutely no idea who the bad guy was .
Normally in this situation , I 'd just flip a coin to decide who to go after .
But not this time .
Of all the web 2.0 companies I 've encountered , it 's fair to say there are n't many I respect more than Last.fm and Techcrunch .
I visit both sites several times a day and my admiration for them spans the professional and personal – both companies employ friends of mine and boast employees so dedicated and professional that it almost makes me sick .
There was nothing else for it : if I was going to pick my bad guy , I was going to have to take extreme measures and do something that goes against my every instinct as a columnist .
I 'd have to get off my lazy arse and do some actual reporting .
To make international phone calls to proper sources , using phrases like " off the record " and " deep background " .
Oh God , I 'd probably have to make notes .
But needs must .
Feeling slightly giddy , I picked up my phone and started dialing .
Three hours later , I put down the red - hot handset and slumped at my desk , exhausted .
In front of me were pages of notes – notes which would enable me , for the first and probably last time in this column , to offer you a list of verified facts rather than simply guessing what the truth was .
Here goes …
Fact One : Last.fm is innocent .
Let 's get this one out of the way straight away .
The Techcrunch story makes it clear that , even if there was truth in the accusation that CBS passed data to the RIAA , Last was not complicit .
Sources inside Last go further , insisting that at no point did user data leave the London office bound for CBS or the RIAA .
As one source put it : " If anyone on our ops team knew about a data transfer to the RIAA , they would have quit .
These are super - committed open source wizard supergeeks ; neither love nor money would be able to convince them to both keep quiet and stick around . "
Last also confirmed , in dull technical detail , why it would be impossible for CBS to get that data itself .
( Incidentally , the fact that they use phrases like " open source wizard supergeeks " is just one of the many reasons I love the people at Last. fm . )
Fact Two :
And yet , there are certainly trust issues between some at Last and some at CBS .
Russ Garrett 's initial public denial still left open the possibility that someone at CBS had acted alone , sending data of their own ( not obtained from Last ) to the RIAA .
His hesitation to speak for CBS was probably for good reason .
Sources on both sides of the Atlantic agree that while relations between Last and CBS are basically cordial , there are certainly some at CBS who do n't have a huge amount of time for the cool web 2.0 kids across the pond .
After the February post , a PR representative for CBS in New York issued a flat denial to Techcrunch , but soon afterwards emailed again to ask that it be re-attributed to Last rather than CBS .
When the most recent story was published , some at Last theorised that there was " definitely a chance " that a rogue data analyst at CBS could have passed some basic analytics data ( which they did have access to ) to the RIAA , without Last 's knowledge , thinking they were being helpful .
Senior staffers at Last were told on Saturday that CBS would be issuing a denial of this on Tuesday – although , curiously , at the same time , some journalists in the US were being told that no such denial was imminent .
Other reporters were out and out stonewalled by their contacts at CBS .
The CBS denial , when it eventually appeared on Wednesday , came in the form of a one paragraph statement to the Wall Street Journal which ruled out that any user or listener data had ever been passed from CBS to the RIAA and then went on to bitch that " those who consult [ blogs like Techcrunch ] should be aware of the standard by which such postings are sourced and published " .
Meow .
Fact Three : Techcrunch is not full of shit .
Any more .
Back in February , when the original story was published , by its own admission Techcrunch was going through a difficult period .
It felt tired and it made mistakes .
Arrington was on holiday in Hawaii after some prick at the DLD conference spat on him .
His co-editor , Erick Schonfeld , was in charge in his absence and so was the only senior editor at Techcrunch who saw the story before publication .
Unfortunately , he was also the person who wrote it – never a good idea .
As I complained at the time , Last was n't asked for a quote before publication and its denial was buried at the bottom of the post .
Since then , though , a lot has changed and Techcrunch is back at the top of its game .
The site has made various strategic hires including Business Week 's Sarah Lacy and MG Siegler from VentureBeat and the much - boosted team is publishing an average of 25 posts a day , including countless exclusives .
Having spoken to Techcrunch staffers it 's clear that potentially controversial stories go through an editing process that knocks many other trade blogs into a cocked hat .
As a result , big mistakes are few and far between .
Fact Four : Techcrunch made every attempt to verify the story .
Bizarrely – and inexcusably – some rabid Techcrunch commenters have issued death threats over Arrington 's coverage of Last.fm .
For obvious reasons , running another negative story without checking it out properly first was not high on his list of priorities .
Arrington 's main source had previously provided multiple tips , all of which had proved to be accurate .
And yet Techcrunch still insisted on taking steps to independently verify the new information .
After the original story in February , Arrington tried to contact Felix Miller , the CEO and co-founder of Last.fm ( you know the Germans make some good stuff ) , for comment .
Miller refused to talk to him .
So Arrington tried again , this time through one of Last 's investors – a very senior figure in the investment community .
Again he was rebuffed by Miller , who palmed him off to CBS PR in New York ( Last . fm still does n't have an in - house PR representative .
Which is still ridiculous . )
So .
So what ?
After three hours of phone calls and the beginnings of RSI , how much closer did these facts bring me towards choosing who to blame for all of this in my column ?
Last.fm was certainly in the clear , but equally it's hard to build a convincing case for blaming Techcrunch .
It had a source who had previously proven to be reliable and it had various pieces of secondary evidence pointing to the source being legitimate .
Even those inside
Last were n't absolutely sure at first that someone at CBS had n't done anything silly , and CBS could n't bring itself to issue a denial until five days after the story broke .
Assuming we take CBS 's denial at face value – and there 's no reason not to – the only remaining possibility is that all three companies have been the victims of a deliberate hoax .
A hoax so well executed that it more closely resembles a long con , where the mark ( in this case Techcrunch ) is given numerous accurate tips before being hit with the sting .
What still does n't make sense , though , is why someone would create such a damaging story out of whole cloth ?
Did he or she have an axe to grind against CBS – and if so , why try to take down Last too ?
And if the target was Last , why switch the blame back to CBS ?
Maybe the grudge was against Techcrunch – Arrington has made his share of enemies and a fake story would certainly seriously damage his credibility .
But , again , why make Last and CBS the collateral damage , and where did the previous solid tips come from ?
The answer , as I head towards my penultimate paragraph – the one in which a columnist is suppose to tie everything up with a neat conclusion – is that I do n't know who 's to blame .
And neither does Last or Techcrunch .
Something is still missing and sources at both companies remain equally baffled at why so much effort would go in to smearing one or other of them .
Only one man , or possibly woman , can say for sure what the truth is – Techcrunch 's original tipster .
And , would n't you know , he or she has since vanished off the map , despite Techcrunch offering both anonymity and expensive legal representation .
Until that source reappears , the only sure conclusion I can end with is this : the yelling has to stop on all sides .
Everyone needs to stop threatening to cancel their Last .fm accounts or calling for heads to roll at Techcrunch .
Seriously – death threats – what the hell is wrong with you ?
Oh , and Felix , you need to pick up a freaking phone for once in your life and discuss this with Arrington .
That 's what CEOs do .
There are at least two companies here full of good people , doing a good job .
And if either one of them is taken down by this madness , then the real bad guy – whoever he or she eventually turns out to be – will have won .
• Paul Carr is author of Bringing Nothing To The Party : True Confessions Of A New Media Whore .
He blogs at paulcarr.com .
Ever since the the Pirate Bay verdict was announced , the poor record labels have been waiting to collect their share of the damages .
The law firm representing several record labels has now filed a request at the Swedish Enforcement Authority , to claim anything of value from the Pirate Bay defendants .
However , their involvement in the case might backfire .
On Friday April 17 , the court announced its verdict in the Pirate Bay Trial .
All four defendants were sentenced to one year in prison and each ordered to pay $ 905,000 in damages to compensate the entertainment industries .
In an attempt to get as much from the defendants as possible , law firm Danowsky & Partner has requested the Swedish Enforcement Authority ( Kronofogde ) to go after the money .
Although the case is under appeal , the claims are legitimate since they apply to the civil part of the verdict .
If you do n’t pay your bill , or if you have a sentence against you that requires you to pay damages , the Swedish Enforcement Authority has the authority to take what you have in order to settle the debt .
They can claim salary , real estate , and other valuable property in order to collect the money .
The Enforcement Authority has reviewed the request and notified the defendants on the demands from each of the various clients represented by the Danowsky firm .
The damages have to be paid in Euros and on the notification ( pdf ) different amounts are listed for each of the record labels , including Sony Music , Warner , EMI and Universal Music .
The Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak that the defendants have issued a counterclaim , arguing that the labels should n’t be allowed to request damages via The Enforcement Authority at this stage .
Whether or not this counterclaim will prove successful , it is unlikely that they will get much from Peter .
“ If I would have money I would rather burn everything I owned , ” he said earlier .
Interestingly , the law firm that sent out these notices may soon have its very own cash flow problem .
Someone started a website asking people to send really small amounts of money to Danowsky & Partners , and then request a refund citing a wrong payment .
The law firm will be obliged to file these transfers , and all the accounting will be a costly process , especially when thousands of requests come in at the same time .
Then , if the law firm refuses to pay , they can simply inform the The Enforcement Authority and have them go after the money instead .
Oh the irony .
Huh ?
scripty2 is a powerful ,
flexible JavaScript
framework to help you
write your own
delicious visual
effects & user interfaces
( click to learn more )
Raised to be Heroes
" A superb addition to courses concerned with Israel , the Arab - Israeli conflict , ethics , or state - society relations . "
Daniel Lieberfeld , PhD , Center for Social and Public Policy , Duquesne University
They will fight for their country , they will die for their country , but not in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
And although they act on conscience , they pay a steep personal price .
Featuring haunting accounts from the front lines , introduces the latest generation of Israeli soldiers to selectively object to military operations undertaken by their country .
After years of executing missions against the Palestinians , often involving violence and oppression , some soldiers now believe their country 's actions are inhumane .
They 're confronted with an excruciating dilemma : do they obey orders and continue a cycle of aggression and revenge ?
Or do they refuse to serve , risking vehement backlash and condemnation from family , friends and society ?
Through a series of raw and emotional testimonies , a group of Refuseniks lay bare the moment that they finally , and courageously , drew the line .
Their gripping stories are intertwined with that of Matan Kaminer , one of five high school seniors that together refused to enlist in the army because they believe Israel 's actions in the Territories are wrong .
Awaiting trial , Kaminer reflects on his controversial decision and the consequences he faces .
There are more than 1,600 Refuseniks in Israel and this number is growing .
Many Israelis condemn them for failing their nation ; however , they stand by their conscience in the hopes of ending the occupation .
" The time I spent in jail was the most important time I served for my country ; for my friends in my unit , for my family , for the security of Israel , " says Major Chen Alon .
Capturing a moment in the ever - changing political landscape of the region , Raised to Be Heroes uses the unforgettable experiences of Refuseniks to inspire an essential dialogue about peace , democracy and personal responsibility .
Former US presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton were in Toronto yesterday .
These are scenes from around Metro Convention Centre where they had their talk .
Waking Up
Is Hard to Do Editor ’s Note : Five months into Barack Obama ’s administration , an unsettling awareness is settling in : that despite all the hype about hope , little has changed , especially not in Washington politics and not in the big U.S. news media .
In this guest essay , sociologist Pablo Ouziel focuses on the crisis in media and its troubling relationship to a worsening human condition :
We wake up in the morning to hear and watch the newest tragedy that has swept the world¹s media attention .
Email
Printer friendly
One morning it is the tragic crash of an airplane , the next some contested elections that turn violent as people rebel .
Soon , the media lens is directed to the death of a star , but after a few days , the media bites ease and as a few specialized commentators continue discussing previous events , cameras and microphones have gone somewhere else .
Amidst this media frenzy , the future of the world is being orchestrated as attentive spectators watch in silence and ( sometimes ) disbelief .
Serious events and acts are taking place everyday which merit serious social debate , yet because of the fact that our societies are deeply fragmented , broken and clashing between each other , we are unable to grant ourselves the necessary pause , required for conciliation and unity .
Because of this , we are easy to control as a mass of isolated individuals , which is held together by norms and regulations , bureaucracies , military , and police , and concepts such as the nation state , the church and the corporation .
If we are to stay in this model of society , I fear we will live in perpetual war until we destroy ourselves by not paying attention to the fact that something is drastically wrong .
We are living in societies plagued with corruption at all levels , we are constantly expanding our militarized societies surveilled by police forces and colonizing armies , which are rapidly eroding our freedoms .
In the meantime , the resources of the world are generating massive amounts of wealth for a small minority , as our natural heritage is being rapidly dilapidated .
In exchange , the majority of the global population receives what we have come to identify as “ security , ” when in effect , it could be clearly labeled as racketeering .
As a collective , the mass of the population gets terrorized and soon succumbs to authoritarian rule .
In the Western world - the bastion of democracy - we console ourselves with the thought that we are free , we refer to ourselves as members of the free world and compare our free societies with tyrannies that govern in other parts of the planet .
This we justify by the fact that our elected officials have reached the podium through an electoral system of some kind , thus in effect being representatives of our interests as citizens .
It can be argued that this is a fair assumption , as long as we conduct our field research in a laboratory , but if we engage with members of the numerous sub-communities , which exist within the boundaries of delineated Nation States , we quickly realize that there is tremendous discontent and frustration brewing amongst the population .
At the same time , there exists in our societies a sense of impotence and fear that if the boat is rocked , things will get worse .
As the world globalizes on different planes ­ intellectually , spiritually , socially , politically , economically and militarily , to name a few , we are faced with the realization of the global consequences of our actions , or our inactions .
At this point , all we can do is practice the great and often forgotten virtues of just analysis , honest critique and self - amelioration , hoping to contribute something of value to the global village .
Without these virtues , we fall into the trap of blaming others for our barbarous crimes .
When starving kids in poorer nations are dying and have no access to food or water , we blame the country¹s tribal lords and corrupt politicians , we forget to mention the exploitation and extortion carried out by our corporations with the aid of our governments and laws .
When we go to war , we blame tyrannical leaders for forcing us to attack them ­ we unload bombs on civilian populations in the name of pre-emptive strikes and the defense of freedom .
We forget to question whether we have become animals and have lost all sense of reason .
When our free - market banking system collapses and our politicians tell us that institutions are too - big - to - fail and must be bailed out by the taxpayers , we are quick to accept their jittery explanations and swiftly approve their actions .
We forget to wonder whether we are being conned .
Finally , when a surveillance society rises from within our democratic communities and our freedoms are radically eroded , engrossed in our own delusion of freedom , we forget to evaluate whether we are still living in democratic states , or have transcended into something different .
It is this lack of questioning which has paralyzed us as a collective - mass , and keeps us extracted from the true decision - making process ­ the one that defines our present global reality and is shaping the future we will leave for others to inherit .
Although I believe professor Chomsky is right in advocating that “ prediction in human affairs is a very uncertain enterprise , ” I think it is safe to predict , that tomorrow we will wake up in the morning and the media will be playing out the show of the day .
Perhaps it will report on North Korean bombs , street fights in Iran , the failing state of California , the Madoff financial scandal , or the bombings in Iraq , Pakistan and Afghanistan ­amidst millions of other news , which will navigate through our systems of communication mobilizing us in one direction or another .
It is also safe to predict , that unless there is a drastic change in the will and choice of the majority , at most tomorrow , we can expect isolated demonstrations making isolated requests ; stop the war in Gaza , fight for gay rights , defend freedom of speech in Iran , or save the Polar Bear .
We are still far from defending a globally united cause for environmental sustainability and continuity , equality , freedom and justice for all , a fair system of distribution , and an end to oppression and war .
If we can one day unite under that banner , all together at the same time and prolonging our request , popular uprisings in Iran , in Gaza , Iraq and Afghanistan , will inspire us all and we will unite under the same cause .
If this happens , together we will break our chains from the elite that govern us , and bridge the abyss , which has separated us from each other .
A brilliant man I know once told me , that despite what we are told , human beings are not too different from each other .
I believe he is right , but we must wake up in order to understand this .
Pablo Ouziel is a sociologist and a freelance writer based in Spain .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A new " kosher " search engine called Koogle has been launched for orthodox Jews living in Israel , allowing them to surf the net without compromising the religious standards set by their rabbis .
Koogle , which is a pun on search engine behemoth Google and a popular Jewish noodle dish , will filter out forbidden material , such as sexually explicit images or pictures of women deemed to be immodestly dressed , and restrict purchases of taboo items including television sets , which are banned in orthodox households .
Rabbis encouraged the development of Koogle to meet the needs of the country 's religious communities and to discourage them from using internet cafes .
Amos Azizoff , who helped to set up Koogle , claimed the business directory alone , which lists everything from restaurants to bridal wear , was already enjoying 100,000 hits a month .
He said Koogle was for adults and children alike .
" There is so much happening on the internet that is n't healthy and this search engine allows people to surf without pop-ups or anything that is inappropriate .
" There are lots of orthodox homes that do n't have computers but for business purposes , or for people who want to be part of the 21st century , if you 're going to have one the best way is to use one that filters the internet . "
The search engine also has a facility that blocks online shopping during the Jewish Sabbath , which begins at sundown on Friday and ends at sunset on Saturday .
Azizoff said he recognised that the site would not appeal to everyone .
" We have to be realistic .
Just as you have orthodox Christians and orthodox Muslims , there are people who like to take the easy approach on life , right or wrong .
Unfortunately that 's our society .
But there are different needs for different communities . "
The Philadelphia Women ’s Center gave away free abortions Tuesday in honor of Dr. George Tiller , the abortionist who was murdered last week by an anti-abortion extremist .
A worker at the clinic said that an unspecified number of free abortions had been performed during the day , but that they had stopped giving them away by late afternoon .
She also said that there had not been free abortion giveaways in the past , and that there were no plans to give any away in the future .
Under normal circumstances , abortions would not be au gratis at the clinic .
But they were today , in honor of Dr. Tiller ’s “ memory and legacy . ”
“ It ’s really sad that they would give away for free without recognizing that in an emotional sense the abortion is very costly , ” said Dr. Charmaine Yoest , President and CEO of Americans United for Life .
The giveaway happened on the same day the family of Dr. Tiller announced the closing of his clinic in Wichita , Kansas .
The closing means that only two clinics that perform late - term abortions will remain open in the United States .
" We are proud of the service and courage shown by our husband and father and know that women 's healthcare needs have been met because of his dedication and service , " the family said in the statement .
" That is a legacy that will never die .
The family will honor Dr. Tiller 's memory through private charitable activities . "
The family has ensured the privacy of the clinic ’s patient records and information .
Katherine Spillar , executive vice president of the group Feminist Majority , told the Los Angeles Times that the clinic ’s closing did not represent a setback for the pro-life movement .
" This is not a victory for them , ” she said .
How to Justify Security Investment
In March of 2009 I was the speaker at a SIM Meeting in Dallas .
In the Q&A at the end , a young security manager asked me a question .
He said that he has succeeded in making his company ’s infrastructure good enough that they have no problems with security breaches , data leaks , viruses , or any of the other security issues that plague many companies .
Now the security manager is having increasing difficulty in justifying additional infrastructure investment in the area of security .
He knows that continued investment is necessary — the bad guys get better all the time — but his business customers feel that their security problems are solved .
He asked me what he should do about this .
I ’ve been pondering this question off and on for the last several months .
Then I was reading a book , Brimstone by Robert B. Parker , and I ran across the following words : “ safe is more how you feel than how things are … Safe and not safe is mostly in your head . ”
Three Different Parts to the Question
When I read those words it struck me :
There are three different things going on with the security manager ’s question .
First , there is the issue of making your business customers feel secure .
Clearly , the Dallas security manager has been very successful on this front .
Second , there is the issue of actually implementing an infrastructure that provides a reasonable level of security for the amount of money the company is willing to invest .
The Dallas security manager seems to be successful in this area as well .
Third , there is the challenge of recommending the right level of infrastructure security investment and getting agreement from the business .
And that ’s what seems to be at the crux of the problem .
You Can’t Eliminate Risk — Only Mitigate It
In June of 2008 I wrote an article entitled “ 3 Things Your CEO Wants to Know . ”
Two of the three things were these questions :
How do we stand versus competition ?
How do we mitigate risk ?
I wo n’t repeat the text of that article here , but one of the key messages in the article was the idea that businesses can’t hope to eliminate risk — only mitigate it .
It ’s similar to the idea of Secret 6 in my book : “ There is no ‘ right ’ amount of money to spend on IT infrastructure . ”
No matter how much money you spend on infrastructure , you ’ll never be totally safe and secure .
So the “ right ” amount of money for a company to spend on IT infrastructure — whether it ’s for security or for something else like database reliability or resilient servers — depends on the amount of risk that the company is willing to tolerate .
Four Guidelines for Determining the Right Level of Security Investment
So how do you recommend the “ right ” level of security investment ?
I think you should use these guidelines :
What are other companies doing who have a similar risk tolerance to your company ?
That might be your direct competitors , or companies in the same industry , or companies in the same broad category ( e.g. , financial services or consumer products or industrial suppliers ) .
These are the companies who you will be compared to if you have a security breach , so your security level needs to be at least as good as these other companies .
Does your company deal with confidential information from your customers ?
Medical history ?
Credit card numbers ?
Payroll or investment information ?
Personal details of their lives ?
Extra security should be implemented to protect this valuable customer information .
Government regulations may require it , but it makes sense even without government regulations .
Does your company differentiate itself from its competition based on an enhanced level of trust or risk avoidance ?
If you want to be viewed by customers as “ more trusted ” than your competition , then you need to take increased security measures to justify that view .
Does your company hold a proprietary advantage over its competition which could be lost if confidential company information was revealed ?
This information could be secret designs , secret formulas , or even the contents of a proprietary marketing database .
If your company ’s competitive advantage depends on the secrecy of this information , then your security investment level should reflect the need for increased protection for that confidential company information .
Good Security is Invisible
It ’s difficult to justify security when it ’s working .
The biggest investments in security usually come right after a security breach — one in the news or a breach in your own company ’s security .
Many aspects of IT are like that — they ’re unnoticed , unrewarded and invisible until something goes wrong .
It ’s human nature to ignore the things that are working and to focus instead on the tasks that need to be done .
This is where trust comes in .
If things are going well then your boss has to trust that you ’re doing a good job , and has to trust your recommendations for doing a better job .
But trust has to be earned , and even trust has its limits during tough economic times .
You may be recommending the right things , but you have to be able to convince others that your right things are a more important investment for the company than someone else ’s right things .
Making People Dissatisfied is the Only Way to Justify Investment
In my first newsletter article in April , 2003 , I wrote about the three things required to get a person to change .
The first one is dissatisfaction with the status quo , and that ’s the one that ’s most important when you ’re trying to sell security investment .
To justify additional security investment you have to convince the business that your current security infrastructure is inadequate .
You can do this by :
Providing a factual comparison of your security infrastructure to the infrastructure used by other comparable companies , pointing out the areas where these other companies are stronger and better Making the case for increased security for your business due to the company ’s unique security needs , including any security needs required by government regulation Helping business executives to visualize what the cost of a security breach might be
Conclusion
A security manager has five strategic roles :
Recommend the right level of security investment , and get your business customers to invest at that required level
Implement an infrastructure that provides a reasonable level of security for the amount of money the company is willing to invest
Figure out how to refine the processes and products used in your infrastructure to optimize their performance and reduce their cost
Determine how you ’ll respond when there is a security breach , and prepare for that possibility
Make your business customers feel secure
To be successful as a security manager you have to be successful at all five strategic roles .
There is no “ right ” amount of money to spend on security infrastructure — or any other type of infrastructure .
You have to fight your way out of invisibility to show the business the risk of having an inadequate security infrastructure .
And you have to make the case to justify the level of spending that you think your company needs .
So let me revise the wording on that last strategic role .
It should say :
Make your business customers feel secure — but only if you think that feeling is justified
If you do n’t think the business is secure enough , then it ’s up to you to make sure they know it .
Related Articles :
Acknowledgement
Thanks to Scot Miller for his interesting question and for his insightful comments on a draft of this article .
But just in case I ’ve accidentally misrepresented something Scot said , let me point out that the views expressed in this article are my own and may not reflect Scot ’s views or the views of his employer .
“ A noble and crazy enterprise . ”
– John Hodgman
The Challenge
Join endurance bibliophiles from around the world in reading Infinite Jest over the summer of 2009 , June 21st to September 22nd .
A thousand pages1 ÷ 92 days = 75 pages a week .
No sweat .
1. Plus endnotesa .
a . A lot of them .
The Rules
There ai n’t none .
Read Infinite Jest , start around June 21st ( if you want ) , finish around September 22nd ( if you want ) , gloat about having completed the novel afterward ( required ) .
There is also no “ sign - up ” for the event , although you will need to create an account to participate in the forums .
If you wish to read ahead , feel free .
Think of us as a pacecar : you can leave us in the dust , but it ’s probably best not to fall behind .
If you are ahead of the pack you should feel free to join the conversation .
All we ask is that you adhere to the Inficratic Oath : First , Reveal No Spoilers .
So , apparently , there is at least one rule .
The Guides
Four writers who have never before read Infinite Jest will do so for the duration of Infinite Summer .
And each will be posting here weekly , not only to report on their thoughts and progress , but also to promote and facilitate discussion .
Here is our schedule :
Monday : Matthew Baldwin is the thinker - upper and editor of Infinite Summer .
Between his gigs as a blogger at defective yeti and a contributing writer for The Morning News , he has bestowed upon the Internet such 20 - minute sensations as The IKEA Walkthrough , The 30 Least Hot Follow - ups to the 30 Hottest Things You Can Say to a Naked Woman , and The Definitive Solution to the 12 - 13 Man Problem .
In his spare time he writes about whatever damn - fool thing enters his head , including but not limited to board game reviews , parental advice , crime fiction , and screenplays for NBC ’s “ The Office ” .
He lives in Seattle with his wife , his son , and a handful of good - for - nothing cats .
Tuesday : Eden M. Kennedy , like millions of other terrifyingly average children in the United States , learned to read when she was in the first grade .
Growing up as she did in the Great Era of Burt Reynolds Movies , she hoped someday to become a long - haul truck driver .
Now , as an adult , she enjoys short fuel - efficient drives to work and back while she listens to her phone , which is full of music .
Eden is the proud author of the blogs yogabeans ! , where her son ’s action figures demonstrate the intricacies of ashtanga yoga , and Fussy , where she writes angry open letters to Justin Timberlake and chronicles her daily life .
Her newest website Let ’s Panic About Babies ( co- authored with Alice Bradley ) will be launching soon .
She lives in Southern California .
Wednesday : Kevin Guilfoile ’s bestselling debut novel Cast of Shadows–called “ gripping ” by the New York Times and one of the Best Books of 2005 by the Chicago Tribune and Kansas City Star–has been translated into more than 15 languages .
He was the co-author ( with John Warner ) and illustrator of the # 1 bestseller My First Presidentiary : A Scrapbook by George W. Bush .
Guilfoile is a co-founder and commissioner of The Morning News Tournament of Books , and his essays have appeared in The New York Times Magazine , The New Republic , Salon , and McSweeney’s .
His second novel , The Thousand , will be published next year by Alfred A. Knopf .
Thursday : Avery Edison is a barely - twenty - something student of Comedy Writing at a university in England , which must be very hard because “ university ” sounds more intelligent than “ college ” .
When not deeply engaged in her studies or the collection of gold coins in the dinosaur world , she writes a few web–comics and submits things to McSweeney ’s .
They get rejected .
Avery feels very sad for the e-mail system at McSweeney ’s HQ , which she assures herself is broken .
Although ostensibly on board to provide a younger generation ’s perspective on “ Infinite Jest ” , Avery is — in truth — only here to make sure the adults use appropriate slang , like “ awesome ” .
Avery has been watching the MTV and thinks she ’s supposed to be into the word “ awesome ” .
Oh , and also some whiny vampires or something .
Avery maintains a tumblog which features photoshopped pictures of the guy from “ The Shawshank Redmption ” , and thousand - word diatribes against Proprosition 8 .
When asked about this lack of focus , she simply mumbles “ niche audience ” and cries a single tear .
The Community
Infinite Summer is all over the web :
Here are our forums .
There is an Infinite Summer Facebook Page .
We have a Tumblr blog .
We are on Twitter .
Tweets sent about the project may use the hashtag #infsum .
A number of unofficial ( as if anything around here were “ official ” ) side groups have also sprung up :
The Contact Information
info@infinitesummer.org .
The End
DISTURBED BY ATTACKS
Editors , Daily Planet :
I was disturbed to learn of the threats made against the Berkeley Daily Planet because of its stance on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Such threats and attacks seem to me to border on the same kind of fascism that groups like FLAME should be trying to combat .
I , for one , support the Daily Planet and will make a special effort to patronize those businesses that continue to advertise through the paper .
Julie Anderson
•
THUGS
Editors , Daily Planet :
This is addressed to Msrs.
Spitzer , Gertz , Sinkinson and like - minded associates :
Sirs , you are thugs of the most despicable sort .
Your attempts to subvert the expression of political opinions not your own are worthy of Iran , North Korea , or China .
They do not belong in the United States of America or anywhere in the Free World , much less in the home of the Free Speech Movement .
Further , you are cowards , attacking innocent business people with no role in what you regard as objectionable speech .
If you think you are forwarding Israel ’s interests you are seriously deluded .
I am deeply ashamed that some fellow citizens would feel justified in such behavior .
I call on you to cease immediately and apologize to the Daily Planet and others you have attacked .
Paul A. Rude
•
STEREOTYPES
Editors , Daily Planet :
While we firmly embrace freedom of the press , we also hope that newspapers , like the Daily Planet , adhere to the rules of good journalism .
Richard Brennerman ’s article purposefully miscasts those who have voiced their opposition to what they see as the Daily Planet ’s one - sided coverage of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The writer labels those individuals who opine on the paper ’s bias as militant right - wing Zionists .
His stereotyping is most incorrect .
Those readers who have contacted us over the years about the Daily Planet ’s anti-Israel writing represent many different political stands — from progressive to conservative , with most representing liberal to centrist positions .
The majority of the East Bay Jewish community strongly support Israel and join the people of Israel ’s hope to live in peace and dignity with the people of Palestine .
Riva Gambert
Director , Israel Center , Jewish Community Federation of the Greater East Bay
Myrna David
East Bay Regional Director , Jewish
Community Relations Council
•
CLOSING OFF DEBATE
Editors , Daily Planet :
Much of the rancor regarding the Berkeley Daily Planet and the issue of Palestine is directed to a letter to the editor written by Kurosh Arianpour in 2006 .
It was indeed a hateful letter , but it did represent a point of view .
A point of view many of us may wish did not exist , but it does nonetheless .
However , just because it was printed in the Daily Planet , does not mean that it was the perspective of the editors or staff of the Planet .
That should be obvious , as the Planet has published a wide - range of letters of various perspectives on the subject .
Recently , Moment Magazine , founded by Elie Wiesel and others in 1975 , published some views in their “ Ask the Rabbis ” section on the question of “ How Should Jews Treat Their Arab Neighbors ? ”
One response was like this :
“ Judaism ’s key teaching is that all are created in God ’s image .
Everyone , not ‘ everyone whose nationality includes no extremists . ’
Israel ’s leading human rights group is , significantly , called B’Tselem , “ in the image . ”
That is a humanist point of view that many of us in Berkeley have embraced .
But the Moment did not hesitate to print a very contrary point of view .
Another response included this :
“ I do n’t believe in western morality ... The only way to fight a moral war is the Jewish way : Destroy their holy sites .
Kill men , women and children ( and cattle ) . ”
What could be more hateful than that ?
What could be more anti-Jewish than that , in that it claims that the “ Jewish way ” is the mass killing of civilians ?
No rational person would ascribe that point of view to the editors of the magazine .
I think the editors of Moment did a service however , as they printed that extreme point of view by that one Rabbi to show that it exists .
We can then work to confront it .
What we need is more discussion , more debate to achieve peace with justice in the Middle East .
Closing off debate will not be helpful at all , as that does nothing to stop the suffering of the peoples who live there .
Saying and doing nothing is to support for an intolerable status quo .
I firmly believe we can create a better future for all , and the hard questions must be confronted .
Jim Harris
•
SCORING POINTS
Editors , Daily Planet :
To resort to ad hominem tactics against your opponents , signals that they have scored significant points against your own position and you have run out of rebuttals .
This is how I read the series of personal attacks against some pro-Israel activists published recently in the Daily Planet .
The DP has hardly been unbiased when it comes to the State of Israel .
That ’s fine .
You are entitled to your opinions .
But , what is troublesome is the lack of good judgment in persistently publishing vile and hate - filled points of view which lend credence to arguments that the DP has no journalistic integrity and panders to extremists , anti-Semites and bigots .
Furthermore , the reliance on stereotypes , one - sided prejudicial depictions and other distortions —
Richard Brenneman ’s article dubbing his critics as “ Zio - Cons ” and linking them to Likud and George W. Bush the most recent example — insults the intelligence of DP readers .
Jews in our community hold many different views regarding Israel and they do not look to the DP as a source of news or analysis of Israeli actions and policies .
However , they do expect a degree of discernment , fairness and adherence to community standards of decency and respect .
It should not require the objections of our civic leaders to identify the objectionable matter the editors and publishers of the DP seem so oblivious to .
Most certainly the members of our community -- Jew and non-Jew alike -- do not expect or desire to read articles and editorials , signed and unsigned , which advance agendas preaching mindless hatred .
Seymour Kessler
Co-chair , Bridges to Israel - Berkeley
•
DEPLORABLE
Editors , Daily Planet :
I deplore the campaign of intimidation against the Daily Planet for publishing views that some people find anti-Semitic .
However , I fail to see why the Planet should devote space to the endlessly acrimonious Israel - Palestine issue .
Certainly it ’s an important topic , but there are numerous media outlets where people can state their views on the matter , and I think few Planet readers are interested in the back - and - forth bashing between the partisans on this issue .
For that matter , I do n’t think the Planet should devote space to international issues at all .
The Planet should focus on doing what no one else is doing — providing coverage of events and key issues in the greater Berkeley area , as well as a forum for discussion of those issues .
Steve Meyers
•
DO NOT SPEAK FOR ME
Editors , Daily Planet :
If Jews have learned else nothing from their history , they should have learned the importance of standing up to be counted , especially against rabble - rousing apostles of racial , ethnic and religious stereotyping and intolerance and the bullying tactics they often use to promote their nefarious politics of exclusion .
Jews have been the victims of such movements for centuries and ought by now to understand their danger , whether the movements are led by those bigots who have traditionally despised the Jewish people or by those who claim the mantle of Judaism to pursue similar ends and tactics .
Therefore , please add my name to the list of Berkeley Jews who wish to disassociate themselves from those who claim to speak for me while intimidating this newspaper and its journalists and strong - arming their readers and advertisers into severing ties with a publication that has aired all shades of opinion on Mideast politics .
These bullies do not speak for me , as they apparently claim to .
Those who wield the label “ anti-Semite ” like a lethal weapon , indiscriminately , at all opponents of the current policies of the Israeli state are unwittingly furthering anti-Semitism and feeding criticism of Israel .
I am a Jew , I vigorously oppose the policies of the current and recent Israeli governments , and I cannot stand by idly as smear artists brand me and all other opponents of Israel ’s intransigence as anti-Semites .
As a practical matter , do the people who make such sweeping , unfounded charges as those leveled against the Berkeley Daily Planet really want to include all opponents of current Israeli governmental policies under the category of “ anti-Semites , ” as their rhetoric suggests ?
If so , they will create the very monster they fear .
True anti-Semites — those who despise all Jews — will find themselves with lots of welcome new company , critics of Israeli policies who were pushed into the category of anti-Semite not by their hatred of Jews but by the incendiary rhetoric of Israeli supporters who chose to place them there .
As a longtime journalist , I will not defend every editorial decision of the Berkeley Daily Planet , but I will gladly speak for the importance of supporting a publication that is under sustained attack and threats of financial retribution because it has published letters and columns that stray from the “ party line ” of the Israeli lobby .
As both a Jew and a civil libertarian , I shudder at the notion attributed to one of the Daily Planet ’s tormentors : “ The First Amendment as the Last Refuge of Scoundrels . ”
In fact , the First Amendment is a cornerstone of the constitutional guarantees that protect the rights of minorities — including Jews — in this country .
The pro-Israel bullies say they speak for Berkeley ’s Jews .
They do n’t speak for this one .
Peter Sussman
•
LIKUDNIK NUTCASES
Editors , Daily Planet :
Although I have disagreed with the Daily Planet on everything from homosexual marriage to gun control to socialized medicine to the Obama Cult , I must speak out against the censorship efforts of a few serious nuts .
I wrote the East Bay Express after they self - servingly published Dan Spitzer ’s atrocious screed a few weeks ago .
I mentioned Spitzer ’s obsessiveness in defending all of the many crimes of Israeli since 1948 .
The Express has degenerated into the Gammon Gazette as it is almost all devoted to one man ’s dubious assertions .
The day after I wrote the Express I looked up the Gertz website and I found myself libeled as a very dangerous person !
Hmm .
When you are dealing with possibly violent Likudnik nutcases that may be a good rep to have .
Thanks for giving us the background on Gertz ’s inherited wealth .
There is a now a raging debate in libertarian circles , initiated by Houston attorney , Stephen Kinsella , on whether the copyright and patent laws should be abolished as a form of special protectionism incompatible with the free market .
The main result of these laws seems to be the perpetuation of generations of parasites living off the ideas of some ancestor .
The Ayn Rand Institute in Irvine is a prime example .
These Randroids have lived off the works created by Rand who has been dead for 27 years .
Unfortunately Ayn herself was an admitted anti-Arab racist ( see Ayn Rand Q & A book ) who condemned other forms of “ racism ” as “ the lowest form of collectivism . ”
She appeared to have much in common with the “ leftwing ” Gertz , thus showing up the whole phony “ left - right ” debate for the fraud it is .
When I lived in Berkeley in the 1980s and worked on the Measure E campaign in 1984 I met many of these proclaimed leftist racists who equated criticism of Israel with “ anti-Semitism . ”
As if those of us who oppose Israeli policies would applaud them if Israel was run by Gentiles !
Only the stupidest of asses could believe this .
On this matter at least , stick to your principles , Becky .
Michael P. Hardesty
Oakland
•
PERSECUTION
Editors , Daily Planet :
I like the Daily Planet because of the policy of publishing all points of view in the letters sections , as well as transparent reporting .
I am upset to read about “ The Campaign Against The Daily Planet ” in the article by Richard Brenneman .
I plan to shop at Planet advertisers , and am considering purchasing an ad myself !
Richard List
•
THREATS
Editors , Daily Planet :
Thank you for the thorough review of the “ campaign ” against the Daily Planet in your June 4 edition .
I remember well the commentary by Kurosh Arianpour in 2006 .
I told Becky O’Malley that I did n’t like it .
There are other letters and commentaries in the Daily Planet that I do n’t like , but I realize that the Daily Planet position on free speech means , not only printing my letters of opinion , but my putting up with , or skipping through , the repetitive rants by some people , to whom I would only comment , “ get a life . ”
But until now , I had no idea of the strength and duration of their obsession .
Unsatisfied with having their attacks on the paper printed by the Daily Planet , they apparently try to intimidate advertisers , using commercial pressure to destroy a small but valuable resource to our community .
My response to these attackers is to concentrate on carefully studying and memorizing the ads in the Planet so that I can remember to patronize these businesses as often as I can afford , and thanking them for advertising in the Daily Planet .
I urge others to do the same .
Let ’s see now , tomorrow , lunch at The Vault , and what ’s coming up at Ashkenaz ?
And are n’t we about ready to hire someone to help with some garden maintenance ?
Dorothy Bryant
•
PROTESTING TOO MUCH
Editors , Daily Planet :
Regarding “ The Campaign Against the Daily Planet ” : The lady doth protest too much .
Art Braufman
•
EXPOSED AND REJECTED
Editors , Daily Planet :
I am a Jewish woman who has visited Israel / Palestine twice and have seen the atrocities committed by Israel against the Palestinian people .
I urge any advertisers in the Daily Planet to resist attempts by Zionist extremists to force the Daily Planet to either concede to Zionist censorship or go out of business .
In Hebron , Jewish settlers regularly attack the indigenous Palestinian people .
Children cannot safely walk to school and the settlers have spray painted slogans like “ Gas the Arabs ” on the doors of Palestinian homes .
These are the facts and I dare anyone to call me an anti-Semite for stating them .
Whether you check Israeli human rights organizations or Palestinian human rights organizations and look at data on civilians killed by the Israeli army or civilians whose homes have been demolished or Israeli checkpoints and the apartheid wall — you can only conclude that Israel is using much the same strategies as occupying armies everywhere : ethnic cleansing and genocide .
The goal of the Jewish State of Israel is to expand and choke off any possibility of Palestinian self - determination .
Yet , after decades of military occupation and crimes against humanity , the Jewish people are no safer .
It is the ultimate disservice to Jewish people to equate anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism .
How dare pro-Israeli propagandists claim that Israel is the “ sole democracy in the Middle East ” and then attempt to silence criticism .
Jim Sinkinson and others who threaten the Daily Planet must be exposed and rejected as enemies of democratic discussion and social justice for all people .
Arlene Eisen
•
RANTING STUPIDITY
Editors , Daily Planet :
Enough already of these creeps — could n’t you just ignore them ?
One thing is to publish letters to the editor , another is to give free publicity to ranting stupidity .
Hurray for Becky O’Malley & Co .
Bernard Rosenthal
•
AN ‘AGING RADICAL ’
SPEAKS OUT
Editors , Daily Planet :
I am a 32 - year - old “ aging radical ” ( by John Gertz ’s standards ) and Berkeley resident who has read your paper for years .
I was surprised to read about the campaign against it , and after perusing dpwatchdog.com and factsandlogic.org ( which gets the Schoenhard prize for most ironic URL ) , I am downright shocked these people pose any kind of a threat to your advertising .
The hate and hyperbole on those sites is almost comical , and seems like a drunken imitation of ’ 50s Red Scare tactics ( commie bashing included for nostalgia ) .
My favorite section of dpwatchdog is the ominous heading “ The Conn of Hallinan . ”
I guess it ’s a Berkeley tradition to be host to fringe ideological zealots dancing on the edge of a 5150 hold , but the suppression of speech has never been a Berkeley value .
I would like your advertisers to know that if this letter is published , in the next week or two my girlfriend and I will patronize as many of these businesses as we can .
Certainly the eateries and grocery stores , if not the insurance agents and lawyers .
I will next e-mail the antagonist sites and suggest garnishing their websites with animated gifs of torches and Senator McCarthy wagging a finger at the Daily Planet for emphasis .
Jeff Schoenhard
•
ZIO - CON HATERS
Editors , Daily Planet :
Bravo to the Daily Planet for a good old fashioned journalistic smackdown !
It ’s about time John Gertz and Dan Spitzer were outed as the hostile , angry bigots they are !
Gertz has repeatedly pounced on anyone and everyone who dares to criticize Israel and Spitzer has roamed the local media landscape for years like a vigilante of hate , libeling and terrorizing anyone who stands in his way .
Daily Planet supporters , Jews or non-Jews , ought to voice their support for the paper and give their patronage to the paper ’s advertisers .
But readers should make no mistake : Gertz , Spitzer and Sinkinson are not just attacking the Planet and its advertisers , they ’re attacking you and me , they ’re attacking our right to speak our minds and voice our opinions .
If readers do n’t speak up we ’re just allowing a gang of thugs to dictate the limits of our public discourse and to curtail our freedom of speech and our right to dissent .
Steve Reichner
Oakland
•
FREE EXPRESSION
Editors , Daily Planet :
Woodrow Wilson is quoted in Naomi Wolf ’s book Give Me Liberty as follows : “ I have always believed that the greatest freedom of speech was the greatest safety , because if a man is a fool the best thing to do is advertise the fact by speaking . ”
This is why what the Planet has been doing is a good thing .
Was anyone who read Kurosh Arianpour ’s letter persuaded by it that he was right ?
Certainly , there are those who would agree with Arianpour , because they have been indoctrinated with the same prejudices , but they would hold those beliefs in any case .
The value in publishing that letter is that it shows what Israel is up against — mindless bigots who would not “ peacefully coexist ” with Israelis no matter what Israel does , because such people are incapable of regarding Jews as human beings .
Are Muslims the enemies of Israel ?
The Qur’an says , “ Those who follow the Jewish scriptures ... and any who believe in God and the Last Day and work righteousness shall have their reward with their Lord : on them shall be no fear , nor shall they grieve . ” ( Surah II : 62 ) Real Muslims believe this verse is a revelation from God — how can they be the enemies of a state that is attempting to follow the Jewish scriptures ?
Are Dispensationalist “ Christian ” fortunetellers like John Hagee friends of Israel ?
These people regard the founding of the State of Israel in 1948 as an event akin to a fly hitting a spider ’s web .
They believe Jews are going to hell unless they have accepted Jesus as their personal savior and believe he is God .
They are watching for the demolition of Al - Aqsa mosque , so the temple will be rebuilt , which they expect will trigger a series of events that will be hell on earth for Israelis .
While they are in favor of giving Israel money , they are doing so in the hope that their dire predictions about the Middle East will come true .
Dispensationalist prophecies may prove to be self - fulfilling , in which case Israelis can only expect to suffer .
But even if Dispensationalist “ End Time ” prophecies do n’t pan out , one might reasonably wonder how the psychologies of such people might mutate over the coming years .
These are superstitious people who seem to perceive Jews as symbols — omens — rather than as people .
Might they not begin to demonize Israelis if their timetable for the return of Jesus and the End of the World does n’t work out as they imagine it will ?
In conclusion , I must express the hope that the Planet ’s policy of enabling freedom of expression in this community will continue .
It is the only forum many women have to express their views on religion and the Middle East , as well as many other issues .
Chadidjah McFall
•
OPEN FORUM
EDITOR ’S NOTE : Conn Hallinan submitted this letter to the East Bay Express in response to a letter by Dan Spitzer that the paper published .
The Express did not publish Hallinan ’s letter .
In his letter to the East Bay Express , “ Ministries of Hate , ” Dan Spitzer accuses the Daily Planet of “ Israeli and Jew - bashing , ” and implies that the paper does not support the existence of Israel .
I am the twice - a- month foreign policy columnist for the Daily Planet , so I thought I ought to weigh in on this subject .
First , there is an implication that the Planet is filled with attacks on Israel .
I suggest people read it to find out if that is true .
For instance , I have written 88 columns for the Planet since mid-2005 .
Of those , 11.5 have concerned Israel ( and three of those were written during the recent Gaza war ) .
Some of my columns have indeed “ bashed ” current policies , others have chronicled the courage of the Israeli peace movement that has resisted house demolitions , the separation wall , the endless roadblocks , and the brutality of the occupation .
I have never argued that all Israelis think the same thing and would never imply that there is a linkage between those policies and being Jewish .
There are an enormous number of currents in the Jewish community and to try to put those under a single rubric is simply anti-Semitic .
Because I deal with foreign policy , and because the Middle East is a critical focus for the United States , Israel is going to be a subject of my columns now and then .
To call it an “ obsession ” is simply false .
Second , I have no idea if the Daily Planet has a position on whether it supports the existence of Israel .
I do .
I support a two - state solution that guarantees the security of Israel within its 1967 borders .
There may be some adjustments of these borders , but that should be decided on as part of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians .
I strongly believe that Jerusalem should be divided — it constitutes about one third of Palestinian gross domestic product — and that there should be a resolution of the refugee question that does not alter the makeup of the Israeli state .
In practice , I think this will mean compensation for the land and wealth lost when Palestinians were expelled or fled .
Third , ads to the Daily Planet have fallen off because advertisers have been targeted by FLAME , an extremist organization that is headed up by right - wing neo-conservative Daniel Pipes .
Pipes is one of those laptop bombardiers who is lobbying to attack Iran and Syria , and who strongly supported the invasion of Iraq .
The Daily Planet will soon report on exactly how that operation has been run , but suffice it to say that advertisers have avoided the Planet primarily because they have been lobbied and strong - armed by FLAME and others to withdraw their business .
And why ?
Because there is a fringe that will do whatever it has to do to silence criticism of the Israeli government .
Not in Israel , mind you , where critique and debate are lively and pointed .
Indeed , I could not have written my column on ethnic cleansing in Israel without the outstanding reporting of the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , and websites run by Peace Now and Jewish Peace News .
Becky O’Malley is an old fashioned First Amendment type .
She pretty much prints anything .
I know , because one letter writer characterized me as an anti-Semite , a charge that a number of readers wrote in to challenge .
That is the point .
The First Amendment is about debate , point and counterpoint .
Nothing is so dangerous to the First Amendment as silence , and yet that is exactly what the campaign to destroy the advertising base of the Daily Planet is aimed at doing .
Dan Spitzer is passionate about his beliefs , which is fine .
But terms like “ Jew - bashing , ” “ merchants of hatred , ” and “ sickening screed ” do not advance the discussion of deeply important things .
Does Spitzer think the settlements are a good idea ?
That Jerusalem should be undivided ?
OK , let ’s talk about it .
I do n’t agree with him , but I do n’t think he is monster or a bad person for holding those beliefs .
We disagree .
If we all turned down the rhetoric and turned up the discussion , we might just find we have more common ground than you would first imagine .
Conn Hallinan
•
HAVE PITY
Editors , Daily Planet :
We should have pity on those whose souls are so impoverished and culturally warped that they would attempt to destroy a treasured community institution .
The Berkeley Daily Planet provides multi-dimensional space for information , insight , and opinion from and about so many fields : the arts , science , nature , history , education , literature , commerce , labor , ecology , conflicts ( civil and otherwise ) , religion , politics , home repair and more .
I hope that the Planet survives and that we are able to express support and / or criticism of Berkeley , the University of California , America , the Planet , God and any other entity or concepts .
Richard Craig
•
CELEBRATING DEBATE
Editors , Daily Planet :
One of the characteristics of Jewish people is that we love to debate , we relish hearing and expressing ( often loudly ) different opinions on everything under the sun .
I remember as a child I would listen avidly to the grown - ups ’ heated discussions expounding on all sorts of subjects from politics to the latest theater review .
But whatever their differences , no matter how strong their opinions or extreme a point of view , never , never was there an insult or a personal attack , never a threat against someone because they disagreed .
People might get excited and shout at each other but would never go out and publicly slander someone who took an opposing position ,
Whoever the people are who are vilifying and trying to hurt the Planet for printing the various opinions on the Israel - Palestine situation , I do not recognize them as Jews .
They sound like provocateurs just trying to foster anti-Semitism .
I ’m sure the Planet will not be intimidated and will continue to earn the respect of readers and supporters for its openness and fairness .
Lydia Gans
•
COST - BENEFIT ANALYSIS
Editors , Daily Planet :
I sincerely doubt the editor of this paper is intentionally anti-Israel .
I once had an e-mail exchange with her and found she could be suddenly caustic ; the quality resonates with a tone I often hear in her editorial writing .
Nonetheless , the paper itself is a good community resource .
Sure , it might be nice if different folks ran it , but that ’s not the case .
These are newspaper owners , after all .
In the music business it ’s often said that hard qualities like arrogance or belligerence may even be requisite for some owners and promoters .
Bill Graham was a classic example .
Without them we ’d have fewer venues and institutions .
Probably best to live with how this paper is run in order to continue having its benefits .
Sandy Rothman
•
BULLYING TACTICS
Editors , Daily Planet :
Thank you for the complete story on the struggle you are going through with ultra-Zionists Jim Sinkinson , John Gertz , and Dan Spitzer .
It ’s important for the community to know this story and to oppose the bullying tactics of a few extremists who believe that Israel can do no wrong , and that those who want to discuss the situation freely are somehow against Israel ’s security or are anti-Semites .
I am a Jew and peace activist , and I am fervently opposed to the militaristic and inhumane policies of the Israeli government .
I ’m not for militarism and killing , whether done by Israel , Hamas , or the United States .
People who want peace in the Middle East include the majority of Israelis .
Sinkinson , Gertz and Spitzer are working against the desires of the Israelis themselves .
Perhaps they should reflect on their misplaced loyalty to the hawks and not the citizens of Israel .
Readers with open minds about Israel ’s unapologetic militarism should watch a documentary on Israel ’s attack on the defenseless and clearly marked American ship , the U.S.S. Liberty in 1967 , which killed 34 Americans .
In his article , “ USS Liberty Vet Awarded the Silver Star ; Navy Vet Honored , Foiled Israeli Attack , ” , Ray McGovern says “ The infamy is two - fold : ( 1 ) the Liberty , a virtually defenseless intelligence collection platform prominently flying an American flag in international waters , came under deliberate attack by Israeli aircraft and three 60 - ton Israeli torpedo boats off the coast of the Sinai on a cloudless June afternoon during the six - day Israeli - Arab war ; and ( 2 ) President Lyndon Johnson called back carrier aircraft dispatched to defend the Liberty lest Israel be embarrassed — the start of an unconscionable cover - up , including top Navy brass , that persists to this day . ”
Cynthia Papermaster
•
STOLEN PAPERS ?
Editors , Daily Planet :
I ’m sorry to have to be the one to tell you but , apparently , hundreds if not thousands of your locally owned - newspapers appear to have been stolen from newsstands all across North Berkeley last week .
While I do n’t always run out to get a copy as soon as they are issued on Thursday , I ’m always able to find copies of your fine paper even as late as Tuesday , perhaps because there are so many of your newsstands in this part of town .
Despite searching far and wide , I was unable to find even a single copy of your paper on Friday afternoon anywhere north of University Avenue .
All the other papers were still in the news racks besides yours , so your missing papers were n’t the victim of a recycling heist .
Clearly something you covered editorially was the reason for the wholesale thievery .
I was sent on this search because a friend of mine ( a fellow former journalist ) called me to insist that I read your front page story on the three local , First - Amendment - hating Zionists / Neo-Cons , who have made it their life ’s work to silence the divergent voices published in the Berkeley Planet .
She was especially insistent that I get a copy immediately as she knew one of the people your thorough and excellent article exposed as a fascist hack .
As a former newspaper publisher I ’m personally aware of the great damage caused by thieves who would hijack an entire edition of a newspaper in a vain attempt to silence a story .
I had that crime committed against me several times when I was exposing the political corruption that was the hallmark of government in Emeryville in the 1980s .
It did n’t work then and it wo n’t work now .
The sort of skulking criminals who would do such a thing have no honor , no integrity , no intellect , they are no more than modern ‘ Brownshirts ’ dedicated to insuring that “ All opposition must be stamped into the ground ! ”
By the by , eventually I drove to your offices in south Berkeley to acquire a copy of the article and paper .
The article was worth the effort it took for me to find , and I recommend that everyone read it carefully and note who among us in Berkeley would deliberately attempt to kill a newspaper , who would happily murder that which makes America a shining beacon in a world full of nationalists , theocrats , fascists , thugs and thieves .
Keep up the good work , continue to expose the truth .
Fred Dodsworth
•
FLAWED BUT PRECIOUS
Editors , Daily Planet :
I usually disagree with Daily Planet Becky O’Malley ’s editorial viewpoints .
I think a bit of reporter bias too often seeps into the Daily Planet ’s news stories .
Yet , I believe the Berkeley Daily Planet is one of our town ’s most precious resources .
It ’s a resource in jeopardy , however , threatened by the tough economy and structural changes in the news business .
Worse , because people really should behave themselves better , it ’s being threatened by bullies like those exposed in last week ’s package “ The Campaign Against the Daily Planet . ”
There are two reasons I hold the Daily Planet is such high regard .
One is the paper ’s commitment to covering local news .
The other is its commitment to free speech .
My perceived bias of the Planet ’s coverage does not bother me , because the paper is open to all points of view .
Whether you ’re pro-development or anti-development , whether you favor a particular tax hike or oppose it , whether you think Tom Bates is a fine mayor or the dumbest log in the pile , the Planet will print your point of view .
The letters and commentaries rejected for publication are slim indeed , and from what I can tell , those being filtered out deserve that fate .
( Again , see last week ’s package . )
Without the Planet , the city government will be able to operate with greater secrecy and community debate on important issues will be stifled .
Keeping the Planet alive keeps the debate alive and government more accountable .
I hope advertisers being bullied by those who do n’t believe in free speech will have the stones to resist those tactics .
I ’d even urge new advertisers to step up to the plate and hawk your business in the Planet : the paper has a lot of dedicated readers , hence potential customers .
To those who disagree with the paper ’s stands , I suggest you contribute your own point of view and keep things smart and lively .
Perhaps even make some donations .
Finally , to those rich folk in Berkeley whose net worth has remained sky high even in the midst of this Great Recession — why not make an investment in local news and free speech by becoming a significant benefactor of The Berkeley Daily Planet , and keep this endangered resource alive ?
Russ Mitchell
( Russ Mitchell is a journalist who has worked on the staffs of Business Week , U.S. News & World Report , Business 2.0 , Conde Nast Portfolio and other publications . )
•
UNACCEPTABLE
Editors , Daily Planet :
I returned to my hometown of Berkeley two years ago .
I have never been more moved to voice my thoughts on a local matter until seeing the article on the campaign against the Daily Planet .
Growing up here I was surrounded by a rich diversity of opinions that cut across ethnic , religious and class lines .
This empowered me to develop my own thoughts from an early age on local and global issues .
I knew that whatever conclusions I reached I could walk down the streets of Berkeley and find someone to argue them with me .
This type of open dialogue is a well - referenced quality of Berkeley and is also the fabric upon which democracy is built .
Despite my disposition to dialogue , I never voiced an opinion on the Israeli / Palestinian conflict before age 19 .
As the Planet article mentioned , a large percentage of people in Berkeley are Jewish and span the spectrum of stances on this important issue .
I always felt that as a non-Jew it was not my issue to take on .
It was n’t until I moved away from Berkeley that I realized that in fact it was my duty as a global citizen to educate myself and develop an empirical perspective on this issue .
The catalyst was the death of a fellow student at my college .
She was run over by an Israeli bulldozer while protesting the demolition of a Palestinian doctors home .
My first step was to take an in - depth historical class which rebuilt many assumptions I carried and enabled me to accurately build my understanding of how this conflict has come to be .
Years have passed and since moving back here I have always appreciated the Daily Planet for its in - depth coverage .
In an era of media conglomeration it is precious to have a paper this committed to local news and open dialogue .
The campaign against the Planet is one of bullying and censorship .
This leads to ignorance and compliance , both backdrops of fascism .
I applaud the Planet for standing up not only for itself but also for the first amendment and for open , local journalism everywhere .
The men waging this campaign could choose to write letters or ask those in support of Israel to step up and get more published in the Planet .
Instead , they have chosen to try and silence the whole paper .
This is not acceptable .
We are a city that understands the importance of open dialogue as a first step in coming to creative solutions for the issues of our time .
I will not be intimidated and I support the Berkeley Daily Planet .
Kaytlyn O’Connor
•
ANTI - AND PRO - SEMITISM
Editors , Daily Planet :
I have been following in these pages the backing and forth - ing between friends and foes of Israel .
The vehemence is palpable .
Neutral positions have appeared from time to time only to be outshouted and dismissed .
Have you ever tried to break up a dog fight ?
I have , and I can assure you of two things : you ca n’t stop it and watching is very boring .
I ’m writing to try to break up this dog fight between The Daily Planet and those who deny its right to exist .
I probably will not succeed any better than I did when as a boy my dog and the neighbor ’s had a fight .
But the Planet is a friend and you know how it is when your friend is under attack .
First , this war of words without regard to where it takes place is asymmetric .
One side hurls “ anti-Semitism ” and the other replies , “ anti-Palestinianism ” or “ anti-Islamism ” but only the first epithet sticks .
Remember that although the bigger dog can cause more hurt , it seldom succeeds in destroying its smaller opponent .
Dogs do n’t use words whereas words are essential and necessary instruments in human fights .
My intervention is an appeal to both sides to focus attention on the most explosive word in this fight , “ anti-Semitism . ”
It can be disarmed with proper analysis .
Every time the suffix “ ism ” is attached to a noun it creates an abstract category that is vague , pejorative , doctrinaire and super - charged for controversy .
Notice , for example , how “ terror ” and “ social ” are irremediably corrupted when appended with the insidious suffix “ ism ” .
Not only are they devoid of force but the meaning of terrorism and socialism changes with context and user .
Finally , bear in mind that the offending word is formed from “ Semite ” the adjectival form of which refers to the overlapping of origins , customs and cultures of half a dozen peoples , some extinct like the Phoenicians and some not extinct like the Ethiopians and the Hebrews .
So , anti-Palistinians and anti-Islamists ( and you too , anti BDP - ists ) keep on hurling “ anti-Semitism , ” a wet noodle at best but belay the sticks and stones .
Marvin Chachere
San Pablo
SAN FRANCISCO : Credit - card processing company Heartland has revealed what is possibly the greatest data breach in history , prompting widespread speculation that it waited until the inauguration of President Barack Obama to release the news .
The company serves some 250,000 businesses and processes an estimated 100 million transactions a month .
It said that it discovered the data breach after being alerted about suspicious activities by credit card companies Visa and Mastercard , and had discovered that unknown intruders had broken into its systems sometime last year and planted malicious software to steal card data carried on the company 's networks .
Heartland said Tuesday that the breach had not compromised merchant data , cardholder 's Social Security numbers or unencrypted personal identification numbers , addresses or telephone numbers .
But the hackers are thought to have stolen data that would enable them to create duplicate up to 100 million credit cards .
" We found evidence of an intrusion last week and immediately notified federal law enforcement officials as well as the card brands , " said Robert Baldwin Jr , Heartland 's president and chief financial officer .
"
We understand that this incident may be the result of a widespread global cyber fraud operation , and we are cooperating closely with the United States Secret Service and Department of Justice .
" Previously , the biggest data breach in history was an intrusion into US retailer TJ Maxx , which compromised almost 50 million cards .
Avivah Litan , a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc , questioned the timing of Heartland 's disclosure - on a day that many Americans and news outlets were glued to coverage of Barack Obama 's inauguration .
" This looks like the biggest breach ever disclosed , and they 're doing it on inauguration day ? "
Litan told the Washington Post .
" I can't believe they waited until today to disclose .
That seems very deceptive . "
I think most people are familiar with the term “ schadenfreude ” , to revel in others ’ misfortune .
Surely there must be some word to describe a variation on this sensation : experiencing something painful or disturbing and then feeling the need to inflict it on others .
Whatever the name , consider it the motivation for this post .
There are men in this world – lots of them apparently – who would prefer to be without their manhood : voluntary or wannabe eunuchs .
Researchers from Dalhousie University in Canada have taken a keen interest in this community , conducting multiple studies on an online group of these folks to gain insight into who they are and , more importantly , WHY ??
Here are some nuggets of information for you :
The most frequently cited ( 40 % ) reason for desiring castration was to achieve what ’s called a “ eunuch calm ” .
The number of wannabes who were motivated by a fetish was roughly equal to the number who wanted to do it for “ cosmetic ” reasons .
A major problem within this community is employing “ street - cutters ” or attempting self - castration .
Let me say that again : street - cutters .
There is something called “ chemical castration ” , which does not involve acid as I initially feared .
19 % of all wannabes in one study had attempted self - castration , with only 10 % seeking medical assistance .
A famous self - castrater ?
How about Boston Corbett , the man who shot and killed John Wilkes Booth 144 years ago :
“ On July 16 , 1858 , in order to avoid the temptation of prostitutes , Corbett castrated himself with a pair of scissors .
Afterward , he ate a meal and went to a prayer meeting , before going for medical treatment . ”
And that ends this public service announcement .
Enjoy your day !
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Freddy has 3 Blu-rays of a western / horror blend titled THE PALE DOOR to give away -- 12 total posts
4
By Justin Parkinson
BBC News political reporter , Parliament Square
They were tired .
They were irritated .
They were staying put .
Hundreds of Tamil protesters camped out in Parliament Square , having been moved on from nearby Westminster Bridge , which they had blocked overnight with a mass sit - down demonstration .
The square , usually occupied only by full - time anti-Iraq war campaigner Brian Haw and a few colleagues , was bustling with people .
A day after their demonstration - aimed at getting Gordon Brown to push for an end to the civil war in Sri Lanka - began , the anger was still evident .
Occasionally part of the crowd surged towards the dozens of police ringing the square , which is effectively a large traffic island with two lanes of heavy traffic circling it , overlooked by a statue of Sir Winston Churchill .
The scuffles moved aimlessly from one side of the green to the other , and then back again .
Arrests
A few missiles were thrown at police , accompanied by some unprintable words about the UK government .
Four people were arrested : one for violent disorder , another for breach of the peace and two for public order offences .
Some protesters needed medical treatment , including one young man with blood spattered down his shirt and another who suffered minor head injuries .
I 've been in England for 10 years now and I 've always respected the police .
But now I have lost all of that respect .
Protester
Clashes as Tamils rally in London
In pictures : Tamils ' London rally
But most of the time the demonstrators - mainly in their twenties and thirties - just stood around or sat down , talking to each other or chanting slogans like " ceasefire now " and " end the genocide " , as a few of their number banged drums .
They waved banners making the same points .
The police , who were filming the protest , have come in for criticism .
Some protesters said officers had been heavy - handed in moving them on from Westminster Bridge .
One told the BBC : " I 've been in England for 10 years now and I 've always respected the police .
But now I have lost all of that respect .
" The police are terrible in the way they have handled themselves .
They are despicable . "
A helicopter hovered above Parliament , while two RNLI boats were stationed a few metres from the bridge , ready in case any more Tamils jumped into the Thames , as a two had done overnight .
' Peaceful ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
They were determined to get UK media coverage for the Sri Lankan situation .
They succeeded .
In recent weeks the clashes between Sri Lanka 's army and Tamil Tigers - who are fighting for a separate state - have intensified .
Security forces say they are making a final push to defeat the rebels and end nearly 30 years of conflict .
The United Nations estimates more than 2,800 civilians have been killed and 7,000 others injured in the fighting in the north - east of Sri Lanka in the last two months .
The country 's government disputes these figures .
Some of the protesters on Parliament Square said they would not move until the UK government increases pressure on the Sri Lankan government to end the war .
One of them said : " This has been a peaceful protest .
We are well behaved but we are angry .
Someone has got to let the British government know what is going on .
" Thousands of people are dying .
Something must be done . "
Across the road , by the Palace of Westminster , tourists took photos and filmed the demonstrations .
Most seemed as clueless about what was going on as the commuters who arrived late for work on Tuesday morning as Westminster Tube station was closed by police .
A sleepless night behind them , the Tamil protesters seemed to harbour no intention of heading off for a rest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Government breaks promise to shut down terror websites
Not a single extremist website has been shut down since the July 7 terror attacks , the Tories said yesterday .
Under legislation introduced three years ago , the Government promised it would tackle extremist sites head on in a bid to ' address the threat we face ' .
But despite the pledge , Muslim radicals are still free to issue hate - filled messages on the internet .
Baroness Neville - Jones , the Tory security spokesman , said : ' Organisations like al - Qaeda are increasingly using the internet as a tool for radicalisation .
Preacher of hate : Anjem Choudary , centre , and his followers
' So it is shocking that the Government has failed to shut down a single terrorist website .
' They claim they prefer to put pressure on internet service providers to remove dangerous material .
But they 're not able to tell us what they 've achieved by this route .
This smacks of dangerous complacency and incompetence .'
Preacher of hate Choudary , a self - style sharia judge and former leader of the banned group Al - Muhajiroun , sparked outrage after he led the vile protests against British soldiers in Luton .
In a new 10 - minute video posted on the Islam 4 UK website the 41 year old described terror attacks as ' pro-life ' .
He said : ' We can divide the world today into two camps .
' The camp which believes that sovereignty and supremacy belong to God and the camp which believes that sovereignty and supremacy belong to man .
Extreme : Choudary describes the terror attacks as ' pro-life ' on website Islam 4 UK , above
' Similarly we can divide the terrorism we see around the world into two types : Terrorism against life and terrorism which is pro-life .
' The terrorism against life is that perpetrated by the Americans and British in Iraq and Afghanistan ...
' And the terrorism which is pro-life is the terrorism of the Muslims in those areas , defending their life , their honour and their wealth , speaking up , raising their voices in support of their brothers . '
The Government vowed to crackdown on terrorism after four bombs ripped through London 's public transport system in 2005
In another speech - also posted on an extremist website and being studied by the Metropolitan Police - Choudary calls on his followers to hide evidence from investigators .
On the tape he says : ' Your house should be clean .
There should be nothing at all there which they can come along and then can form some sort of intention . '
He also allegedly urges terror suspects to flee Britain , telling them : ' Do n't take your chance in court . '
Choudary , 41 , whose supporters hurled abuse at soldiers from the Royal Anglian Regiment returning from Afghanistan , is under constant review by MI5 and police .
The Metropolitan Police 's counter - terrorism command is said to be examining his latest speech .
Police are already believed to be examining whether he broke the law in calling for money to be collected for Islamic fighters .
But he continues to preach messages of hate on the internet .
On a website he has apparently been heard calling on Muslims not to save money for their families but to give it to Mujahideen — holy warriors .
It is an offence under the Terrorism Act to raise money for terrorism , whether in this country or overseas .
Last year Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announced a drive to close extremist sites with tactics used against online paedophiles .
She conceded that it was difficult to close such sites because they could merely spring up elsewhere .
But she added : ' If we are ready and willing to take action to stop the grooming of vulnerable young people on social networking sites , then we should also take action against those who groom vulnerable people for the purposes of violent extremism .
' Where there is illegal material on the net , I want it removed .
Stopping people becoming or supporting terrorists is the major long - term challenge we face . '
The Tories also highlighted anti-Semitic white nationalist websites which are still running despite the Government 's pledge .
Last night , a Home Office spokesperson said : ' If material is hosted in the UK , informal contact between the police and the Internet Service Provider has , to - date , proven sufficient to have material removed from the internet .
We hope that this continues . '
Firefox has a new add on
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Your Catfish Friend
If I were to live my life
in catfish forms
in scaffolds of skin and whiskers
at the bottom of a pond
and you were to come by
one evening
when the moon was shining
down into my dark home
and stand there at the edge
of my affection
and think , " It 's beautiful
here by this pond .
I wish
somebody loved me , "
I 'd love you and be your catfish
friend and drive such lonely
thoughts from your mind
and suddenly you would be
at peace ,
and ask yourself , " I wonder
if there are any catfish
in this pond ?
It seems like ...
Read the full of Your Catfish Friend
Built a decade before today 's green building vogue , Oakland 's only straw bale house has emerged as a showplace of ancient methods , modern technologies and Bay Area sensibilities .
Now , the three - bedroom family home at 99 Roble Road , nestled in the hills on the Berkeley - Oakland border , is on the market for the first time , with a $ 1.125 million asking price .
Straw bale homes like this one are beloved for their thick walls .
At a practical level , the thermal mass means year - round comfort and low energy bills .
The 2 - foot thick walls of the Roble Road house soak up sunlight during the day and radiate heat at night .
They provide at least three times the insulation value of a typical Bay Area home .
" When the sun goes down , you do n't immediately get cold in a straw bale house , " said John Swearingen , founder of Skillful Means in Berkeley .
" The house retains heat , and your body has time to adjust . "
In fact , the Roble Road house requires very little heat , resulting in energy costs of $ 30 - $ 40 a month .
The house has radiantly heated concrete floors downstairs , radiantly heated wood floors upstairs and a wood stove in the living room .
" The thick , textured walls and natural materials provide a snug , secure environment , " said Dan Smith , founder of the green design firm DSA Architects , who designed the home .
" When you walk into 99 Roble Road , you leave behind the ambient freeway sounds and are welcomed by the earth , by nature . "
Swearingen has built straw bale homes for airplane pilots , Silicon Valley executives , eco-minded folks and others .
" It 's like comparing a wool suit to a polyester suit , " he said .
" They might look the same from a distance , but you can tell the difference if you 're in it . "
The natural quiet of a straw bale home enables residents to relax , unwind and create .
A testament to that is the spectacular straw bale home built for the late Bay Area composer Lou Harrison near Joshua Tree National Monument , where he composed his last work , " Scenes from Nek Chand , " for custom - made steel guitar .
The straw - bale home 's earth - friendly qualities are more than skin deep .
The environmental benefits begin with the straw itself .
Building the Roble Road house literally transformed an agricultural waste product - stalks left after rice was harvested from Central Valley fields - into the home 's walls .
California rice farmers used to burn the straw , but the state passed a law in 1991 requiring them to phase out the practice .
Straw bale construction gives the straw a productive second life .
A baling machine compacts the straw into 2 - by - 3 - foot bricks , which are then stacked , pinned and stuccoed into walls .
If dismantled in the distant future , the walls could be used as mulch , rather than going to the landfill .
A straw bale home also uses less wood than a typical wood - framed house .
And , as Swearingen pointed out , rice straw is an annual crop , compared with 50 to 100 years for trees used in building .
" Straw bale is one of the few natural products that we can build with in California , " he said .
Although straw has been used as a building material for centuries , straw - bale construction in the United States first found favor in Nebraska - tornado country .
It turns out the straw bales also naturally absorb the shock of earthquakes .
Composer Harrison 's home in Joshua
Tree neighbors six earthquake faults , yet is built solely of straw bales , wire and stucco .
Still , in homes like 99 Roble Road , wood framing provides structural support for the second floor and meets the state 's tight earthquake safety standards .
" We 've enhanced the performance of the straw bale walls by effectively turning them into plastered sandwich panels , using stronger mesh , better attachments and additional strap bracing , " said Smith .
" Tests show they work as well as good plywood walls and are a good choice for earthquake country . "
Confronting the elements
Straw bale homes also are fire - resistant , waterproof and as pest - resistant as wood framing .
Fire is a real fear in the Oakland hills .
Roble Road was engulfed in the 1991 Oakland hills firestorm , and the straw bale home was built literally in the ashes of a traditional home .
" Combustion requires oxygen , and a plastered straw - bale wall just does not contain enough air to keep a fire going , " Smith said .
Moisture is a more important risk here in the fog - friendly Bay Area .
At Roble Road , Smith used a watertight roof with wide overhanging eaves , elevated foundations , good door and window flashing , and a skin of well - weathering plaster to protect bales from rain and ground water .
Rodents can't nestle into a straw bale house because the bales are well coated with plaster , Smith said .
And North American termites have adapted to an almost exclusive diet of wood .
Depending on your personal style , building a straw bale house can be more like a pot-luck than a construction project .
Straw bale construction calls for much more unskilled and semi-skilled labor than typical homebuilding , and many builders involve their family and friends in the process .
At a practical level , volunteer labor saves money .
For community projects , like Santa Sabina Center in San Rafael , the building process can engage people deeply in a structure they will later inhabit or care for .
The family that built the Roble Road house hosted two " bale - raising " parties .
Dozens of family , friends and neighbors gathered to stack the bales into tidy walls and provide other enthusiastic support .
After all , sustainability is also about people , community and connection .
But how about cost ?
" A straw bale home costs about the same as other custom houses , " Swearingen said .
" You still need the foundation , roof , plumbing and so forth .
The final cost depends on how much sweat equity you want to put into the project . "
The regulatory process has gotten simpler since the straw bale renaissance began in the 1990s .
In 1996 , California building codes were amended to allow straw bale construction , and most counties allow straw bale based on those codes or similar standards .
Only one in Oakland
Today there are more than 1,000 straw - bale homes in California , but 99 Roble Road is the only one in Oakland , according to Smith , whose firm has designed more than 50 straw bale buildings in California and elsewhere .
While most of those are residences , community projects are catching on too , like the Shorebird Nature Center in Berkeley and the LEED gold - rated Presentation Center in Los Gatos .
On Roble Road , the setting itself deepens the home 's green credentials .
The owners bought the land after the fire and came to a hillside of charred rubble .
They cleaned up the debris , tilled the soil and planted fruit trees , native shrubs , more oaks and redwoods .
Today , it is a vibrant hideaway that borders on Oakland 's walkable Rockridge neighborhood - with BART , public schools and dozens of restaurants .
The house has convenient access to freeways , and the thick straw bale walls provide ideal sound insulation .
A long time ago I used the built in ftp support for emacs to be able to remotely edit files on another system .
This gave me all the convenience of a local editor ( especially on slower links ) , with the ability to do edits right in place on other systems .
On whim I did a quick search to see if there was a way to do this over an encrypted session while trying to fix some php templates .
Low and behold , there is .
It only takes the following 2 lines in your .emacs file :
( require ' tramp ) ( setq tramp - default - method " scp " )
Then you just open / servername : directory .
Relative directories base off your home dir , absolute do what you would expect .
This is just far too handy , and I can’t believe I ’ve gone this long without knowing about it .
Holy frak .
If you thought the 59 - foot - tall Gundam in Tokyo was impressive when it was finished , you have n't seen it fully armed and operative at night .
Beautiful and actually scary .
Check the impressive close up :
Advertisement
Come on people , let 's start building these robots now .
I 'm sure the bad aliens are going to come any second now , so better hurry up .
Do n't forget to check the rest of the beautiful shots at Pink Tentacle .
[ Pink Tentacle ]
A new type of robot being developed will make it easier to detect drugs , weapons , explosives and illegal immigrants concealed in cargo containers .
Dubbed the ' cargo - screening ferret ' and designed for use at seaports and airports , the device is being worked on at the University of Sheffield with funding from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
The ferret will be the world 's first cargo - screening device able to pinpoint all kinds of illicit substances and the first designed to operate inside standard freight containers .
It will be equipped with a suite of sensors that are more comprehensive and more sensitive than any currently employed in conventional cargo scanners .
Recent advances in both laser and fibre optic technology now make it possible to detect tiny particles of different substances .
The EPSRC - funded project team is developing sensors which incorporate these technologies and that are small enough to be carried on the 30 cm - long robot , in order to detect the specific ' fingerprint ' of illegal substances at much lower concentrations than is now possible .
When placed inside a steel freight container , the ferret will attach itself magnetically to the top , then automatically move around and seek out contraband , sending a steady stream of information back to its controller .
Current cargo - screening methods rely on a variety of separate methods , such as the use of sniffer dogs and external scanners for detecting explosives and drugs and carbon dioxide probes and heartbeat monitors to detect a human presence .
Cargo scanners currently in use at seaports and airports only generate information on the shape and density of objects or substances .
The ferret , however , will be able to provide information on what they actually consist of as well .
" It 's essential we develop something which is simple to operate and which Border Agents can have total confidence in , " says Dr Tony Dodd , who is leading the project .
" The ferret will be able to drop small probes down through the cargo and so pinpoint exactly where contraband is concealed . "
Working prototypes of the cargo - screening ferret could be ready for testing within two years , with potential deployment within around five years .
###
Notes for Editors
The 3 - year project ' Cargo Screening Ferret ' began in October 2008 and is receiving total EPSRC funding of nearly £ 732,000 .
The project also involves the University of Glasgow , Loughborough University , City University London and defence and security specialists Qinetiq .
The idea for the project emerged from an event organised by EPSRC , the Home Office Scientific Development Branch and the UK Borders Agency .
The ferret will offer major advantages in combating human trafficking .
Currently , it is very difficult to detect people hidden in freight containers ( e.g. the use of X - rays is prohibited due to the harm the radiation could do to anyone concealed there ) .
Sensors on board the ferret will be able to detect tiny traces of carbon dioxide which indicate the presence of humans concealed in the containers .
Another key benefit is that the ferret will reduce the need for customs and security officials to enter or unpack freight containers , which is time - consuming and may expose officers to danger or possible contamination by harmful substances .
By combining two different types of sensor ( laser and fibre optic - based ) , the ferret will lead to confidence in detection being considerably improved .
The Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) is the UK's main agency for funding research in engineering and the physical sciences .
The EPSRC invests around £ 850 million a year in research and postgraduate training , to help the nation handle the next generation of technological change .
www.epsrc.ac.uk/
For more information , contact :
Dr Tony Dodd , Department of Automatic Control and Systems Engineering , University of Sheffield , Tel : 0114 222 5636 , E-mail : t.j.dodd@sheffield.ac.uk
Two images ( Robot 1.jpg and Robot 2.jpg ) are available from the EPSRC Press Office , e-mail : pressoffice@epsrc.ac.uk , tel : 01793 444404 .
Suggested caption : ' a diagram of what the cargo screening ferret could look like ' .
( NaturalNews ) Rep. Ron Paul has introduced theto protect families from mandatory " mental health screening " -- a thinly - veiled attempt by Big Pharma to drug expectant mothers and new moms with dangerous psychiatric drugs .
Here 's the full text of the speech given by Ron Paul in the House of Representatives , April 30 , 2009 : Madam Speaker , I rise to introduce the Parental Consent Act .
This bill forbids Federal funds from being used for any universal or mandatory mental - health screening of students without the express , written , voluntary , informed consent of their parents or legal guardians .
This bill protects the fundamental right of parents to direct and control the upbringing and education of their children .
The New Freedom Commission on Mental Health has recommended that the federal and state governments work toward the implementation of a comprehensive system of mental - health screening for all Americans .
The commission recommends that universal or mandatory mental - health screening first be implemented in public schools as a prelude to expanding it to the general public .
However , neither the commission 's report nor any related mental - health screening proposal requires parental consent before a child is subjected to mental - health screening .
Federally - funded universal or mandatory mental - health screening in schools without parental consent could lead to labeling more children as " ADD " or " hyperactive " and thus force more children to take psychotropic drugs , such as Ritalin , against their parents ' wishes .
Already , too many children are suffering from being prescribed psychotropic drugs for nothing more than children 's typical rambunctious behavior .
According to Medco Health Solutions , more than 2.2 million children are receiving more than one psychotropic drug at one time .
In fact , according to Medico Trends , in 2003 , total spending on psychiatric drugs for children exceeded spending on antibiotics or asthma medication .
Many children have suffered harmful side effects from using psychotropic drugs .
Some of the possible side effects include mania , violence , dependence , and weight gain .
Yet , parents are already being threatened with child abuse charges if they resist efforts to drug their children .
Imagine how much easier it will be to drug children against their parents ' wishes if a federally - funded mental - health screener makes the recommendation .
Universal or mandatory mental - health screening could also provide a justification for stigmatizing children from families that support traditional values .
Even the authors of mental - health diagnosis manuals admit that mental - health diagnoses are subjective and based on social constructions .
Therefore , it is all too easy for a psychiatrist to label a person 's disagreement with the psychiatrist 's political beliefs a mental disorder .
For example , a federally - funded school violence prevention program lists " intolerance " as a mental problem that may lead to school violence .
Because " intolerance " is often a code word for believing in traditional values , children who share their parents ' values could be labeled as having mental problems and a risk of causing violence .
If the mandatory mental - health screening program applies to adults , everyone who believes in traditional values could have his or her beliefs stigmatized as a sign of a mental disorder .
Taxpayer dollars should not support programs that may label those who adhere to traditional values as having a " mental disorder .
" Madam Speaker , universal or mandatory mental - health screening threatens to undermine parents ' right to raise their children as the parents see fit .
Forced mental - health screening could also endanger the health of children by leading to more children being improperly placed on psychotropic drugs , such as Ritalin , or stigmatized as " mentally ill " or a risk of causing violence because they adhere to traditional values .
Congress has a responsibility to the nation 's parents and children to stop this from happening .
I , therefore , urge my colleagues to cosponsor the Parental Consent Act
The bird on Twitter ’s home page , familiar to millions , is small , cute and fun , and implies communication and anticipation .
One might say it ’s the perfect graphic for Twitter .
Yet the company paid its designer at most $ 6 , without attribution .
Some designers claim crowdsourcing is evil because it devalues their work by driving down prices , allowing amateurs into the game and forcing people to work " on spec , " meaning that they do n’t get paid unless their design is chosen .
Others see it as a natural evolution driven by supply , demand and technology .
Simon Oxley , the Japan - based Brit who licensed the bird graphic to Twitter for the price of a sandwich , through iStockphoto , sits somewhere in the middle .
" I
am not sure [ whether crowdsourcing hurts designers ] , " he said via e-mail .
" I believe a designer can only be ‘ hurt ’ when they stand in line — instead of constantly seeking new inspiration and producing new things with their ever - increasing experiences . "
Fair enough .
But since Twitter , which now ranks above Digg as the 84th most popular website in the world according to Hitwise , does n’t sell any merchandise depicting the bird or use it as their official logo ( it ’s considered a " decorative element " ) , the company only had to pay Oxley his share of iStockphoto ’s licensing fee .
An iStockphoto spokeswoman told wired.com that Twitter paid between $ 10 and $ 15 for Oxley ’s bird design .
Considering that iStockphoto pays 20 or 40 percent to content creators depending on their membership , Oxley made somewhere between $ 2 and $ 6 for designing the Twitter homepage graphic .
Carolyn Davidson , who famously earned only $ 35 for designing the Nike swoosh , actually made out pretty well by comparison .
Oxley says did n’t even realize Twitter was using his design until a staffer contacted him about a year ago for permission to animate the bird , which he gladly granted .
" I was happy to see the image ‘ in - action ’ as they say on iStockphoto , back when
Twitter was n’t well known , " said Oxley .
" I did ask that a credit be added to the
Twitter page mentioning that I had conceived the bird . "
No such credit ever appeared , and according to iStockphoto , Twitter is not obligated to credit Oxley because they ’re not using his design in an editorial context .
Still , the father of Twitter birdie enjoys the notoriety his creation has achieved .
" It is great to see the bird on the CNN news and BBC site — my family in the UK even mentioned seeing it on the TV news , " he said .
" I have also had people write telling me they have reproduced the image on the walls of their children ’s bedroom , and a girl had it tattooed onto her back quite large . "
Twitter ’s use of the design is consistent with iStockphoto ’s terms , so Oxley does n’t feel short - changed .
Nonetheless the erstwhile start - up ’s strategy of paying peanuts for its homepage design could backfire .
Unlike Twitter ’s " fail whale " graphic , which the company purchased outright after it appeared on iStockphoto , Oxley ’s bird design remains on the site where it can be licensed under the same terms Twitter received .
Nothing is stopping people from making sites that ape , mock or build upon Twitter using its own official graphic .
See Also :
At book events , bibliophiles typically wait in line to present books to pen-wielding authors , but as readers increasingly turn to electronic - book devices like the Kindle , it raises the question of whether book - signings may one day go the way of the inkwell .
A recent reading in Manhattan at the Strand bookstore by David Sedaris , whose most recent book is “ When You Are Engulfed in Flames , ” may have offered a glimpse of the future .
A man named Marty who had waited in the book - signing line presented his Kindle , on the back of which Mr. Sedaris , in mock horror , wrote , “ This bespells doom . ”
( The signed Kindle was photographed , but its owner ’s full name is unknown . )
Asked if she had any inkling if the practice of having Kindles signed is common , a spokeswoman for the online bookseller Amazon.com , which makes the device , declined to respond , but it has been happening at least intermittently for more than a year .
Image David Sedaris signed a Kindle . Credit ...
Maja Thomas
In May 2008 , for instance , Holly West attended a reading at a Barnes & Noble in Santa Monica , Calif. , for the novelist Jennifer Weiner .
Since she was halfway through Ms. Weiner ’s “ Certain Girls ” on her Kindle , Ms. West had the author sign that .
February 18 , 2009
By Tom Meade
Do n’t Honey bees eat honey ?
If they have honey , they eat it .
Trouble is many American beekeepers take away a significant amount of honey .
They rob the honey when bees need it the most , during the fall and winter when there are no flowers bearing nectar , the basis of honey .
While the scientists continue to study the problem many beekeepers – including people who know that poor nutrition may be one of the culprits – continue to feed their high - fructose corn syrup and refined - sugar syrup to their bees .
Top
Honey - harvesting Practices Need to Change
That habit bothers Günther Hauk , former director of the Pfeiffer Center in Cedar Ridge , N.Y. where an international student body comes to study biodynamic principles of agriculture .
He also is author of Toward Saving The Honey Bee , published by the Biodynamic Farming and Gardening Association .
Hauk is president of Spikenard Farm in Carrollton , Ill. , where he teaches biodynamic bee keeping and conducts research in the farm ’s apiary .
Today , Günther Hauk and his students believe it ’s time to return to old ways and a new paradigm for harvesting honey .
For the sake of the bees .
Top
Taking a Stand on the Treatment of Bees
“ Many blame viruses , mites , bacteria and beetles for the bees ’ failing vitality , but these are only symptoms of what ails them , ” Hauk writes on the farm ’s website .
“ Exploitive and mechanistic bee keeping methods … are the real culprits … .
The bee ’s very existence is threatened by our efforts to capitalize on her largesse . ”
In his book – published in 2002 , four years before the first cases of CCD were reported , Hauk spoke of a crisis in bee keeping as bees were being overwhelmed by pests and disease even then .
“ Is the honey bee , in fact , trying to tell us something ? ” he asked .
“ It is , in fact , screaming to us through its overwhelming illness and fatality statistics , that it is not merely a mite or some other invader , but , in fact , our whole approach to its existence that has continued to weaken it and caused its health and resistance to deteriorate . ”
Top
Corn Syrup Diet=Unhealthy
Bees ?
America is one of a small number of countries where beekeepers can afford to feed high fructose corn syrup and refined sugar to their bees .
Some beekeeping schools and beginner ’s books advocate feeding sugar syrup to bees in the fall to carry them through the winter .
They recommend feeding more syrup in February to simulate a nectar flow that stimulates the queen to start laying eggs earlier than she would naturally .
At Spikenard Farm ’s
Honey bee sanctuary , Hauk does not feed sugar to his bees .
At a recent meeting of a beekeepers association in New England , an organic beekeeper asked , “ What would happen if we fed our kids high - fructose corn syrup and refined sugar every day ? ”
“ We already know the answer to that , ” someone mumbled , hinting at America ’s obesity problem .
“ Just visit your local middle school . ”
Top
Too Big a Sacrifice for More Honey
“ Then why are we advocating the feeding of syrup to our bees ? ” the organic guy asked .
“ Greed , ” someone else said .
The honey that beekeepers take is supposed to be “ surplus ” honey that the bees will not need to carry them through the winter .
In the northeast , a bee colony theoretically needs about 60 pounds of honey for the winter .
Many American beekeepers remove what honey they consider surplus in late summer or early autumn .
That practice began in the late 19th century .
Until then , beekeepers left all the honey on the hive until spring when fruit orchards began to blossom and a new flow of nectar was underway .
Only then were beekeepers certain that the bees ’ “ old ” honey was truly surplus and ready for harvest .
About the Author : Tom Meade is a writer , beekeeper and vegetable gardener in Rhode Island
Top
Scratching is a natural behavior for our feline friends , and furniture is a tempting target for their fabric - shredding claws .
Save your furniture with these tricks .
Photo by jeknee .
Advertisement
Domesticated cats still have strong instincts from life in the wild .
Despite your best efforts to curb them , attempting to stop a cat from scratching and climbing is a nearly impossible task .
By taking a multi-prong approach to modifying their behavior , you can save your furniture and keep your cat healthy and happy .
The following tips are ordered by ease of implementation ; start at the top of the list and work down if earlier solutions have n't fully solved the problem .
Provide Appropriate Scratching Surfaces
Advertisement
You will have absolutely zero success training your cat not to scratch your table legs or the arm of your couch if you do n't provide something appropriate the cat can scratch instead .
An appropriate scratching surface for a cat has several important characteristics .
Photo by safetypinheart .
The most important characteristic is weight .
If a scratching post or climbing tree feels wobbly or unsteady , the cat will almost always abandon using it .
Make sure that any scratching post you intend to build or purchase will be stable enough to present a sturdy scratching surface .
The scratching surface also needs to be at least tall enough for the cat to fully stretch itself out while scratching .
In other words , a short scratching post will be ignored for the nice tall table leg .
If you have the space , a scratching post should be tall and sturdy enough for your cat to also indulge its climbing instincts .
While most cats prefer to stretch up and scratch , some are just as fond as stretching out horizontally .
A flat scratching surface like this DIY cardboard scratching pad is ideal for those cats .
The final point of consideration is the material the scratching surface is made out of .
Avoid scratching posts covered in carpet .
Not only is the carpet not very durable , but cheap carpet scratching posts often have carpet with looped fibers which will snag on your cat 's claws , discouraging use at best and causing an injury at worst .
Sisal is a natural fiber rope and when wrapped tightly around a post is about as close to a tree trunk as you 'll get without chopping a tree down and dragging it into your house .
Advertisement
Put the scratching post or climbing tree in a sunny location and encourage your cat to explore it with a sprinkling of catnip leaves or a spray of catnip oil .
I highly recommend getting some catnip spray , as it's like a mind control drug for your cat .
A final note on larger scratching posts : if you 're thinking about building your own , it 's only really worth it if you have access to cheap or free materials like leftover lumber .
The return on investment for building a large scratching post or cat tree is nearly zero if you have to buy all the materials yourself and spend a weekend building it .
I speak from the voice of experience — wrapping hundreds of feet of sisal rope is a tedious and time - consuming project .
Make Scratching Improper Surfaces Unpleasant
Advertisement
This does not mean yelling at your cat .
Cats are extremely smart animals .
If you clap your hands at , yell at , or strike your cat when it is scratching inappropriately , it will quickly associate the punishment with you and simply avoid scratching when you are around .
When you 're at work however , your love seat will be targeted for destruction .
You want to discourage scratching on furniture without the cat viewing you as the troll that guards the couch .
Photo by sara.atkin .
A small spray bottle can be an effective tool when you 're home and able to observe the cat .
Never yell or make it known to the cat that you are the source of the spritz of water hitting it .
You want the cat to associate scratching on the couch or furiously digging into the carpet with the apparently random blast of water , not with you being nearby .
That also means , unfortunately , not laughing when the cat has an extremely disconcerted look on its face after getting spritzed .
Advertisement
Making the surface itself unappealing is also an excellent tact .
Double - sided tape is an excellent deterrent , for example .
When a favorite scratching spot is suddenly sticky instead of soothing , the cat will quickly abandon it .
Make sure to pay close attention to the kind of tape you purchase , as you want removable double - sided tape , not permanent double - sided tape .
The removable kind has a lighter adhesive intended for affixing party decorations to walls and other temporary usage .
Make sure to test a small area before wrapping up the entire side of your favorite chair !
If you have trouble finding suitable double - sided tape , there 's a commercial product called Sticky Paws .
It can also help to spray the area being scratched with Febreeze or another odor removing spray .
Cats also tend to dislike citrus scents , so a natural orange or lemon air freshener sprayed on the furniture can be quite effective .
If the favored scratching spot smells odd and the new scratching post smells like catnip , it wo n't be a tough choice .
Advertisement
Trim the Claws
Advertisement
Depending on the age and temperament of your cat , this will either be an easy task or a horrible trial .
If you have a kitten or young cat , now is the time to get them used to having their nails trimmed .
Trimming the nails can be especially helpful during the training phase of transitioning your cat to appropriate scratching surfaces .
Removing even the tiniest bit from a cat 's nail makes it less of a fabric - unraveling needle sharp hook .
When training one of my cats away from the couch she 'd taken a liking to , keeping her nails trimmed completely removed her ability to snag the fibers of the couch and actually damage it .
If you 've never trimmed a cat 's nails before , it 's not as daunting as it sounds .
Check out this tutorial at wikiHow for details on how to safely trim your cat 's nails .
Photo by kevindooley .
When you approach your cat 's scratching as a natural behavior instead of a destructive prank you have no control over , it becomes much easier to find a happy solution for the cat and relief for your abused furniture .
Before investing money and time into a solution for your cat , take the time to observe your cat in action .
Do they go and scratch right after waking up from a nap ?
Do they scratch excitedly after you play with them ?
Knowing how your cat likes to scratch , and when they scratch , will help you decide what kind of scratching posts and trees they would enjoy and where it would be best to place them .
Advertisement
If you 've had your own luck curbing your cat 's destructive scratching , let 's hear about it in the comments .
Help your fellow readers spare their couches the death of a thousand claws .
“ Hammertime , ” the name of the new A&E reality series about the day - to - day happenings of the three - time Grammy - winning rapper , dancer , financial train wreck and blossoming digital - media mogul M C Hammer , has multiple definitions .
Hammertime can refer to the time Hammer , whose real name is Stanley Burrell , spends with his family , or the time he makes for himself , or the temporary sentence imposed on a child for shirking responsibility .
For example : “ If you do n’t do your homework , you ’re going to have to do ‘ Hammertime . ’ ”
Hammer lives in central California with his wife of 23 years , Stephanie , who , in a departure for reality series about the suburban lives of pop stars , former track greats and N.F.L. cornerbacks , does n’t assume a fascistic leadership of her sprawling household , treating her husband as a relentlessly punishable 8 - year - old or a Chia Pet .
Stephanie is n’t there to domesticate him , largely because , it would seem , Hammer has the whole millennial shared - parenting thing down .
There are five Burrell children  A’Keiba , Sarah , Stanley Jr. , Jeremiah and Sammy , who is 4 and was born prematurely weighing less than two pounds .
And Hammer is also ably in charge of his 18 - year - old nephew , Jamaris , an aspiring football player whom , in one of the show ’s early episodes , Hammer shepherds to Stanford in hopes that he ’ll go there .
Image M C Hammer with his son Sammy and his wife of 23 years , Stephanie , in his new reality series ,  Hammertime .  Credit ...
Adrienne Brawley / A&E
Hammer has other obligations at the university ; he is serving on a panel about the digital - music industry .
Hammer speaking at the Stanford Business School is its own comedy , given that he sold 50 million records in his heyday , lost his money and used to be the subject of magazine cover stories with headlines like “ Going Broke on $ 33 Million a Year . ”
But that was yesterday ; now Hammer has a dance Web site , DanceJam.com ; an iPhone application ; and more than 250,000 followers on Twitter .
At the panel discussion , the venture capitalists are turning everyone in the audience narcoleptic , but not Hammer , who emerges as a kind of human alarm clock .
When asked why his Twitter followers would care about what he had to eat that morning , he engages the room by saying , “ We might talk about what I ’m having for breakfast for a while , but you can bet you ’re paying for lunch . ”
Elizabeth J. Becton , Congressional Staffer - Salary Data
Full salary information from the past 18 months is available to all users .
Information on the employers and positions for salaries older than 18 months is shown only to LegiStorm Pro subscribers .
Click here to see more LegiStorm Pro benefits and subscribe , or log in to your Pro account .
LegiStorm 's salary data goes back to Oct. 1 , 2000 .
We do not have information prior to this date .
List by : Fiscal Year Calendar Year
* Senate data is reported by Fiscal Year and cannot be displayed by calendar years .
Employing Office Start date End date Position Amount Notes PDF Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/10 End Date 01/30/10 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/10 End Date 01/02/10 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/09 End Date 12/31/09 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2010 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/09 End Date 09/30/09 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/09 End Date 06/30/09 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/09 End Date 03/31/09 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/09 End Date 01/02/09 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/08 End Date 12/31/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2009 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/08 End Date
09/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/08 End Date
06/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/05/08 End Date
03/31/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2008 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/07 End Date 01/03/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/07 End Date 01/02/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/06 End Date 12/31/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2007 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/06 End Date 09/30/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/06 End Date 06/30/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/06 End Date 03/31/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/06 End Date 01/02/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
09/01/05 End Date 12/31/05 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2006 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/04 End Date 11/02/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/04 End Date 11/02/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Other Compensation FY 2005 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
09/01/04 End Date
09/30/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/04 End Date 08/31/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/04 End Date 06/30/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/04 End Date 03/31/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/04 End Date 01/02/04 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date 10/01/03 End Date 12/31/03 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2004 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/03 End Date 09/30/03 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
05/12/03 End Date
06/30/03 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date 02/01/03 End Date 02/28/03 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
12/02/02 End Date 01/31/03 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/02 End Date 12/01/02 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2003 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/02 End Date
09/30/02 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/01 End Date
03/31/02 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2002 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/01 End Date
09/30/01 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/00 End Date
03/31/01 Position ... Amount ...
Notes loading more records
Congressional staff salaries shown are the amount paid in the period shown .
They are not annual salaries .
Because bonuses may be included here and other payments may not be ( most notably with aides working for multiple offices or for a political campaign committee ) , please use caution in extrapolating annual salaries from the figures shown here .
We have taken great care to have this website reflect the official record , but we have discovered a handful of errors both in the official record and our own transcription .
If you believe our information is in error , please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible .
We take accuracy very seriously .
LegiStorm 's salary data goes back to Oct. 1 , 2000 .
We do not have information prior to this date .
* To determine the annualized salary rate for each staffer based on this period of release , hover over the amount paid .
The first number calculates an annualized rate of pay based solely on this particular record .
The second number annualizes the staffer 's salary based on all salary received by this chamber in this salary period .
Treat annualized salaries with caution .
Payments may include one - time bonus amounts that could unduly inflate annual salary calculations .
Some staff are part - time or interns , even though they may or may not be labeled as such , and their records are easy to misinterpret .
Dates and salary payment amounts are from official sources , which can sometimes be wrong .
Salaries paid during short time frames are particularly susceptible to error in extrapolating salaries .
Payments are gross salary amounts and do not reflect take - home income after taxes .
This video features a group of researchers working at the interface of cutting edge technology to create the world ’s first bionic eye .
The bionic eye contains a tiny neuro - stimulated chip of the size of only 2 by 4 millimeters and can be implanted inside the eye .
It also contains a set of electrodes which would be placed at the back of the retina .
To enable the blind to see , these electrodes are electrically stimulated to convey information down the optic nerve via the visual cortex to the brain .
The brain then interprets these signals and remodels them biologically .
Related Video 1 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ0G9odShF4
Related Video 2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=696dxY6BYBM
If you live in the EU , you have 48 hours to contact your MEP and urge her or him to vote for the " Citizens ' Rights Amendments " to the Telecoms Package .
These amendments will keep the Internet neutral , restrict censorship and spying . "
Jeremie Zimmerman sez ,
Threats to citizens ' basic rights and freedoms
and to the neutrality of Internet could be voted without any safeguard
in the EU legislation regarding electronic communication networks
( Telecoms Package ) .
EU citizens have two days to call all Members of the
European Parliament ( MEPs ) to ask them to vote for the " Citizens ' Rights
Amendments " , in the second reading of the Telecoms Package .
These
amendments include all the safeguards that were removed in the
" compromise amendments " , as well as provisions protecting against " net
discrimination " practices and filtering of content …
URGENT : Ask MEPs to adopt Citizens ' Rights Amendments on May the 6th .
Information on contacting your MEP
( Thanks , JZ ! )
People with albinism are living in fear in Tanzania and Burundi
The trial has begun in Burundi of 11 defendants accused of attacking and killing 12 albino people , starting with the murder of a young girl .
It is thought to be the first trial linked to the recent spate of albino killings in East Africa , which has claimed more than 50 lives .
The 11 denied charged of murder and attempted murder .
Police believe albino body parts are smuggled out of Burundi and sold in Tanzania , to be used in witchcraft .
Magic potions
If convicted , the defendants could be sentenced to life in prison .
Witchdoctors in the region tell clients that potions made with albino body parts will bring them luck in love , life and business .
In addition to the killing of albinos in Burundi , more than 40 albinos have been killed in Tanzania .
An association campaigning for the rights of albinos in Burundi says the authorities are now taking the killings seriously , but more needs to be done .
At least 200 people have been arrested over the trade in Tanzania , but none has been convicted .
O Alexandre Oliva , da FSFLA , me enviou no início da noite as cerca de 200 fotos que o público do FISL tirou ao lado de Richard Stallman , no horário que o consagrado dançarino folk agendou para que os interessados providenciassem estas lembrancinhas do momento mágico que tiveram ao lado de sua inconfundível figura no FISL .
As fotos eu ainda estou organizando e indexando para publicar , conforme combinei com o próprio Stallman e com o Oliva , após minha proposta inicial de evitar aquela cobrança de uma contribuição financeira a cada foto que foi tão comentada na visita anterior do estimado luminar ao FISL .
Mas por enquanto disponibilizo o vídeo inédito , acima , que mostra a dança da liberdade no FISL , protagonizando um Gnu e o fundador do GNU .
Note como ele se aproxima sorrateiro , como se estivesse primeiro verificando a presença de blobs e componentes não -livres !
O vídeo é do Alexandre Oliva , e acredito que todos os envolvidos preferem que você assista à versão acima , em FLV e com player em Flash ( o player embutido está sob uma licença CC ) , apenas se estiver usando um aplicativo livre para esta tarefa – caso contrário , conte com esta versão codificada em OGG Theora – e veja também o complemento , com a reação do Gnu .
E se o assunto não lhe interessa tanto , veja também o vídeo da Shakira , acima , em que o BR - Linux se junta à homenagem que o emérito Stallman prestou ao idioma de Cervantes em sua palestra de abertura .
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) -- Members of Iran 's national soccer team wore green arm and wrist bands Wednesday during their World Cup qualifying match against South Korea .
Members of Iran 's National Soccer Team sport green bands in their game against South Korea on Wednesday .
more photos »
The team does not normally wear green bands .
Many Iranians are viewing the team 's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , although that has not been confirmed .
Green is the campaign color of Moussavi and has been widely worn by his supporters who have staged massive rallies in Tehran before and after last week 's presidential election .
Moussavi is disputing the results of the vote that gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term and is calling for a new election .
The players took the wrist bands off when the team came out for the second half of the game that was taking place in Seoul , South Korea .
It is unclear whether the players were asked to remove the wrist bands .
The match ended 1 - 1 .
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
7/27/09 : " During a face - to - face meeting on Wednesday , July 21 , between Equality Florida and AAA South , top management at the 4th largest AAA affiliate in the country committed to recognizing all spouses , regardless of gender or sexual orientation .
The policy allows gay married couples to receive spousal discounts under AAA 's Associate Membership program " ( Planet Transgender ) .
Send AAA
South a thank you letter with Equality Florida 's E - form for their commitment to equality
AAA South is made up of Florida , Georgia , Tennessee and Puerto Rico and that they have taken an increasingly hard line in rejecting the recognition of gay and lesbian couples
AAA refused to provide a family or associate membership to the callers partner to even those who were legally married elsewhere or have civil union or domestic partnership status .
6/29/09 : The American Automobile Association ( AAA ) is a 50 million member North - American lobbying , insurance and service organization .
The organization is n't a single entity but comprised of several smaller regional clubs .
Equality Florida is reporting that " The problem is that there are some reports that " "
In fairness to the company there are also many statements by couples who claim they had no problems and faced no discrimination .
Other AAA 's around the country are fully inclusive and recognize LGBT families .
Contact AAA
South membership services and urge them to promote fairness and adopt a uniform standard for dealing with LGBT individuals and couples .
Membership services : 1-800-222-1134
The American Civil Liberties Union sued the U.S. government Thursday to try to prove there is a close link between the White House under President George W. Bush and a program of rough interrogation techniques used against suspected terrorists .
The ACLU said in the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan that it wanted to force the public release of all records on the subject issued by Bush , former Vice President Dick Cheney and other administration officials .
Defendants named in the lawsuit were the CIA , the Department of Defense , the Department of Justice and the Department of State .
On Monday , CIA Director Leon Panetta said in court papers responding to a related lawsuit that releasing documents about the agency 's terror interrogations would gravely damage national security .
A Justice Department probe is under way to learn more about the CIA 's destruction of 92 videotapes of detainee interrogations that took place in 2002 .
Officials have said a dozen of those tapes show so - called enhanced interrogation techniques , which critics call torture .
Yusill Scribner , a spokeswoman for U.S. government lawyers in Manhattan , declined to comment .
A message for comment left with the Justice Department in Washington was not immediately returned .
The ACLU and other civil rights groups in October 2003 brought a similar lawsuit seeking to use the Freedom of Information Act to get records about the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody abroad .
As a result , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released .
Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU National Security Project , said the latest legal action was taken after published reports suggested the White House had a direct role in the efforts to change interrogation techniques after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Jaffer said that when the ACLU first sought documents related to detainee abuse in 2003 , it suspected that abuses carried out by the Defense Department and CIA might reflect a broader pattern .
" But we did not consider the possibility that lawyers in the Justice Department and people at the highest levels of the Bush administration were engaged in developing and implementing a far - reaching and brutal torture program , " he said .
" That is something that was a shock to us , just like it was a shock to most other people . "
He said the lawsuits were an effort to create a " complete public record of how the torture program was developed and on whose authority . "
The Justice Department has been studying the conduct of the lawyers who wrote legal memos authorizing the CIA to take harsh measures to force terror suspect to talk , including sleep deprivation and waterboarding _ a form of simulated drowning .
The memos were made public earlier this year by the administration of President Barack Obama , prompting some critics of the Bush administration to call for criminal prosecutions against those who authorized the measures .
Obama has said no CIA officials will be prosecuted for following the legal advice they received .
" Hva erre du glaner på , din schwære dust uten vinger ! ? "
" Whatcha looking at , you big , fat , wingless beast ! ? "
July 25 , 2009
Adopt a Duck ~ Feed the Hungry
win One Million Dollars !
Date :
Where :
Schedule :
Grand Prize :
Sponsored by :
Adopt a Duck
Why Adopt a Duck ?
What does " Adopting a Duck " Really Mean ?
We 've decided to make The Omaha Food Bank the primary beneficiary of our charitable efforts at Gastronomic Fight Club .
We hope to share more information about that in the coming months .
Right now , however , everyone can help the Food Bank with their largest fundraiser of the year which is just starting to ramp up this weekend .
Over 50,000 ducks will be dropped into the lake at Heartland of America Park and will race for a quarter mile until one duck is the Grand Prize Winner of a Nissan Versa !
And one lucky duck will have a chance to The day will start with FREE family - friendly activities for all ages , great food , live music , and will culminate in the racing of the derby ducks for a grand prize of the Nissan Versa !
July 25 , 2009 Heartland of America ParkNissan VersaFunds raised benefitand the thousands of people struggling to put food on the table for their families .
$ 5 " Just Quacky " ( 1 ) 1 Duck Adoption $ 25 " Six Quack " ( 6 ) Adopt 5 Ducks , Get 1 Free$ 40 " Sack of Quacks " ( 10 ) Adopt 8 Ducks , Get 2 Free$ 100 " Max Quacks " ( 25 ) Adopt 20 Ducks , Get 5 FreeGet more information on adopting ducks for " O ! What a Duck Race ! "
All proceeds go to the Omaha Food Bank to support their many local programs .
The food bank has set a goal of getting 50,000 derby ducks adopted for this fund raiser .
The derby ducks will be dropped into the lake and the first six to cross the finish line will be the winners .
The Grand Prize is a 2009 Nissan Versa , with an Alaskan Cruise and family membership to Prairie Life Fitness also among the prizes .
More importantly , consider the benefits provided by your donation .
$ 5 spent adopting ducks feeds a family of four for 1 day .
$ 25 spent adopting ducks feeds a family of four for 1 week $ 100 spent adopting ducks feeds a family of four for 1 month .
The Food Bank is more than a faceless building or a lifeless warehouse .
The Food Bank is a lifeline to children , families and senior citizens ... and they are The Food Bank .
In the past few years , they have distributed between 5 and 7 million pounds of food to over 360 member agencies in eastern Nebraska and Western Iowa .
In addition to the food distribution , The Food Bank supports four direct programs : A huge thanks to everyone who is able to help with this effort .
Labels : CHARITY , Foodies of Omaha , LOCAL EVENTS , OMAHA , Omaha Food Bank
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Kenneth T. Walsh at US News & World Report gives details of President Obama ’s handling of the Somali pirates ’ holding of Captain Richard Phillips hostage .
The crisis began early in the morning of April 8 , when Somali pirates boarded the Maersk Alabama .
The crew captured one pirate , and three others took Captain Phillips hostage .
He talked them , along with one other , into getting into the lifeboat and keeping him as the hostage , as a way of saving his crew .
The US Navy , aware of the danger to Phillips ’s life if it took precipitate action , brought in experienced FBI hostage negotiators .
This attempt to end the crisis through hostage negotiation was made fun of by the American right wing :
April 9 , 2009 , Fox Cable News :
‘ GLENN BECK : Have you heard this one ?
The U.S. Navy is now looking to the FBI for advice on how to free an American cargo ship captain .
Oh , no , they ’re sending over a hostage negotiator .
Yes , I hope we ’re bringing them some hot cocoa over to the Somali pirates !
The U.S. warship is near the pirates ’ drifting light boat and the Navy does n’t know how to fix this one .
Wow !’
What Beck does not say is that a frontal US naval attack on the lifeboat at that stage might well have killed Phillips .
Beck actually made fun of the US Navy , implying that it was dawdling about instead of going in with guns blazing .
What kind of person makes fun of the professionals of the US Navy and the FBI while they are trying to do their jobs in saving a true American hero ?
This kind of snark is not patriotic or manly .
It is just a little girl ’s hissy fit masquerading as macho .
Meanwhile , even Rush Limbaugh ’s supporters were embarrassed by his inability to stop bashing the president long enough to celebrate the escape of the crew .
Ann Althouse lamented of Limbaugh , “ He ’d slotted the story into his Obama - does n’t - know - what - to - do template and was riffing away about Obama ’s indecision and what he must be fretting about and how he ’d probably want to apologize to the pirates and so forth . ”
Walsh explains of Friday , April 10 : “ In Obama ’s first national security test , he secretly gave the Pentagon the go - ahead at 8 p.m. Friday to use force if Phillips ’s life was in imminent danger . ”
So , Rush , I guess Obama was n’t in a mood to apologize after all .
Unless in Limbaugh Limbo , making preparations to whack someone is seen as a mea culpa .
What of Obama ’s silence , which allowed the blowhards to bloviate ?
Walsh adds , “ Throughout the crisis , Obama avoided saber rattling in public .
His aides said that would have made negotiations for Phillips ’s release more difficult . ”
In other words , Obama avoided posturing and talking like a cowboy about the pirates in order to avoid complicating a hostage crisis and endangering the life of the hostage .
Obama took heat for his silence , but he took it like a man .
Behind the scenes , he received 17 separate briefings .
At exactly the same time that the deft young president authorized lethal force , one of McCain ’s advisers , the far rightwing pundit Ralph Peters , was ridiculing Obama as ineffectual and clueless :
April 10 , 2009 :
O’Reilly Factor , Fox Cable News ( John Kasich , guest host ; guest , far rightwing pundit Ralph Peters )
‘ KASICH : What about the silence that we are seeing out of the White House , colonel ?
What do you think ’s behind that ?
Is this helpful in some way ?
PETERS : I think our president is probably just hoping it goes away .
I mean , sad to say , I wish him well because I wish America well , but he seems like the worst possible combination of Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton .
And he — you know , he ’s the dog that caught the fire truck .
He ’s never studied foreign policy , military affairs .
And now he has to actually make decisions .
And I suspect President Obama does n’t know what to do .
So I hope he listens to our military . ’
Actually , in our democracy , Mr. Peters , it is the military that is supposed to listen to its commander - in - chief .
And , calling our first African - American president a “ dog ” that “ caught the fire truck ” is at the very least extremely offensive and at worst a slur .
You will note , by the way , Mr. Peters , that Obama handed you and others in the McCain campaign your asses last November .
So I think we know whom the American public trusts to make the important decisions , and it is n’t you .
On the same day , April 10 , Rush Limbaugh has the revelation that Phillips is not being held by pirates at all but by “ community organizers ” ( hint , hint , by people like Obama ) : “ Look , the Somali pirates and community organizers , they shake down private sector businesses , the Somali pirates claim they do n’t want to hurt anybody , although the captain did escape , but they recaptured him , and now they ’re threatening violence .
You gotta laugh .
This is not funny .
But you have to laugh at a bunch of community organizers in basically a lifeboat surrounded by US destroyers , which appear to be powerless .
You have to laugh at this .
All the merchant marine organizers want is money from evil capitalists with big boats , the same as the ACORN community organizers out of Chicago , the same as the community organizers harassing and protesting AIG executives in Connecticut and New York . ”
Actually , as far as I can see , AIG is the pirate .
I ca n’t keep track .
Did they hold up the US taxpayer for $ 185 billion ?
And you might say , well , it benefitted the US banks .
But , no , not so much : A lot of it went to European banks .
Then there were the $ 240 million in bonuses that your and my pockets were picked for by AIG with Rush ’s connivance .
Rush , the corrupt and inept financier ’s best friend .
Not to mention that many Somali fishermen have been , well , deprived of their livelihoods by that nice unregulated capitalism that Mr. Limbaugh thinks so well of .
There is no excuse for piracy , but that the fishermen are being reduced to penury does make it easier for the criminals to recruit them .
Limbo Limbaugh then posted a picture of Obama at a picnic table , implying that he was doing nothing .
Now it is Saturday , April 11 .
Walsh explains , “ In a follow - up order at 9:20 Saturday morning , he gave more specific authorization that included allowing a Navy commander to order snipers to take out the pirates if the situation became dire , U.S. officials said . ”
On Sunday , the US snipers were sent into action when it appeared that the pirates were menacing Captain Phillips with their weapons .
They killed three and freed Phillips , capturing the fourth .
While the whiny Right was ridiculing the president as a do - nothing , or calling for blowing the lifeboat out of the water , or calumniating Obama with charges that he was “ apologetic ” to the hostage - takers and even “ bringing them hot chocolate , ” the president was quietly , competently , taking stock of the situation and putting in place the policies and personnel that would lead to a successful resolution and the freeing of a hero .
Reminds me of the Carly Simon Bond theme , “ Nobody does it better / Makes me feel sad for the rest . ”
End / ( Not Continued )
CBS 11 News reported :
Members of the North Texas gay community are angry and they want answers .
News of a raid Saturday Night of the Rainbow Lounge night club on South Jennings Avenue has sparked an outcry .
Images posted on the Dallas Voice website have generated strong emotions from the community .
Fort Worth police say early Sunday morning members of their department , along with 2 officers from the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission conducted a raid at the brand new bar near downtown fort worth .
Police say seven people were arrested for public intoxication and at least a dozen more were restrained .
The incident was captured on camera and posted on local blogs .
The scene was topic of conversation at Sunday ’s Million Gay March in Dallas , and the Cathedral of Hope in Dallas released a statement following its Sunday morning worship services .
“ After more than a generation of progress , this action shows that there is still much work to be done to ensure that all Americans enjoy ‘ equal protection under the law . ’
It is tragic that lesbian and gay taxpayers are still abused by the very people who are paid by our taxes . ”
The community is upset because the raid happened on the 40 years anniversary of the “ Stonewall raid . ”
That raid , of a New York bar , is said to have launched the gay and lesbian civil rights movement .
It became clear this spring that General Motors was going to have to get smaller to survive , but this was ridiculous .
A week after President Obama gave the company a 60 day deadline to avoid bankruptcy , GM took time out from its turnaround efforts to unveil the PUMA , a two - seat vehicle being developed with Segway that looked more like a rickshaw than a car .
The vehicle , capable of going only 35 mph and traveling 35 miles between charges , got lots of attention , but did little to change popular opinion about the company that had ridden large SUVs to the cusp of failure .
On June 1 , GM filed for bankruptcy .
Patrick Moorhead , vice president of advanced marketing at Advanced Micro Devices , is a prolific blogger and tweeter about issues of concern to the chip maker .
One of his biggest pet peeves is how battery life is measured in laptops , a topic that he thinks is going to become very hot .
Advanced Micro DevicesPatrick Moorhead , AMD 's vice president of advanced marketing How hot ?
Well , Moorhead predicts that if the industry does n't come up with better ways to give consumers realistic estimates of battery life , the issue will be forced ...
Maria Sharpova ’s blinking dress
Former Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova presented a prototype dress to reporters that is designed to light up when the wearer ’s mobile telephone rings .
( Pics )
British fashion student Georgie Davis dreamed up the knee - length sleeveless white dress as part of a school project with mobile phone - maker Sony Ericsson to figure out ways of incorporating new technology into fashion .
Davis said the dress is designed to eventually be connected to the wearer ’s phone by Bluetooth wireless technology , so she can be alerted to a call even in noisiest of places .
“ When you ’re in a pub or a bar , you can never , ever hear your phone , ” 20 - year - old Davis told Reuters on Wednesday .
The right shoulder of the dress is embellished with translucent white scales that move and light up .
Sharapova showed off the dress to a gaggle of photographers and a crowd of passers - by from the window a luxury department store in central London .
Via Reuters
Reddit Share 0 Shares
Contact : Aditi Risbud , ( 510) 486-4861 , [ email protected ]
Berkeley Lab researchers have developed simple recipes to whip up ‘ cage - like ’ container structures for the creation of complex molecular machines .
A sprinkle of this , a dash of that , sit back and let chemistry do its magic .
Smells like a cooking analogy , but Berkeley Lab researchers have used just such a simple recipe to whip up ‘ cage - like ’ container structures to create complex molecular machines that can be programmed to rotate , switch and perform mechanical work .
Previous research has shown efficient synthetic techniques can be used to construct complicated molecular machines that function by moving the individual parts within an overall molecular architecture .
An example of this is a rotaxane - a complex molecule made of interlocking components that resemble wheels and axles .
The tiniest building blocks in a scientist ’s toy chest , these nanoscale parts ‘ clip ’ together to form functional molecular machines .
Unlike their macroscale counterparts , however , these interlocked molecules require no tinkering -“ you can throw all the pieces together and let it assemble on its own , ” said Yi Liu , a staff scientist in the Organic and Macromolecular Synthesis Facility in the Molecular Foundry , a U.S. Department of Energy User Facility located at Berkeley Lab that provides support to nanoscience researchers around the world .
‘ The challenge is how to engineer a synthetic route to make the assembly happen on demand . ”
Liu and colleagues have done just this , creating a caged structure made of benzene - like rings that assemble themselves around an axle of bipyridinium ( a similar but positively - charged molecule containing nitrogen ) to create an interlocked architecture .
The cage itself could hold ions or small biological molecules , making it potentially useful for sensing applications .
“ Our findings are especially attractive as the entire structure is formed through a ‘ one - pot ’ synthesis from six individual ingredients .
Once the driving force , in this case the weak interactions between molecules , is identified , we can tailor the clipping to give us just the interlocked structure in an efficient manner , without undesirable polymer byproducts , ” Liu said .
“ What could be simpler ? ”
The researchers anticipate the caged structure could be used as molecular containers for sensing , or as molecular switches by selectively sliding the cage along the axle , with ‘ on ’ and ‘ off ’ settings at either end .
“ The easy steps and simple precursors suggest these structures can be readily obtained in large - scale to support their applications , ” Liu adds .
“ Linear p-acceptor templated dynamic clipping to macrobicycles and [ 2 ] rotaxanes , ” by Liana M. Klivansky , Gayane Koshkakaryan , Dennis Cao and Yi Liu , appears in Angewandte Chemie International Edition and is available in Angewandte Chemie online .
The Office of Science , Office of Basic Energy Sciences , of the United States Department of Energy , supported this work , under contract No. DE - AC02-05 CH11231 .
The Molecular Foundry is one of the five DOE Nanoscale Science Research Centers ( NSRCs ) , premier national user facilities for interdisciplinary research at the nanoscale .
Together the NSRCs comprise a suite of complementary facilities that provide researchers with state - of - the - art capabilities to fabricate , process , characterize and model nanoscale materials , and constitute the largest infrastructure investment of the National Nanotechnology Initiative .
The NSRCs are located at DOE ’s Argonne , Brookhaven , Lawrence Berkeley , Oak Ridge and Sandia and Los Alamos National Laboratories .
For more information about the DOE NSRCs , please visit http://nano.energy.gov.
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy national laboratory located in Berkeley , California .
It conducts unclassified scientific research and is managed by the University of California .
Visit our website at http://www.lbl.gov.
Additional Information
For more information about The Molecular Foundry visit the Website at http://foundry.lbl.gov/
For more information about the DOE Nanoscience Research Centers visit the Website at http://nano.energy.gov
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " Agenda items four through seven do n't involve me . "
Wally says , " I 'll use that time to take a refreshing table nap .
Experts say it 's good for productivity . "
The boss says , " I need to talk to those experts . "
Zzzzzzz
A multiplayer on - line game called “ Slayers ” allows humans control other humans in mass - scale .
Simon ( Logan Lerman ) controls Kable ( Gerard Butler ) the on- line champion of the game , and with his every move tracked by millions , his ultimate challenge becomes regaining his identity and independence by defeating the game ’s mastermind ( Michael C. Hall ) through launching an attack on the system that has imprisoned him .
Gamer | Gerard Butler and Michael C. Hall
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Iranian authorities have asked the BBC 's correspondent in Tehran to leave the country within 24 hours .
The BBC said the office would remain open despite the departure of Jon Leyne , the broadcaster 's permanent correspondent there .
The request came a day after protests about the presidential election left at least 10 people dead in the capital .
Foreign media , including the BBC , are under severe restrictions , preventing reporters leaving their offices .
Jon Leyne reported for BBC radio , TV and online .
Iran has singled out Britain and the BBC in its widespread condemnation of what it calls meddling by foreign powers in its affairs .
In the days following the 12 June election , BBC Persian TV was disrupted by " deliberate interference " from inside Iran , the corporation said .
In response , the BBC increased the number of satellites that carry its BBC Persian television service for Farsi- speakers in Iran , Afghanistan and Tajikistan .
' Deeply concerned '
The authorities in Iran have also ordered the Dubai - based al - Arabiya TV channel to close its Tehran bureau for " unfair reporting " of the election .
" The authorities accuse al - Arabiya of diffusing news that is not necessarily fair from their point of view , " said al - Arabiya 's executive news manager , Nabil al - Khatib .
" The channel has not done anything that was in violation of Iranian law , " Mr Khatib said in a statement on al - Arabiya 's website .
In another development , the whereabouts of a Canadian journalist remain unknown .
Maziar Bahari , who works for the US news magazine Newsweek , was detained without charge on Sunday and has not been seen or heard from since .
Newsweek 's editor Jon Meacham said : " We are deeply concerned about Mr Bahari 's detention .
As a long time Newsweek reporter he has worked hard to be balanced in his coverage . "
" We see no reason why he should be held by the authorities , " he added .
More than 30 journalists and bloggers have been detained since the protests began , the campaign group Reporters Without Borders says .
How important Antioxidants are to us ?
Posted on June 16 , 2008 .
Filed under : Nutrition | Tags : Antioxidents , Increasing Immunity , Nutrition |
Antioxidants are considered as health benefactor from time immemorial .
To protect yourself from diseases and stay healthy and fit , make it a point to include antioxidant supplements in your everyday diet .
Keep a good physical and mental well being by consuming antioxidant foods .
Various organic substances can be classified into antioxidants .
Some best examples can be Vitamin A , E and C. Antioxidants can be found in carotenoids like beta - carotene as well .
Fruits and vegetables get their color from beta carotene .
So they are the best source for antioxidants .
Antioxidants are must because :
They reduce the damage caused to the biochemical from the free radicals in our body .
Antioxidants reduce the chances of aging !!
So look young by including a good amount of antioxidant foods in your diet chart .
Prevent diseases that are a reason of cellular damage
People who drink and smoke a lot can also benefit from antioxidants , as they repair their immune system .
Antioxidants play a lead role in preventing the development of arterial blockages .
For people with high levels of cholesterol and heart related problems , Antioxidants is a sure cure remedy to reduce chances of stroke .
By consuming foods rich in beta carotene , Vitamin A , E and C and Lycopene you can get an advantage of the high levels of antioxidants in them .
From carrots to sweet potatoes and green leafy vegetables , tomato to papaya and guava all are highly rich in antioxidants .
These are easily available at the nearest departmental store .
So include antioxidants in your food today !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
Average : Select rating Cancel rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome
No votes yet
CHICAGO – Paramount Pictures has just released the HD teaser trailer for the new M. Night Shyamalan film “ The Last Airbender , ” which stars Jackson Rathbone , Nicola Peltz , Cliff Curtis , Dev Patel ( from the Oscar - winning film “ Slumdog Millionaire ” ) , Noah Ringer , Jessica Andres , Seychelle Gabriel , Shaun Toub , Aasif Mandvi and Keong Sim .
“ The Last Airbender ” is slated to hit theaters on July 2 , 2010 .
In addition to “ The Last Airbender , ” M. Night Shyamalan has also directed “ The Happening , ” “ Lady in the Water , ” “ The Village , ” “ Signs , ” “ Unbreakable ” and “ The Sixth Sense ” .
Watch the new HD trailer for “ The Last Airbender ” below !
Here is “ The Last Airbender ” plot description :
Last week Microsoft announced it would try its best to avoid antitrust charges in Europe by shipping Windows 7 without Internet Explorer 8 .
Unfortunately , it seems few abroad are satisfied with that move .
Some felt it was a gracious move by the Redmond - based company , which has been under antitrust investigation by the European Union since complaints were first made in 2001 .
EC : Still Not Enough
Surprisingly , European regulators still are n't impressed .
In a statement released over the weekend , the European Commission rejected Microsoft 's offer , stating that it felt the move would not increase the competitiveness of the browser market or allow smaller names like Opera or Mozilla to compete with Microsoft in that space .
( Source : reuters.com )
Many insiders believe the quick rejection was made because of the 2004 Windows Media Player debacle , when Microsoft removed the program from its operating systems .
Many consumers simply demanded it be put back in , and the impact on sales was marginal at best .
It 's expected that under Microsoft 's plan consumers would be asked by retailers what browser they 'd like to try when they make a new Windows 7 - based PC purchase .
Given the name recognition of Microsoft and Internet Explorer , it 's unlikely anyone will blurt out the name of a small time browser .
Regulators Want Browser Ballots
Instead , the European Commission wants every copy of Windows 7 to include a browser election of sorts .
Regulators suggest that the best method would be to have every browser available at the time of purchase , giving the buyer a chance to try out them all .
That , of course , is not what Microsoft wants .
It wants a one - time commitment by the new consumer , and because everyone recognizes their name , it 's likely most will go with IE8 anyhow .
( Source : nytimes.com )
Two months ago I was asked for an interview for the popular Italian programming magazine Io Programmo .
Haxe made the front page with a 6 pages review plus the interview .
Since it was in Italian , I got the permission to publish the ( original ) english version here , in case it might interest some of you ;)
Who is Nicolas Cannasse : studies , interests , job(s ) .
I 'll try to make it short :)
I 'm almost 30 , I 've been programming since I 'm kid ( first in Basic , then Pascal , then C/C++/ ASM ... ) and did some additional CS studies in Bordeaux .
My main interests are programming languages and virtual machines ( design and implementations ) , but also video games ( both technologies and game design ) .
I 've been working a bit in Japan , but came back to France where I co-founded Motion - Twin .
This is a small company ( 11 people right now ) and we 're doing web - based games in Flash .
I have also a lot of interests in open source , japan pop culture and geopolitics but that 's another story ;)
Haxe is walking on a new path of developing ; while java used the " write once run everywhere " and .net preferred a " write using the language you prefer , but run only on our platform " , Haxe is taking a different approach , like a " write once , compile / deploy / run as you like " , it looks like an octopus : when , and why did this idea flash in your mind ?
It comes from my work at Motion - Twin : when we are making web games , we need to develop a Flash client , a Web server and often additional Javascript .
Switching between several languages to do that is hard .
Also , every language usually comes with its own platform , and is then lock - in its users from doing something else .
If you 're learning Java , you 'll have to use the JVM , if you 're learning ActionScript3 , you 'll have to do Flash .
OTOH
Haxe is letting the user free from choosing the best platform to perform a given task .
Since you 're using the same language everywhere , it 's much more easy to try something new .
The goal of Haxe is then to target all mainstream platforms , and keep updating the list as new platforms will emerge , so users can always have the choice .
What programming language do you use daily , and which one you like much ?
I 'm writing a lot of Haxe , and some OCaml .
I also often use C. I like of course to write things in Haxe , because I could design it the way I was feeling comfortable with .
In your old blog you told that you do n't like macOS for some reasons , using it to develop i had the same feeling : do you believe that Mac OS is much for " fashion " users than for professional developers ?
The story is still on the new blog ;)
It 's true that MacOS has been fashionable , because it 's made by Apple which have a strong image .
It 's also a good system since it 's based on a BSD core so Linux users will find it a lot more friendly than Windows .
However , it has IMHO several big issues : the documentation for the OS is very poor , and it 's very hard to develop for it in C++ for example .
There 's a lot of closed things : you can't run OSX on virtualization software , a lot of useful software is not open source , a lot of proprietary file formats .
From an external point of view , it seems that OSX is much more proprietary then Windows .
Of course , Microsoft is not as fashion as Apple , so that makes a big difference .
Please note that I 'm not a Windows enthusiast either !
What is your favorite IDE , and your favorite Operative System ?
Right now I 'm mainly using FlashDevelop on Windows for my daily work .
I 'm not that much religious about OS and IDE : I think that people should use what they think suit them the best .
For instance , the completion is handled directly by the Haxe compiler , so it 's made very easy to integrate completion into any IDE .
You merged features from different languages , can you tell what are ?
which one is the real " father " ?
There 's features from Java , ActionScript , OCaml , and other languages I either used or studied .
The idea is to make a language with a strong type system , yet have the flexibility of dynamically typed languages .
But the real father of Haxe is " Motion - Types " .
It 's a language we 've been developing at Motion - Twin in 2004 - 2006 .
At first , it was a replacement for ActionScript2 , and we later used it on the server side
as well .
We used Motion - Types quite a lot in our company for different projects so at some point when we thought about changing things and doing a " clean - rewrite " , that 's what became Haxe .
The initial compiler was developed in Objective Caml , why did you choose this language ?
A compiler is often viewed as black magic , but it 's actually real programming .
What a compiler does is to manipulate symbolic data structures , and functional languages such as OCaml are a perfect match for doing that .
It 's also one of the most fast languages around since it produces highly optimized binaries .
Now the compiler is written in NekoML , why you decide to create and port all the compiler code to this new language ?
The Haxe compiler is still written in OCaml .
However one the platforms that Haxe targets , the NekoVM , use a OCaml - style language named NekoML for his compiler .
How many developer are working on the main project ?
I 've been developing most of the Haxe compiler , with some help for people at Motion - Twin for many standard libraries .
Franco Ponticelli has been doing the whole Haxe / PHP target and right now Hugh Sanderson has a working Haxe / C++ target which is not yet part of the official compiler .
What was the first target platform you did develop ?
and why ?
It was Flash 6 - 8 at first .
Mainly because a lot of people were waiting for what will come after MTASC , so I wanted them to be able to play with it .
But Haxe 1.0 already had JS , Flash 6 - 8 and Neko .
Flash9 + and PHP were added after that .
JS , Actionscript , PHP , C++ , what other languages we will see in the future ?
I guess Java is a good candidate ;)
It 's mainstream and offer several additional interesting possibilities such as developing for Android .
Why a programmer should choose the NekoVM instead of targeting the C++ or Actionscript languages ?
NekoVM can be used for several kind of applications :
web service : with database and filesystem access , you can run NekoVM into Apache web server in order to generate dynamic web pages .
Same as PHP , but around 30 x faster
realtime servers : to write your custom game or chat server for instance .
desktop applications : since NekoVM can be extended with any C code , some people already developed UI frameworks binding such as GTK or OpenGL support for it .
So if you use Haxe / Neko , you can write OpenGL desktop applications as well !
As you can see , Haxe is not about offering support for competing platforms , but more about opening more possibilities for different kind of applications , all written in the same language .
You are a founder of a game company , Motion Twin , are you using Haxe in your projects ?
Yes , all of them .
Everything we do on client side ( Flash / JS ) and server side ( Web / Realtime ) is written in Haxe .
Most of our commandline development tools as well .
Did you ever think to develop games for the Iphone / IPod ?
and if no , why ?
We are very happy with the web right now .
We do n't see much games that could be made for the IPhone and that can't be made on the web right now .
And there 's ( still ) much more web users than Iphone users right now ;)
You developed also the first compiler not Adobe for AS 2.0 , MTASC , this project will continue ?
It 's still continuing .
The issue is that AS2 was stopped by Adobe in favor of AS3 .
So MTASC is a working compiler , with no known bugs , so no need for new versions .
People sometimes thinks that MTASC is dead , but it 's just completed .
Since we 're not selling it , we do n't need to comeup with new version every year by adding more - or - less buggy features ;)
What do you believe is / are the current limit /s of Haxe ?
are you planning to fix / remove them ?
I think that current main
Haxe issue is not in the language itself or in the technology , but in the documentation .
Now that things have been much more stable , we will focus on that in order to make it much more easy for people to get started with Haxe .
What will you believe will became in the future Haxe and the nekoVM ?
I think more people will start using Haxe : we 've seen growing interest in the past year , and people that start using Haxe often love it and find it hard to go back to Java or PHP or ActionScript , whatever they have been doing before .
As far you know there are already companies using it to develop medium / large projects ?
Yes .
Apart from Motion - Twin , there 's already some of them .
For example one early adopter of Haxe is Comapping.com : most of their work is using Haxe .
[ Note : TouchMyPixel has also made some great Haxe games ]
Do you believe that Haxe , if used with cleverness , may be one of the answers to exit from the current economic crisis for many IT companies , allowing them to save time , money and resources thanx to the possibility to deploy to multiple platforms writing only once ?
I do n't think that Haxe can do a lot to help with crisis .
But what I think is that in times of crisis and unemployment , it 's good to get yourself ready for when things will be better .
Learning
Haxe might then be a very good investment since it opens a lot of doors .
In the Italian Universities , in the IT faculties , they teach a bit of C , and something of JAVA : what language /s will you suggest to students / programmers to learn beyond these two languages to be much agile to have many chance -s ?
Haxe of course :)
But also at least a functional language , either Lisp , OCaml or Haskell .
Haxe also has some functional capabilities , and combining ObjectOriented and Functional approaches have been tremendously improving the productivity of our team in the past years .
At last , but not the least : do you believe that the open source is the future of the IT ?
and what major benefits do you believe it brings ?
Open source ( and free software ) enables innovation .
Internet and the Web are good examples for that : because the protocols are open , people were able to use them in many creative ways .
It 's also a good way to prevent monopoles and lock - in , which are both enemies of innovation and limit the freedom of the end -users .
What is CheckMyColours ?
It is a tool for checking foreground and background color combinations of all DOM elements and determining if they provide sufficient contrast when viewed by someone having color deficits .
All the tests are based on the algorithms suggested by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
Read more ...
Luminosity Constrast Ratio ( WCAG 2.0 )
( L1+.05 ) / ( L2+.05 ) where L is luminosity and is defined as .2126*R + . 7152*G + .0722B using linearised R , G , and B values .
Linearised R ( for example ) = ( R/FS ) ^2.2 where FS is full scale value ( 255 for 8 bit color channels ) .
L1 is the higher value ( of text or background ) and L2 is the lower value .
Text or diagrams and their background must have a luminosity contrast ratio of at least 4.5:1 for level 2 conformance to guideline 1.4 , and at least 7:1 for level 3 conformance to guideline 1.4 .
Color brigthness ( WCAG 1.0 )
( ( Red value X 299 ) + ( Green value X 587 ) + ( Blue value X 114 ) ) / 1000
The range for color brightness difference is 125 .
The range for color difference is 500 .
While your pool service Brooklyn water will certainly transform all year , the summer season in Atlanta– when temperature levels are at their greatest– are when your water is most vulnerable to ending up being dirty because of a build - up of algae .
This is when our clients are probably to request our swimming pool cleaning services .
Of course , it does n’t injured to have a few swimming pool cleaning suggestions up your sleeve , too !
Let ’s face it ; no one suches as swimming in a green pool .
So why manage the frustrations induced by algae in your pool this year when you can easily avoid it entirely ?
Just how ?
Initially , you require to determine why algae exist to begin with .
When you have actually figured that out , you can change whatever you ’re doing ( or otherwise doing ) that is triggering a green swimming pool .
Adjusting Just How You Include Chlorine
Unless you ’re a swimming pool cleaning expert– like our professionals at The Swimming pool Butler– then you ’re most likely unaware of the result sunshine can have on chlorine .
When subjected to the sun with time , chlorine often tends to break down , which can substantially reduce its performance at ridding your swimming pool of algae and other bacteria .
It is critical to include an ample quantity of chlorine to your swimming pool consistently .
Nonetheless , you need to use care when doing so , as excessive chlorine can cause chemical burns and also other skin disorders .
As opposed to running the risk of chlorine problems , it ’s a terrific concept to speak to a swimming pool solutions firm in Atlanta to change your chemicals for you to make certain safety .
One method to minimize the speed at which your chlorine breaks down is to use a solar covering when your pool is not being used .
Comparable to a visor you could place in your car ’s windshield , a solar blanket blocks out the sunlight from your pool water .
With much less direct sunlight , the chlorine in your pool will certainly last longer , saving you money and time .
Prevent Using the Wrong Products
One catch several swimming pool owners fall under when dealing with an algae accumulation is trying to clean their pools making use of the incorrect items .
For example , some swimming pool owners might really feel inclined to buy shock for their pool when chlorine degrees obtain reduced .
Unfortunately , while this may eliminate the algae , the algae still require to be gotten rid of appropriately to clean up the swimming pool as well as prevent future growth .
You can discover more about stunning your pool to kill algae below .
Examining Your Pool For Phosphates
While phosphates are always present in your swimming pool water , when degrees obtain too expensive , it can be alongside difficult to keep your pool clear .
Phosphates are food for algae , and where there is food , algae are not far behind .
It ’s a wise idea to have your swimming pool examined for uneven phosphate degrees by a pool solution company .
An expert will have the correct tools to examine your water and can deal with the problem to maintain your pool water crystal clear .
The Obama administration , arguing that misaligned corporate incentives fueled a financial crisis , is urging an overhaul for the way America 's top business executives are paid .
The proposed changes could have a sweeping impact over time on an issue that has stirred public outrage for years – and amplified during the recession .
But the new pay plan appears to be guided more by economic pragmatism than by populist ire .
President Obama has occasionally lashed out at Wall Street , but the pay proposals were announced with little fanfare in a statement issued Wednesday by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The proposed steps include a blend of legislation , regulation , and friendly advice :
• Supporting efforts in Congress to pass " say on pay " legislation , which would give shareholders a much larger voice on compensation packages at individual firms .
• Proposing legislation enabling the Securities and Exchange Commission to ensure that corporate compensation committees are more independent of management .
• Working with bank regulators in new efforts to reduce the risk of booms and busts in the financial sector , partly by addressing pay incentives that encouraged high - risk activities .
• Laying out principles of sound compensation at banking firms and beyond – notably that pay should take account of risk as well as profit , and that performance should be measured over a long span of time .
Efforts by policymakers to influence corporate pay have often failed to work , but it 's possible that the Obama administration framework will have more of an impact for two reasons .
First , it comes as investors and corporations already feel financial pressure to change pay practices .
Second , the administration 's plan seeks to partner with the private sector more than dictate to it .
" The overall environment for executive pay is lending itself to increased conservatism – regardless of what industry you 're in , " says David Wise of Hay Group in New York , which provides compensation consulting services .
" The administration is focused on arming shareholders with as many tools as possible to hold their companies accountable .
That ’s what the [ Obama pay ] principles signal to me . "
' Say on pay ' could take time
Even if the administration 's effort is successful , it will probably take some years for the evidence to roll in .
Mr. Wise notes that " say on pay " is a privilege American shareholders are n't used to exercising .
At the few companies where votes on pay have been taken , the typical outcome is for shareholders to give strong support for the packages put in place by the board 's compensation committee .
But he says that over time , “ say on pay ” could have teeth .
In Britain , shareholders have long voted on pay " and many people do believe that it has been responsible for slowing the rate of pay increases , " Wise says .
The board committees that set compensation for executives – everything from bonuses to perks and stock options – operate in a zone between the shareholders who own companies and the managers who run them .
Critics of corporate governance say that in practice , the balance of power has been tilted to make boards more responsive to managers than to shareholders .
Where " say on pay " would boost the clout of shareholders , another Obama proposal would reduce the clout of managers , by preventing making the pay committees more independent .
Link between pay and risky behavior
In releasing the pay proposals , Secretary Geithner framed the goal in pragmatic terms – to create a more stable economic climate .
" This financial crisis had many significant causes , but executive compensation practices were a contributing factor , " he said in a statement .
" Incentives for short - term gains overwhelmed the checks and balances meant to mitigate against the risk of excess leverage . "
The issue goes beyond banks , but experts on compensation say the incentive problem has been particularly challenging in that industry .
Subprime mortgage lending was fueled in part by investment banks where managers , traders , and dealmakers reaped big money from bonuses based on a single year 's performance .
One example that received wide media attention :
The troubled insurance company AIG paid $ 220 million in so - called “ retention bonuses ” to about 400 employees last year .
A top principle , Geithner said , should now be to set pay over longer horizons , " in ways that are tightly aligned with the long - term value and soundness of the firm . "
But he acknowledged that finding the right way to incentivize players at all levels of a firm is not a simple task .
In the financial industry , new pressure on pay could come from bank regulators , to the extent that they find pay practices to play a central role in ensuring the safety and soundness of the banking system .
The Treasury 's plan on pay Wednesday was accompanied by the Obama administration 's naming Kenneth Feinberg , a lawyer , to oversee pay practices at firms that receive exceptional government assistance .
Those firms might include AIG and General Motors .
Not enough ?
Critics of the administration say it is n't moving aggressively enough to set new limits on bankers – at a time when the financial crisis provides a political opening to do so .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D ) of Massachusetts , who chairs the House Financial Services Committee , applauded parts of the Obama plan , but he expressed concern that boards will remain closely tethered to the interests of corporate management .
“ Legislation should be adopted that instructs the Securities and Exchange Commission to set principles " to guide boards in setting compensation , he said in a statement .
Other experts , however , say that sharp new limits on banker pay could push America 's top talent overseas .
At firms getting government rescue money , oversight and pay curbs have already stirred concern about a drain of talent to other Wall Street firms .
It ’s at these firms receiving government aid that high pay and bonuses have stirred most public outrage .
The most prominent example is AIG , the insurance company that has cost taxpayers billions to rescue .
In March , protesters took a " Lifestyles of the Rich and Infamous " bus tour past the Connecticut homes of AIG bonus recipients .
BBC stars including Jeremy Clarkson and Terry Wogan have been left reeling after being called to a meeting with top corporation executives and told to expect drastic pay cuts , MediaGuardian.co.uk can reveal .
About 100 of the BBC 's best known TV and radio stars attended the Monday evening gathering on the sixth floor of BBC Television Centre in west London , where they were addressed by the director general , Mark Thompson , and other senior corporation executives .
One attendee described it as a " very grim meeting " .
It is understood that anyone on screen or behind a microphone earning more than £ 100,000 a year faces a pay cut of 25 % when their contracts are renegotiated .
For some highly paid stars , the salary reduction could be as much as 40 % .
According to sources who attended Monday 's meeting , those present included Clarkson , Wogan , Bruce Forsyth , Lenny Henry , Jo Brand , Mariella Frostrup , Dara O'Briain and John Inverdale .
However , three of the most highly paid BBC stars – Jonathan Ross , Graham Norton and Chris Moyles – were absent .
At the meeting , the stars were treated to a lengthy address by Thompson about the severe financial pressures and uncertainty facing the BBC in the coming years , in what was clearly an attempted wake - up call .
Alan Yentob , the BBC creative director , and Jana Bennett , the director of BBC Vision , were also present .
Afterwards , one of the stars said : " I thought we were going in for a sociable glass of wine and canapés , but instead there was this very grim meeting .
We were all buzzing about it afterwards .
Some of us are in very difficult contract renegotiations right now .
No one was left in any doubt what they were getting at . "
A BBC spokesman said : " No organisation is immune from the economic climate and we have to find substantial savings .
Talent fees are not excluded from the economic pressures faced across the organisation and these will be reflected in our ongoing negotiations .
" This was an internal event as part of our ongoing dialogue with the artists and presenters who work for us . "
The BBC is reacting to public outrage at what is regarded as excessive talent pay , particularly Ross 's three - year deal , thought to be worth £ 16.9 m .
This debate over BBC talent costs was stoked last week by the highly critical Commons public accounts committee report attacking what it claimed was the inflated pay of leading BBC radio presenters and DJs .
But stars at Monday 's meeting said these instances of BBC misjudgment were not their fault .
One presenter said the pay cuts were unfair because those affected were ultimately self - employed , while the managers at the BBC , whose pay has risen sharply , were only facing a salary freeze , and a continuation of their gold - plated pensions .
An agent said : " I find it disgusting .
The BBC is taking it out on the talent , while its executives have made the mistakes .
They messed up over Ross , they have bad property problems , and they have spread themselves too thinly over too many services .
And now they are taking it out on the middle ranks – people at the top of their game earning £ 100,000 - £ 250,000 who have commitments and mortgages like everyone else .
" They have the talent over a barrel .
The person hiring can do what they want , and currently there is little demand for anyone 's services anywhere else .
An entertainment star might threaten to go to ITV , but not in the present climate . "
One household name who attended the meeting said : " The problem is no one has got any sympathy for people like me , so it seems churlish to start moaning .
Many people will take the line : ' Keep me on , I 'll take a pay cut to keep up my public profile . '
The thing is , no one is on the breadline . "
TV executives across the board now recognise that star salaries have spiralled out of control during the past decade , and not just at the BBC .
They claim some of the top names in entertainment have been able to demand , and receive , between £ 50,000 to £ 100,000 an episode , and that applying the brakes is now essential , but will be a big shock to the stars .
In an interview with the House magazine last month , Thompson said : " We will reduce the total amount we spend on top talent , and have already agreed some new contracts for less than we have paid in the past . "
In March the director general warned BBC staff that the corporation had to find £ 400 m in budget cuts over the next three years or risk breaching its statutory borrowing limit .
Thompson said the cuts were needed to balance its books , including a freeze on executive pay and a reduction in the fees paid to top talent .
The BBC has cut 7,200 jobs over the past four and a half years , with another 1,200 to go , and is making efficiency savings totalling £ 1.9 bn over the licence fee period up to 2013 .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Iranians seeking to share videos and other eyewitness accounts of the demonstrations that have roiled their country since disputed elections two weeks ago are using an Internet encryption program originally developed by and for the U.S. Navy .
Designed a decade ago to secure Internet communications between U.S. ships at sea , The Onion Router , or TOR , has become one of the most important proxies in Iran for gaining access to Web sites such as Twitter , YouTube and Facebook .
The system of proxy servers that disguise a user ’s Internet traffic is now operated by a nonprofit , the Tor Project , that is independent from the U.S. government and military and is used all over the world .
According to the Tor Project , connections to TOR have gone up by 600 percent since mass protests erupted after the June 12 vote , which gave a purported landslide victory to incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
“ Over the past two weeks , we have seen a doubling to tripling of new client connections , ” Andrew Lewman , executive director of the Tor Project , told The Washington Times Thursday .
“ We are up to a thousand new clients a day . ”
Tehran was relatively quiet on Thursday , but opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi vowed not to back down and Iranians found novel ways to continue their protests combining high and low technology .
An Iranian who asked not to be named to avoid government retribution told The Times that Iranians are writing protest slogans on their paper money .
Mass e-mails have been sent out telling people approached by the authorities to say they got the money from someone else , he said .
Among the slogans the Iranian saw scrawled over the image of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the leader of the 1979 Islamic Revolution : “ What happened to our vote , dictator ? ” “ Death to the coup d’etat guard . ”
“ Supreme leader equals Shah . ”
“ The government cheats , the supreme leader approves . ”
Iran , a country of 70 million people , has more than 20 million Internet users - the highest percentage in the region outside Israel - and a well - developed blogosphere .
For Iranian Internet users , TOR allows them to visit government - banned Web sites and avoid detection by the authorities .
The Tor Project does this by routing Web requests among several different computer servers all over the world .
While there are other proxy servers that “ anonymize ” Web surfing , TOR is considered the best product available on the Internet .
“ There are plenty of programs political dissidents can use to route their Internet traffic through third parties and escape censorship and avoid monitoring , ” said Noah Shachtman , the editor of Wired.com ’s national security blog , Danger Room .
“ But TOR is different because it is an encrypted network of node after node , each one unlocking encryption to the next node .
And because of this , it is all but impossible for governments to track Web sites a TOR user is visiting .
TOR is a great way to give Ahmadinejad ’s Web censors headaches . ”
Since the mass demonstrations began , the Iranian government has tried to denigrate the protests as being instigated by the CIA and other foreign intelligence agencies - a charge that President Obama and other foreign leaders have repeatedly denied .
While U.S. officials and Iran specialists say that the demonstrations are homegrown and reflect pent - up Iranian frustration with the lack of liberty in their country , the U.S. government has in the past invested in communications technology to help Iranians organize and improve their access to the West .
In 2007 , the State Department spent $ 31 million to promote democracy in Iran .
An addiional $ 60 million was appropriated for the program in 2008 , but much of it has not yet been spent , former State Department officials said .
Some Iran specialists have criticized the program , noting that it was used by the Iranian government to taint recipients as agents of the West .
David Denehy , the Iran democracy program coordinator for the State Department from 2005 to 2007 , said , “ Our goal was to promote freedom of speech for Iranians to communicate with each other and the outside world .
We funded and supported innovative technologies to allow them to do this via the Internet , cell phones and other media . ”
Mr. Denehy added , however , that Iran ’s democracy movement is being directed by Iranians .
“ What we are witnessing now is the Iranian people utilizing these new technologies and that is on their own accord , ” he said .
“ They have done it themselves .
I hope the projects we funded have been helpful to them , but this is an Iranian - led movement . ”
Another agency in the U.S. government that has provided seed money to help Iranians avoid Internet censorship is the Broadcasting Board of Governors ( BBG ) , the body that oversees the Voice of America ( VOA ) and Radio Farda , a Farsi - language radio station that stepped up shortwave broadcasts recently to counteract Iranian government efforts to jam the signal .
Ken Berman , acting director of engineering for the BBG , said he oversees a three - person anti-censorship team that focuses on China and Iran .
He declined to provide the exact budget for the project , saying only that it was “ under $ 5 million ” a year .
“ We have realized that Iran has a growing audience of young activist Internet users and we have repurposed our tools to work in Farsi and make it available to Iranians , ” he said .
“ We open up the channels so the Iranian blogosphere is more accessible to Iranians in Iran . ”
Mr. Berman said that one project his group funded was to design the Firefox Web browser to embed the TOR proxy system .
The anti-censorship operation has also benefited VOA , whose “ traffic has gone up exponentially ” since the unrest began in Iran , he said .
Mr. Berman said that this is not U.S. “ meddling ” in Iranian affairs .
“ All we are doing is providing an open channel so Iranians can get information coming in and out , ” he said .
Suad Jafarzadeh contributed to this report .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
When it comes to web design , the possibilities are practically limitless .
That ’s great .
But , when you want to make something that ’s perfect , something that ’s genuinely you – all that choice can be pretty intimidating .
If you are n’t somebody with professional tech knowledge , but you are somebody who needs a stylish website fast , what are you [… ]
The Dalai Lama challenged scientists to test the visual memory of Buddhist monks ( Image : Sipa Press / Rex Features )
If you ’re going to challenge the Dalai Lama to a memory game , do n’t do it just after he ’s meditated .
New research finds that meditation boosts visual memory , but only in the short term .
The findings counter the claims of some monks who say that years of practicing a meditation technique that centres on creating an elaborate mental picture of deities can offer long - lasting improvements in visual memory and processing .
“ They claim they can do it all the time – they cannot , ” says Maria Kozhevnikov , a neuroscientist at George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , who travelled to several monasteries in Nepal to test the Buddhist monks ’ visual memory .
Advertisement
Holy challenge
In 2003 , the Dalai Lama , who has a long - term interest in science and what he calls “ the luminosity of being ” , attended a neuroscience conference at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
There he challenged Kozhevnikov ’s then post - doctoral advisor , Stephen Kosslyn , to test the visual memory of Buddhist monks .
Kosslyn and most other neuroscientists claimed that working memory was too short to maintain an image for more than a few seconds .
He found no difference in visual memory between moderately practiced monks and non-meditators who came to his Harvard lab .
The Dalai Lama suggested that Kosslyn test more experienced monks in Nepal , and Kozhevnikov took on the task while on sabbatical .
Her initial tests at Sechen Monastery in Kathmandu confirmed Kosslyn ’s findings .
She showed monks an array of six images – various animals , for instance – and then five seconds later another six images , five of which appeared in the first set and one new picture .
Test subjects had to determine which image was new .
In another task , Kozhevnikov showed monks a three - dimensional shape next to a rotated version of the shape or its mirror image .
‘ Unbelievable performance ’
The Sechen monks proved no better at determining whether the second shape was identical to or the mirror image of the first shape , compared to people who do n’t meditate .
Their visual memories , too , seemed normal .
Then , by chance , Kozhevnikov tested a monk immediately after a meditation session .
“ He showed unbelievable performance .
Suddenly , I realised that I need to give this test right after meditation , ” she says .
On subsequent exams of 15 monks and experienced meditators in the US , she got the same results .
Before meditation , they performed no better than anyone else .
Yet after 20 minutes of meditation , their visual memory and spatial skills improved dramatically .
What ’s more , only practitioners of a meditation style that emphasises visual imagery – called deity yoga – registered an improvement .
Kozhevnikov also tested 14 people experienced in a form of meditation that does not focus on mental imagery – known as open presence meditation – and their visual memory and spatial skills saw no gains .
Artists too ?
The team did n’t probe how long the improvement lasts after meditation , but Kozhevnikov suspects that it varies from person to person , depending on meditation experience , mood and the length of the meditation session .
She also speculates that heightened visual memory and processing is n’t unique to those who practice Buddhist meditation .
Visual artists may also experience transient surges in visual awareness that allow them to maintain mental images for extended periods , Kozhevnikov says .
“ I think that if she shows it ’s not confined to these practitioners , but you find the same thing happening in these great visual artists that ’s important , ” says Jack Loomis , a neuroscientist at the University of California in Santa Barbara .
Their heightened mental images may not even be contained to two dimensions , Loomis speculates .
Most people can maintain a coarse mental picture of their three - dimensional world and can roughly approximate different vantage points .
“ What if these people have an incredibly dense representation of three - dimensional space , ” he says .
“ That ’s pretty amazing . ”
Journal reference : Psychological Science ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02345.x )
by Brett Stevens on June 7 , 2009
Cocktail party conversation , the natural camouflage of the dramatic ego , often ends with : “ I just ca n’t see it that clearly .
I believe this issue is not black and white , but in shades of gray . ”
It sounds so lovely , a way of defending ourselves against the finality of judgment we come to expect from nature “ red in tooth and claw . ”
But when it comes to thinking , modern people only give lip service to shades of gray .
They also cannot think beyond a linear absolute , where there ’s one extreme and then the next , with no variation in the middle .
We sometimes refer to this with metaphors of a swinging pendulum , but I think it ’s simpler .
Our interaction with society is defined in “ us and them ” terms .
They require that we be socialized and take care of each other , so we fight back with what we want .
As a result , we see our needs versus the needs of “ them , ” which is a symbol for whatever group of our fellow partially evolved monkeys is pressing us to do something we do n’t want to at the time .
We do n’t have shades of gray because we know that inevitably , us and them come down to a messy compromise .
There ’s your gray .
In the meantime , we need to find some extreme position and take it so our negotiation advantage is highest .
You know , good hagglers always ask for a ridiculously low price , and then give in slowly so the price walks up to one that is both reasonable and realistic .
One of the biggest issues of our time , race , is a subset of another issue — class warfare .
We are appalled by the idea that we , as individuals , can not be whoever we want to be .
As a result , we create a bargaining position where we demand the right for all individuals to be whatever they want to be , regardless of their actual ability .
This is why we love rags - to - riches stories : it could happen to us .
This is why we love revolutions : we could use liberation from our lives , and it would be psychologically easier if we could blame an Oppressor for all of our failings .
We love the idea of becoming something new in the span of a movie or novel .
And to have this right , we demand it for all others , so They are working for Us .
Race is a classic example of this logic .
The issue becomes redefined in personal terms , of fairness and justice , and immediately we leave behind all logical considerations .
This is why the pendulum swings so wildly on this issue : we see it as a personal threat , and a chance to appear more altruistic than others , and make Them work for Us more rapidly .
After all , if you were of a minority , how would you want to be treated ?
It ’s like a television commercial : which product would you prefer , if you were this person on the screen ?
Even more , it ’s a social question : how do I make my guests comfortable , what tokens do I extend to them ?
Check out this inversion of the classic Hollywood story — and yes , that ’s why you ’re not hearing much about it .
It does n’t make a good story of successful revenge .
Instead , it tells us that appearances are not reality , and our moral zeal often is a bigger oppressor than our amoralism :
Authorities have said Finley , Crostley and McClelland were friends who drove across the Oklahoma state line for beer in September .
They argued on the way back about whether Finley was too drunk to drive , and McClelland got out of the car to walk home .
Authorities had alleged that Finley then ran down McClelland , whose body was caught under the truck and dragged about 70 feet ( 20 meters ) .
His mangled body was found along a country road .
The racial implications of the case reminded some of the murder of James Byrd , who was chained by the ankles to the bumper of a pickup truck and dragged to death in 1998 in the east Texas town of Jasper .
Three white men were convicted of killing him ; two are on death row and the other is serving a life term .
The case had been unraveling in recent months because of a lack of eyewitnesses and physical evidence .
Last month , a gravel truck driver gave a sworn statement acknowledging he might have accidentally run over McClelland .
Murder charges were dropped at the prosecution ’s request Thursday .
MSN
I ’ve put paragraphs in chronological order .
Incident happened ; everyone assumed it was a race hate crime ; men were charged and thrown in jail for a year ; then , authorities discovered that the image they were conditioned to see was very far from reality .
End result : two guys who were obviously not racist because they were good pals with a black dude are thrown in jail for a year , have their names smeared , and racial unrest makes an uneasy spectre at every dinner party .
Finally , bureaucracies which are just as dumb and oppressive with a liberal bias as they are in movies with a conservative bias , in a fit of self - awareness , call off the stupidity .
We can not think in grey or three dimensions about race .
We have a linear scale , from Oppression to Freedom , and that ’s all we see .
That ’s our Us / Them bargaining balance again .
We cannot think that the races would be biologically different , and therefore different in abilities and inclinations , but that we would not oppress them as a result .
We cannot think that the races might be free , and problems might arise from something other than oppression .
Heck , we do n’t even define freedom or oppression .
They ’re wholly subjective terms .
When someone who is a minority or protected group is upset , oppression is suspected .
When someone who is not of a minority group is oppressed , we assume that just like in the Hollywood narrative , they ’re privileged and will get out of it .
Confirmation bias refers to a type of selective thinking whereby one tends to notice and to look for what confirms one ’s beliefs , and to ignore , not look for , or undervalue the relevance of what contradicts one ’s beliefs .
This tendency to give more attention and weight to data that support our beliefs than we do to contrary data is especially pernicious when our beliefs are little more than prejudices .
Skeptic ’s Dictionary
We cannot think that diversity ( technical term : multiculturalism ) is anything other than freedom .
Even more , we cannot think in the shades of gray that different communities might be… different .
We want the same rule applied everywhere , so it ’s safe and fair , like installing the same fast food in every town so we ’re never without a Big Mac if we want one .
As a result , we ’ve put a filter on our minds that kicks in before we even read or assess what ’s going on .
Does it resemble this pattern from a movie ?
Then it must be so .
Smash oppression , vote for freedom !
It ’s like tired dogma repeated by exhausted armies of totalitarian regimes , except since we think we have freedom , we believe that we do .
And from the other end of the spectrum , people with research - oriented focus are slowly chipping away at our sacred cow of linear absolutes in thinking about race :
New research indicates that natural selection may shape the human genome much more slowly than previously thought .
Other factors — the movements of humans within and among continents , the expansions and contractions of populations , and the vagaries of genetic chance â€ “ have heavily influenced the distribution of genetic variations in populations around the world .
In recent years , geneticists have identified a handful of genes that have helped human populations adapt to new environments within just a few thousand yearsâ€ ” a strikingly short timescale in evolutionary terms .
However , the team found that for most genes , it can take at least 50,000 - 100,000 years for natural selection to spread favorable traits through a human population .
According to their analysis , gene variants tend to be distributed throughout the world in patterns that reflect ancient population movements and other aspects of population history .
When the team compared closely related populations they found few large genetic differences .
If the individual populations ’ environments were exerting strong selective pressure , such differences should have been apparent .
Science Daily
What they ’re telling is that evolution , from start to finish , has been an elective move .
Early hominids elected to make fire and live in caves , so they ended up separated from their friends who wanted to live in the more prosperous jungle .
Individual groups have gone away from the cradle of civilization so that they could follow a vision of their own .
They chose to geographically isolate themselves ; there ’s no place on earth people cannot get to , but if a group wants to stay isolated , they ’re able to do it .
When we see a geographically isolated group , we ’re seeing the hand of human beings wanting it that — and since it happens over many generations , it ’s for a good reason .
Each group is the way it is because somewhere they were created to be different and to escape the rest .
Why ?
So they could do it their way .
It ’s no different than families moving to the suburbs .
They want to live as they want to live , apart from the mass of confused people in the city .
Except in evolutionary terms , the cities were the naturally prosperous areas that were not geographically isolated — and the suburbs and countryside were places where groups could set up their own standards , and evolve according to them , shaping themselves in the process .
Which came first , the culture or the genetics ?
Probably some nascent form of the culture .
Our modern dialogue does n’t see this shade of gray .
It also does n’t see any third dimension to the issue .
In addition to oppression and freedom , we need to consider practicality and identity — because identity is the cornerstone of culture .
And culture is the only thing that can resist the dual threats of corporate / bureaucracy stupidity and trends that cause a lynch - mob mentality .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
( CNN ) --
In an effort to shed $ 1.8 billion in debt , popular theme - park chain Six Flags announced Saturday that it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
Six Flags operates 20 theme parks in the United States , Mexico and Canada .
The filing will not affect the operation of the company 's 20 parks in the United States , Mexico and Canada , said spokeswoman Sandra Daniels .
" This restructuring will have no impact on families who come out to our parks .
They will not see an inch of difference , " Daniels said .
In an online letter to employees , President and CEO Mark Shapiro said Six Flags inherited a $ 2.4 billion debt load that " cannot be refinanced in these financial markets . "
" This process is strictly a financial restructuring of our debt and that 's how you should view it and speak about it , " Shapiro said in the message posted on the Six Flags Web site .
He said Six Flags was seeking expedited approval from the for the District of Delaware of a pre-negotiated plan of reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code .
He said the company actually performed well in 2008 , attracting 25 million visitors and making $ 275 million .
But it could not keep up with its debt obligations .
See interactive map of Six Flags locations »
" That 's a balancing act you just can't risk year in and year out , " he said .
" Today , we are moving to rectify our balance sheet once and for all .
Believe me when I say we will emerge from this process stronger and more competitive than ever . "
Read Shapiro's online letter to employees
The restructuring would reduce the company 's debt to $ 600 million .
Shapiro told employees that the company was on " solid ground " and the bankruptcy decision was " difficult . "
He assured them their paychecks and jobs were safe .
First time visitor ?
Not sure what it 's all about ?
Please refer to F.A.Q. section » I 'm a prolific LEGO Technic builder , and the goal of this website is to document my LEGO constructions , ideas and various achievements .
I 'm trying to share my work is such a way that it could inspire , or be developed further by other builders .
In addition to my website , you may also want to follow my Facebook page where building process of current projects is shown and where future ideas are discussed .
Brazilian authorities released images of the pallet they later called " sea trash "
Debris recovered from the Atlantic by Brazilian search teams is " sea trash " and not from a lost Air France jet , a Brazilian air force official has said .
Brig Ramon Borges Cardoso contradicted earlier reports , saying " no material from the plane has been recovered " .
Teams found buoys and a wooden pallet and spotted a fuel slick , and are now searching for an airline seat and a chunk of metal seen earlier this week .
Relatives have been told that there is no hope of survivors being found .
In Paris , Air France Chief Executive Pierre - Henri Gourgeon and Chairman Jean - Cyril Spinetta briefed passengers ' relatives in a hotel near Charles de Gaulle airport where they have been waiting for news .
Mr Gourgeon said the Airbus A330 jet , which was carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , broke apart either in the air or when it hit the sea .
See a map of the plane 's route Friends and relatives gathered for a memorial service in Rio de Janeiro " What is clear is that there was no landing , " said a support group representative who was at the meeting .
" There 's no chance the escape slides came out , " Guillaume Denoix de Saint - Marc said .
In Rio de Janeiro , hundreds of people gathered at a memorial service attended by the French and Brazilian foreign ministers .
" Those who are missing are here in our hearts and in our memories , " French minister Bernard Kouchner told mourners .
A memorial service was held in Paris on Wednesday .
Oil slick Speaking in Recife , the north - eastern Brazilian city from where search operations are being co-ordinated , Brig Cardoso sought to clarify earlier declarations that the wooden pallet and fuel slick had come from the Air France jet .
SEARCH FOR FLIGHT AF 447 1 June : Contact lost with plane over mid-Atlantic 2 June : First debris spotted from the air includes an airline seat .
Brazilian defence minister says debris is from missing plane 3 June : More debris spotted , including a 7 m - wide chunk of metal .
Fuel slick seen on ocean surface 4 June : Buoys and pallet recovered from ocean said to be from plane .
Officials later retract statement
Timeline of Flight AF 447
Air disasters timeline Mystery of Air France flight Challenge of deep - sea debris The Airbus A330 was not carrying wooden pallets , it was reported , while a large slick spotted in the area most likely spilled from a ship rather than from a downed plane .
Other fuel found in the sea probably did come from the Airbus , he said .
" It has been verified that the material did not belong to the plane , they were wood pallets that were used by ships and sometimes planes , but in this flight to Paris , there were no wood pallets , " Brig Cardoso said .
Navy ships are now reported to be scouring the surface of the ocean , about 1,100 km ( 690 miles ) north - east of Brazil 's coast , in an effort to locate other debris spotted from the air during the first sweeps of the area on Tuesday and Wednesday .
Rescuers hold out more hope that what was reported to be a seat and a large chunk of metal could have come from the plane , reports say .
Three more Brazilian boats and a French ship equipped with small submarines are expected to arrive in the area in the next few days .
He said the search effort would continue , with the main focus on finding bodies , but bad weather is forecast for the region on Friday .
' Clock ticking '
French military spokesman Christophe Prazuck said the priority was looking for wreckage from the plane , before turning the search to flight data recorders .
" The clock is ticking on finding debris before they spread out and before they sink or disappear , " he said .
French officials have said the recorders , which could be deep under water , may never be found .
Officials have warned that they are far from working out the cause of the crash .
Investigators are reported to be relying on a stream of automated messages sent out just before the crash , which suggested the plane 's systems shut down as it flew through high thunderstorms .
France 's air safety investigation agency said on Friday that the messages revealed an " inconsistency in the different speeds measured " .
It has been suggested that speed sensors failed or iced over , causing erroneous data to be fed to onboard computers .
This might have caused the plane to fly too fast or too slowly through the storm , leading it either to break apart or stall and fall out of the sky .
A Spanish pilot flying in the area at the time of the crash was quoted by his airline , Air Comet , as saying he had seen an " intense flash of white light , which followed a descending and vertical trajectory and which broke up in six seconds " .
The paper said Airbus , the maker of the plane , would issue A330 jets with new advice on flying in storms .
Airbus declined to comment on the report , though an unnamed official told AFP news agency that it was normal to update airlines following an accident .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2010 Chevrolet Camaro as Bumblebee - Click above for a high - res image gallery
Diehard Transformers fans take note : Chevrolet is reportedly planning to launch a limited edition Bumblebee Camaro to capitalize on the upcoming flick , Revenge of the Fallen .
We 're sure none of you saw that coming , right ?
The car , available with either V6 or V8 power , will be available for order June 1 and the first cars are scheduled to roll down the assembly line on the 24th of that month , which , not coincidentally , is the same day the movie is scheduled for released in the U.S.
Unfortunately , we do n't have any images of the new Bumblebee package to show off or pricing information , but rumor has it that the car will be painted up in the same Rally Yellow that 's available on other Camaros – importantly , that 's not the darker color that 's featured in the movies – set off by black racing stripes , of course .
To help set the Bumblebee edition apart from its siblings , GM will equip the car with Transformers badging on the wheel centers and sill plates along with an embroidered emblem on the console inside .
Thanks for the tip , Jay !
Dear Cecil : I have recently experienced a phenomenon that a friend of mine declares has also happened to her .
It 's rather ghastly .
I covered a meatloaf with a ketchup glaze and stored the thing in the refrigerator covered with aluminum foil .
Where the foil touched the meat I found that it was eaten away , dissolved somehow , leaving a gray aluminum puddle deposit on the glaze .
Thinking it was a fluke I re-covered the meat loaf with another piece of foil and the same thing happened .
What happened ?
Ms. T. , Dallas
Cecil replies :
Madam :
Aluminum has what we scientists call a " highly negative standard reduction potential , " which means , if I may be permitted to bowdlerize a few pertinent scientific concepts , that it readily loses electrons and oxidizes .
Ketchup , on the other hand , is highly acidic , having a pH of 3.85 ( 7.0 is neutral ) , and like all acids likes to oxidize obliging metals .
The result , therefore , of a conjunction of foil and ketchup is , as you can attest , a grayish - black mush of aluminum oxide .
Ketchup is by no means the most potent product in your pantry in this respect .
I note on my list of food acid levels that Coca - Cola , the all - American beverage , has a pH of 2.7 .
I guess if you spill a Coke aboard one of those aluminum naval vessels so popular these days , you ’d better hope you can swim .
But this is no time for idle speculation .
Standard reduction potentials also explain why it ’s painful for people with silver tooth fillings to chew aluminum spitballs .
Silver , it turns out , has a highly positive standard reduction potential , which means it has a craving for electrons .
In the presence of an appropriate catalyst , such as your mildly acidic saliva , we have what amounts to a crude electric battery , in which electrons flow from the aluminum to the silver .
This current is transmitted to the nerves of your teeth , producing the unpleasant sensation familiar to all .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
I think I have discovered my favorite vending machine of all - time .
It 's not a vegan yum - yum - treat apparatus , but rather a literary treasure trove .
The Espresso Book Machine is an innovative vending machine , recently unveiled in London .
It offers hundreds of thousands of items .
You may not see them all available in the display window , but the Espresso Book Machine has access to half - a- MILLION books .
You just put in your money , make your selection , and the machine will print and bind your book right before your eyes .
It prints 100 pages per minute and can pop out a children 's book in seconds ; abiography in minutes , and War & Peace in about 15 min-a-rooties .
According to their website : " On Demand Books ( ODB ) uses proprietary software and a patented , fully integrated high speed machine to print , bind and trim a library quality paperback book at point of sale on demand in minutes at low cost from digital files .
The Espresso Book Machine replaces the centralized supply chain for the distribution of books – essentially unchanged since Gutenberg – with radically decentralized direct - to - consumer distribution .
In essence , an ATM for books . "
The Espresso Book Machine is the brainchild of American publisher , Jason Epstein , who is married to journalist Judith Miller , the New York Times writer for who was incarcerated for refusing to reveal her sources in the Karl Rove - Robert Novak CIA leak story .
Stemming from complaints filed by Dell with the Better Business Bureau ’s advertising division , Apple has started calling its fleet of MacBooks “ the world ’s greenest lineup of notebooks ” as opposed to “ the world ’s greenest family of notebooks ”
What ’s the difference between a ‘ lineup ’ and a ‘ family ’ ?
Who knows , but apparently it was worthy enough to warrant Dell ’s attention , according to a recent report in the Wall Street Journal .
Supposedly , the word “ family ” is n’t specific enough about which products Apple ’s environmental claims apply to , and the Bureau ’s National Advertising Division therefore wanted Apple to switch the word “ family ” to “ lineup ” in order to clear up any potential confusion .
Specifically , BNAD wanted it to be crystal clear that Apple ’s environmental claims pertain to all of its notebooks , and not , let ’s say , one particular model or an entirely different product altogether .
Call us crazy , but we see no difference at all between the use of the words ‘ lineup ’ and ‘ family ’ , and if anything , the convoluted arguments as to why it makes a difference is the most confusing thing of all .
In its advertisements for its MacBook ’s , Apple stresses 4 points of environmental friendliness – recyclability , reduced packaging , less toxic materials , and increased energy efficiency .
Dell , however , was peeved because it argues that many notebooks also sport the above - mentioned qualities .
That being the case , Dell argued that “ Apple must , but does not , establish superiority over all of its competitors in all four pillars to support its broad superiority claim . ”
Huh ?
This , of course , is n’t the first time that Dell has gotten snippy regarding Apple ’s environmental claims .
In December of last year , Dell VP Bob Pearson took Apple to task in a blogpost where he criticized the Cupertino - based company for .. well , it ’s actually hard to explain , so here ’s what he wrote about Apple .
# 1 – Be Part of the Conversation – It is important to listen , learn , ask more questions and be willing to admit it when you are wrong .
We do n’t recall Apple joining the conversation about the environment , either via key conferences or the blogosphere or via reporter meetings .
In fact , we believe Apple employees are not allowed to blog , as far as we can tell …
I ’m not sure what Pearson is longing for there .
For Apple to attend environmental conferences ?
To admit that it ’s wrong about something that Pearson wo n’t tell us ?
And I ’m not quite sure what Apple ’s blogging policy for its employees has to do with anything .
# 2 – Stretch Goals are Different than Wild Claims – We have repeatedly said we want to be the greenest technology company on the planet .
This is our aspiration .
It really motivates us inside Dell to chase this goal .
It ’s very different than saying “ we have the greenest laptops , ” which Apple has said .
Apple has n’t stated any goals , just made claims , which as far as we can tell , are not accurate …
Apple does n’t just claim that it has the greenest laptops .
It explains why in its commercials , on its website , and even at big - time Apple events such as Macworld .
And is n’t the goal pretty clear – to make environmentally friendly products ?
# 3 – Focus on Actions , Not Ads – we are highly focused on tangible actions , not rhetoric .
It was in one of our regular sustainability meetings that Michael challenged us to offer free recycling worldwide for consumers .
A big goal and we did it .
We hope Apple does the same someday .
We challenged ourselves in 2007 to meet a carbon - neutral goal for our operations in 2008 and we did it in August , about five months ahead of schedule .
We hope Apple decides to do the same .
Another misguided point .
Apple does n’t ignore actions and focus on ads .
Rather , its ads are a reflection of the work Apple does to make its products more environmentally friendly .
Either way , I guess you have to give Dell credit for its follow - through .
Using the above blogpost as a launching pad , Dell proceeded to contact the Better Business Bureau and get Apple to change it ’s advertising tagline .
Now we all know what ’s up .
Well - played , Dell .
While we ’re all for doing everything possible to make products more environmentally friendly , Dell running to the BBB to tell on Apple seems , oh I do n’t know , a bit juvenile and silly .
Gary , an actor who plays a cop on television , uses too much lighter fluid when he burns his ex-girlfriend 's things , then he drinks and drives , uses crack , and crashes his car .
He sobers up in jail and is placed under house arrest and the watchful eye of a publicist , the cheery and tough - minded Margaret .
She moves him into the empty house of a writer who 's away in Canada on a shoot .
Gary meets Sarah , an attractive and seemingly - willing neighbor .
His friendship with Margaret blooms and strange things happen : he finds notes he does n't remember writing , he hears noises , and he seems to bump into himself in the kitchen .
Two remaining chapters reveal what 's going on .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Sullivan :
I have to say I am beginning to believe that these abortions , given their excruciating moral and personal choices , may be the most defensible in context of all abortions .
And yet they seem to be taking life in a more viscerally distressing way .
I need time to think and rethink these things .
I would not have without reading these extraordinary accounts .
What I could n’t understand yesterday was how Andrew could hear all these tragic tales and not re-evaluate his position .
These are deeply personal and horribly complex medical and moral issues that should be left to the mother and father and the doctor , not to a bunch of moral scolds , religious nuts , and outright busybodies waving placards on the street and screaming “ murderers ” while having absolutely no personal stake in the matter .
It really should be none of their damned business .
How to Become a Manager — 13 Skills You ’ll Need
In a recent article I wrote about why you might want to be a manager .
If that ’s what you want , here ’s my list of the 13 skills you ’ll need :
1. Communication
There ’s a lot of communication when you ’re a manager .
You have to communicate with each of your employees .
You have to communicate “ sideways ” with your co-workers and customers .
And you have to communicate upwards with your own manager or executive .
You need some substance in the communication , of course — you need to have something worthy of being communicated .
But substance is n’t enough — if you know what you ’re doing and ca n’t properly communicate it to anyone else , then you ’ll never be a good manager .
2. Listening Skills
This is a part of communication , but I want to single it out because it ’s so important .
Some managers get so impressed with themselves that they spend much more of their time telling people things than they spend listening .
But no matter how high you go in the management hierarchy , you need to be able to listen .
It ’s the only way you ’re really going to find out what ’s going on in your organization , and it ’s the only way that you ’ll ever learn to be a better manager .
3. A Commitment to the Truth
You ’ll find that the higher you are in the management hierarchy , the less likely you are to be in touch with reality .
Managers get a lot of brown - nosing , and people tend to sugar - coat the news and tell managers what they want to hear .
The only way you ’ll get the truth is if you insist on it .
Listen to what people tell you , and ask questions to probe for the truth .
Develop information sources outside of the chain of command and regularly listen to those sources as well .
Make sure you know the truth — even if it ’s not good news .
4. Empathy
This is the softer side of listening and truth .
You should be able to understand how people feel , why they feel that way , and what you can do to make them feel differently .
Empathy is especially important when you ’re dealing with your customers .
And whether you think so or not , you ’ll always have customers .
Customers are the people who derive benefit from the work you do .
If no one derives benefit from your work , then what ’s the point of keeping your organization around ?
5. Persuasion
Put all four of the preceding skills together , because you ’ll need them when you try to persuade someone to do something you want done .
You could describe this as “ selling ” but it ’s more general .
Whether you ’re trying to convince your employees to give you a better effort , your boss to give you a bigger budget , or your customers to agree to something you want to do for them , your persuasion skills will be strained to their limits .
6. Leadership
Leadership is a specialized form of persuasion focused on getting other people to follow you in the direction you want to go .
It ’s assumed that the leader will march into battle at the head of the army , so be prepared to make the same sacrifices you ’re asking your employees to make .
7. Focus
The key to successful leadership is focus .
You ca n’t lead in a hundred different directions at once , so setting an effective leadership direction depends on your decision not to lead in the other directions .
Focusing light rays means concentrating the light energy on one spot .
Focusing effort means picking the most important thing to do and then concentrating your team ’s effort on doing it .
8. Division of Work
This is the ability to break down large tasks into sub-tasks that can be assigned to individual employees .
It ’s a tricky skill — maybe more an art than a science , almost like cutting a diamond .
Ideally you want to figure out how to accomplish a large objective by dividing the work up into manageable chunks .
The people working on each chunk should be as autonomous as possible so that the tasks do n’t get bogged down in endless discussion and debate .
You have to pay careful attention to the interdependencies among the chunks .
And you have to carefully assess each employee ’s strengths , weaknesses and interests so that you can assign the best set of sub - tasks to each employee .
9. Obstacle Removal
Inevitably , problems will occur .
Your ability to solve them is critical to the ongoing success of your organization .
Part of your job is to remove the obstacles that are preventing your employees from doing their best .
10 . Heat Absorption
Not all problems can be solved .
When upper management complains about certain things that ca n’t be avoided ( e.g. , an unavoidable delay in a project deliverable ) , it ’s your job to take the heat .
But what ’s more important , it ’s your job to absorb the heat to keep it from reaching your employees .
It ’s the manager ’s responsibility to meet objectives .
If the objectives are n’t being met , then it ’s the manager ’s responsibility to :
Make sure that upper management knows about the problem as early as possible .
Take all possible steps to solve the problem with the resources you ’ve been given .
Suggest alternatives to management that will either solve the problem or minimize it .
These other alternatives may propose the use of additional resources beyond the current budget , or they may propose a change in the objective that ’s more achievable .
Keep the problem from affecting the performance or morale of your employees .
11 . Uncertainty Removal
When higher management can’t give you consistent direction in a certain area , it ’s up to you to shield your employees from the confusion , remove the apparent uncertainty , and lead your employees in a consistent direction until there ’s a good reason to change that direction .
12 . Project Management
This is a more advanced skill that formalizes some of attributes 7 – 11 .
Although both “ Management ” and “ Project Management ” contain the word “ management , ” they are n’t the same thing .
Management implies a focus on people , while Project Management implies a focus on the project objective .
You can be a Manager and a Project Manager , or you can be a Manager without being a Project Manager .
You can also be a Project Manager without being a Manager ( in which case you do n’t have people reporting to you — you just deal with overseeing the project - specific tasks ) .
13 . Administrative and Financial Skills
Most managers have a budget , and you ’ll have to be able to set the budget and then manage to it .
You ’ll also have to deal with hiring , firing , rewarding good employee performance , dealing with unacceptable performance from some employees , and generally making sure that your employees have the environment and tools they need to do their work .
It ’s ironic that this is skill number 13 ( an unlucky number in some cultures ) , because a lot of managers hate this part of the job the most .
But if you ’re good at budgeting , you ’ll find it much easier to do the things you want to do .
And hiring and dealing with employees on a day - to - day basis is one of the key skills to give you the best , happiest and most productive employees .
Conclusion
This article explains some of the things you ’ll need to learn before you become a successful manager .
You can probably become a manager without having all of these skills , but you ’ll need all of them to be really successful and to get promoted to higher levels of management .
For every one of these skills , there are various levels of performance .
No one expects a new manager to be superior at every one of these skills , but you should be aware of all of them , and you should do everything you can to learn more about each skill .
Some of that learning will come through education ( like reading the articles on this web site — you might want to subscribe ) .
But much of the learning will come through experience — trial and error .
Just learn as much as you can about each skill , take nothing for granted , and focus on doing the very best that you can do .
Learn from your mistakes and try not to repeat them .
And ask for feedback — in many cases you wo n’t know what you could do better unless someone tells you .
Related Posts and Articles
( part 1 )
( part 2 -- Thanks to Heather for vids )
Seriously , is there anyone more annoying than Tucker Carlson ?
The least self - aware pundit on TV , still nursing his own bruised ego from the thorough spanking he received at the hands of a comedian that took down his show , cried that Jon Stewart is nothing more than a partisan hack in " attacking " Jim Cramer .
Mr. " I'm an ideologue , not a partisan " repeats the favorite GOP meme that Cramer was only attacked because he dared to criticize Obama 's budget .
Hmm ... repeating GOP talking points ... but Carlson 's not speaking on behalf of his party , no sirree .
Leave it to Carlson to completely miss the point .
Despite Stephanie Miller's and Baltimore Sun's David Zurawik 's multiple attempts to reason with the petulant , whiny man-child Carlson devolves into , Tucker can never grasp that the whole event was precipitated by Rick Santelli 's rant on the trading floor and that Stewart 's focus was not Cramer so much as the responsibility CNBC holds in informing the public rather than giving corporations carte blanche to propagandize on their channel .
He 's more concerned that Stewart , in his attempt to speak on behalf of the Democratic Party ( huh ? ) is losing ' teh funny , ' and will go the way of Lenny Bruce .
Double huh ?
The best part of the whole segment is after Carlson 's plaintive wails ( who needs a nap ? ) , Howard Kurtz airs the Crossfire segment where Stewart calls Carlson a " partisan hack " , a nice little STFU in not so many words .
Perrspectives has more :
Prior to making his case this morning on CNN's Reliable Sources that Stewart is a " sanctimonious , partisan hack " and an operative for the Democratic Party , Carlson on Friday denounced him to the Politico : Carlson , reached Friday , described Stewart as " a partisan demagogue . "
" Jim Cramer may be sweaty and pathetic -- he certainly was last night -- but he's not responsible for the current recession , " Carlson told POLITICO .
" His real sin was attacking Obama 's economic policies .
If he had n't done that , Stewart never would have gone after him .
Stewart 's doing Obama 's bidding .
It 's that simple . "
Of course , Jon Stewart 's weeklong diatribe against CNBC was initially triggered by the network 's Rick Santelli slandering troubled home mortgage owners as " losers . "
And as it turns out , it is Tucker Carlson who has made a career out of doing someone else 's bidding .
That someone else is the Republican Party - and his father Richard .
The scandal surrounding the outing of covert CIA operative Valerie Plame and the subsequent conviction of Cheney chief - of - staff Scooter Libby provides case in point .
Few voices on television were more strident in Libby 's defense than Tucker Carlson .
But throughout , he remained silent on his father 's leadership of the Scooter Libby Legal Defense Fund .
From the beginning , Tucker Carlson aimed both barrels at Libby prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald .
In November 2005 , he insisted Fitzgerald was " accusing Libby - falsely and in public - of undermining this country 's security , " adding , " Fitzgerald should apologize , though of course he never will . "
Reversing his past position in support of independent counsels , Carlson in February 2007 blasted " this lunatic Fitzgerald , running around destroying people 's lives for no good reason . "
Hey , Tucker " Pot " Carlson , guess what sanctimonious color you are !
John Amato :
The New York Times
J. Adam Huggins for the International Herald Tribune
It ’s becoming increasingly evident that the path toward more or less 9 billion people will see terrible losses in inevitable disasters .
The United Nations has been making the case for more proactive efforts under the rubic of “ disaster - risk reduction ” since the world ’s nations proclaimed the 1990 ’s the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction .
I touched on this shortly after the tsunami swept the Indian Ocean , in a piece called “ The Future of Calamity . ”
A new global assessment of countries ’ exposure to hazards and efforts to limit losses is being released at a conference in Bahrain on Sunday .
I have a news story that provides highlights , but the 200 - page document itself , the Global Assessment Report on Disaster Risk Reduction , is worth a deep dive .
Some experts on disaster preparation are n’t happy with some aspects of the report , and many feel there ’s little substance behind international pledges to cut risks .
But many told me this report is still a helpful window on the outsize vulnerability of a few places on the planet where the costs of calamity are highest .
A prime factor contributing to increased vulnerability is urbanization , with about one billion people already crammed into what are euphemistically called “ informal ” settlements in and around cities , better known as slums , and 25 million more moving in each year .
These communities are usually built on steep slopes , floodplains or other vulnerable spots .
Another is ecological damage , like the loss of mangroves in Myanmar that appears to have allowed the flood surge there to propagate inland more readily .
The report projects that human - caused climate change will progressively tip the odds toward more trouble .
But it stresses that increasing resilience to disasters can help limit climate risks , as well , even as it reduces poverty and potentially boosts global security .
I ’ll be adding some experts ’ perspectives on the report in the comment space below as they come in .
Here ’s a video produced by the United Nations summarizing what officials there see as the main points ( UPDATE : some disaster experts are upset about several aspects of the video ; see Ben Wisner comment below ) :
A new broadband survey out from Strategy Analytics shows the US in 20th position when it comes to household broadband use , well behind countries like South Korea , Singapore , and the Netherlands .
The report focuses on broadband penetration by household rather than by person .
Many other reports use a per-capita broadband measurement , but Strategy Analytics says that those reports are simply using the wrong data .
" In far too many cases , people are looking at the wrong things , " said Strategy Analytics ' Ben Piper .
" Residential broadband is overwhelmingly consumed on a household basis — not individually .
Reporting broadband penetration on a per-capita basis misses the mark , and can provide grossly misleading results . "
Using this metric , South Korea tops the list ; 95 percent of South Korean households have a broadband connection .
No one else comes close to that figure , either .
The number two spot on the list is held by Singapore , which has 88 percent household broadband penetration .
The US , with a mere 60 percent household broadband penetration , is in 20th position on the list .
Strategy Analytics estimates that the US will fall to 23rd place by the end of the year .
Here are the top 20 countries and their respective household broadband percentages :
South Korea ( 95 % )
Singapore ( 88 % )
Netherlands ( 85 % )
Denmark ( 82 % )
Taiwan ( 81 % )
Hong Kong ( 81 % )
Israel ( 77 % )
Switzerland ( 76 % )
Canada ( 76 % )
Norway ( 75 % )
Australia ( 72 % )
Finland ( 69 % )
France ( 68 % )
United Kingdom ( 67 % )
United Arab Emirates ( 65 % )
Japan ( 64 % )
Sweden ( 63 % )
Estonia ( 62 % )
Belgium ( 62 % )
USA ( 60 % )
To what does Strategy Analytics attribute the phenomenal Internet saturation of South Korea ?
" Its highly urbanized population , as well as to the existence of a comprehensive government - backed broadband policy . "
The Federal Communications Commission is currently drafting such a plan for the US .
Miss McConnell wants in on the Foley - Crist West Palm Beach action
According to Crist 's Web site , McConnell gave the governor a full - throated endorsement .
" Decisions are being made every day in Washington that have a direct impact upon the lives of all Americans and we need Charlie Crist in the U.S. Senate to ensure that those decisions will benefit the citizens of Florida . ”
Crist , McConnell and other party luminaries are slated to attend a campaign fundraising event for the governor later this month at the National Republican Senatorial Committee ’s Washington headquarters .
Bunning has n't exactly received the royal treatment since announcing his bid for a third - term .
Last month , McConnell skirted questions during a TV interview Sunday on whether he 'll endorse the Hall of Fame pitcher ’s bid .
Bunning is widely considered the most vulnerable incumbent seeking re-election to the Senate in 2010 .
You remember the news reports about how Charlie Crist helped cover - up Mark Foley 's congressional child molester scandal ?
" The FBI and the Justice Department informed Jeb Bush and [ Florida ] Attorney General Charlie Crist 's office of the Crist Child Protection Cyber Crime Unit at least a year ago [ 2005 ] about Foley 's predatory e-mails and instant messages .
So why did n't Crist say anything ?
Well , informed Republican sources claim that until now Crist and Jeb Bush have been able to keep a lid on Crist 's lifestyle -- touting his conservative Christian credentials -- but that Foley 's revelations will severely impact Crist 's chances for governorship .
The links between Foley and Crist are certain to harm Crist with his conservative backers who admire him for his anti-gay rights stance .
" Crist skated while the Established circled the wagons around Foley , said he was a naughty boy who got drunk and sent some inappropriate e-mails and that was that .
No one talked much about him breaking into the congressional pages ' dorm at midnight -- looking for a computer maybe ?-- or about any of the ex-pages who admitted having had sex with him .
It was just " inappropriate e-mails , " no penetrations or anything physical .
Today another Republican hypocrite and closet case , Mitch McConnell ( AKA - Miss McConnell ) , has endorsed Crist in his bid for the Republican nomination for the open Senate seat in Florida .
Crist and McConnell have a great deal in common -- the closet queen thing first and foremost -- but what they dohave in common is McConnell 's right wing politics , which he shares with Crist 's opponent , Marco Rubio .
Rubio's politics is much more in line with the radical right bent of the Republican Senate caucus .
Just yesterday he was tweeting away about opposing health care reform and there is no doubt he would fit right in with McConnell 's obstructionist strategy .
Crist , on the other hand , has angered many conservatives by his cooperation with Obama and his embrace of more moderate policies , something that would serve him well against the extremely weak Democrat in the general election -- but that could cause him problems in the GOP primary .
You think the McClatchy reporter or editor is having some fun with terms like " full throated endorsement " and " royal treatment " in this story ?
Labels : Charlie Crist , Florida , gay Republicans , Mitch McConnell , Republican hypocrisy , Rubio , Senate 2010
A Chinese soldier marches past a rocket on display outside the barracks in central Beijing , China , on January 21 , 2007 China has come under growing pressure to explain the shooting - down of a satellite as condemnation continued to pour in from around the globe .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
In comparison , the LM - 5D stands 2 meters taller and weighs over 100k kilograms more than the Atlas V rocket pictured here .
In recent years , China 's export of space technology , including satellites and satellite - launching services , has been closely tied to its attempts to acquire natural resources globally .
The LM - 5D will put China in a more favorable position , capable of competing with the United States and Russia .
( UPI Photo / Joe Marino - Bill Cantrell ) | License Photo
HONG KONG , April 10 ( UPI ) -- China has created a new , powerful carrier rocket with military capabilities that can launch multiple satellites into space .
The rocket supports China 's strategy of marketing satellites , communications technologies and launch services overseas , especially to oil - producing countries .
Advertisement
At the most recent Zhuhai Air Show , China introduced a high - capacity LM - 5D carrier rocket with a diameter of 5 meters at the core section , bundled with one 2.25 - meter - diameter booster and two 3.35 - meter - diameter boosters .
The carrier rocket has a length of 60 meters , a takeoff weight of 675,000 kilograms and the capacity to send targets of 10,000 kilograms into geostationary transfer orbit .
The initial flight of the rocket is expected no later than 2014 .
This type of carrier rocket deserves attention , as its advanced upper stage can be integrated with a CZ - 5 carrier rocket to directly blast designated equipment to medium Earth orbit and geostationary Earth orbit , or even lunar orbit .
The rocket is capable of deploying multiple satellites and has outstanding capability for orbit maneuvering and orbit transfer .
It can function in orbit for seven to 10 days .
This advanced - upper - stage rocket is of critical importance for the People 's Liberation Army in its research of orbit transfers and orbital killer satellites .
The advanced upper stage of the rocket has a diameter of 3.8 meters , and the thrust power of the engine is 35 kilonewtons .
The CZ - 5 is likely to be deployed on Hainan Island , where conditions are favorable for the launch of satellites into geosynchronous or geostationary orbits .
Most of the United States ' ballistic missile early - warning satellites and communications satellites are deployed in this orbit range .
The CZ - 5 is capable of sending a 25 - ton - class satellite into low Earth orbit and a 12 - ton - class satellite into geosynchronous orbit .
By the time the rocket is ready for launch , the quality of China 's image - reconnaissance satellite will have improved greatly .
At a weight of around 14 tons , it will be on par with the technological standard of the KH - 12 image - reconnaissance satellite of the U.S. military .
In recent years , China 's export of space technology , including satellites and satellite - launching services , has been closely tied to its attempts to acquire natural resources globally .
The LM - 5D will put China in a more favorable position , capable of competing with the United States and Russia .
China 's sales of space technologies overseas have so far focused on its traditional allies , such as Pakistan , and oil - rich countries like Venezuela and Nigeria .
On Oct. 17 , China signed a contract with Pakistan to provide a PakSat - 1 communications satellite and launching service .
This is China 's third such foreign contract .
It produced a communications satellite for Nigeria and launched it in May 2007 , and it did the same for Venezuela with a successful launch in October 2008 .
--
( Andrei Chang is editor in chief of Kanwa Defense Review Monthly , registered in Toronto .
Jeff Chen is a reporter for the same magazine . )
RAMPANT movie piracy is costing the Australian film industry more than $ 233 million a year and affects at least 50,000 workers .
Many people who download films from illegal file - sharing websites believe the practice is a victimless crime .
Marley and Me starring Jennifer Aniston and Owen Wilson one of the films copied by movie pirates .
But the operations director for the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft , Neil Gane , said that was not the case .
" There are more than 50,000 Australians , directly or indirectly , working in the film and television industry , " he said .
" They are the people losing their jobs due to movie piracy .
It 's the people who own the local DVD shop who are having to lay off staff . "
The Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance 's director , Simon Whipp , who represents performers , said movie piracy ripped off some of the lowest - paid workers .
Politics and Journalism in the New Media Age
Michael Van Gorkom was laid off by Yahoo in late April .
He did n’t panic .
He did n’t rush off to a therapist .
Instead , the 33 - year - old Santa Monica resident discovered that being jobless “ kind of settled nicely . ”
Week one : “ I thought , ‘ OK . . .
I need to send out resumes , send some e-mails , need to do networking . ”
Week two : “ A little less . ”
Every week since : “ I ’m going to go to the beach and enjoy some margaritas . ”
What most people would call unemployment , Van Gorkom embraced as “ funemployment . ”
While millions of Americans struggle to find work as they face foreclosures and bankruptcy , others have found a silver lining in the economic meltdown .
These happily jobless tend to be single and in their 20s and 30s .
Some were laid off .
Some quit voluntarily , lured by generous buyouts .
Buoyed by severance , savings , unemployment checks or their parents , the funemployed do not spend their days poring over job listings .
They travel on the cheap for weeks .
They head back to school or volunteer at the neighborhood soup kitchen .
And at least till the bank account dries up , they ’re content living for today .
“ I feel like I ’ve been given a gift of time and clarity , ” said Aubrey Howell , 29 , of Franklin , Tenn. , who was laid off from her job as a tea shop manager in April .
After sleeping in late and visiting family in Florida , she recently mused on Twitter : “ Unemployment or funemployment ? ”
Never heard of funemployment ?
Here ’s Urban Dictionary ’s definition : “ The condition of a person who takes advantage of being out of a job to have the time of their life .
I spent all day Tuesday at the pool ; funemployment rocks ! ”
It may not have entered our daily lexicon yet , but a small army of social media junkies with a sudden overabundance of time is busy Tweeting : “ Funemployment road trip to Portland . ”
“ Funemployment is great for catching up on reading ! ” “ Averaging 3 rounds of golf a week plus hockey and bball .
who needs work ? ”
As frivolous as it sounds , funemployment is a statement about American society .
Experts say it ’s both a reflection of the country ’s cultural narcissism -- and attitudes of entitlement and self - centeredness -- and a backlash against corporate America and its “ Dilbert " - like work environment .
“ Recession gives people permission to be unemployed , ” said David Logan , a professor at USC ’s Marshall School of Business .
“ Why not make use of the time and go do something fun ? ”
Jean Twenge , co-author of “ The Narcissism Epidemic : Living in the Age of Entitlement , ” said in some cases , many employees had lost balance between work and life , with too many late nights and weekends spent at the office .
When they stop working , they realize how much they had given up .
Nina Flores , 28 , quit her job as a jury consultant in Costa Mesa on Feb. 1 and has no regrets .
“ You figure out how much . . . you miss when maybe you ’re tied to your BlackBerry all the time or , in my case , traveling for work all the time , ” she said .
“ I ca n’t imagine doing that again and sacrificing everything I want to do for me .
. . .
I think it is a new way of thinking . ”
For many younger people , Twenge said , work is less central to their lives .
These days , more people than in the 1970s are saying they want jobs with a lot of vacation time , according to preliminary data from Twenge ’s generational surveys .
Younger employees today also are less willing to work overtime .
And , when asked if they would quit their jobs if they had money , more are answering “ yes , ” though the majority still say they would continue working .
“ It really suggests there has been that generational shift that work is not the be all and end all , ” said Twenge , an associate professor of psychology at San Diego State .
Flores said she finds herself looking into jobs she would have never considered before , even if it means taking a big pay cut .
What ’s more important , she said , is flexibility , lots of vacation time and something that does n’t have “ that 9 - to - 5 " feeling .
Amanda Rounsaville , 34 , of Los Angeles quit her job as a program officer at the California Endowment in late March .
A self - described workaholic who rarely called in sick or used vacation days , Rounsaville found a certain peace last month during her three - week trek through northern Mongolia with two friends , sleeping in $ 3 - a - night , tent - like gers .
“ I literally found myself smiling uncontrollably at being that far away from everything , ” Rounsaville said .
Enjoying the solitude , she found herself contemplating : “ Do we work to live or do we live to work ?
Do I have life goals that are not work goals ? ”
Both Flores and Rounsaville discovered that they like themselves better when they ’re not consumed by their jobs .
“ This is the best version of me , ” Flores said , adding that she feels “ completely healthy , ” relaxed and focused .
Rounsaville agreed : “ The rat race puts blinders on you and makes time fly , and then the next thing you know , you ’ve missed the chance to be your more exciting self , or to push yourself in a gutsier direction . ”
For some in older generations , watching their children embrace an escape from responsibility is difficult .
So while a young unemployed person might be saying , “ This is awesome .
I ’m having a really good time , ” their parents are probably asking , “ Have n’t you gotten a job yet ? ”
Twenge said .
Flores ’ decision to quit her job was initially met by concern and worry by her parents and some friends , but she thinks it ’s partly because they simply can’t relate .
By the time her parents ’ generation reached their late 20s and early 30s , most were married with children .
Van Gorkom ’s father had a similar response .
Since being laid off as Yahoo Music ’s director of user experience design , Van Gorkom said he has purchased a laptop and started shopping for a new couch , “ which my dad does n’t understand . ”
As he spends money , his father is nervously asking Van Gorkom whether he needs any money .
USC ’s Logan is n’t convinced funemployment is unique to this generation .
The notion of slackers -- or whatever label is in vogue -- has been around for decades .
What ’s different , he said , is the new social media that allows the unemployed to find each other and make plans through Facebook and Twitter .
Andy Deemer , one of Rounsaville ’s traveling companions , points out that they went to Mongolia with “ someone two people removed from me that I had only met once two years ago at a cocktail party . ”
The 36 - year - old New Yorker and college pal of Rounsaville ’s , said they connected with that third travel mate through Facebook and word of mouth .
The daily lives of the unemployed have never been more public .
They can post online photos of globe - trotting vacations , blog about their long lunches and broadcast via Twitter the day ’s weighty choices , as @james6378 did last week when deciding between Lucky Charms and Frosted Flakes cereals .
By thumbing their collective noses at employment , they also are sending a message to corporate America , Logan said .
“ People are saying screw it and they ’re leaving companies , ” Logan said .
“ We need to figure out how to make companies work better for everybody .
Until that happens . . . early retirements and furloughs are going to continue .
People are going to opt out of the system . ”
Deemer , an independent filmmaker who also worked at CNET and about.com , said he actually enjoyed corporate America , up until November when the Internet start - up he was working for failed to get financing .
After it tanked , he sold his New York apartment , put his belongings in storage , turned his parents ’
Beijing home into base camp , and embarked on a spiritual quest to find various mystics and shamans around Asia .
“ I ’m a little worried , ” he said of his future financial stability .
“ There ’s a nagging sense of fear that does gnaw at me when I consider it . ”
But Deemer has taken big risks before in the name of fulfilling a dream .
He quit his CNET job to make the low - budget cult movie “ Poultrygeist : Night of the Chicken Dead , ” which still makes him “ smile big . ”
He expects no less from his Asian adventure .
With his friends in tow , Deemer has already managed to visit a fortuneteller in Myanmar and a tarot card reader in Thailand , and to spend a few days with Saffron Revolution monks near the Thailand - Myanmar border .
In Mongolia , he searched 10 days for a reindeer - herding shaman , finally tracking her down on his last day .
She wore tight jeans , a glittery purple sweater and a rhinestone headband .
She typed on a laptop .
He found her both mystical and authentic , though when he returned from his Trans - Siberian adventure to Beijing , he felt unchanged .
But since he was seeking answers , the Mongolian shaman had one for him .
On a Post - it , she wrote his fortune in Cyrillic .
The last sentence , in a nutshell : Go back to work .
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
Аз май бях единственият , който не се кефеше кой знае колко на Megan Fox .
Жена като жена , хах .
Но вече тези снимки в британското списание GQ ми харесват 🙂
Сподели с приятел и
Shortly after the big win , revelers gathered outside Staples Center and , uh , trimmed trees to make kindling for a fire in the middle of the street .
I know times are tough , but if you 're trying to survive these cold Southern California summers , it 's easier to put on a T - shirt .
Most people do n't realize it , but downtown is so full of wine bars these days that you can throw a rock and hit one .
Somebody did , breaking another window .
The owners of a different wine bar locked the doors and stood in front until late into the night .
They did n't seem to be celebrating .
Maybe having two espresso machines 100 feet apart made Lakers fans jittery after the team won its 15th NBA title in Orlando .
A metal trash can went through a window of the coffee shop immediately east of Ralph's .
Something else broke the glass door of a smoothie shop immediately west .
You did n't have a real supermarket for 50 years until Ralph 's opened in 2007 .
It 's so nice ; there 's a dry cleaner and a Coffee Bean inside .
And you know what 's next door ?
Another Coffee Bean .
Literally -- the next door .
See , downtown ?
This is why you can't have nice things .
I was standing between LA Live and Staples Center within an hour of the Lakers ' victory .
I was walking the streets a little further east as the LAPD struggled to chase the last of the knuckleheads from downtown .
What should have been a proud moment for the redeveloped area was anything but .
LA Live is supposed to be our version of New York 's Times Square .
When I drove by on my way home , there was n't a soul visible -- just some squad cars belonging to the officers who had run everybody away .
It was n't even midnight yet .
In the real Times Square , bars were still open -- even with the three - hour time difference .
Last call can be as late as 4 a.m. in New York .
Yet here in L.A. , where the people had good reason to celebrate and gather at a monument to the city , it did n't feel there was anything worth toasting -- or anywhere open to do so .
This reaction is nothing new .
I was staying in the Radisson Hotel at Figueroa and Exposition when the Lakers won a title over Indiana on June 20 , 2000 .
Born in L.A. , I was just about to move back and thought it was cool that the hotel parking lot became the turnaround for an impromptu parade that spanned 25 blocks from Staples Center , back - and - forth for several hours .
Later , I found out that two cop cars were set ablaze and that 11 people had been arrested .
Early reports from this year 's mayhem indicate at least twice as many arrests .
I did n't see any cruisers on fire , but I watched the LAPD try to put out blazes in a pair of dumpsters .
Thick smoke choked the street about half a mile east of Staples , and I could n't help but wonder if something you do n't want to touch is even worse when you 're breathing it in .
Speaking of bad smells , I was thankful that a porta - potty I passed was n't on fire -- though it had been toppled onto its side .
The good news ?
Only a few of the hooligans were actually , well , hooligans .
It seemed that the damage was done by a small number of people .
And the LAPD showed a lot of restraint , and occasionally courtesy .
A squad car pulled up next to me at a red light and the officer -- observing that I was n't in a Lakers jersey or testing my horn with my fist -- politely called out , " Be safe out there . "
On Wednesday , the Lakers and the city will split the cost for a victory parade , headed down a corridor where fans will come but might not be under normal circumstances .
I would usually be shocked to see a Laker there , unless Lamar Odom was satisfying his sweet tooth at a fast - food joint or Adam Morrison was looking for a payday advance ( at $ 4 million per year , you 'd think he could dress sharper while sitting on the bench ) .
The Lakers have done a lot for this city .
It 's not just bragging rights for their 15 championships .
It 's the Staples Center and , as a result , LA Live .
It 's hope for a downtown area that used to have none .
They deserve this parade .
But do we ?
Let this moment be a reminder to treat downtown a little better .
If you 've got money , spend some at one of the eclectic restaurants or bars .
Help them stay open late , so people have somewhere nice to gather .
If you 're broke , support the community and check out a free event like an art walk , organized bike ride , or special museum night .
Or at least stop throwing metal trash cans at everything .
-- Adam Rose
First photo : Unruly Lakers fans damage a police car in front of Staples Center after the Lakers won the NBA championship .
Credit : Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times
Second photo : A mob destroys a car parked near Staples Center following the Lakers ' championship - clinching victory in the NBA Finals .
Credit : Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times
Third photo :
A trash can gets thrown on a car as unruly Lakers fans surround a car at Pico and Figuerora after the Lakers won the NBA championship .
Credit : Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times
Fourth photo : Unruly Lakers fans loot a shoe store near the Staples Center after the Lakers won the NBA championship .
Credit : Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times
Fifth photo : Unruly Lakers fans jump on and rock a passing car on Pico Boulevard after the Lakers won the NBA championship .
Credit : Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times
DETROIT  General Motors said on Friday that it would reverse plans to close two plants near Detroit after Michigan won a three - state battle to be the site where G.M. will build a new small car .
G.M. said that it had chosen to make the car at its Orion Township assembly plant , which was scheduled to close in September , over plants in Janesville , Wis. , and Spring Hill , Tenn .
A metal - stamping plant about five miles away from Orion in the city of Pontiac will stay open to supply the Orion plant .
About 1,400 of the 5,000 jobs at those plants will be retained .
The Orion and Pontiac plants were among 14 factories  seven of which are in Michigan  identified by G.M. on June 1 that were scheduled to close when it filed for bankruptcy protection .
The decision means that the Spring Hill plant will close in November , though G.M. has said it could reopen later if additional production is needed .
The Janesville plant closed in December .
Setting Up Geoip To Track Ip Address Locations
In Wireshark
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " > Wireshark v1.2 includes integration with Mind Max 's free set of GeoIP database files for country , city and ASN .
In this video , Laura Chappell ( founder of Wireshark University and presenter for chappellseminars.com ) shows how to set up this experimental feature in the new Wireshark v1.2. < br></div >< br>Tags : wireshark , geoip , mapping , monitoring < style type =" text / css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style >
Tags : tools ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Asstacular – adjective – referencing ass .
Pronunciation – Ass-tack- u-lar
Ass that ascends the ganga level aspires to become asstacular .
This describes the sheer spectacle of staring at ass hand - shaped by angels , lovingly squeezed into clothing , and out on display for your undeserving eyes .
In the presence of asstacular women men are often struck instantly dumb , deaf , and mute – unable to react to the calls of friends , family , or worse – their woman !
Many Niger Delta residents only see the negative side of the oil industry Lobby group Amnesty International has urged the new head of oil firm Royal Dutch Shell to end years of pollution and environmental damage in Nigeria .
Peter Voser takes over on Wednesday , a day after Amnesty released a report saying there was a " human rights tragedy " in Nigeria 's main oil region .
Shell Petroleum Development Company , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell , is the main operator in the Niger Delta .
It says most of the pollution is the result of attacks and sabotage .
The Amnesty International report says the oil industry has resulted in impoverishment , conflict , human rights abuses in the region .
There is little of value in it - no new insights
Shell response to Amnesty report
The report also alleges that the Nigerian government is failing to hold oil companies to account for the pollution they have caused .
The author of the report , Audrey Gaughran , said the majority of cases reported to Amnesty International related to Shell .
" Shell has been operating [ in the Niger Delta ] for half a century and the problems of the Niger Delta are problems that Shell has to face up to , " she told the BBC World Service .
She said Shell must come to grips with its legacy in the Niger Delta .
" It ca n't just be a case of ' Let 's just forget the past and move on . ' "
" We 've asked Peter Voser directly ... to come clean on the impact , to disclose information which we believe is a critical part of dealing with the situation in the Niger Delta . "
Dangerous conditions
In a written statement provided to the BBC , Shell hit back at Amnesty saying the group had made no attempt at open dialogue .
The firm dismissed the report , saying : " There is little of value in it .
No new insights .
No findings that might help change the way things are . "
The statement denied Shell had been negligent and said Amnesty had made no attempt to understand the extreme challenges of conducting operations in the Niger Delta .
" About 85 % of the pollution from our operation comes from attacks and sabotage that also puts our staff 's lives and human rights at risk .
In the past 10 days we have had five attacks , " the report stated .
" In the last three years , gangs have kidnapped 133 Shell Petroleum Development company employees and contractors while five people working for our joint venture have been killed in assaults and kidnappings in the same period . "
These concerns and the general insecurity in the area , according to Shell , prevent it from running maintenance programmes that might otherwise be run in areas of little or no conflict .
Militants in the Niger Delta say they stage attacks on oil installations as part of their fight for the rights of local people to benefit more from the region 's oil wealth .
But many attacks are staged for financial gain .
Earlier this month , Shell paid $ 15.5 million to settle a lawsuit in the US for human rights abuses in Nigeria .
The company is also facing legal action in The Hague concerning repeated oil spills which have damaged the livelihoods of Nigerian fisherfolk and farmers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have been caught in an eco-pity party several time lately .
A pity party thrown , of course , by myself .
Wallowing in what seems to be an eco-friendly void .
Here in Metro Philadelphia , PA it seems as though everyone on the West Coast , UK , or insert - far - off - place - here has abundant opportunity to live an eco-friendly lifestyle .
Where I am merely Sisyphus pushing an every growing carbon ball up a hill , only for it to roll down for me to start over again .
Well , turns out it ’s not so bad here in Pennsylvania , and it might actually qualify as good !
Philadelphia is taking steps to be a prominent green city and has started implementing several tangible small steps .
And the casa de la Nesta is moving toward minimal dependence on the grid .
We are pursuing solar energy !
With Federal
Tax incentives and an incredible state rebate program , there ’s some easier green living in Pennsylvania .
To say I ’m excited would be an understatement .
Over the next several months I ’m hoping to highlight the journey ( hopefully with an emphasis on a joyful road ) of getting our system up and running and touting it ’s benefits far and wide .
I ’ve been amazed at how little information there seems to be out in the blogophere about more homes going down that road .
So , here I am .
My little urban house in the Northeast .
Doing my part to be more self - sufficient and hopefully helping others realize the benefits .
Stay tuned !
" Project Management " has always been a term more likely to elicit a groan than a smile .
Nevertheless , the use of project management skills is often what distinguishes an easy , successful project from a painful and unsatisfactory one .
In a world where clients and business partners increasingly want a full solution , rather than just the component pieces of design and code , having basic project management skills , at least , is quickly becoming a requirement for web professionals .
In this article I ’ll talk about what project management ( PM ) is and what it is n’t , introduce you to the basics of the project lifecycle , and provide you with an arsenal of tools that you can use to make your projects run smoother , faster , and easier , starting from today .
I also include some handy documents you can download for use in your own projects in zip file format .
So , what IS Project Management ?
The Project Management Institute ’s definition of PM is : " … the application of knowledge , skills , tools , and techniques to project activities to meet project requirements . "
( PMBOK Guide , 3rd Edition , Project Management Institute Inc. , Pennsylvania , 2004 . )
A less abstract version of this definition is that PM is what you need to make a project happen on time , within budget , with required scope , and quality .
My personal definition is that PM is the simplest way to look like a superhero without requiring the involvement of any radioactive spiders or questionable parentage .
There are also lots of things that PM is n’t , the most notable being a replacement for personal productivity .
Whether you use a simple todo .
txt file , a hipster PDA , or a full GTD ( that stands for Getting Things Done ) system to keep yourself organized , you ’re still going to need to use PM tactics .
PM is all about making the project happen — how you complete the work that you need to do for the project is up to you .
Mixing up personal productivity and PM is one of the main reasons for those groaning reactions I mentioned earlier : if you make your PM tools double up as your to - do list , then you ’re obviously going to end up with a lot more detail than anyone else in the project ( including the client ! ) needs to see .
It ’s a very common mistake seen with smaller projects , where realistically the project manager is also doing a lot of the project work , if not all .
It can be a lot easier to keep the distinction in large - scale projects with dedicated project managers , but even there you see evidence of the mistake , with project plans starting to look more like personal brainstorms rather than a path to a future that involves getting home in time to see your kids .
Now that we ’ve talked a little about what PM is and is n’t , let ’s move on to looking at the project lifecycle .
The Generic Project Lifecycle
The generic project lifecycle is fairly simple — first you begin the project ( Initiation ) , then you go on to actually do the project ( Planning , Executing , and Controlling , which form a loop , since expecting things to go right first time is rather unrealistic ) and finally you finish by making everyone happy and , with any luck , receiving payment ( Closure ) .
This process is illustrated in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 .
The project lifecycle ( see larger image in new window )
Since typically most time and effort is spent in the Executing ( completing tasks ) and Controlling ( keeping everything on track ) phases , many people think these are the most important .
It is true that these should be where you spend most of your time — after all , nothing would be completed if you did n’t ! — but they are not the most important .
The most important project phases are Initiation , Planning , and Closure .
Let ’s take a closer look at these three phases to see why .
Initiation
I often argue that the most important project phase is that of initiation .
It ’s where you make the contract ( or agreement , if you are doing projects internal to an organization ) with your clients , work out why the project is happening , what you ’re trying to achieve , and what defines the project ’s success .
Projects that are set up correctly are much more likely to succeed than those that are n’t .
This means that making clear what the expectations and objectives are from the outset is important .
It also means that defining what success looks like is essential .
At this stage it ’s also useful to look at assumptions ( for example , the company ’s branding might be expected to stay the same for the duration of the project ) and the constraints ( such as the people who need to approve the design might be away on holiday for the whole of September ) .
Planning
In preparing for battle , I have always found that plans are useless , but planning is indispensable
— Eisenhower
Planning is very important , but often not for the reasons that people assume .
There are a few reasons to plan , including :
forming a better understanding of what needs to be achieved
identifying dependencies ( such as the design needing to be completed before it can be coded )
communicating with the client
collaborating with your team members , so that everyone understands the big picture and the implications if delays are experienced
You ’ll notice that I do n’t list " so you can follow it slavishly " as a reason for planning .
Much as you may be able to plan tomorrow ’s work in detail , it ’s impossible to plan an entire project in lots of detail at the outset .
It ’s also unnecessary : yes , you need to know the key milestones that need to be delivered , the dependencies , and rough timelines , but trying to plan down to the day , hour , or minute at the outset of the project is futile .
Nothing stays the same for long enough for that approach to make sense .
Also of great importance to the planning stage is identifying who is going to be involved with the project , both on your side ( who ’s going to be in your team ? ) and on the client ’s side ( who will you be dealing with and receiving input from ? )
The term stakeholder refers to anyone who has some interest in your project ; this may include the marketing people who want to use the web site you ’re developing as a marketing tool , the admins who will be asked to add new content , and the salespeople who may want to make sure the web site does n’t say too much and that they still have plenty of negotiation room .
It ’s important when identifying stakeholders to remember that hierarchy does n’t define importance where your project is concerned — if the admin team find it too hard to update , their lack of support can be just as damaging as when the CEO does n’t like the color scheme .
Closure
Web projects do n’t end when the site goes live .
If you ’ve ever tried to just send a site live and then held out your hand for the check , you ’ll have experienced what I term the " undead stakeholder " phenomenon : people who had a stake in the project returning again and again with more requests or improvements or even just support queries .
The reality is that your project is n’t finished until the key stakeholders agree that it ’s finished , which is another reason why defining the success of the project in the initiation phase is so important .
So what do you need to do in the closure phase ?
Firstly , you need to demonstrate that you have met the success criteria .
Secondly , you need to obtain the stakeholders ’ agreement that you have met the success criteria .
Thirdly , you need to make sure that the future of the product you developed ( whether it be an application or a web site ) is assured .
Typically , this last will mean putting in place some sort of support structure .
If you ’re going to deal with the ongoing support and maintenance yourself , then you need a Service Level Agreement , as we ’ll see shortly .
If you ’re handing over to another team , then you need to make sure they have the training and documentation that they need .
So what ’s So Hard about That ?
When you look at the project lifecycle this way , it all seems like common sense .
So why do so many projects suffer from delays , overrun budgets , or fail to deliver the desired features and quality ?
The reality is that paying attention to the different phases of a project is n’t hard and does n’t even require much time .
Unfortunately , however , there are two perceptions that mean people seldom give PM the attention it needs .
The first is the perception that PM distracts from the " real work , " whether it be designing , coding , or some other facet of web work .
The unfortunate reality , however , is that without appropriate PM the " real work " expended can all be for nothing — what you build might be beautiful , but if it does n’t help if it ’s the wrong thing .
The second perception is that PM takes a huge amount of time .
This can certainly be true : if you try to do everything that traditional PM demands it can definitely turn into a full - time job .
There ’s a balancing act between the " science " of PM ( what you ’re told you should do ) and the " art " of project management ( what you actually need to do ) .
Let ’s focus a little more on the minimalist side of the art .
Essential Tools for Getting it Right
I ’ve asserted that being successful at PM is n’t hard , and now I ’m going to introduce you to a set of essential tools for the arsenal of every web project manager .
Each tool has its own strengths and weaknesses , from those that are best for communication , for gaining a better understanding of what needs to be achieved , for collaborating with your team , to those that help you keep in control of your project .
It ’s important to understand a given tool ’s strengths in order to ensure that you are using it appropriately .
Initiation Document
The most important tool for the initiation phase is very simple : it ’s a project initiation document that briefly summarizes why the project is happening .
This document complements ( but is quite separate from ) the contract that you would normally sign with your client .
( If your project is internal , this document complements the steps that occur within your organization before the project commences . )
An initiation document helps to ensure that everyone is aligned on the purpose of the project from the start , and is much shorter than a typical project contract .
The project initiation document needs to summarize :
the objective for the project ( what you are trying to achieve )
the key deliverables ( how you are going to achieve the objective )
the overall rationale for the project ( why you are doing it at all )
Other things that should be included in the initiation document are key assumptions and constraints , as well as success criteria .
This document should be a maximum of two pages in length .
The other important point about an initiation document is that you should n’t just write it and then forget about it .
It should be agreed upon with the key stakeholders in your project upfront ( including the overall sponsor or primary client contact ) and referred to on an ongoing basis .
When you are making the difficult decisions about what changes to scope or design should be accepted , referring to the original objectives and success criteria of the project can be invaluable .
You can download a sample initiation document ( zip file format ) .
Project Plan
Your project plan can ( and probably should ) take different forms depending on where you are in the project .
Initially a simple text document describing the main deliverables , big dependencies , high - level timeline , and the key resources required for the project might suffice .
Later on , though , you may decide that you need a proper schedule , probably in the form of a Gantt chart , which shows key deliverables ( listed as rows ) represented as bars across a timeline ( typically with weeks in columns ) , as shown in Figures 2 and 3 :
Figure 2 . A simple Gantt chart , implemented in Microsoft Excel
Figure 3 . A more detailed Gantt chart , implemented using Microsoft Project ( see larger image in new window )
Important guidelines for planning include :
Plan milestones , not tasks :
It ’s very hard to measure how complete a task is , whereas a milestone is binary : it ’s either done or it ’s not .
It ’s very hard to measure how complete a task is , whereas a milestone is binary : it ’s either done or it ’s not .
Break your milestones into small enough deliverables that you can track well :
Aim to have mini-milestones small enough that one can be delivered every two to three days , without breaking down into nonsensically small portions .
Aim to have mini-milestones small enough that one can be delivered every two to three days , without breaking down into nonsensically small portions .
Assign each mini-milestone to one ( and only one ) person : Clear responsibility makes it easier to get stuff done , and your team will appreciate that you show your trust in them .
Clear responsibility makes it easier to get stuff done , and your team will appreciate that you show your trust in them .
Reflect the authority level of your plan in the format : Sometimes people create full plans and schedules without doing the work behind them .
You ’ve probably been in a situation where you ’re presented with a plan that is telling you that you need to complete all design or coding in 13.5 days , without ever having been asked how long it will take you .
Make sure that your plan format reflects the best information you have at the moment , and no more .
If that means only sharing a flowchart or list of milestones with key members , rather than a full schedule or Gantt chart , then do so .
Risk Management Plan
There are risks to any endeavor , and web projects are no exception .
In order to manage your risks , you need to first identify what they are , then rank them by likelihood and severity .
It ’s up to you to decide where your threshold lies : you ’ll probably want to create a plan for dealing with those risks that are both likely and severe .
You also want to determine how you ’ll be identifying whether a risk is becoming an issue , so that you know when to trigger your contingency plans .
Along with the project plan , your risk management plan is something you should definitely share with your client and key stakeholders .
They need to understand what might go wrong and what you plan to do if these eventualities occur — they might even have better ideas for how to deal with certain contingencies !
Issue List
An issue list is very different from the bug lists you ’re probably using already .
Bug lists are about the technical defects you ’ve found in the product ; issue lists are about problems in the project itself .
It ’s therefore worth keeping the two lists separate — after all , the best person to fix the CSS padding bug is unlikely to also be the best person to negotiate a compromise between the marketing and admin departments so that the design can be finalized .
An issue list can have as many or as few fields as you need .
You ’ll want to keep it lean so it ’s not a drag to keep updated , but still contains information to make it useful .
Typically , I use an Excel spreadsheet kept where anyone can update it , with the following fields :
date entered
description
owner
status ( open , in progress , closed ) ?
solution
date resolved
You can download a sample issue list ( zip file format ) .
Balance Quadrant
The balance quadrant is a very useful tool when you ’re dealing with a number of requests to change the scope of your project — adding extra functionality , for instance .
There are four factors that are balanced in any project :
time
cost
quality
scope
The relationship between these factors is illustrated in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 .
The balance quadrant
The key message of the balance quadrant is that changing any one factor impacts the other three .
For instance , if you want to cut the time in half , you ’ll need to spend more money ( increase cost ) , reduce the amount to be done ( reduce scope ) , or make sacrifices in quality ( reduce quality ) .
This is demonstrated in Figure 5 , although you should n’t take this metaphor too literally — it just shows that a change to one part of the quadrant impacts on the other three .
Figure 5 .
An increase in one quadrant results in an increase or decrease in the remaining quadrants
Realistically , it ’s impossible to prevent changes in your project .
What you can do , however , is help the client and stakeholders understand the impact of those changes .
If it means the web application will be delivered two months later , is the latest whiz - bang feature request really worth it ?
They should be the ones deciding , but you are responsible for helping them to make a well - informed decision .
Stakeholder Reviews
Stakeholder reviews are a mechanism for identifying and exploring differences of opinion .
However much you and your team might feel that everything is going to plan , the project ’s stakeholders may disagree , whether it ’s the design they do n’t like , a key requirement they feel has been misinterpreted , or a missing feature .
By holding reviews with the key stakeholders , you can identify these issues early and decide whether or not a change in direction is needed .
You ca n’t realistically expect to achieve consensus all the time , but you can get the issues documented and the route forward agreed upon .
Keep these reviews short and focused and hold them face - to - face whenever possible .
Progress Updates
Whereas stakeholder reviews are useful for making sure that those who have an opinion about the product you are developing are heard , progress updates are more to keep people informed of progress in the overall project .
Keep this short and to the point : a good format has overall status at the top , sometimes using traffic lighting ( red for severe issues , yellow for off - track , and green for on - track ) if you are showing the status of several stages or milestones , with a more in - depth discussion of the specific achievements and issues following .
This means that those who just want to know how the project is going can just read the overall update at the top and can decide for themselves whether they want to continue reading to get the detail .
The other thing to consider is whether you are going to deliver progress updates over email , in a document , or in person .
Discuss this with your client or internal customers , along with the frequency desired .
You may find that only a monthly update is needed when things are going fine , but when issues are being encountered more frequent updates might be desirable .
An example progress update report is shown in Figure 6 .
Figure 6 . A progress update report
You can download a sample progress update report ( zip file format ) .
This is the last of the handy tools to use when you are actually doing the main work of your project .
Realistically , most of your time will be spent doing the work ( executing ) , keeping things on track ( controlling ) , and re-planning as needed .
Once all that work is completed and you ’re ready to go live , then you need to think about the next stage : closure .
Close - out Meeting
A close - out meeting is important to ensure that the project is finished to everyone ’s satisfaction .
It should center around the original project initiation document , reviewing the milestones that have been delivered and evaluating whether the success criteria have been met .
If decisions were made along the way ( during issue resolution or stakeholder reviews , for example ) that have resulted in a departure from the original deliverables and success criteria , then these should also be reviewed .
The outcome of a successful close - out meeting is that everyone is satisfied that the project is finished and that provision has been made for the future .
Depending on the circumstances of your particular project , the latter will either center around a Service Level Agreement ( SLA ) or a training plan .
Service Level Agreements
If you are going to provide the ongoing support and changes for the web site or product , then you will need to have an SLA in place .
This document sets out the expectations for changes and support , including how quickly you are expected to respond to different types of issues ; for instance , if the web site is unreachable or unusable , a faster response time would be expected than if there were simply a new page to be added .
You need to ensure that you cover all the different types of work that you or your client might expect you to do ; you also need to think about pricing .
If this ongoing work was not covered in your initial contract , you need to consider whether a new contract and fee agreement is needed .
Typically an SLA will describe the different levels of incident .
Sample levels that you might specify are critical ( nothing works ! ) , major ( something important is broken ) , minor ( less urgent , but still broken ) , and request ( nice to have ) .
You should also agree upon the expectation for how quickly each will be fixed ( for instance , critical tickets are normally dealt with within hours , major days , and minor weeks ) .
The SLA should also detail who should be contacted , whether there are different contacts for different types of issues ( hosting versus content versus design ) and what modes of communication should be used ( email versus telephone versus opening a ticket via an eform ) .
Training Plans
If you are handing over the ongoing support and maintenance to another group , you need to arrange to give appropriate training for the team taking over the work .
It ’s usually also worth providing documentation , so that inevitable personnel changes do n’t result in the new team members coming to you with questions months or even years later .
You should document everything that will need to happen in future for the site , from making content updates through to changing the design .
You might also be expected to detail how the product was initially developed , what the underlying technical design looks like , and the design themes that should guide future updates .
Again , this is an area where it ’s important to discuss expectations with your client ; you might feel you ’ve fulfilled all your obligations , but learn that they view the project as a failure because every incremental change renders your design less and less elegant , since those who inherited the site do n’t understand the overall themes .
A Note on Software :
You ’ll notice that the tools I described above were more focused around the business process than on specific software .
Of course , there are a myriad of software packages designed specifically for PM processes .
Many of them are very rigid , enforcing processes that might not be useful for your own projects .
I recommend using the most lightweight tool you can — pick whatever will be useful and used by your team .
It ’s better to have an Excel spreadsheet stored centrally that everyone can update than an all - singing , all - dancing Web 2.0 AJAXified application that no one except you bothers to log in to .
Sometimes adoption is more important than features !
Summary
In this article , we looked at what PM is ( and what it is n’t ) .
We discovered the key parts of the project lifecycle and saw why Initiation , Planning , and Closure are the phases that are most important but also most often overlooked .
Then we considered the essential tools that every web project manager should have in the toolkit , including initiation documents , project plans , risk plans , issue lists , the balance quadrant , stakeholder reviews , progress updates , close - out meetings , and SLAs and training plans .
This was really just a taste of PM , but I hope it will give you an understanding of the key processes and some tools that you can apply immediately .
There are , of course , more complex situations that may require more finesse , but before adding any extra process , please do make sure that it will really address the problem .
Many project problems are best resolved by improving communication rather than adding more detail to the schedule or more categories to the issue list .
The best way to get to grips with PM is to apply it !
Look at your current projects — which stages did you do well or skip completely ?
Will some of the tools discussed help your current projects to run smoothly ?
Or do you want to ensure that you get a proper initiation document written for your next project ?
PM requires a very different skill - set from designing and developing web sites .
This can mean that it seems both strange and unusual when you first start using the tools and processes we ’ve talked about here .
PM is not something that requires innate talent , however — with a little determination and focus , anyone can become an efficient project manager !
Crysis , the gorgeous sci- fi shooter from German developer Crytek Frankfurt , is a PC game .
So is its sequel , Crysis 2 — that , and an Xbox 360 and a PS3 game .
Advertisement
The game is the second entry in the planned Crysis triology and will be published by EA .
" The development of Crysis 2 marks a major stepping stone for our studio , " said Cevat Yerli , CEO and President of Crytek .
" This is not only the next game in the Crysis franchise , it 's the first title we are developing for consoles and the first title being built on CryENGINE 3 . "
No word on a release date .
Trivia
Scarlett Johansson admitted she was pretty enthusiastic when it came to the lesbian kissing scenes wth Penelope Cruz .
She said there were lots of sparks flying on the set of this movie , saying " I think there 's a lot of chemistry between the characters and all of us as actors and that 's where the steaminess comes from , because it 's not really explicit , I mean people kissing , and you even said by the rating , I mean nothing is like crazy about it , but it , you know because there 's such a chemistry between the characters and you 're really invested in them and it's such a turn it 's like whoa , wait a minute , like I thought that this was n't going to work out but it 's seemingly , and even my character 's kind of surprised by it herself , it 's sort of , you know . "
See more
Citizens in North Carolina will be protesting the house and senate bills HB 361 / SB 272 which would redefine marriage to be recognized as being the union of only one man and one woman .
The rally will be to show opposition to the bill , and to show support for equal rights and marriage equality in NC .
When - Saturday , June 13,2009
Time - 12 pm - 3pm
Where - Pritchard Park in downtown Asheville , NC .
Find out more at the LGBT Social Movement in Asheville NC .
June 19 , 2009 - Yasser Malaika
The tutorial_standards map has been expanded into a minimal example campaign add - on called ' Dead Line '
A new command line utility for creating and extracting from .
VPK files
Source files for all the official campaign maps
We 're pretty excited about this next Left 4 Dead update , and we hope you will be as well .
Since the Left 4 Dead Authoring Tools Beta was released several weeks ago , mod authors have been cooking with gas , so to speak .
The ranks of dedicated community members working hard to create new content have been swelling , and a very hungry horde awaits ...
We 've long believed that Left 4 Dead should fully support community content , and we 've been hard at work enhancing the UI and matchmaking systems to provide full support for your creations .
The latest update , which will be available via Steam next week , is focused on custom campaigns .
It introduces several key features : Third party campaigns are designed to be installed using a new Add - On framework .
Content authors will be able to package up their new maps , along with new posters , models , and textures , into a single .
VPK file .
To install and activate this content in - game , players need simply download the .VPK and double click on it .
Alternatively , they will be able to drop it into a new " addons " folder .
The list of installed add - ons will be viewable from a new item on the ' Extras ' main menu flyout .
Because Left 4
Dead is all about sharing , we 've re-tooled Left 4 Dead 's matchmaking system to provide extensive support for custom add - on campaigns .
When creating or searching for a lobby , a new option named " Add - on campaign " will let you select from among the add - on campaigns that you have installed .
You can then find games or lobbies as well as create a lobby for that campaign .
You can invite your friends , too .
If they do not have the campaign installed , they will automatically be offered an option to download it .
We 've also made it easier to create lobbies by adding a ' Create Lobby ' option directly from the ' Play Online ' menu .
Once you 're ready to go , the new matchmaking system will automatically try to find any dedicated servers nearby that have the custom add - on campaign installed , or you can make your own local server .
We 're also officially releasing the Authoring tools / SDK .
Thanks to all who provided feedback during the open beta , the authoring tools have been updated with a few fixes and several new additions , including :
Also , look for a new tutorial on how to package up your campaigns into add - ons on the Developer Community wiki Have fun !
Many people both young and old do not hold a Christian worldview because they have not been taught the foundational truths of God ’s Word beginning in Genesis .
Our dynamic speakers proclaim the truth and authority of the Bible amid growing compromise , anti-God rhetoric , and secular activism .
In churches and conferences in the US and around the globe , we are committed to stand uncompromisingly on the Word of God from the very first verse and to relate the relevance of a literal Genesis to today ’s world .
Event Calendar
December 21 , 2010 Update :
An adapted version of this paper , which focuses on the political aspects of the Arabic blogosphere and its role in the networked public sphere , appears in the December 2010 issue of New Media & Society .
You can download a PDF of the adapted version here .
This case study is part of a series of studies produced by the Internet & Democracy project .
The project ’s initial case studies investigated three frequently cited examples of the Internet ’s influence on democracy .
The first case looked at the user - generated news site OhmyNews and its impact on the 2002 elections in South Korea .
The second documented the role of technology in Ukraine ’s Orange Revolution .
The third analyzed the network composition and content of the Iranian blogosphere .
Fall 2008 saw the release of a new series of case studies , which broadened the scope of our research and examined some less well - known parts of the research landscape .
In a pair of studies , we reviewed the role of networked technologies in the 2007 civic crises of Burma 's Saffron Revolution and Kenya ’s post-election turmoil .
In April 2009 , Urs Gasser 's three - part case study examined the role of technology in Switzerland ’s semi-direct democracy .
This case expands on our study of foreign blogospheres with an analysis of the Arabic language blogosphere .
KEY FINDINGS
We conducted a study of the Arabic language blogosphere using link analysis , term frequency analysis , and human coding of individual blogs .
We identified a base network of approximately 35,000 active blogs , created a network map of the 6,000 most connected blogs , and with a team of Arabic speakers hand coded 4,000 blogs .
The goal for the study was to produce a baseline assessment of the networked public sphere in the Arab Middle East , and its relationship to a range of emergent issues , including politics , media , religion , culture , and international affairs .
A Country - based network ( view the full map ) : The Arabic blogosphere is organized primarily around countries .
We found the primary groupings to be : Egyptian ( largest , with distinct sub - and associated clusters , e.g. , Muslim Brotherhood bloggers , including some women ) ; Saudi Arabian ( second largest and focused comparatively more on technology than politics ) ; Kuwaiti ( divided into English and Arabic language sub-clusters ) ; Levantine / English Bridge ( bloggers in the Levant and Iraq using English and connected to the US and international blogospheres ) ; Syrian ; Maghrebi / French Bridge ; and Religion - Focused .
Demographic results indicate that Arabic bloggers are predominately young and male .
The highest proportion of female bloggers is found in the Egyptian youth sub-cluster , while the Syrian and Muslim Brotherhood clusters have the highest concentration of males .
Arabic media ecosystem : Bloggers link to Web 2.0 sites like YouTube and Wikipedia ( English and Arabic versions ) more than other sources of information and news available on the Internet .
Al - Jazeera is the top mainstream media source , followed by the BBC and Al - Arabiya .
Arabic bloggers tend to prefer more politically oriented YouTube videos over cultural ones .
Personal life and local issues are most important :
Most bloggers write mainly personal , diary - style observations .
But when writing about politics , bloggers tend to focus on issues within their own country , and are more often than not critical of domestic political leaders .
Foreign political leaders are discussed less often , but also more in negative than positive terms .
Domestic news is more popular than international news among general politics and public life topics .
The one political issue that clearly concerns bloggers across the Arab world is Palestine , and in particular the situation in Gaza ( Israel ’s December 2008 / January 2009 military action occurred during the study ) .
Other popular topics include religion ( more in personal than political terms ) and human rights ( more common than criticism of western culture and values ) .
Terrorism and the US are not major topics .
When discussing terrorism , Arab bloggers are overwhelmingly critical of terrorists .
When the US is discussed , it is nearly always critically .
Download PDF for the full Key Findings and paper .
June 15 , 2009 - Dave Riller
Today we 're releasing an update to the Source SDK that includes the .vmf source files for many of the official TF2 maps .
This is something we 've wanted to do for a while , especially as we 've been growing the range of game modes in TF .
Here 's the list of maps that are included in the update : Lumberyard , Ravine , Badlands , Dustbowl , Granary , Gravelpit , 2 Fort , Badwater , Goldrush , and Hydro .
For the beginner map makers out there , we hope this gives you an easier entry point by allowing you to alter or edit an existing map , as opposed to being forced to start from scratch .
For example , you could start by fine - tuning cover in Goldrush , alter the layout of Granary , or tweak the amount of health and ammo in Gravelpit .
Or maybe you just have a ton of ideas on how you think you could improve Hydro or 2 Fort .
We 'd love to see what you come up with .
For the experienced map makers , we hope this gives you a variety of examples of how we design and construct levels , the tools we use to finish the aesthetic / thematic elements , and some specific implementation solutions to performance and networking problems .
We also hope that it 'll reduce the amount of confusion around the game logic and entity setup required for the various TF game modes .
Our plan is to get more of our TF content source out in the SDK , so look for more maps & model sources in the future .
2009 NBA Free Agency Preview :
The top unrestricted free agents
Once the draft is over , the next step of the NBA offseason is the free agency period .
Negotiations start July 1 , but players have to wait until July 8 to actually sign on the dotted line .
Due to the economy , this promises to be an interesting summer , as more franchises seem to be trying to cut payroll than add talent .
There are eight teams with significant cap space this summer , and there ’s no guarantee that they ’ll be willing to use it .
Teams that are over the cap can add good players in two ways : 1 ) they can sign a player to the Mid-Level Exception ( MLE ) , which will be around $ 5.8 million per season ( and can be split up between two or more players ) , or 2 ) they can work out a sign - and - trade with the player ’s old team .
Below is a list of the top unrestricted free agents this summer .
These are players who can sign with whomever they like .
They ’re ranked in order of total value , which is based on overall talent , age , injury history and cost .
For each player , I ’ll provide his position , age , Player Efficiency Rating ( PER ) and an estimate of what kind of contract he ’s likely to sign .
1. Carlos Boozer , PF ( 27 years - old )
PER : 17.28
At press time , Boozer has n’t officially opted out , but he is expected to .
He can play another year for $ 12.3 million , but he thinks he ’s due for a raise , and I do n’t think he ’s going to get the kind of raise he ’s expecting .
Boozer is one of the top 20 players in the league when healthy , but it ’s that whole “ when healthy ” part that ’s the problem .
Over the past five seasons , he has missed a third of his team ’s games .
At 27 , he ’s in his prime , and assuming he has the right supporting cast , I think he can be one of a twosome or threesome on a championship - caliber team .
Boozer may not get a raise this summer , but he could get long - term security .
The Pistons , Raptors , Kings and Thunder all have the space to make a run at him , but Sacramento and OKC might consider themselves too far away from contending to add a big piece like Boozer .
The Pistons seem like the best fit , but they are rumored to have more interest in Ben Gordon .
There ’s always the possibility that another team works out a sign - and - trade with Utah , but I do n’t think anyone is going to give him a max deal , not in this economy .
Value : $ 12.0 – $ 13.0 million per year
2. Hedo Turkoglu , SF ( 30 )
PER : 14.82
With the Magic ’s trade for Vince Carter , and Turkoglu ’s rumored demands for a five - year deal worth $ 50 million , the general consensus is that Hedo wo n’t be back in Orlando .
I think the Magic would consider a three - year deal at around $ 8 million per season , but that would put the franchise in luxury tax territory for the foreseeable future .
( It would also make them a contender , so it may be worth it . )
The Blazers , Raptors and Kings are reportedly interested , but Toronto seems intent on re-signing Shawn Marion , so they may elect to go another direction .
Still , at 30 , he ’s not going to be as effective in the last two years of the contract as he is in the first three , so a five - year deal may be asking too much .
Value : $ 8.0 – $ 9.0 million per year
3. Ben Gordon , SG ( 26 )
PER : 17.02
The Bulls reportedly want to re-sign Gordon , but the Pistons seem interested and have a rumored promise of $ 11 million per season .
That seems steep for Gordon , who is undersized for an off guard , does n’t always have the best shot selection and has a reputation for being a less than stellar defender .
He is an outstanding shooter and scorer , and can carry a team at times with his offensive ability .
Gordon may sign for over $ 10 million per season , but I have a gut feeling that he ’s going to regret the decision to turn down two different extensions from the Bulls over the last two years .
Value : $ 8.0 – $ 9.0 million per year
4. Ron Artest , F ( 29 )
PER : 15.64
Artest played for $ 7.4 million last season , and I think his best bet for a contract that ’s more than the MLE is with the Rockets .
Do n’t expect them to break the bank , as Daryl Morey knows that the Rockets probably wo n’t have much competition for Artest ’s services .
He brings a lot to the table , both good and bad .
He ’s not a great fit with any of the teams with significant cap space , so the Rockets might be able to lock him up to a three - year deal for a bit more than the MLE .
Value : $ 7.0 – $ 8.0 million per year
5. Trevor Ariza , SF ( 24 )
PER : 15.51
Ariza really came on this season and was a big factor in the Lakers ’ championship run .
He averaged 11.3 points , 4.3 rebounds , 1.6 steals , and shot an astounding 48 % in the postseason .
That , plus his stellar defense , is exactly what the Lakers need out of the small forward position , and all indications are that they ’ll be able to re-sign him .
I ’d expect a MLE - type deal , because he ’s unlikely to leave L.A. even if another team offers him a little more money .
The Blazers and Kings could both make a run at him , but they would probably need to offer him $ 7 million or more per season to pry him away from L.A .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
6. Jason Kidd , PG ( 36 )
PER : 16.95
Barring a sign - and - trade , Portland and Atlanta are the only teams in the market for Kidd ’s services that could offer him more than a mid-level deal .
The general consensus is that he ’ll re-sign with the Mavs , though at 36 , I doubt Dallas gives him more than a two - year deal .
I think Mark Cuban will do what it takes to keep Kidd in town , or else he ’d have to deal with the ramifications that the Kidd - for - Devin Harris deal was a disaster .
( He ’s still in denial . )
Value : $ 7.5 – $ 8.5 million per year
7. Lamar Odom , F ( 29 )
PER : 16.60
Odom has said in the past that he can’t imagine not living near the beach , so I do n’t think that the Lakers have to come very strong to retain his services for another two or three years .
Most of the teams with cap space could use him , but I think he ’ll stay put .
When he plays to his potential , his value is well over $ 10 million per season , but given his age and tendency to disappear for long stretches , I think the Lakers will get a hometown discount .
I do n’t see another team offering him enough to leave L.A .
Value : $ 7.0 – $ 8.0 million per year
8. Shawn Marion , F ( 31 )
PER : 16.02
The Raptors have said that they intend to re-sign the Matrix , and he played well for them when they went 9 - 4 down the stretch .
His reputation of being a bit of a malcontent will work against him in this market , though he ’s bound to sign for more than the mid-level .
He still has two or three good seasons before his skills start to decline .
Value : $ 7.0 – $ 8.0 million per year
9. Mehmet Okur , FC ( 30 )
PER : 17.59
Okur has the option to play another year ( for $ 9 million ) , but at press time , the feeling was that he was almost certain to opt out .
He had a great year , averaging 17.0 points , 7.7 rebounds and shooting almost 45 % from long range , and there are a number of teams — the Thunder , Pistons , Raptors and Kings — that could use him .
He is n’t a good help defender , but he ’s physical on the block and is a pretty good defensive rebounder .
I think he ’ll stick with the Jazz , but he ’ll test the waters first .
Value : $ 8.0 – $ 9.0 million per year
10 . Andre Miller , PG ( 33 )
PER : 18.71
Statistically speaking , Miller ’s last two seasons were two of his best , and he proved that he ’s not over the hill .
He ’d be a good fit with the Blazers , but so far there has been no confirmation of interest .
The Hawks are another team that could use his leadership , and it looks like Mike Bibby may be on his way out of town .
Besides those two teams , Miller ’s best bet is to re-sign with the Sixers ( who just drafted the raw Jrue Holiday ) or take a mid-level deal with a contender in need of point guard help .
Value : $ 6.0 – $ 7.0 million per year
11 . Rasheed Wallace , FC ( 34 )
PER : 14.91
Wallace says he wants more than the mid-level , but I ’m not sure that ’s what the market is going to bear .
He ’ll likely sign with a contender , and other than the Blazers ( and maybe the Hawks ) all of the contenders are over the cap .
That leaves two options : 1 ) a mid-level deal or 2 ) a sign - and - trade .
At 34 , it ’s going to be interesting to see how long of a deal he gets , as his game looked to be on the decline last season .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
12 . Allen Iverson , G ( 34 )
PER : 15.89
AI is in a tough spot .
He ’s a former MVP that is at his best when his team is built around him — only his skills are n’t quite good enough to justify that .
His move to Detroit was a disaster , so he has n’t been able to prove that he ’s willing to accept a lesser role to benefit his team .
This makes him a very risky addition for a contender .
I do n’t see any of the teams with cap space rolling the dice , but will Iverson sign a mid-level deal ?
That might be his only option at this point .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
13 . Mike Bibby , PG ( 31 )
PER : 16.38
Bibby was better in his first full season with the Hawks , but Atlanta just traded for Jamal Crawford and drafted Jeff Teague , so Bibby ’s stint in Atlanta is likely over .
Portland could use his services , but there has n’t been any indication out of the Pacific Northwest that that ’s the case .
He ’s not much of a creator , so he’d be the best fit for a team that would ask him to knock down open shots ( i.e. the Rockets , Heat , Lakers , Mavs ) .
I think he ’ll eventually sign for a playoff team at the MLE .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
14 . Brandon Bass , PF ( 24 )
PER : 16.49
Bass has performed well in limited minutes behind Dirk Nowitzki , but it might be time for a change of scenery .
While his PER has been 16 + the last two seasons , he ’s still pretty much flying under the radar .
At just 24 , he still has room to grow , and he ’s already a solid offensive player .
He ’s probably a 14/7 guy as a starter , but he ’s more likely going to join a contender at or near the mid-level and come off the bench .
Value : $ 4.5 – $ 5.5 million per year
15 . Chris Andersen , FC ( 31 )
PER : 18.16
“ The Birdman ” brought great energy off the Denver bench and even outplayed Nene at times .
I criticized the Nuggets for giving Marcus Camby away , but clearly it was Andersen that made it possible .
At 31 , he ’s no spring chicken , but he ’s certainly in line for a raise .
He ’s a great shotblocker and rebounder , and is decent when he ’s asked to catch the ball and finish .
But he is n’t particularly good as a post defender and has limited outside touch .
He strikes me as another near mid-level guy .
Value : $ 4.5 – $ 5.5 million per year
16 . Anderson Varejao , FC ( 26 )
PER : 14.62
Varejao is tough on the class and has the potential to be a hard - nosed defender , yet he spends a lot of time flopping to the floor looking for the call .
His offensive game is non-existent ( and is n’t improving ) , and as a liability on that end of the court , he ’s not going to get the kind of contract he ’s expecting .
As Jeff Van Gundy has pointed out , it ’s going to be tough for the Cavs to play Shaq and Varejao at the same time , which makes him sort of expendable in Cleveland .
They may re-sign him so that Shaq can get a game off from time to time , but I do n’t think they ’re going to meet his asking price .
I do n’t know that any of the teams with cap space would be willing to pay more than the mid-level for 6 ’ 11 ” defender / rebounder with no discernible offensive game .
Someone will offer him a mid-level deal .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
Other notables : Grant Hill , Kyle Korver , Zaza Pachulia , Dahntay Jones , Antonio McDyess , Drew Gooden , Anthony Parker , Flip Murray , Stephon Marbury , Wally Szczerbiak , Joe Smith , Anthony Carter , Von Wafer , Marquis Daniels , Rodney Carney , Shelden Williams , Chris Wilcox , Desmond Mason , Matt Barnes
That wraps up the significant unrestricted free agent .
Check back on Monday , when I ’ll break down this summer ’s group of restricted free agents .
Related content :
The Top Restricted Free Agents of 2009
Which NBA teams will have cap space this summer ?
The Top 10 NBA Free Agents of 2010
Resentment can begin to threaten the survival of your relationship without either of you knowing it and with neither of you doing anything wrong .
You start to forge chains of resentment when one of you inadvertently lets your interest in the other decline .
That 's not hard to do , since interest , left on its own , naturally wanes with familiarity .
Novelty stimulates interest ; once anything becomes familiar , you have to work to sustain it .
Many people do n't understand this ; they believe that if their partners are less interested it means there is something wrong with the relationship .
The truth is , over time the familiarity of experiencing the same good thing over and over will cause you to lose interest in it .
If the decline in interest is equal in both parties , the couple has a good chance of remaining connected as they put more energy into things that indirectly support the relationship , such as work , children , and social networks .
Unfortunately , the decline in interest is rarely equal .
To understand the painful effects of one party losing interest , think of a time when you wanted to talk or do something with your partner but could n't engage his interest , or worse , she lost interest while you were talking or doing what you wanted to do .
Your gut emotional response was rejection , which stimulated or of isolation .
Because these are such painful experiences , you were likely to avoid them by shifting interest into something else or , more commonly , with blame and resentment .
The trouble is , declining interest can be so subtle that couples are completely unaware of what is happening to them , until the chain of resentment , which builds mostly under the radar , chokes the life out of their relationship .
Two for the Seesaw
Imagine a see - saw with fear and shame — almost always expressed in relationships as resentment — on one end , and interest , compassion , and emotional attunement ( connection ) on the other .
As interest , compassion , and attunement go down , fear , shame , and resentment go up .
As interest , compassion , and attunement go up , fear , shame , and resentment go down .
The best way to lighten the burden of resentment is to increase attunement .
And the best strategy for doing that is to focus on compassion .
Now here 's your dilemma :
You get trapped on the wrong end of the seesaw because , when you 're resentful , you want your partner to show compassion for you .
( Yes , you really want your partner to care about how you feel more than do what you want . )
The trouble is you are not likely to get compassion when you 're resentful .
If you 've ever tried to show compassion to a resentful person , you know it is not easy .
That 's because resentment desensitizes us to the internal world of others .
We feel treated unfairly and do n't care about how they feel .
So we get stuck saying : " I do n't care about how you feel , but you have to care about how I feel . "
Couples miss the absurdity of resentment because they succumb to the urge to justify it by pointing out how unfair the other is .
Convinced that they have a right to feel resentful and to express it ( which only makes them more resentful ) , they miss the sad fact that their resentment has made them just as insensitive as the partner they resent .
If you want to tilt the see - saw in favor of connection , you must be the first person in your relationship to replace resentment with compassion .
That is how you escape the powerlessness of reactivity and realize the true power of fidelity to your deepest values .
Compassionpower
S.F. techie helps stir Iranian protests Iran 's Election
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close S.F. techie helps stir Iranian protests 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Little about Austin Heap 's first online venture , a site hosting free episodes of the cartoon " South Park , " suggested he would one day use his computer skills to challenge a government .
But for the past few days , Heap , an IT director in San Francisco , has been on the virtual front lines of the crisis in Iran , helping people there protest the presidential election , which opponents of the incumbent regime maintain was fraudulent .
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators have taken to the streets since Saturday , organizing and sharing news on sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The Iranian government , in response , has blocked those sites , along with mobile phone service and other communications tools .
But Iran has the highest number of bloggers per capita in the world , said Abbas Milani , director of the Iranian Studies Program at Stanford University , and they were undeterred .
" People used Twitter , and people used their cell phones and used all kinds of mechanisms . "
Heap , 25 , has never followed Iranian news much .
But as reports of the election began dominating Twitter - but not , he believed , American mainstream news - Heap felt the same defiant frustration that led him in the past to butt heads with the music and movie industry associations by creating file - sharing sites .
" I believe in free information , " he said Tuesday .
" And I especially have no room for a tyrannical regime shutting up a whole population .
I was 13 and able to take on a huge company like Comedy Central from my bedroom .
With a computer , everybody has the power to do that . "
Proxy server a weapon
Heap 's weapon in the past few days was the proxy server , a computer configured to act as an intermediary between a computer user and the Internet .
Such servers have many legitimate functions , such as speeding response times , and some illegitimate ones , such as helping spammers hide their identities .
What interested Heap was the use of a proxy server to bypass censorship .
Properly configured , a proxy server could identify Web surfers in Iran and route them to Twitter and other sites the government had restricted .
People around the world were posting network addresses for such proxies on Twitter and elsewhere , Heap said , but there was no organization and the servers were unpredictable .
Simple first effort
Heap 's first effort was simple : a list of working proxy servers that he published Sunday afternoon .
Almost immediately , those servers began to vanish .
Perhaps spammers or pornographers , who constantly cruise the Internet looking for open proxies , were overwhelming the system , he thought .
It was only later that Iranians on Twitter warned Heap - and others publishing lists of open proxies - that by posting public lists they were exposing those proxies to attack .
" I really did n't expect their government to be this on top of it , " he said .
" I know everybody knows about Twitter .
But I did n't think it was going to be to this extent . "
So Heap took another tack , creating a password - protected list of proxy servers and giving only a handful of people access to each , reducing the possibility of a widespread attack .
On his blog , he published simple instructions for configuring proxy servers .
Heap was n't the only techie setting up or promulgating proxies , but his easy - to - follow instructions quickly spread through Twitter and the blogosphere .
Suddenly , people were sending him addresses for new proxy servers in Australia , Japan and Mexico .
Traffic on his blog grew from a couple of dozen unique users a day to more than 100,000 in 24 hours .
A woman in Canada asked him for help getting her Iranian family back online .
On Twitter , a Tehran resident posted : " @austinheap Thank you for all you are doing to help my people .
This support and kindness will never be forgotten . "
' Almost made me cry '
" Most of the reactions from Iran have almost made me cry , " he said .
" Having somebody tell me that their family thanks me - that 's the power of the Internet . "
The last 24 hours have been less fun , Heap said .
He 's had to figure out which of the professed Iranians contacting him he can trust and which might be seeking access to a proxy service to shut it down .
Monday night , his site came under a denial - of - service attack - a flood of phantom file requests from the United Kingdom designed to bring his system to its knees .
Tuesday morning he received his first e-mailed threats .
Still , he thinks he 's doing the right thing .
" If I can help them get their message out and help them tell the story and step back , that 's my job , " he said .
" ( But ) my mom is terrified right now . "
By mid-Tuesday , Iran appeared to be blocking all non-encrypted Internet traffic , making the 1,600 new proxy - server addresses now in his in - box temporarily useless .
But Heap was working with other professionals and companies seeking new ways to reconnect .
" I have n't been in the middle of an outpouring like this , ever .
And it makes me incredibly proud of the IT community , " he said .
While it 's not clear how much impact Heap 's efforts are having , history may look back on his tweets about proxy servers as a profound moment in political evolution , said Stanford 's Milani .
" The regime probably does n't recognize it , but I can tell you , the marriage of civil disobedience with the social networking savvy is the death of despotism in these places , " he said .
" If you combine these two , you have a very potent force . "
Diese Website verwendet Cookies , um Dir die bestmögliche Funktionalität bieten zu können .
Wenn
Du damit nicht einverstanden sein solltest , stehen Dir folgende Funktionen nicht zur Verfügung :
Artikel in den Warenkorb legen
Merkzettel
Artikelempfehlungen und vieles mehr
“ Forty years ago , ” begins a press release that you can be forgiven for overlooking , “ patrons and supporters of the Stonewall Inn in New York City resisted police harassment that had become all too common for members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) community .
Out of this resistance , the LGBT rights movement in America was born .
During LGBT Pride Month , we commemorate the events of June 1969 and commit to achieving equal justice under law for LGBT Americans . ”
This particular White House document ( issued while most of us were watching President Obama negotiate some pretty tricky terrain in the Middle East ) did not escape the notice of our brothers and sisters on the religious right .
“ Homosexuality is nothing to be proud of , ” Peter LaBarbera told One News Now , the online news division of the American Family Association .
“ The fact is people have left the lifestyle , ” said LaBarbera , president of Americans for Truth About Homosexuality .
“ People have overcome homosexuality — I think that ’s something to be proud of . ”
“ President Obama has committed his administration to support for the activist homosexual agenda , ” was the lede at Life Site News , for a story that was picked up by several conservative Christian news outlets , including Catholic Online and Anglican Mainstream , and by aggregators like Pro Life Blogs and Christian Portal News .
One of the ironies in the broader reaction to Obama ’s maneuvering around the issue of legal parity for queerfolk in various domains of American life is the fact that , like the busybodies on the religious right , many of my gay and lesbian brothers and sisters have a hard time letting themselves feel good about this president .
“ The proclamation is posted on the White House Web site , but is difficult to find , ” observed Michael Foust of Baptist Press , which astutely focused on the element of the press release with the greatest near - term political consequences — the likely repeal of the military ’s ban on openly gay and lesbian service personnel .
“ [ A ]nd as of Tuesday afternoon [ it ] was not listed under the Web site ’s category of proclamations — a fact that some homosexual activists were criticizing . ”
Foust was putting the matter mildly .
“ Obama is a better friend to Rick Warren ’s constituency than to LGBT , ” one “ homosexual activist ” remarked , apropos of the White House press release , on the Advocate ’s Web site .
“ In fact , Obama is not now and has never been a friend of LGBT .
I did n’t believe his lies before November 4 , 2008 , and I do n’t believe his lies now . ”
What pleases me in this unanimity of displeasure among restive queerfolk and the modern - day Pharisees who lovingly hate them is that it points toward Obama ’s studied and decidedly progressive pragmatism — a quality you ’re sure to find galling if you ’re an ideologue of any stripe , but that you should prize above all else if you ’re concerned with longterm social stability and the steady reduction of human suffering .
( I count myself in the latter camp , by the way . )
This center - left politics of the possible draws deeply from the theological lineage of Martin Luther King Jr. and Reinhold Niebuhr , which is abundantly evident in the language of a ballsy speech that Obama delivered at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta on MLK Day , 2008 , when he was still a candidate in the Democratic primary campaign .
“ For most of this country ’s history , ” Obama said , “ we in the African - American community have been at the receiving end of man ’s inhumanity to man …
And yet , if we are honest with ourselves , we must admit that none of our hands are entirely clean .
If we ’re honest with ourselves , we ’ll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King ’s vision of a beloved community .
We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them . ”
The functional core of this political ethics is empathy — a word that my RD colleague Paul Gorrell has noted , along with other commentators , in the president ’s description of his criteria for selecting a nominee to the Supreme Court and that also figured into Obama ’s gently chiding MLK Day speech .
For a progressive pragmatist like Obama , the operation of empathy in politics does n’t simply mean urging conservatives to put themselves in the place of , say , a gay couple that wants to be legally married , or an unmarried teenager who wants to terminate her pregnancy .
More than this , empathy means being able to perceive the experience of those who resist your political initiatives so that you ’ll know how far you can push them before you trigger a backlash that might undo any gains you ’ve won .
And it also means being willing to risk the ire of your fellow progressives by pointing out that they often suffer from the same “ empathy deficit ” — the phrase Obama used at Ebenezer — as their opponents on the right .
( “ I refuse to feel sorry for people who have no backbone , ” a commenter remarked when I expressed sympathy for closeted conservatives in a recent RD essay on the new documentary Outrage .
“ [ I ] f these politicians live as the author asserts ‘ in their own private hell , ’ then it is a hell of their own making . ”
Speaking of an empathy deficit… )
So I ’m delighted that Obama has appointed scores of openly gay men and women to his administration ; including nine appointments requiring Senate approval .
Moreover , I get why scrapping the Defense of Marriage Act and taking further steps toward expanding the legal rights of gay and lesbian couples will require a longer time frame if those advances are to be sustainable .
And I ’m perfectly happy to wait a while longer for the LGBT rights speech Obama will likely deliver in conjunction with the repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . ”
Oh , you mean that , along with the aforementioned White House press release , you also missed Jonathan Capehart ’s scoop in the Washington Post ?
Now that a comfortable majority of conservatives support the repeal of the service ban , such a speech wo n’t be long in coming from a president who knows that sustainable progress becomes possible at the point when your opponents are inclined to take fewer backward steps .
This belongs to Emily T .
The font was somewhat custom , a mix of two or three Microsoft Word fonts .
I ’ve read Slaughterhouse - Five countless times over the last few years ; it always reads a different way .
Each time I get a different insight , a new understanding of the book .
There ’s too many feelings to express what Vonnegut sums up in three words ;
So it goes .
“ And Lot ’s wife , of course , was told not to look back where all those people and their homes had been .
But she did look back , and I love her for that , because it was so human .
So she was turned to a pillar of salt .
So it goes . ”
It ’s been clear for a while , at least since the collapse of Lehman Brothers last fall , that what we have to fear above all is hope itself .
Attempts to trust that the worst is over and to stop frightening ourselves seem doomed to propel us into yet worse disappointment .
We are not only unhappy , but — believing calm and happiness to be the norm — unhappy that we ’re unhappy .
It ’s time to recognize how odd and counterproductive is the optimism on which we have grown up .
For the last 200 years , despite occasional shocks , the Western world has been dominated by a belief in progress , based on its extraordinary scientific and entrepreneurial achievements .
But from a broader historical perspective , this optimism is an anomaly .
Humans have spent the greater part of their existence drawing a curious comfort from expecting the worst .
In the West , lessons in pessimism derive from two sources : Roman Stoic philosophy and Christianity .
It may be time to remind ourselves of a few of their lessons — not to add to our misery but to alleviate our injured surprise and sorrow .
The Roman philosopher Seneca should be the author of the hour .
Living in a time of continuous financial and political upheaval under the emperor Nero , Seneca interpreted philosophy as a discipline to keep us calm against a backdrop of continuous danger .
His consolation was of the stiffest , darkest sort : “ You say : ‘ I did not think it would happen . ’
Do you think there is anything that will not happen , when you know that it is possible to happen , when you see that it has already happened ? ”
Seneca tried to calm the sense of injustice in his readers by reminding them , in ad 62 , that natural and man-made disasters would always be part of their lives , however sophisticated and safe they thought they had become .
If we do not dwell on the risk of sudden calamity , in the markets and otherwise , and end up paying a price for our innocence , it is because reality comprises two cruelly confusing characteristics : on the one hand , continuity and reliability lasting across decades ; on the other , unheralded cataclysms .
We find ourselves divided between a plausible expectation that tomorrow will be much like today and the possibility that we will meet with an appalling event after which nothing will ever be the same .
It is because we have such powerful incentives to neglect the second scenario that Seneca asked us to remember that our fate is forever in the hands of the Goddess of Fortune .
This goddess can scatter gifts , and then , with terrifying speed , make a 50 - year - old company disappear into a worthless asset , or let a balance sheet be destroyed by an evaporation of demand .
Because we are hurt most by what we do not expect , and because we must expect everything —
“ There is nothing which Fortune does not dare ” — we must , argued Seneca , keep in mind at all times the possibility of dire events .
No one should make an investment , undertake to run a company , sit on a board , or leave money in a bank without an awareness , which Seneca would have wished to be neither gruesome nor unnecessarily dramatic , of the darkest possibilities .
The Art Archive / Biblioteca Braidense Milan / Gianni Dagli Orti
Secure in our financial prowess , we have for too long thought of ourselves as masters of our destiny .
We have trusted in mathematical geniuses who promised us “ risk management ” and derivatives so complex that we did n’t dare to look inside .
Such trust could not be further from a Stoic mind - set .
We must , stressed Seneca , expand our sense of what may at any time go wrong in our lives : “ Nothing ought to be unexpected by us .
Our minds should be sent forward in advance to meet all the problems , and we should consider not what is wont to happen , but what can happen .
What is man ?
A vessel that the slightest shaking , the slightest toss will break .
A body weak and fragile . ”
Christianity only reinforced the Stoic message .
It pointed out that all human beings find it easy to imagine perfection , but that it ’s a problem — indeed a sin — to suppose that such perfection can ever occur on earth .
Nothing human can ever be free of blemishes .
There can not be an end to boom and bust .
We have tended to cast such gloomy messages aside .
The modern bourgeois philosophy pins its hopes firmly on two great presumed ingredients of happiness : love and work ( more specifically , a healthy bonus ) .
But a vast unthinking cruelty lies discreetly coiled within this magnanimous assurance that everyone will discover satisfaction here .
It is n’t that love and work are invariably incapable of delivering fulfillment — only that they almost never do for too long .
And when an exception is misrepresented as a rule , our individual misfortunes , instead of seeming inevitable , weigh down on us like curses .
In denying the natural place reserved in the human lot for longing and disaster , this philosophy denies us the possibility of collective consolation for our fractious marriages , our unexploited ambitions , and our exploded portfolios , and condemns us instead to solitary feelings of shame and persecution for having stubbornly failed to make more of ourselves .
We should instead remember the great pessimistic voices of history , of which I cherish two in particular .
One is Seneca : “ What need is there to weep over parts of life ?
The whole of it calls for tears . ”
The other is the French moralist Chamfort : “ A man should swallow a toad every morning to be sure of not meeting with anything more revolting in the day ahead . ”
Photo : mouse_sonya/iStock
We get asked all the time how to use our SEO settings and how SEO works in general .
B
The treason of the hawks
In Every War Must End , his classic study of war termination , Fred Iklé coined the term “ treason of the hawks ” to describe those tragic situations where hardliners stubbornly refuse to make peace and thereby lead their countries to disaster .
Iklé , who served as Ronald Reagan ’s under secretary of defense and is certainly no dove , recognized that obstinate opposition to making peace is as dangerous to a nation ’s future as naïve pacifism and potentially as damaging as deliberately selling out to the enemy .
After pointing out that “ treason ” is a word that carries especially harsh moral connotations , Iklé noted :
[ T ]he English language is without a word of equally strong opprobrium to designate acts that can lead to the destruction of one ’s government and one ’s country , not by giving aid and comfort to the enemy , but by making enemies , not by fighting too little , but by fighting too much and too long .
‘ Adventurism ’ — much too weak a word — is perhaps the best term to describe this ‘ treason of the hawks . ’ …
Treason can help our enemies destroy our country by making them stronger ; adventurism can destroy our country by making our enemies more numerous . ”
I was reminded of Iklé ’s insights when I read about Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s ideas for resuming the peace process with the Palestinians .
Netanyahu clearly wants to avoid an open rift with the Obama administration , which has forcefully reiterated its commitment to negotiating a two - state solution .
To do that , he has to pay lip service to the peace process .
But because Netanyahu has long opposed the creation of a viable Palestinian state and instead wants to extend Israel ’s control of the West Bank , he has to lay out a set of demands that will endlessly delay the process and make it hard for Obama to put meaningful pressure on him .
According to Ha’aretz , Netanyahu will insist that the Palestinians go beyond their prior recognition of Israel ’s right to exist ( as expressed in the 1993 Oslo Accord ) and explicitly recognize Israel as a “ Jewish state . ”
Furthermore , he wants the United States to agree that a future Palestinian state be barred from possessing its own army and forbidden from making alliances with other countries , while Israel is permitted to monitor its borders , its airspace , and its use of the electromagnetic spectrum , presumably in perpetuity .
In the meantime , the expansion of Israeli settlements will surely continue , and in ways that will soon preclude any possibility of a territorially contiguous state on the West Bank .
Lastly , Netanyahu wants to link progress toward a two - state solution with an end to Iran ’s nuclear program .
As I ’ve noted before , this condition would allow Tehran — purposely or inadvertently — to derail a two - state solution by stonewalling on the nuclear issue .
Ironically , this outcome might suit Iran and Netanyahu alike : Israel could keep expanding settlements and the Islamic Republic could continue to play the Palestine card against its Arab rivals .
My question is this :
What is Netanyahu thinking ?
Does n’t he realize that time has nearly run out for the two - state solution , and that failure to achieve it is by far the most serious threat facing Israel ?
The prime minister and his allies keep harping about an “ existential ” threat from Iran , but this bogeyman is mostly nonsense .
Iran has zero — repeat , zero — nuclear weapons today , and even if it were to acquire a few at some point in the future , it could not use them against nuclear - armed Israel without committing national suicide .
Let me say that again : national suicide .
And could someone please explain to Netanyahu that a group of devout Muslim clerics are n’t likely to fire warheads at a land that contains the third holiest site in Islam ?
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said some remarkably foolish things about the Holocaust and repeatedly questioned Israel ’s legitimacy ( as in his oft - mistranslated statement about Israel “ vanishing from the page of time ” ) , but he ’s never threatened to murder millions of Israelis ( and Palestinians ) with nuclear weapons .
Just last weekend , he even told ABC ’s George Stephanopolous that if the Palestinians reached an agreement with Israel , then Iran would support it .
Moreover , as Roger Cohen has noted , there is no evidence that Ahmadinejad has any particular animus toward Iran ’s own Jewish community .
Despite his many offensive statements , in short , Ahmadinejad is not Adolf Hitler and we are not living in the 1930s .
The real threat to Israel ’s future is the occupation , and the conflict with the Palestinians that it perpetuates .
To see that , all you have to do is look at current demographic trends and poll results and then ponder the consequences for Israel .
There are presently about 5.6 million Jews in “ Greater Israel , ” ( i.e. , the 1967 borders plus the West Bank ) and about 5.2 million Arabs ( of whom nearly 1.5 million are citizens of Israel ) .
Palestinian birth rates are substantially higher , however , which means they will be a majority of the population in “ Greater Israel ” in the not - too - distant future .
To put it bluntly , it is Palestinian wombs and not Iranian bombs that pose the real threat .
Netanyahu ought to be equally concerned by signs that the Zionist ideal is losing its hold within Israel itself .
There are reportedly between 700,000 and one million Israeli citizens now living abroad , and emigration has outpaced immigration since 2007 .
According to Ian Lustick and John Mueller , only 69 percent of Israeli Jews say they want to remain in the country , and a 2007 poll reported that about one - quarter of Israelis are considering leaving , including almost half of all young people .
As Lustick and Mueller note , hyping the threat from Iran may be making this problem worse , especially among the most highly educated ( and thus most mobile ) Israelis .
Israeli society is also becoming more polarized — which is one reason Netanyahu had such trouble forming a governing coalition — with the Orthodox and ultra-Orthodox at odds with secular Israelis , to include the more recent immigrants that form the core of Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman ’s support .
So what are Israel ’s options ?
One alternative would be to make the West Bank and Gaza part of Israel , but allow the Palestinians who live there to have full political rights , thereby creating a binational liberal democracy .
This idea has been promoted by a handful of Israeli Jews and a growing number of Palestinians , but the objections to it are compelling .
It would mean abandoning the Zionist vision of a Jewish state , which makes it anathema to almost all Israeli Jews , who want to live in a Jewish state .
The practical obstacles to this outcome are equally daunting , and binational states do not have an encouraging track record .
If the choice were between this option and a genuine two - state solution , there can be little doubt about which Netanyahu would prefer .
A second option would be for Israel to retain the West Bank and expel the Palestinians by force , there preserving its Jewish character through an overt act of ethnic cleansing .
A few Israeli extremists have proposed something akin to this , but to expel millions of Palestinians in this fashion would be a crime against humanity .
The Palestinians would surely resist being driven from their homes , and such a heinous act would take place in full view of a horrified world and damage Israel ’s reputation far more than the recent carnage in Gaza did .
No true friend of Israel could support such a course of action , and one hopes that Netanyahu has the good sense to recognize that it would be a tragic mistake to go down this road .
The only other option to a genuine two - state solution is some form of apartheid , in which the Palestinians are granted limited autonomy in some disconnected and economically crippled enclaves whose borders , airspace , and aquifers are controlled by Israel .
The Palestinians ’ fate , in other words , would remain in Israel ’s hands , even if some modest efforts were made to improve their living conditions .
This outcome seems to be what Netanyahu has in mind , but it is not a viable long - term solution either .
The Palestinians are not going to accept being permanent vassals — especially once they are a majority in the area between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean — and they will continue to demand either a viable state of their own or full political rights within Israel .
Over time , this option is going to be an increasingly difficult sell around the world , and especially in the West .
That is why former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert told Ha’aretz in 2008 , “ if the day comes when the two - state solution collapses , ” Israel will face “ a South - African style struggle for voting rights . ”
Once that happened , he warned , “ the state of Israel is finished . ”
Despite his long career as a Likud Party stalwart , Olmert finally recognized that if the two - state solution becomes impossible , Israel will be stuck defending a political order that is anathema to prevailing Western and American values .
Although lots of other democracies have behaved abominably towards minorities in the past , such behavior is not legitimate in the 21st century .
Americans favor self - determination and our own political traditions emphasize liberal values and the virtues of a melting - pot society .
Even a lobbying group as powerful as AIPAC will find it hard to defend Israeli apartheid .
A two - state solution is not an ideal outcome ; it is merely the best available alternative .
If Netanyahu wants to safeguard Israel ’s future , therefore , he would not spend his time inventing new conditions and doing his best to make the peace process a charade .
Instead , he would get on the phone to the White House and urge them to get moving as soon as possible to establish a viable Palestinian state , and he ’d ask Obama to commit the resources necessary to make it work .
He ’d also be on the phone to Abraham Foxman of the ADL , Malcolm Hoenlein of the Conference of Presidents , David Harris of the American Jewish Committee , and Howard Kohr of AIPAC , urging them to pressure the White House and especially Congress to broker a two - state solution before it ’s too late .
While he ’s at it , he ’d denounce false friends like the Reverend John Hagee of Christians United for Israel and he ’d invite Jeremy Ben - Ami of J Street to come to Jerusalem and help him map out a strategy to turn the Titanic around before it hits the approaching iceberg .
There would still be lots of hard bargaining to do , of course , and Netanyahu would have to make sure that a final - status agreement protected Israel ’s legitimate security concerns .
But by acting in this way , Netanyahu would be helping preserve Israel ’s future instead of putting it in jeopardy .
If Netanayahu can’t figure this out , then Barack Obama and George Mitchell are going to have to sit him down and explain the situation to him .
And if they do , one can only hope that Israel ’s supporters here in the United States abandon their usual modus operandi and back Obama and Mitchell up .
If they do n’t , they may someday have to explain to their grandchildren why they watched Israel drive itself off a cliff and did nothing to stop it .
Photo : Ammar Awad- pool / Getty Images
Stdcall and DLL tools of MSVC and MinGW
The __stdcall calling convention has been there for a very long time .
While older calling conventions like __pascal fell into oblivion , __stdcall became the standard calling convention of Win32 API functions .
Unlike __cdecl ( the native calling convention of C/ C++ ) , it is supported in C/ C++ , Visual Basic , Java , and other languages alike , which makes it the first choice when building a DLL for cross-language use .
The internal representations of both __cdecl and __stdcall functions have decorations .
In MSVC ( Microsoft Visual C++ ) and MinGW ( Minimalistic GNU for Windows ) GCC , __cdecl function will be prefixed an underscore , and __stdcall functions will have the beginning underscore as well as be appended by the at - sign ( @ ) followed by the number of bytes in the argument list .
So , double __cdecl sin( double ) will be decorated as _sin , and double __stdcall sin( double ) will be decorated as _sin@8 .
But things are not that simple .
The decorations could change when they appear in DLLs or when they are produced by different compilers .
The following table lists the names as are produced by MSVC , MinGW , Digital Mars C/C++ Compiler ( DMC ) , Borland C++ Compiler / C++ Builder ( BCC ) :
Calling Convention Internal * MSVC DLL ( w/ DEF ) MSVC DLL ( dllexport ) DMC DLL MinGW DLL BCC DLL __stdcall _ Function@n Function _ Function@n _Function@n Function@n Function __cdecl _Function Function Function Function Function _ Function
* For all but BCC , which has the same naming convention for symbols in code and exported name in DLL .
What a mess ( especially when you notice that , for MSVC , whether a name is exported by a DEF file or by the __declspec( dllexport ) attribute affects its naming decoration ) !
And although the ending decoration clearly shows how many bytes the called function pops up from stack before returning , it is not necessarily the most frequently used form .
E.g. , the Win32 API functions in the system DLLs have no decoration at all , as in the case ones uses a DEF file when exporting functions with MSVC .
Many DLLs intended for multi-language usage also follow this practice and use no decoration with __stdcall functions ( although the Java Native Interface , on Win32 platforms , will accept functions either undecorated or decorated in the Microsoft way , the latter being the preferred form ) .
The remaining part of this article is thus devoted to the creation and use of such DLLs with MSVC and MinGW , as well as the introduction and comparison of related tools ( there are good articles explaining the complexities of DLLs with Borland C++ Builder , so I need not bother to say anything more about it ) .
Tools working with DEF files
DEF file format
LIBRARY testdll.dll EXPORTS cdeclFunction @ 1 _stdcallFunction@8 @2 aliasName = cdeclFunction @3
CL
cl /LD testdll.obj testdll.def
link /out:testdll.dll /dll /implib:testdll.lib /def:testdll.def testdll.obj
LINK
_ Function@n
Function
_ Function@n
TestFunction = _TestFunction@4 _TestFunction@4 = _TestFunction@4
LIB
lib / def: DEF_file
_ Function
Function
:-)
gcc
- shared
- Wl
ld
-- add - stdcall - alias
Export symbols with and without @nn -- kill - at Remove @nn from exported symbols -- out - implib < file >
Generate import library -- output - def < file >
Generate a .DEF file for the built DLL
TestFunction@4
TestFunction = TestFunction@4
dllwrap
dllwrap -- def DEF_file -o DLL_file OBJ_files [-- output-lib LIB_file ]
( -- output -lib ) ,
dlltool
- l -- output-lib < outname >
Generate an interface library .
- D -- dllname < name >
Name of input dll to put into interface lib .
-d -- input - def < deffile >
Name of .def file to be read in .
- U --add-underscore
Add underscores to symbols in interface library .
-k -- kill - at Kill @ < n > from exported names .
the - U option makes the items in the DEF file map to symbols prefixed with an underscore in the DLL , and
option makes the items in the DEF file map to symbols prefixed with an underscore in the DLL , and the -k option makes the items in the DEF file map to symbols stripped of @n in the DLL .
pexports
The __stdcall DLL and the import library
Microsoft Visual C++
/ LD
cl /LD OBJ_files
_MyFunction@8
( dllexport )
link /out : DLL_file / dll OBJ_files pexports DLL_file | sed " s/^_\([ [ : alnum : ] _ ]\+\) @ [ [ : digit : ] ]\+/\1/ " > DEF_file
pexports DLL_file | sed " s/^_\([ [ : alnum : ] _ ]\+\ ) \( @ [ [ : digit : ] ] \+\)/\1\2/ " > DEF_for_gcc
link /out: DLL_file /dll / def: DEF_file /implib: LIB_file OBJ_files
MinGW GCC
gcc - shared -o DLL_file OBJ_files - Wl , -- output - def , DEF_file gcc - shared -o DLL_file OBJ_files
- Wl , -- kill - at dlltool -d DEF_file -- dllname DLL_file --output-lib LIB_file -- kill - at
gcc - shared -o DLL_file OBJ_files - Wl , -- kill-at , --output - def , DEF_file
Function = Function@n @ Ordinal
dllwrap -- def DEF_file -o DLL_file OBJ_files sed " s /[ [ : alnum : ] _ ]\+ *= *//" DEF_file > New_DEF_file dlltool -d New_DEF_file -- dllname DLL_file --output-lib LIB_file -- kill - at
I am not sure whether I have stated clearly , but I have listed all my findings when I struggled to find out how to use the DLL tools properly and how to deal with __stdcall functions in DLLs .
Hope you find it useful .
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT : The MinGW mailing list provided much useful information ; Luke Dunstan provided important suggestions and corrections .
2002 - 8 - 20 , written by Wu Yongwei
2004 - 9 - 9 , last updated by Wu Yongwei
The IWW 's newspaper Direct Action campaigned opposed capitalist war in 1914 .
[ This talk was presented at the Laborism and the radical alternative : Lessons for today conference , held in Melbourne , Australia , on May 30 , 2009 .
It was organised by Socialist Alliance and sponsored by Green Left Weekly , Australia ’s leading socialist newspaper .
To read other talks presented at the conference , click HERE . ]
* * *
By Verity Burgmann
The Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) was established in Australia first in Sydney in October 1907 , two years after the founding of the IWW in the United States in June 1905 in Chicago .
Known as the ``Wobblies ’’ , the IWW was a revolutionary industrial unionist organisation .
It preferred this terminology to ``syndicalist ’’ : while it acknowledged much in common with European revolutionary syndicalism , it proposed a less decentralised industrial organisation .
It maintained that : workers should be organised on the basis of the industries in which they worked rather than on the basis of their particular craft or trade skills ; ultimately all workers should come together in One Big Union , which would take over control of production , distribution and exchange from the employers ; and this process , while revolutionary could be non-violent , because if all workers were already in One Big Union , its power would be so great that the change to a new socialist society could be achieved peaceably .
The IWW had developed due to dissatisfaction with craft unionism , which was seen to pit workers against each other and make it easier for employers to control and exploit all workers .
Its emergence was an intelligent response from within the labour movement to the increasing centralisation of capital and industry ; it aspired to present a concentration of labour power to meet a concentration of ownership of capital .
However , strictly speaking , only waged workers could join , so there was a serious limitation from the outset : it was a very ``blokey ’’ organisation .
Female paid workers were very welcome , but working - class homemakers could not officially join .
Female industrial militants were applauded — but patronised — in the IWW song ``Rebel Girl ’’.
`` To the working class she ’s a precious pearl .
She brings courage , pride and joy , to the fighting Rebel Boy . ’’
Far more impressive was the IWW ’s principled hostility to racism as an ideology and practice that divided workers at the point of production that must be combated at all cost .
Within a labour movement seriously implicated in endorsement of the White Australia Policy , the Australian Wobblies stood out for their persistent opposition to racism .
In 1908 the IWW movement in the USA split : those most contemptuous of political parties packed the convention .
Debate centred on the Preamble , which stated :
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common .
There can be no peace as long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few , who make up the employing class , have all the good things of life .
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until all the toilers come together on the political as well as on the industrial field , and take and hold that which they produce by their labor through an economic organization of the working class without affiliation with any political party .
The rapid gathering of wealth and the centering of the management of industry into fewer and fewer hands makes trades unions unable to cope with the ever - growing power of the employing class because the trades unions foster a state of things which allows one set of workers to be pitted against another set of workers in the same industry , thereby helping to defeat one another in wage wars .
The trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers .
These sad conditions can be changed and the interests of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry , or in all industries , if necessary , cease work whenever a strike or lockout is on in any department thereof , thus making an injury to one an injury to all .
The ``non- politicals ’’ successfully moved a resolution that deleted from the Preamble the sentence commencing ``until all the toilers come together on the political as well as on the industrial field ’’ and substituted in its place ``until the workers of the world organise as a class , take possession of the earth and the machinery of production , and abolish the wage system ’’ .
The minority group still supporting political action , associated with the Socialist Labor Party under Daniel De Leon , withdrew and established separate headquarters in Detroit .
The larger ``non­ - political ’’ section remained based in Chicago and became the more successful movement .
This split was replicated in Australia .
In May 1911 , the Chicago IWW was established , first in Adelaide , but the Sydney branch , or Local as it was called , became the largest and most significant .
As in the United States , it was the Chicago non-political IWW that was the more famous in Australia .
It became what is generally known as ``the IWW ’’ , though the political IWW minority remained organised in the IWW Clubs , closely aligned with the Socialist Labor Party of Australia .
There were many links between the American and Australian Wobblies , helped particularly by the movements of workers between these continents , especially maritime workers .
Not just seafarers , but many radicals roamed around the world quite freely at this stage .
Unlike today , there were few restrictions on movement .
There were no passports .
It was quite common for agitators and activists to spend several years working and agitating for better pay and conditions for workers in one country then to move on to another country .
Sometimes these agitators moved on because their efforts to improve conditions for workers brought them into trouble with local authorities .
Often the radical labour movement in the country in which they arrived would know about them before they appeared , because of the newspapers produced by each movement , which reported on the movements in other countries .
One example of someone who moved around the Pacific area was John Benjamin King .
King , born in Canada in the 1870s , worked as a miner , a teamster , and a stoker .
There were many baseless rumours about King , for example , that during his time in Chicago he had blown up a newspaper office .
During1910 - 1911 , he worked as an IWW organiser for Vancouver .
After the August 1911 Vancouver strike was broken , he worked his way to New Zealand as a stoker .
In Auckland , his economics class had an enrolment of 30 miners and achieved notoriety .
It was rumoured they studied the techniques of industrial sabotage .
`` The less you work ’’ , he told one meeting , ``the longer you will live ’’ .
But no member would testify when interviewed by police .
However , with questions being asked about him in parliament , King fled to Australia in 1912 , where he became a leading figure in the Australian IWW .
Because of this , in October 1916 , he was given ten years jail for printing and distributing 25,000 pounds worth of forged five pound notes — along with my grandfather ’s first cousin , the process engraver who made the plates .
The idea was to debase the currency to help bring down capitalism and finance Wobbly propaganda in the meantime .
King ’s sentence was reduced to two years , because he was less involved than my relative .
King was representative of the many personal links between the radical labour movements in countries on the Pacific rim , which helped the process of transplantation of the IWW from its country of origin .
These transplants adapted to local circumstances .
The Australian IWW was therefore different in significant ways from the American IWW .
It did not slavishly follow all the American trends , debates , and schisms , as American IWW historiography has tended to assume of the IWW Locals that appeared in other countries .
In fact , intriguing contrasts emerged between the IWWs on the two sides of the Pacific Ocean , which merit separate attention .
1. Opposition to political action
In the USA and Canada , political action was not so much a practice to be rejected as a matter of principle but an irrelevancy , because those to whom the IWW appealed were largely estranged from the electoral process .
The American IWW , while rejecting control by political parties , never expressly condemned political action and many American Wobblies were active members of parties such as the Socialist Party .
It was very different situation here , where there was universal manhood suffrage ( including indigenous Australians ) from 1856 and payment for politicians from 1871 , and then universal adult suffrage by the end of the 1890s in most States and federally from 1902 ( excluding indigenous Australians until 1962 ) .
All adults , except Aboriginal Australians , could vote in elections in every part of Australia from the beginning of the twentieth century .
Australia a white democracy , with Labor parties viable because of this democratic status , many years before the USA with a significantly better - developed economy .
Moreover , electoral registration was compulsory in Australia .
Not only was it relatively easy for itinerant workers to secure electoral registration ; they were fined if they did not .
These democratic features caused the early existence of Labor parties in Australia , and Labor parties that were politically precocious .
During the most successful years of the Australian IWW , the Labor Party was in government federally in 1908 - 09 , 1910 - 1913 and 1914 - 1917 .
It was also in government for much of this period in most of the six States .
In Australia , therefore , the IWW not just abstractly anti-political as in the United States and Canada but empirically so .
It argued from experience that Labor parties did not help workers much .
The behaviour of Labor governments seemed to confirm IWW warnings against political action .
Direct Action , the Australian IWW newspaper , had a running commentary on the futility of political action , sell - outs and betrayals by Labor MPs , their huge salaries and perks , and so on .
For example , on May 1 , 1914 , Direct Action announced : ``Workers of Australia , you have raised up unto yourselves gods , in the shape of Labor politicians , and behold events have proved that their feet are but of clay . ’’
On June 15 , 1915 , Direct Action claimed that the actions of the NSW McGowen Labor government , such as strike - breaking , should ``serve as a warning to the working - class , not alone of this country but of the whole world ’’ .
Its famous song , to the tune of ``Yankee Doodle ’’ , is still sung today by trade union activists suspicious of Labor MPs :
Come listen , all kind friends of mine ,
I want to move a motion ,
To build an El Dorado here ,
I ’ve got a bonzer notion .
Bump me into Parliament ,
Bounce me any way ,
Bang me into Parliament ,
On next election day .
Some very wealthy friends I know
Declare I am most clever ,
While some may talk for an hour or so
Why , I can talk for ever .
I know the Arbitration Act
As a sailor knows his ‘ riggins ’ ,
So if you want a small advance ,
I ’ll talk to Justice Higgins .
Oh yes I am a Labor man ,
And believe in revolution ;
The quickest way to bring it on
Is talking constitution .
I ’ve read my Bible ten times through ,
And Jesus justifies me ,
The man who does not vote for me ,
By Christ he crucifies me .
So bump them into Parliament ,
Bounce them any way ,
Bung them into Parliament ,
Do n’t let the Court decay .
Less well known is another Australian IWW creation , also to ``Yankee Doodle ’’ , which commences :
The politician prowls around ,
For workers ’ votes entreating ;
He claims to know the slickest way
To give the boss a beating .
Polly , we ca n’t use you , dear ,
To lead us into clover ;
This fight is ours , and as for you ,
Clear out or get run over .
The advanced nature of the political labour movement in Australia enabled the IWW to build support from amongst disaffected Labor voters , based on actual evidence about the performance of Labor representatives .
So the Australian IWW , operating in a country with a comparatively democratic franchise and compulsory electoral registration , was more expressly and truly anti-political , a stance informed by the experience peculiar to Australia of Labor governments
2. Support base
Although limited by its own strict rules that only ``wage - slaves ’’ could join , the IWW at its highpoint around 1916 probably had a membership of about 2000 .
Direct Action sold 15,000 copies weekly during the highpoint of IWW influence , some authorities claim as many as 26,000 .
Certainly , it was read possibly by 50,000 each issue as copies were invariably handed from worker to worker .
All in all , its influence far exceeded its membership base .
What sort of people became Wobblies ?
They were workers of all sorts , especially lesser skilled workers .
They lived in cities , towns and country areas .
A common element in the IWW both sides of the Pacific was the unskilled itinerant worker , especially in the bush and backwoods .
A typical Wobbly was a ``hobo ’’ , to use the North American terminology .
However , the economic , political and social position of the hobo was significantly different on the two sides of the Pacific .
In North American accounts , the hobo support base of the Wobblies is presented as a social aberration ; the IWW constituency was isolated from workers organised by the American Federation of Labour ( AFL ) , because it was predominantly unskilled , unorganised and un-British , itinerants largely ignored by the official , highly exclusive labour movement .
In Australian society , by contrast , the hobo was normal and the itinerant bush worker the backbone of union politics .
Itinerant workers were not neglected by Australian unionism as their equivalents were by the North American labour movements .
Rather , they were amongst its strongest participants and were especially active in the new unions formed late in the nineteenth century .
The high standing of itinerant workers in Australia reflected the difference between Australian and North American economic structures : Australia was primarily an extractive and large - scale grazing economy absolutely dependent on the labour of itinerant workers ; North America was a more industrialised economy in which transient workers played a vital but far smaller role .
So the ``nomad ’’ was respected within the Australian labour movement .
The nomadic rural worker was even seen as the ``typical ’’ Australian with typical national characteristics .
Accordingly , the Australian IWW was much more in tune with stereotypical national characteristics than its American progenitor .
Arguably , Australian culture was more Wobbly than North American .
For example , the rude language of the Wobblies became part of labour movement argot .
Their capacity to be heard within the labour movement and even beyond it was particularly facilitated by the extent to which they were seen as representing the militants amongst a certain sort of worker with an esteemed place within both the labour movement and Australian society .
3 . Dual unionism versus ‘ boring from within ’
This was a debate that was central to the IWW strategy wherever it appeared around the world : whether to set up a separate set of unions in competition with the existing more conservative ones or whether IWW supporters should stay inside these existing unions and build up support with a view to eventually encouraging enough workers to join the One Big Union .
In the USA and Canada , ``boring from within ’’ was largely futile because the American union movement was very craft - oriented and conservative so Wobblies created new unions in competition : created a dual union structure .
The Australian IWW had little choice but to ``bore from within ’’ because the union movement in Australia was very strong at this time .
Dual unionism remained a long - term aspiration , but not an immediate tactic ( with the partial exception of Broken Hill where the Barrier Industrial Council recognised an IWW membership card as equivalent to a union card ) ; so they bored from within with propaganda about the need in due course for building from without .
This significant departure from North American IWW practice was an adaptation to Australian circumstances .
New unions of semi-skilled and unskilled workers had developed from the 1870s onwards , and it was these new unions that became the backbone of the labour movement , working cooperatively with the older craft unions but in many ways outflanking them as the locus of power within Australia ’s relatively unstratified labour movement .
In 1916 union density was 47.5 per cent in Australia and only 12.2 per cent in the USA .
The Australian IWW was operating in an environment where the labour movement was extremely well - organised industrially by international standards .
So the Australian IWW was not aiming to organise workers neglected by trade unionism like the American ; instead , it was hoping to improve the basis on which workers were already organised .
Wobblies criticised craftism and sectionalism , and in particular the emergence of a trade union bureaucracy , especially when it was better remunerated than the workers it serviced .
But their arguments were mounted from within .
Wobblies were almost always members of established trade unions .
Wobbly support subsisted in networks of militancy within mainstream trade unions .
Jimmy Seamer , a mining industry unionist of the time , told me in 1985 shortly before he died : `` You met Wobblies wherever you went ...
All militants followed the Wobblies ...
They had a foot in everywhere . ’’
Military intelligence files located at the Australian Archives in Canberra also contain observations that IWW theories had ``struck deep into the militant unions ’’.
In boring from within , Australian Wobblies secured considerable protection .
Australian employers could not easily isolate and physically intimidate Wobblies , because they worked under the cover of a strong trade union movement that in Australia had the added respectability of sponsoring one of the two alternative parties of government .
Where American Wobblies were confronted physically by employers and their thugs , Australian Wobblies were simply hemmed in by the trade union movement itself .
4. Response to Great War
The US IWW did not directly interfere with the US war effort .
By contrast , in Australia , no organisation opposed the outbreak of the Great War as promptly and vociferously as the IWW .
The front page of Direct Action for August 10 , 1914 , declared :
WAR !
WHAT FOR ?
FOR THE WORKERS AND THEIR DEPENDENTS : DEATH , STARVATION , POVERTY AND UNTOLD MISERY .
FOR THE CAPITALIST CLASS : GOLD , STAINED WITH THE BLOOD OF MILLIONS , RIOTOUS LUXURY , BANQUETS OF JUBILATION OVER THE GRAVES OF THEIR DUPES AND SLAVES .
WAR IS HELL !
SEND THE CAPITALISTS TO HELL AND WARS ARE IMPOSSIBLE .
On August 22 , leading Wobbly Tom Barker urged : ``LET THOSE WHO OWN AUSTRALIA DO THE FIGHTING .
Put the wealthiest in the front ranks ; the middle class next ; follow these with politicians , lawyers , sky pilots and judges .
Answer the declaration of war with the call for a GENERAL STRIKE . ’’
In 1915 Barker was charged with publishing a poster prejudicial to recruiting , which exposed the hypocrisy of the warmongers , by proclaiming : ``To Arms !
Capitalists , Parsons , Politicians , Landlords , Newspaper Editors and Other Stay - At - Home Patriots .
Your country needs YOU in the trenches !!
WORKERS , Follow your masters . ’’
Barker argued in court this was a serious attempt to encourage recruitment , but was found guilty .
In 1916 he was sentenced to 12 months jail for publishing an anti-war cartoon by Direct Action cartoonist , Syd Nicholls , one of many such superb cartoons published by the IWW ; but the release campaign in Barker ’s defence was so strong that the authorities released Barker after only a few months .
The Australian IWW was aware of the danger of anti-war activity distracting it from organisation at the point of production and inviting government repression , the considerations that had prompted American IWW caution in relation to the war .
But it threw itself wholeheartedly into campaigning against the war and Australian involvement .
In so doing , it increased its opportunities to organise at the point of production , because its anti-war activity won it many supporters amongst workers inclined to be critical of the senseless slaughter — and increasingly so as time went on .
By November 1916 , Labor Prime Minister Hughes , a long - time opponent of IWW influence within the labour movement , was complaining that the IWW was ``largely responsible for the present attitude of organised labor , industrially and politically , towards the war ’’ .
The threat of conscription in 1916 and 1917 gave the IWW an even greater opportunity to have its voice heard .
It expanded rapidly in this period .
Great crowds used to come to IWW anti-conscription meetings , up to a sixth of the population of Sydney gathering around and trying to hear the speakers , as Tom Barker recalls in his memoirs .
When three - quarters of the Labor politicians in federal parliament indicated they would refuse to pass a Conscription Act , Prime Minister Hughes blamed the IWW and announced it needed to be attacked ``with the ferocity of a Bengal tiger ’’ .
The ultimate fate of the IWW in Australia was sealed by Hughes ’ desire to rid the labour movement of all IWW influence .
5. Decline and persecution
The manner of the Australian IWW ’s demise was different from that of the North American IWW .
The repression of the Australian IWW was carried out by the right - wing of the labour movement — the Labor Party in government — because it constituted a far - left opposition to the right - wing of that movement .
So the Australian IWW did not endure beatings , lynchings and torture by individual loyalists as in the USA — but Labor government - sponsored suppression , in advance of US criminal syndicalism legislation , seriously weakened it .
The Hughes National Labor government enacted the Unlawful Associations Act on December 19 , 1916 , under which any member of the IWW could be imprisoned for six months .
In the next few months , 103 Wobblies were imprisoned , usually for terms of six months with hard labour , and many more were sacked from their jobs .
Twelve foreign - born Wobblies were deported ; at the same time , United States authorities were shipping some American Wobblies to Australia .
The ships passed each other in the Pacific .
Twelve Wobblies in Sydney were also framed up late in 1916 and charged with ``treason - felony ’’ – levying war against the King , allegedly by plotting to burn down Sydney .
The court case was not conducted fairly .
There was a lot of newspaper hysteria , unfair reporting and the police acted wrongly in many ways to secure the conviction of the twelve Wobblies .
They were sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from five years to fifteen years with hard labour .
However , the wider labour movement objected to the treatment of the IWW by the federal government .
The labour movement , the trade unions in particular , staged a huge campaign to release these men .
The release campaign spread outward from the Wobblies themselves to all manner of labour organisations : trade unions ; labour and trades hall councils and regional industrial councils ; left - wing parties ; and even sections of the Labor Party .
The state Labor government in New South Wales , where the Twelve had been jailed , investigated the court case and eventually decided there had been a miscarriage of justice and the Wobblies were all released by late 1921 .
So the labour movement , whose more right - wing political representatives had suppressed the IWW , was also responsible for releasing the Twelve .
This proved the degree to which the strategy of ``boring from within ’’ had enabled Wobblies to become accepted as a legitimate part of the wider labour movement .
The IWW ’s strength on the ground , the degree of support it had engendered for militant action at the point of production , enabled it to push the mainstream labour movement into action in its defence .
What happened to the Wobblies ?
Part of the mythology surrounding the early days of the Communist Party is that large numbers of Wobblies realised the error of their syndicalist ways and joined .
In fact , very few Wobblies joined the Communist Party in the 1920s .
The Communist movement throughout the world was anxious that Wobblies renounce their revolutionary industrial unionist past and join the Communist parties ; it urged them to do this in January 1920 in The Communist Internationale to the I.
W.W .
The Australian Communist Party made elaborate overtures to Wobbly remnants .
Many Wobblies reacted with enthusiasm , initially , to the October Revolution , believing that it heralded not the rule of a party but of the working class .
However , doubters amongst the Wobblies became considerably more numerous as Bolshevism consolidated itself after victory .
Many of the small number of Wobblies who joined the Communist Party did not stay members for long .
They were coming from an elaborately democratic and open organisation , so they were astounded by their reception within the Communist Party as it began implementing the authoritarian and hierarchical forms of organisation for which it became renowned .
One Wobbly who became critical of the Communist Party he had joined was John Benjamin King , with whom we started our story .
He was involved in establishing a Wobbly cell within the Communist Party called the Industrial Union Propaganda League ( IUPL ) in 1921 .
According to a resurrected Direct Action on December 1 , 1921 , the IUPL urged workers to return to industrial organisation : ``We must make up for the lost time that the working class of this country has been cheering the revolutions of other countries and not putting its own house in order . ’’
The Communist Party expelled King and the others on charges of syndicalism and forbade any Communist Party member to join the IUPL .
The IUPL became the Industrial Union Propaganda Group ( IUPG ) .
The IUPG argued the Communist Party was now like the Labor Party , the concern for political processes representing an obstacle in the way of militant direct action and the formation of revolutionary industrial unions .
Lecturing for the IUPG , King criticised the Communist tactic of ``capturing the machinery ’’ of the unions .
When the Communist president of the Labour Council asked : ``then how can we expect to capture the more powerful machine of the capitalist state ? ’’ , King replied : `` One does n’t want to capture a mad dog before shooting it . ’’
All in all , IWW - type militants remaining within the Communist Party were discouraged .
Those who remained had to stop being Wobblies .
The IWW kept making organisational reappearances during the 1920s — in Melbourne , Perth , Sydney and Adelaide , sapping the strength of the Communist Party branches .
Not until the early 1930s did the Communist Party assume a role more significant and most IWW branches were disbanded .
By the early 1930s the Communist Party world vision had triumphed over the Wobbly ideal of a society free of leaders and politicians of all kinds , but the battle between these competing forms of revolutionary working - class politics was protracted .
The Communist Party wanted former Wobblies to join , but only Wobblies tired and beaten , without any syndicalist life left in them .
The party resented the fact that Wobbly ideas maintained a tenacious hold on the minds of many militants .
When J.B. King rejoined the Communist Party in 1930 , he was sent immediately to the Soviet Union for six years for re-education .
His return in 1936 was nicely timed , just when needed to justify the new united front tactic to those still inclined to Wobbly ideas .
After his return to Australia in 1936 he eulogised the Soviet experiment in a speech on 8 November in the Friends of the Soviet Union Hall in Sydney .
The Sydney Morning Herald was delighted that an IWW man , who had advocated go - slow methods , had become ``a Fast Worker in Russia ’’ , a hero of the Five Year Plan for producing twice as much as expected while superintendent of a Russian coal mine .
He had wanted the workers to produce ``in less than Johannesburg time ’’ , but the antiquated machinery had broken down in the attempt .
However , J.B. King ’s reprogramming at the hand of Soviet authorities was only briefly effective .
King soon became disillusioned all over again with the Communist Party and he departed , explaining he simply did not believe in it any more .
Given the demise of Communism and the acknowledged shortcomings of the social democratic / Laborist project around the world , the lost cause of the IWW is worth reconsidering , if only to examine its critique of the labour movement ideologies and practices , of Communism and social - democratic Laborism , that triumphed over it .
The distinctive characteristics of the Australian IWW that differentiate it from its North American parent — especially the hostility to parliamentary action to achieve social transformation — make its experience peculiarly relevant to labour movement activists today in countries where politicians increasingly control labour movements .
There are many aspects of Wobbly political practice still relevant to modern existence .
Particularly in a world characterised by increasing connections of corporate power around the world , the IWW model of much closer forms of organisation of the world ’s workers , but in an ultra- democratic way , is a useful model for international labour movement organisations .
Notes
This talk is based on material I have published in the following works , which provide full referencing :
Verity Burgmann , Revolutionary Industrial Unionism .
The Industrial Workers of the World in Australia , Cambridge University Press , Melbourne , 1995 .
Verity Burgmann , `` The Iron Heel : The Suppression of the IWW during World War I ’’ , in Sydney Labour History Group ( ed. ) , What Rough Beast ?
The State and Social Order in Australian History , Allen & Unwin , Sydney , 1982 , pp. 171-191 .
Verity Burgmann , ``Antipodean Peculiarities : Comparing the Australian IWW with the American ’’ , Labor History ( USA ) , Vol. 40 , No. 3 , August 1999 , pp. 371-392 .
Verity Burgmann , `` The IWW in International Perspective : comparing the North American and Australasian Wobblies ’’ , in Julie Kimber , Peter Love and Phillip Deery ( eds ) , Labour Traditions .
Papers from the Tenth National Labour History Conference , University of Melbourne , 4 - 6 July 2007 , Australian Society for the Study of Labour History , Melbourne , pp.36 -43 .
Since Microsoft opened up its new search engine Bing earlier this month , there has been a nonstop flood of people comparing Bing to the current search juggernaut , Google .
Does Bing have a better interface ?
Is it an improvement over Microsoft 's Live search ?
And most importantly , does Bing provide better results than Google ?
While there are a few tools out there that already compare the two search engines , none take the scientific approach quite like BlindSearch does .
The experiment , formed by Michael Kordahi , provides search results from Google , Bing , and Yahoo and asks you to vote on which results are best .
However , BlindSearch takes your biases out of the equation by stripping away the branding and logos .
The experiment is both elegant and simple .
Perform a search and three columns of results will appear .
Each column has a button that allows you to vote for which set of results are the most accurate and useful .
The logos will then appear to show you what you voted for .
The system randomizes which column will have Google , Yahoo , or Bing results .
Take a look at a search for Mashable :
Can you tell which one corresponds to Bing , Google , and Yahoo ?
Here are the answers :
If you are curious , I voted for Google in this instance .
Next , we tried it with one of my favorite things to eat , the baked potato :
To my surprise , my vote ended up being for Bing :
Finally , just for fun , I asked each engine " What is the answer to life , the universe , and everything ? "
And while the results were close , I ( to my surprise ) ended up voting for Yahoo .
Now , while my three searches may not have been definitive , BlindSearch is using everybody 's votes to provide a running tally of which search engine is best .
As of publishing , Google is in the lead with 44 % , with Bing in second at 32 % and Yahoo last at 24 % .
This is n't a completely random sampling , as tech - savvy users are likely the ones doing the most searches on BlindSearch currently .
Yet it provides for a good approximation and will only increase in accuracy as the sample size increases .
So does this put the Google vs. Bing question to rest ?
The answer depends on how you choose your search engine .
If you care only about results , this might be a deciding factor for you .
However , if you care about branding , user experience , design , and integration with other social media tools , then these results are only part of a much larger equation .
In any case , the consumer will end up deciding which search tool is best .
Wiltshire force expect warm weather to draw large crowds and warns it will take tough stand on drink and drugs
A big police operation involving an unmanned drone , horses and drugs sniffer dogs will be launched at Stonehenge tomorrow as huge crowds descend on the ancient site for the summer solstice .
Because the celebrations fall over the weekend and fine weather is predicted , bigger crowds than usual are expected and Wiltshire police have said they will clamp down heavily on antisocial behaviour .
Restrictions are being placed on the amount of alcohol revellers can bring in and police have said they will not tolerate illegal drug taking or unlawful raves .
The force 's no -nonsense approach , after a more relaxed feel in recent years , has raised fears that there could be clashes .
Some peace - loving druids have told the Guardian that they will be staying away because they fear the combination of large crowds - possibly more than 30,000 ‑ and the police 's stance could lead to trouble .
Police have played down the idea that the event is the first big test of how police control large crowds since the violent G20 protests .
They have denied that the presence of the drone and police horses shows they are taking a " zero - tolerance " approach to the event and say such measures are simply to make sure everyone is safe .
Andy Marsh , assistant chief constable of Wiltshire police , said : " The celebrations will be policed the same as any other public event .
We want those attending to have a safe and enjoyable time but within the law .
" This year the event is over a weekend and more people than normal are likely to attend .
The public have a right to expect that our planning takes account of the likely increased numbers and also that we will use public resources efficiently making best use of the latest technology . "
Marsh warned people not to set up raves or free festivals before or after the solstice .
He said the supply and use of illegal drugs greatly increased the danger to everyone and police would deal " firmly but proportionately with any such behaviour " .
English Heritage , which manages the site , has stipulated that no more than four cans of beer or a bottle of wine per person will be allowed .
In its guidance English Heritage says : " Illegal drugs are still illegal at Stonehenge as they are anywhere else .
The police will be on site during the access period and will take immediate action against anyone flouting the law . "
[ Haskell - cafe ] traversal transformations
Hi , While playing with Church Encodings of data structures , I realized there are generalisations in the same way Data .
Foldable and Data .
Traversable are generalisations of lists .
The normal Church Encoding of lists is like this : > newtype List a = L { unL :: forall b. ( a -> b -> b ) -> b -> b }
It represents a list by a right fold : > foldr f z l = unL l f z List can be constructed with cons and nil : > nil = L $ \f -> id > cons a l = L $ \f -> f a .
unL l f
Oleg has written about this :
http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/zip-folds.lhs
Now function of type ( b -> b ) are endomorphisms which have a Data .
Monoid instance , so the type can be generalized : > newtype FM a = FM { unFM :: forall b. Monoid b => ( a -> b ) -> b } > fmnil = FM $ \f -> mempty > fmcons a l = FM $ \f -> f a `mappend` un FM l f
Now lists are represented by ( almost ) their foldMap function : > instance Foldable FM where > foldMap = flip unFM
But notice that there is now nothing list specific in the FM type , nothing prevents us to add other constructor functions .
> fmsnoc l a = FM $ \f -> unFM l f `mappend` f a > fmlist = fmcons 2 $ fmcons 3 $ fmnil `fmsnoc` 4 `fmsnoc` 5 * Main > getProduct $ foldMap Product fmlist 120
Now that we have a container type represented by foldMap , there 's nothing stopping us to do a container type represented by traverse from Data .
Traversable : {-# LANGUAGE RankNTypes #-} import Data .
Monoid import Data .
Foldable import Data .
Traversable import Control .
Monad import Control .
Applicative newtype Container a = C { travC :: forall f b .
Applicative f => ( a -> f b ) -> f ( Container b ) } czero :: Container a cpure :: a ->
Container a ccons :: a -> Container a ->
Container a csnoc :: Container a -> a ->
Container a cpair :: Container a -> Container a ->
Container a cnode :: Container a -> a ->
Container a ->
Container a ctree :: a -> Container ( Container a ) ->
Container a cflat :: Container ( Container a ) ->
Container a czero = C $ \f -> pure czero cpure x = C $ \f -> cpure < $> f x ccons x l = C $ \f -> ccons < $> f x <*> travC l f csnoc l x = C $ \f -> csnoc < $> travC l f <*> f x cpair l r = C $ \f -> cpair <$> travC l f <*> travC r f cnode l x r = C $ \f -> cnode < $> travC l f <*> f x <*> travC r f ctree x l = C $ \f -> ctree < $> f x <*> travC l ( traverse f ) cflat l = C $ \f -> cflat < $> travC l ( traverse f ) instance Functor Container where fmap g c = C $ \f -> travC c ( f . g ) instance Foldable Container where foldMap = foldMapDefault instance Traversable Container where traverse = flip travC instance Monad Container where return = cpure m >>= f = cflat $ fmap f m instance Monoid ( Container a ) where mempty = czero mappend = cpair Note that there are all kinds of " constructors " , and they can all be combined .
Writing their definitions is similar to how you would write Traversable instances .
So I 'm not sure what we have here , as I just ran into it , I was n't looking for a solution to a problem .
It is also all quite abstract , and I 'm not sure I understand what is going on everywhere .
Is this useful ?
Has this been done before ?
Are there better implementations of foldMap and ( >>= ) for Container ?
Finally , a little example .
A Show instance ( for debugging purposes ) which shows the nesting structure .
newtype ShowContainer a = ShowContainer { doShowContainer :: String } instance Functor ShowContainer where fmap _ ( ShowContainer x ) = ShowContainer $ " ( " ++ x ++ " ) " instance Applicative ShowContainer where pure _ = ShowContainer " ( ) " ShowContainer l <*> ShowContainer r = ShowContainer $ init l ++ " , " ++ r ++ " ) " instance Show a =>
Show ( Container a ) where show = doShowContainer .
traverse ( ShowContainer . show ) greetings , -- Sjoerd Visscher sjoerd at w3future.com
Even in times of financial uncertainty , it ’s always important to keep things in perspective .
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life .
– Henry David Thoreau
You did n’t go to sleep hungry last night .
You did n’t go to sleep outside .
You had a choice of what clothes to wear this morning .
You hardly broke a sweat today .
You did n’t spend a minute in fear .
You have access to clean drinking water .
You have access to medical care .
You have access to the Internet .
You can read .
You have the right to vote .
Some might say you are rich , so remember to be grateful for all the things you do have .
The correct assessment , I think , is how much of the change from zero that Bush bequeathed Obama .
And there , the picture is more complicated .
Bush left a very small structural budget deficit -- until the massive financial crisis .
The change since then has mostly been either structural ( tax declines ) , things that Obama participated in as president - elect or senator ( the bailout ) or things he authored ( the stimulus ) .
But more importantly , the deficit now is not what matters .
Any Republicans who are using it as a political tool to bash Obama should be ashamed of themselves ; whatever you think of the stimulus package , one year of massive borrowing is not going to kill us , and the impact on future generations will be small .
The graphic 's equally arbitrary end date obscures the real worry : the years after the current crisis .
By then , it will make about as much sense to blame them on Bush 's fiscal policy , or Medicare Part D , as it would on FDR 's fiscal policy , or Medicare Part A. Social Security and Medicare Parts A - C will be driving far more of Obama 's deficits than anything Bush did .
Do n't believe me ?
Iraq is now at $ 120 billion a year , and scheduled to decline .
It seems churlish to blame Bush for Medicare Part D , given that the Democrats ' main complaint was that it was n't expensive enough , but let 's go ahead and blame him anyway : $ 35 billion a year .
The tax cuts sunset in 2010 ; after that , Obama has to affirmatively act to extend them .
The structural deficit projected in 2010 was a little over $ 100 billion .
But what about all the debt he racked up ?
Net public debt rose less than 4 % of GDP during Bush 's presidency .
Net interest ( aka Cash Interest We Pay Bondholders ) went from $ 223 billion in 2000 to $ 244 billion in 2008 ; adjusted for inflation , and as a percentage of GDP , it actually fell .
If we are entitled to expect Bush to close the budget deficit with those kinds of numbers , then we ought to be able to expect it from Barack Obama .
Bush 's deficits are not holding him back .
But this is what we have been told to expect :
How is a $ 118 billion structural deficit , $ 35 billion in Medicare Part D , and a theoretical end to the Iraq presence forcing Barack Obama to spend nearly $ 1 trillion in 2018 ?
How is it forcing him to spend roughly $ 650 trillion more than he takes in in 2012 ?
This is not Bush 's fault .
And you know what ?
Even if it were Bush 's fault , who cares ?
It 's like those people in their thirties who spend the whole decade in therapy and get into long weepy conversations over bottles of wine about how they can never have a healthy relationship because their father was so cold and distant , and their mother was a perfectionist harpy .
I mean , hey , it sounds like your parents were terrible .
But this is not actually very useful information .
Dad could get down on his hands and knees and admit that he was the most horrible father in the entire world , and beg for your forgiveness , and guess what ?
You 're still lonely and balding and drinking way too much mid-priced Chardonnay .
No matter what Dad did , he can't fix it .
You have to be the one to call your girlfriend and say " I love you . "
If Dad does it , she 'll just get all creeped out .
We 've always had a soft spot for Sony CEO Sir Howard Stringer , and it sounds like the old man 's doing more than cajoling Tom Hanks into telling jokes following his consolidation of power : in a lengthy and illuminating interview with Nikkei Electronics Asia , Sir Howard pledged that Sony would use more open standards in the future , saying " If we had gone with open technology from the start , I think we probably would have beaten Apple " in the music market .
That 's a pretty bold statement to be making in hindsight -- especially since we 're pretty sure the Connect Player and SonicStage would have still driven people screaming into the arms of iTunes -- but it 's pretty heartwarming to hear from the head of a company just as famous for an endless array of funky proprietary standards as it is the Walkman .
You want to make us feel even warmer and fuzzier , Howie ?
" We can no longer say that we 're right and our customers are wrong .
We can't build only what we want to build . "
Wow -- sounds like the start of a whole new Sony .
We 'll see if Sir Howard can actually pull off what sounds like a major change in his company 's culture , but for right now we 'd recommend hitting the read link and taking in the whole interview , cause it 's a good one .
15 May 2009 [ Federal Register : May 15 , 2009 ( Volume 74 , Number 93 ) ] [ Notices ] [ Page 22977-22978 ]
From the Federal Register Online via GPO Access [ wais.access.gpo.gov ]
[ DOCID : fr15my09 -103 ]
=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION
Nixon Presidential Historical Materials : Opening of Materials AGENCY : National Archives and Records Administration .
ACTION : Notice of opening of additional materials .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY :
This notice announces the opening of additional Nixon Presidential Historical Materials by the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum , a division of the National Archives and Records Administration .
Notice is hereby given that , in accordance with section 104 of Title I of the Presidential Recordings and Materials Preservation Act ( PRMPA , 44 U.S.C. 2111 note ) and 1275.42 ( b ) of the PRMPA Regulations implementing the Act ( 36 CFR part 1275 ) , the Agency has identified , inventoried , and prepared for public access approximately 154 hours of Nixon White House tape recordings and textual materials among the Nixon Presidential Historical Materials .
DATES : The Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum intends to make the materials described in this notice available to the public on Tuesday , June 23 , 2009 .
The tape recordings will be made available on the Web at http://www.nixonlibrary.gov beginning at 9 a.m. ( EDT ) /6 a.m. ( PDT ) .
The textual materials will be made available at the National Archives building at College Park , MD beginning at 11 a.m. ( EDT ) with the exception of the White House Central Files of Kenneth Cole which will be made available at the Richard Nixon Library and Museum 's primary location in Yorba Linda , CA beginning at 9 a.m. ( PDT ) .
In accordance with 36 CFR 1275.44 , any person who believes it necessary to file a claim of legal right or privilege concerning access to these materials must notify the Archivist of the United States in writing of the claimed right , privilege , or defense before June 15 , 2009 .
ADDRESSES : The Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum , a division of the National Archives , has facilities in the Archives II Building at 8601 Adelphi Road , College Park , Maryland besides its primary location at 18001 Yorba Linda Blvd. , Yorba Linda , [ [ Page 22978 ] ]
California .
Listening stations for the tape recordings will be available at both locations .
Researchers at either facility must have a NARA researcher card which they may obtain when they arrive at the facility .
Petitions asserting a legal or constitutional right or privilege which would prevent or limit access must be sent to the Archivist of the United States , National Archives at College Park , 8601 Adelphi Road , College Park , Maryland 20740-6001 .
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT : Timothy Naftali , Director , Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum , 714-983-9121 or 301-837-3117 .
SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION :
The following materials will be made available in accordance with this notice : 1 . NARA is proposing to open approximately 994 conversations which were recorded at the Nixon White House in January and February 1973 .
These conversations total approximately 154 hours of listening time .
This is the thirteenth opening of Nixon White House tapes since 1980 .
There are no transcripts for these tapes .
Tape subject logs , prepared by NARA , are offered for public access as a finding aid to the tape segments and a guide for the listener .
There is a separate tape log entry for each conversation .
Each tape log entry includes the names of participants ; date and inclusive times of each conversation ; location of the conversation ; and an outline of the content of the conversation .
Listening stations will be available on a first come , first served basis and will also be available on the Web at http:// www.nixonlibrary.gov.
NARA reserves the right to limit listening time in response to heavy demand .
2 . Previously restricted materials .
Volume : 10.5 cubic feet .
A number of textual materials which were previously withheld from public access have been reviewed for release and / or declassified under the mandatory review provisions of Executive Order 12958 , as amended , or in accordance with 36 CFR 1275.56 ( Public Access regulations ) .
The materials are from integral file segments for the White House Special Files , Staff Member and Office Files ; the National Security Council Files ; and the Henry A. Kissinger Office Files .
3 . White House Central Files , Staff Member and Office Files .
Volume : 8 cubic feet .
The White House Central Files Unit was a permanent organization within the White House complex that maintained a central filing and retrieval system for the records of the President and his staff .
The Staff Member and Office Files consist of materials that were transferred to the Central Files but were not incorporated into the Subject Files .
The following file groups will be made available : Kenneth Cole Files .
4 . White House Central Files , Name Files : Volume : < 1 cubic foot .
The Name Files were used for routine materials filed alphabetically by the name of the correspondent ; copies of documents in the Name Files were usually filed by subject in the Subject Files .
The Name Files relating to Paul Olsen and Frank Borman will be made available with this opening .
5 . White House Central Files , Subject Files .
Volume : 3 cubic feet .
The White House Central Files Unit was a permanent organization within the White House complex that maintained a central filing and retrieval system for the records of the President and his staff .
The Subject Files were arranged according to subject matter and were based on an alphanumerical file scheme of 61 primary categories .
Listed below are the integral files segments from the White House Central Files , Subject Files in this opening : GI Gifts [ partial ] .
ME Messages [ partial ] .
FG 170 National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control .
FG 210 Public Advisory Committee on Trade Policy [ empty ] .
FG 211 Public Land Law Review Commission .
FG 212 Quetico - Superior Committee .
FG 213 Railroad Retirement Board .
FG 214 Renegotiation Board .
FG 215 Securities and Exchange Commission .
FG 219 Southern Interstate Nuclear Board .
FG 220 Subversive Activities Control Board .
6 . White House Special Files , Subject Files , Oversize Attachment Files .
Volume : 7 cubic feet .
The White House Special Files Unit was created within the White House complex to provide a secure storage location for administratively and politically sensitive material , personal material , and material with the President 's handwriting .
The Subject Files were arranged according to subject matter and were based on an alphanumerical file scheme of 61 primary categories .
The Oversize Attachment Files were a means of filing and organizing materials that were too bulky or odd - sized to be placed in a file folder .
Listed below are the oversize attachments from the White House Special Files , Subject Files in this opening : CF OA 1056 FG 6 - 11 - 1 Huebner , Lee. CF OA 354 FG 215 Securities and Exchange Commission .
7 . White House Central Files , Oversize Attachment Files .
Volume : 1 cubic foot .
The White House Central Files Unit was a permanent organization within the White House complex that maintained a central filing and retrieval system for the records of the President and his staff .
The Oversize Attachment Files were a means of filing and organizing materials that were too bulky or odd - sized to be placed in a file folder .
Listed below are the oversize attachments from the White House Central Files , Oversize Attachment Files in this opening : OA 's ( 707 , 1963 , 3269 , 3989 , 3993 , 4580 , 4801 , 4942 , 5118 , 5197 , 5403 , 5717 , 8084 , 8880 , 8974 , 9007 , 9177 , 9194 , 9908 , 10005 , 10111 , 10156 , 10508 , 10589 , 10743 , 10990 , 11604 , 11910 , 12141 , 12319 , 13958 , 14378 14484 ) .
8 . National Security Council Files .
Volume : 3 cubic feet .
In accordance with the provisions of Executive Order 12958 , as amended , several series within the National Security Council files have been systematically reviewed for declassification and the following file groups will be made available : EC - 121 Korea , Shoot Down .
9 . The Nixon Library holds three subgroups of Federal Record Group 87 : Records of the United States Secret Service .
Those relating to the ``Installation and Maintenance of the White House Sound Recording System and Tapes , '' NC3 - 87 - 82 - 1 , consisting of 2.5 cubic feet , will be made available .
Dated : May 8 , 2009 .
Adrienne Thomas , Acting Archivist of the United States .
[ FR Doc. E9 - 11515 Filed 5-14-09 ; 8:45 am ]
BILLING CODE 7515-01 - P
by Clare Hamilton ( age 9 )
On Monday , I did everything right -
except put on my pants .
On Tuesday , I went to sit down at my desk
but then I saw that it was covered in ants .
On Wednesday , I thought I was late for school
but then I looked at the clock and saw that it was 5:30 .
On Thursday I went out to recess ,
I tripped over a rock , plopped right into the mud
and got very dirty .
On Friday I forgot that there was no school
and when I saw that no one was there , I felt like a fool .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
From Modis Rapid Response System site :
The MODIS Rapid Response System was developed to provide daily satellite images of the Earth ’s landmasses in near real time .
True - color , photo - like imagery and false - color imagery are available within a few hours of being collected , making the system a valuable resource (… ) .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) flies onboard NASA ’s Aqua and Terra satellites as part of the NASA - centered international Earth Observing System .
Both satellites orbit the Earth from pole to pole , seeing most of the globe every day .
Onboard Terra , MODIS sees the Earth during the morning , while Aqua MODIS orbits the Earth in the afternoon .
One thing that a few people know is that everyone can have access to a near real - time moderate resolution images from two NASA satellites ( Aqua and Terra ) which orbits the earth from pole to pole every day and captures images and data like thermal anomalies from the most part of the globe .
In this post , I ’ll show how to get and plot those imagery and data to a map using Python and Matplotlib + Basemap toolkit .
The Aqua and Terra orbits
What do the orbit track maps show ?
The response is from NASA site ,
The maps have a series of white lines with tick marks on them that show what time ( using Coordinated Universal Time , or UTC ) the satellite will be passing over a particular location on Earth on a given day .
The white lines represent the center of the swath .
The time stamps mark the start of the northern ( Terra ) or southern ( Aqua ) edge of each 5 - minute data collection period .
An image acquired at that location will span roughly 1150 kilometers on either side of the tick mark .
Every day there are two passes over most areas : one daylight pass , and one nighttime pass .
At this point the MODIS Rapid Response System produces images for the daylight passes only .
The image products
The MODIS also provides different band combined images , like the Band 3 - 6 - 7 combination , which helps distinguish the liquid water from frozen water .
You can find more information about the other band combinations on the FAQ .
Well , the real - time imagery is available here , those images are Level - 2 images , which means that they are not yet corrected , you will see that they appears with some distortion :
But we have some subsets available here , and they are automatically generated in near - real - time for various applications users .
Here is an example of recent fire in Australia ( the red markers are the thermal anomalies , click in the image to enlarge ) :
In the image we can see the smoke caused by the fires .
This photo is from 09 Feb.
2009 , 04:40 UTC , taken by the Aqua satellite .
The active fire hotspots data
There are some information that will be helpful for us too , is the hotspot / fire products , those products are from FIRMS – Fire Information for Resource Management System - , the objective of FIRMS is :
FIRMS provides MODIS hotspot / fire products to natural resource managers around the world in easy to use formats .
The active fire / hotspots are available on txt and in shape files format , to use the txt , you must ask for a permission , but the shape files is public available at the firedata section of the site .
We will use the Global firedata , which is available in the lasts 24 hrs , 48 hrs or 7 days .
The shape files are updated every 4 hours and uses the WGS84 projection , if you are interested about the shape files , read the FAQ on the site .
The code
[ See the full source - code ]
Now that we have the imagery and the shape data files with the active fire hotspots , let ’s begin to code :
1 ) Downloading the MODIS image and metadata
To download the image from MODIS , we use the available zip file with the image and some metadata files , it is available in this URL :
http://rapidfire.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/subsets/?subset=[Subset name ] . [ Year ] [ Day of the year ] .
[ Satellite ] . [ Pixel size ] .zip
An example of this URL is :
http://rapidfire.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/subsets/?subset=FAS_Brazil5.2009041.terra.2km.zip
This URL will download the subset package of the subset “ FAS_Brazil5 ” of 041/2009 taken by the “ Terra ” satellite and with a pixel size of 2 KM .
To download this file , we will use a defined function that will download it using the urllib2 Python module , see the full source code to view all the functions , I will omit some of them for the sake of brevity .
This piece of code will download the zip file in the data.zip and decompress it on a temporary folder :
download ( URL_RAPIDFIRE_SUBSET , " data.zip " ) zipf = zipfile .
ZipFile (' data.zip ') tempdir = tempfile.mkdtemp( ) for name in zipf.namelist ( ) : data = zipf.read ( name ) outfile = os.path.join( tempdir , name ) f = open ( outfile , ' wb ' ) f.write ( data ) f.close ( ) zipf.close ( )
The next step is to download the image metadata , this metadata file contains the follow :
subset : FAS_Brazil5 date : 2009041 ( 02/10/09 ) satellite : Terra projection : Plate Carree projection center lon : 0.0000 projection center lat : 0.0000 UL lon : -57.2947 UL lat : - 25.3305 UR lon : -48.2029 UR lat : -25.3305 LR
lon : -48.2029 LR lat : - 35.6727 LL lon : -57.2947 LL lat : - 35.6727
This information will be used to set the Matplotlib Basemap parameters of the upper left corner latitude , etc .
Here is the code that will download and parse the metadata file :
metadata = downloadString ( URL_METADATA ) ll_lon = parseTerm ( metadata , " LL lon " ) ll_lat = parseTerm ( metadata , " LL lat " ) ur_lon = parseTerm ( metadata , " UR lon " ) ur_lat = parseTerm ( metadata , " UR lat " )
2 ) Downloading and parsing the active fire hotspots data – shape file
The next step is to download and parse the shape file that have the active fire hotspots data , this piece of code will download the zipped shape file :
download ( URL_FIRE_SHAPES , " shapes.zip " ) zipf = zipfile .
ZipFile (' shapes.zip ' ) for name in zipf.namelist ( ) : data = zipf.read ( name ) outfile = os.path.join( tempdir , name ) f = open ( outfile , ' wb ' ) f.write ( data ) f.close ( ) zipf.close ( )
And this is the source code to parse the shape file using the dbflib ( included in the Basemap toolkit of Matplotlib ) :
shape_path = os.path.join( tempdir , ' Global_%s ' % FIRE_LASTS ) dbf = dbflib.open( shape_path ) rec_count = dbf.record_count ( ) xlist = [ dbf.read_record( i ) [ ' LONGITUDE '] for i in xrange ( rec_count ) ] ylist = [ dbf.read_record( i ) [ ' LATITUDE '] for i in xrange ( rec_count ) ] confidence = [ dbf.read_record( i ) [ ' CONFIDENCE '] for i in xrange ( rec_count ) ] dbf.close ( )
This routine will create 3 lists used to plot the fire hotspots on the map , the first list is the Longitude , the second is the Latitude , this two lists gives our x/y coord .
on the map , and the “ confidence ” list , the confidence represents the quality of individual hotspots / fire pixels , as the FIRMS FAQ says :
A detection confidence intended to help users gauge the quality of individual hotspot / fire pixels is included in the Level 2 fire product .
This confidence estimate , which ranges between 0 % and 100 % , is used to assign one of the three fire classes ( low - confidence fire , nominal - confidence fire , or high - confidence fire ) to all fire pixels within the fire mask .
In the Collection 4 fire product this confidence estimate does not adequately identify highly questionable , low confidence fire pixels .
Such pixels , which by design should have a confidence close to 0 % , are too often assigned much higher confidence estimates of 50 % or higher .
This will be corrected for Collection 5 .
3 ) Plotting the map with matplotlib
Now , we have all the information to plot the map , we have the last true - color image taken by the satellite , and we have the fire hotspot data of the lasts 24 hrs , the next step is to create a map and plot those information , this is the code used to do that :
m = Basemap ( projection='cyl ' , llcrnrlat=ll_lat , urcrnrlat=ur_lat , \ llcrnrlon=ll_lon , urcrnrlon=ur_lon , resolution='h ' ) m.drawcoastlines ( ) m.drawmapboundary(fill_color='aqua ' ) m.scatter ( xlist , ylist , 20 , c=confidence , cmap=p.cm.hot , marker='o ' , edgecolors=' none ' , zorder=10 ) m.imshow(image_modis )
The final plot result
This is the final plot result , the color dots on the map is the active fire / hotspots for the lasts 24 hrs , the color is relative with the confidence value , which is from 1 to 100 , this value is normalized the Matplotlib and then it is show using a color map , I ’m using the “ hot ” colormap .
This is a plot from the south of Brazil , the image is 500 m pixel size , from Terra satellite , taken in 10 Feb 2009 using the subset FAS_Brazil5 .
[ See the full source code ]
You can change the script and just plot the global shape file , the result will look like this :
This is a fire hotspot global plot of the lasts 24 hrs , data from 11 Feb. 2009 .
Images courtesy of MODIS Rapid Response Project at NASA / GSFC
More information
Fire Information for Resource Management System
MODIS Rapid Response System
GLCF – Global Land Cover Facility
I used to get the standard phone calls and emails that most physics professors get : the one from the guy who claims to have refuted Einstein 's theory of relativity , the one from the guy who is positive that we never landed on the moon and it was all done on the soundstage , and the one from the guy who is really upset that Physical Review Letters wo n't publish his paper on the perpetual motion machine he 's invented only because he does n't have a Ph.D. and would I please submit the paper with my name on it because it would surely get published then .
The last guy clearly has n't seen my CV , or he'd know my success rate with PRL .
Jennifer wrote a great blog about mediagenicity a couple years ago that I recommend to everyone , and not just because she tagged me as ' a bit of a physics bombshell ' .
Before elucidating five rules for improving your mediagenicity quotient , she wrote :
" Mediagenics " are insightful , articulate , and likeably approachable , with a good sense of humor and innate ability to connect in any number of different ways with various audiences .
It 's making the connection that 's so critical , because without that , communication is impossible .
If you 're at all mediagenic - and in physics , the bar is pretty low -- the kinds of phone calls and emails you get change .
Which is why I was standing out in the parking lot at school Friday night at 6:00 p.m. in 100 degree heat wearing a sweater over my sleeveless top because I dinged myself while moving things from one lab to the other and have a gigantic bruise on my upper arm .
( Note added 6/28/09 :
You can see the results here . )
It all started Wednesday , when I got an email from Brandon Webb , who handles PR for the College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics at UT Dallas .
He wanted to know if I could talk to a reporter who wanted to know whether a Styrofoam cup could break a windshield .
( That 's an advantage to being officially mediagenic - I do n't get contacted directly now - they go through my ' people ' a.k.a Brandon . )
C'mon - a Stryofoam cup break a windshield ?
Not likely .
Then the reporter emailed me the photos .
The windshield looks like a rock went through it just above the inspection sticker .
For you non-Texans , that 's a few inches from the bottom left side of the windshield .
Marilyn Mackey , the driver of the car with the broken windshield , was traveling about 65 mph down a highway .
As a car passed her in the opposite direction , its driver threw a cup out his or her window .
We know it was a cup of soda because , in addition to poor Marilyn getting wet , there is sticky dried cola - colored liquid all over the inside of the car .
The police pulled part of the cup out of the windshield ( which is how we know it came from Sonic ) and found a shredded straw inside the car .
( Thanks to the family for permission to post the photo ! )
This called for a little research and one of Oullette 's rules of mediagenicity is to take the call when it comes and appreciate that reporters work on hard deadlines , so it had to be quick .
The Sonic website has a nutrition calculator , complete with masses .
A small Coke is about 3 / 4 of a pound , while a Route 44 ( the giant size ) is about 2 lbs .
A regulation baseball is about 1/3 of a pound , and the ginormous sode weighs about as much as a bag of sugar , just to put things in perspective .
A gallon of water weighs 8.3 lbs .
The weight of the cup is negligible compared to the soda .
Yes , I did check : A Diet Coke weighs only very slightly less .
The two cars were coming at each other and we 'll approximate that they were both going about 65 mph , which means that the speed of the cup relative to the car it hit was about 130 mph .
( You never thought you 'd need to use relative speed when you learned it in high school , did you ? )
If the driver of the oncoming car threw the cup instead of just releasing it , the cup would have an even greater speed when it hit the other car .
This is where the physicist side of me started to get fidgety .
I get uncomfortable with numbers , because there 's a lot we do n't know .
As you can see from the diagram , if we really wanted to do this right , we 'd need to know how close the cars got to each other before the cup was thrown , how hard the cup was thrown , the angle the cup was thrown , the drag on the cup , how much of the drink was left in the cup ...
Jennifer 's second rule comes to mind - know your audience and tailor your message .
Newspapers and television do n't really want to know about all those details because they have to tell the story in a minute or two and caveats like that tend to take a lot of time to explain .
And they DO want numbers .
I explained to the reporters all the unknowns so they'd know why I was giving them a big a range of numbers .
Take a conservative case :
Let 's assume that taking everything into account , the cup hit at a speed of 130 mph and came to a stop .
( Again , an approximation because the cup went through the windshield and kept going . )
Then the change in momentum ( the difference between the momentum the cup had prior to hitting and the momentum the cup had after coming to a stop ) would be :
where I 've used that 130 mph=191 ft/s and made the distinction between weight ( 2.00 lb ) and mass ( weight divided by the acceleration due to gravity ) .
The change in the momentum is n't the most important thing .
The force is the change in momentum divided by the time it takes to change the momentum .
We have no idea how long the cup took to come to a stop , plus it hit the windshield , slowed down , and then part of it continued moving into the car .
So let 's just arbitrarily take a range from a tenth of a second to a half second .
At a half second , the force would be about 24 pounds and at a tenth of a second , the force would be about 120 pounds .
And that 's the range I felt comfortable being quoted on in the newspaper article .
The reporter for Channel 8 asked me what the force actually meant .
The best way to describe it would be that a scale placed on the windshield would register between 20 and 120 lbs when the cup hit .
That quick calculation convinced me that it was n't beyond the realm of possibility that a drink cup could actually break a windshield .
If the cup were thrown , even a pretty bad arm could give it an additional 30 - 40 mph , so the force could have been much larger .
When we taped my interview for Channel 8 , the reporter asked if it mattered how the cup was oriented when it hit .
It does .
Brandon - who is just a joy to work with - had pitched them the idea of taping the segment in front of a car using a Sonic cup as a prop , so I had the cup right there .
This was a question that just came up , so I had n't had a lot of time to think about it .
That always makes me nervous because the last think you want is to be captured on tape saying something wrong .
It does make a difference .
Compare what happens when a cup hits bottom first or side first , as I 've tried to illustrate to the right .
The bottom of the cup is really rigid , so there is n't going to be a lot of give .
If it hits side first , the cup is going to give .
If you 've ever grabbed a flimsy drink cup and it squished and the lid came off , that 's exactly what would happen .
This is the exact same principle the SAFER barriers use for racetracks .
Deforming the wall increases the time it takes for a car to come to a stop , and that decreases the force the driver feels .
If the cup hit side first , it would n't create as much force as if it hit end first .
And , of course , I was n't mentally or numerically agile enough to think to calculate the kinetic energy during the taping .
A 2 lb cup of soda going 130 mph would have the same kinetic energy as a baseball thrown at 150 mph , or the same energy you get from exploding a half gram of TNT .
I 've spent the last year doing nothing but trying to get my lab up and running again .
I apparently have lost the ability to do even simple math .
So I was only off by a factor of 2 or so .
( Total tangent : A 44 oz Coke contains 371 kilocalories of energy , which is equal to the kinetic energy of a passenger car going 86 mph . )
There are two important things you should take away from all of this .
First , do n't throw stuff out the window of your car .
Ms. Mackey was wearing glasses and that 's a really fortunate coincidence .
The glasses were pitted from where pieces of windshield glass hit them .
If she had n't been wearing glasses , she might have had very serious injuries to her eyes .
She could have lost control of the car and crashed and been killed .
We are fortunate that this is a " what the ...? " story and not a tragedy .
That leads to my second point .
Did any of you ever consider a problem like this in any physics class you took ?
If not , why not ?
I spent about half a day answering questions about this situation from the media , from random people who emailed with follow up querstions .
It 's clearly something people are interested in .
I mentioned this to one of my less free - thinking colleagues and was told that a problem like this is " simply too hard for beginning physics students " .
Balderdash .
Doing calculations without friction when you like in a world where you can't escape friction is hard because nothing you calculate has any connection to real life .
Figuring out whether a drink can go through a windshield and kill someone is complicated , but I did n't use anything you do n't learn in first semester high school physics .
I keep wanting to teach a course called ' Physics You 'll Actually Use ' , but I have n't gotten anyone to approve such a title .
Yet .
A couple of weeks back , a producer from Good Morning America left a voicemail on my phone wondering whether it would be possible for LeBron James to jump over a taxicab .
We shot a segment and it ultimately never aired because the dumb ol '
Cavs got themselves bumped out of the championship race .
I 'm counting on Shaq to get them there next year so that I can finally reveal the answer .
Favorite Answer
In all love ,
Here is the commandment according to the KJV from Exodus 20 :
4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image , or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above , or that is in the earth beneath , or that is in the water under the earth .
5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them , nor serve them : for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God , visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me ;
Certainly , you may hold that no one should create anything .
If this is how you understand then you will not be challenged .
Certainly , some may understand the two verses in companion as a commandment against idol worship .
Again , these will not be challenged either .
You understand what you understand , they understand what they understand .
There is truth in both perspectives .
Your position is both verses should stand on their own merit .
Others may say that to quote only one verse is to take that verse out of context .
Who is to say one position is better then the other ?
There is a different understanding that comes from the concept of the oneness of God .
Many different Holy Books , including but not limited to the Bible , teach that God is in all things and nothing exist outside of him .
To find an object or concept and declare that this is God in his fullness and entirety IS idol worship .
For if you were to know the position of every atom in the universe and have the power to command any of them to take what ever form you wished , you still would not even come close to knowing or understanding the awesome nature of God .
Those who say they know , do not know .
Those who say they do not know , know .
In life , you have a choice about how you approach things .
There are two basic approaches :
If you approach a person , book or subject looking for truth , unity , understanding , insight and harmony , these things will appear in abundance .
Perhaps not 100 % but certainly if it is your intent these are the things that will manifest .
Likewise , if you approach things looking for lies , division and untruth , this is what will appear in abundance .
Here is a question that should cause introspection .
Friends , which of the above are you looking for ?
Surely you will find the object of your search !
If you want to learn more , check out the blog on this website :
http://360.yahoo.com/iammindman
Blessings and peace ,
All in all ,
Nony
Apple released the iPhone 3.0 firmware and also the iPhone 3G S which comes with the latest firmware , but the old iPhone 3G phones once upgraded with the new firmware would lose the network if it was an unlocked phone earlier .
And the dev team has released the first tool to unlock the 3.0 firmware – Pwnagetool 3.0 which is helpful to jailbreak phones with latest firmware and also unlock for any network .
The tool is available only for mac users , as of now and the same for windows would be available soon .
With Pwnagetool , you can unlock the Original iPhone ( 1st Generation ) , Original iPod touch ( 1st Generation ) and the iPhone 3G .
But this tool would not work to unlock the iPhone 3G S which is just released into the market .
Soon , Dev team would also release the ultrasn0w which would be the ultimate tool to unlock the latest firmware iPhone version .
Here are a few mirror links to download Pwnagetool to unlock the iPhone 3.0 firmware –
While Ubuntu - X does not officially support these packages , if you discover problems when installing these debs please feel free to report bugs to launchpad .
However , pleaseso we know the fixes need to come here .
April 21 , 2009  --
" Clean coal is a dirty lie , " says environmentalist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , who calls President Barack Obama and other politicians who commit taxpayer money to develop it " indentured servants " of the coal industry .
Click here to read more of Brian Ross ' interview with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the issue of clean coal .
Despite a series of expensive false starts and failures , President Obama proposed $ 3.4 billion in stimulus legislation to fund continued research on " clean coal " projects .
" Clean coal is like healthy cigarettes , it does not exist , " says former Vice President Al Gore .
The coal industry has been running a multi-million dollar advertising blitz to promote the theory that coal can be made clean , using one of Obama 's campaign speeches in its television commercials .
Click here to see the coal industry 's commercials featuring President Obama .
" You can't tell me we can't figure out a way to burn coal that we mine right here in the United States and make it work , " says Obama in the commercial , which ends with on - screen words : Yes We Can .
The " clean coal " theory is that coal 's dangerous global warming gas , carbon dioxide , can be captured and sent by pipeline to be buried deep in the earth .
" It is the dirtiest of all fuels that we know of , " said Bruce Nilles of the Sierra Club , which says talk of " clean coal " is designed to put off efforts to wean the country off coal .
" Today in the United States , most of the pollution is coming from coal burning power plants , " said Nilles .
After 24 years and billions of dollars spent trying , there is still no operating coal power plant using " clean coal " technology .
" How many such plants are there ? " asked former Vice President Gore at a the Clinton Global Initiative last year .
" Zero .
How many blueprints ?
Zero . "
Clean Coal Projects Abandoned
What was to be the premier " clean coal " project in Mattoon , Illinois , was abandoned last year by the Bush administration when the projected cost doubled to nearly $ 2 billion .
" It has suffered the same fate as other clean coal efforts , it simply became too expensive and does n't work , " said Tom Schatz , of the organization Citizens Against Government Waste .
A similar project in southern California , announced with great fanfare , was also abandoned after environmental concerns were raised by local residents .
A third " clean coal " project set for Indiana , was put on hold when the money ran out .
" Carbon capture , storage technologies are expensive , " concedes Steve Miller of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , an industry group .
" They are high risk ventures . "
Half of the electricity in the United States is produced through burning coal , and given the worldwide dependence on coal , the industry says there 's no choice but to keep trying to make clean coal technology work .
" It 's the only way to have affordable , reliable energy and also meet our environmental ethic , " said Miller of the industry group .
Despite the failures , " clean coal " got new life during last year 's Presidential campaign when both major candidates endorsed the concept as they campaigned in coal - producing states .
The coal industry contributed $ 15.6 million to all federal campaigns in the last election cycle , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
The McCain campaign received $ 302,000 from coal industry - connected contributors .
Obama received $ 242,000 .
" It 's a sad testament to the impact of campaign contributions , our system and the political clout of this industry that you have very sensible politicians , including great men like Barack Obama , who feel the need to parrot the talking points of this industry that is so destructive to our country , " said Kennedy , who was reportedly under consideration as Obama 's Environmental Protection Agency director .
The battle over " clean coal " is being played out now on cable news channels , where both sides have run a series of advocacy commercials .
Coen Brothers Produce Anti Clean Coal Ads
To counter the coal industry 's commercials with President Obama , environmental groups have used wicked humor .
Click here to see the anti-clean coal commercials .
Showing an empty field , the announcer says , " Clean coal , heard a lot about it , so let 's take a look at the clean coal state of the art facility .
Amazing . "
Another commercial , produced by the Coen brothers , shows a man spraying black coal dust .
" It smells so clean , " the announcer says .
" Clean coal harnesses the awesome power of the word ' clean ' to make it sound like the cleanest clean there is .
Clean coal is supported by the coal industry , the most trusted name in coal . "
The coal industry is unbowed .
" I feel like we can be the good guys here , and we have to be the good guys here if we 're really going to address climate change , " says Miller of the industry group .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
THERE is no prize for guessing that racy men's magazines such as Zoo and Playboy are the hottest titles teenage boys admit to reading at the moment .
But what might turn a few heads is news that some of the biggest global sports and surf brands such as Nike , adidas and Billabong are on the nose among a group that social trendspotters have labeled generation Z - the young turks born between 1992 and 2005 .
Raunchy blokes magazines aside , there is a far more serious and conservative streak emerging among today 's estimated 600 million teenagers , if a global study of 112,000 13 - to 17 - year - olds is right .
And Australian teens are displaying the same attitudes as their international comrades , says an international study just released by online virtual world site , Habbo .
Unlike their older and somewhat chastised forbears in the generation - Y camp , today 's teenagers are not besotted by fame and fortune and carry a heavier burden when it comes to career stability , ecological responsibility , social justice and what they 're looking for in their media and brand - consumption preferences .
Habbo says there are enormous challenges for companies trying to appeal to the more selfish tendencies of generation X while simultaneously attempting to woo the younger " Zeds " .
Home > Technology >
Telecom firms back standard phone charger in Europe
.
Functional Testing Services
Functional testing is a key element for enhancing the quality of the developed software .
The risks of releasing a new product without rigorous quality assurance have greater implications now than ever before because of the ever - changing expectations and demands of the end users .
Finding independent QA and testing vendors , who are not biased by the development unit , is crucial to the success of a quality product .
At QA InfoTech , we value this , and being an independent software testing company enables us to report the transparent view .
Our objective is to measure the performance quality of the functional components .
We practice a thorough framework based methodology when conducting functional , GUI , database and regression testing .
Our centers of excellence have helped multiple enterprises to implement an organized approach in automation functional testing services .
We have leveraged our internal framework with the right mix of automation tools and our home - grown methodologies , resulting in not just repeatability and time savings in time efforts but also bring in combinatorial testing wherever possible combining functional test scripts with areas such as performance , security , localization , accessibility etc .
Why Us ?
Fully functional QA services for all our clients ensures that software functionality performs according to requirements
Validation of data integrity across business flows
Robust infrastructure and disaster - recovery plan provide continuous testing services ( 24X7 )
Our infrastructure has multiple redundant servers giving us 99.9 % uptime
Dedicated testing labs with well equipped servers simulate various client environments at our premises and extensive use of the cloud in our testing infrastructure
Utilization of web - enabled defect management tools reflecting transparency on the testing cycle
Multiple teams work in different GEOs to track the defects in real time
While functional testing in itself is an age old traditional testing attribute , which will continue to be the main area testers focus on , the style and need for functional testing has been changing over the years , which we are well able to incorporate and offer to our clients as conscious quality practitioners .
“ You need to have more faith in me , ” he said .
That evening he went over to a friend ’s house .
Near midnight , I called him .
“ This is n’t adding up , ” I said .
“ You ’re up past dawn .
You ’ve been spending money on restaurants .
Other parents tell me you do nothing but gamble at their houses . ”
He had shown me everything , he insisted .
I reiterated my concern and my determination to get to the truth .
We hung up .
I lay awake .
Around 4 a.m. , I remembered hearing Dan and a friend debate the merits of PokerStars versus Full Tilt Poker .
He could be playing , I realized , on another site .
Somewhere , perhaps in his e-mail , I could find a Full Tilt account ; I could call his bluff .
So there I was , the sun just rising , logging onto Full Tilt Poker in the guise of my son .
I clicked the tab for “ My Account . ”
The balance read $ 12,000 .
I clicked “ Recent Activity . ”
He had been playing hundreds of games and tournaments , all summer long .
I went to “ Contact information ” and changed the password and the e-mail address .
I logged off , returned to Dan ’s e-mail account , deleted the messages from Full Tilt and emptied the Deleted Items folder .
My entire body shaking at this point , I went upstairs to tell Donald what I had done .
From the moment he could move puzzle pieces into place , Dan loved games .
In preschool , entranced by Mario Bros. on Nintendo , he invented and acted out competitions with Mario and Luigi , whom he called “ the Widgie . ”
When he could n’t settle down for nap time in kindergarten , the computer teacher led him to the lab , where he spent the hour racking up magic coins .
At home he discovered Monopoly ; when everyone else was sick of the game , he played against his own imaginary opponent .
At 6 , when basketball grabbed his attention , he hung around the court across the street from our house and hustled free - throw competitions with older kids ; if none showed up , he pretended to be Michael Jordan and Dennis Rodman and played one on one against himself .
By fourth grade , he spoke in terms of “ winning the test ” at school .
By then , too , Dan had shown himself a gifted athlete and switched from basketball to tennis , where he could fight it out all by himself and take home the prize .
Eventually he would garner a national ranking and player - of - the - year trophies .
Although tennis distracted him from college preparation , the physical fitness and confidence it gave him assuaged — just barely — a mother ’s worries .
Between tennis matches and on nontennis weekends , Dan and his friends played cards .
They were part of a national craze set off by the televised World Series of Poker and its sudden elevation of poker players to media stars .
Some parents worried about the $ 5 buy - in games of Texas Hold ’ Em that were held in various basements , including mine .
I countered that I was glad the boys were talking to one another rather than staring at a video screen ; that those who lost would play Ping - Pong or foosball .
I actually taught Dan his first casino game , blackjack .
When he was learning arithmetic , we had a jar of pennies on the kitchen counter , and one day I asked Dan and his brother if they ’d like to learn a game in which they counted to 21 — and if they won , they got to keep the other players ’ pennies .
In short order , Dan owned the whole jar .
The college Dan chose to attend , Old Dominion University in Virginia , was n’t his first choice .
While many schools wanted his tennis prowess and high SAT scores , they balked at his grades .
Old Dominion , a commuter school in Norfolk with a crack tennis team , was willing to take him .
To me , Dan seemed to be going to college for all the wrong reasons .
There was nothing he wanted to learn .
He wanted only to get away from home and to follow the same path that his tennis competitors were on .
But when Dan would not consider a “ gap year , ” even at a prestigious tennis academy , I stipulated that he take out a private student loan in the amount of the scholarship that he could have received from Old Dominion had his grades been better .
If he finished the year in good standing , I would repay the loan .
" Any person who is or seeks to be a patron of any SEPTA public vehicle shall be entitled to the same depressing experience of loud cell phones , obese people eating McDonalds , parents telling their toddlers to " Shut the . . . Up ! " , and a constant inch - deep layer of urine - soaked trash and debris .
The Carnivorous Lampshade Robot Turns Insects Into Fuel ;
As OIL is running out .
We need power .
Insects are invading the country .
Here is the solution ;
Flies and moths are naturally attracted to light .
This lamp shade has holes based on the form of the pitcher plant enabling access for the insects but no escape .
Eventually they expire and fall into the microbial fuel cell underneath .
This generates the electricity to power a series of LEDs located at the bottom of the shade .
These are activated when the house lights are turned off .
Courtesy of Material Beliefs
In just seven years the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival has emerged as the premier music festival in the United States , if not the world .
With the biggest names in music from genres across the musical spectrum taking to thirteen stages and providing festival - goers with four days of good music , danceable beats and pleasing melodies , this year ’s Bonnaroo , from June 11 - 14 in Manchester , Tennessee will be no different from the last seven .
But in addition to the mountains of music and non-musical activities , the festival , which last year was named one of eighteen music festivals worldwide to receive the Greener Festival award , added several new green dimensions to its already impressive greening efforts .
Like the much newer Rothbury Festival up in Michigan , festival organizers at Bonnaroo have been hard at work finding new ways to green the festival scene and engage fans in discussions , seminars and educational programs about important sustainability topics and the pressing environmental issues of today .
In addition to incorporating an environmental mission statement into every vendor contract , festival organizers have built upon past successful sustainability efforts and mixed in some new ones to give festival attendees a greener music festival experience .
[ social_buttons ]
Below are a few of the pre-festival green highlights , but stay tuned to Green Options for green updates , photos , interviews and reports from the ground at this year ’s Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival .
Planet Roo :
The culmination of the festival ’s environmental mission statement while on site is Planet Roo , an eco and social activism village dedicated promoting socially responsible lifestyles .
Planet Roo is where you can interact with environmental organizations like Rock the Earth , Oxfam , Natural Resources Defense Council and HeadCount ; eat organic food at a waste - free restaurant ; and enjoy interviews and performances on the the Solar Stage , powered by solar - photovoltaic panels .
Local is Sustainable :
This year , Bonnaroo will concentrate on a buy local message by purchasing as many supplies and utilities from the Tennessee area as possible ( ranging from hay for the police horses to food and drink for the human festivarians ) .
To keep the message reverberating throughout its ranks , Bonnaroo will provide a list of regional food purveyors strongly recommended to all festival vendors and educate patrons about local sourcing in their daily lives .
Bonnaroo Trash Talkers :
As always , Bonnaroo will run an extensive recycling and composting program in partnership with Clean Vibes , an organization dedicated to diverting as much of the festival ’s waste from the landfill as possible .
“ Trash Talker ” volunteers will staff the waste reclamation centers located within the venue and Centeroo and encourage festival attendees to dispose of their waste in the appropriate receptacles – either recycling , compost , or landfill .
Bonnaroo Green Ticket :
You can become a Bonnaroo stakeholder by opting - in when you buy your ticket .
Contributions support the development and implementation of sustainable improvements in Manchester , Tennessee .
Victory Garden : A collection of herbs , edible flowers , and heirloom vegetables will be growing in the demonstration gardens outside of the Strawbale Building in Planet Roo .
Stop by and stick your nose in some lemon basil or chocolate mint , and stay for one of the workshops on topics such as composting , eating locally , and organic gardening on a budget .
Bonnaroo Carbon Shredders : A group of folks from two Vermont based companies ( Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and Seventh Generation ) have returned to engage the Bonnaroo community in reducing their carbon footprint .
The Bonnaroo Carbon Shredders want to see if they can get 10,000 folks to reduce their footprint by 10 % by Bonnaroo 2010 .
At the festival they will enlist signatories and educate those interested about simple ways to reduce one ’s carbon footprint .
Conscious Alliance Food Drive : Much like the food drive organized at the inaugural Rothbury Festival , Bonnaroo has partnered with Conscious Alliance for the 6th Annual Bonnaroo Food Drive to benefit the Good Samaritan Food Pantry , of Manchester , TN .
Last year ’s food drive brought in 7,000 pounds of food donations for the hungry in Coffee County .
This year , organizers hope to top the 2008 numbers and pull in at least 10,000 pounds .
The Less Bottled Water Program : Festivals like Bonnaroo have been somewhat notorious for over - reliance on bottled water .
In an effort to raise awareness of water issues facing the world , reducing waste , and upgrading the drinking water onsite , Bonnaroo and STANLEY / nineteen13 are implementing the Less - Bottled Water Program .
For each purchase of the Bonnaroo branded reusable stainless steel water bottle , $ 1 will go to the Global Water Challenge who ’s mission is to generate a global movement to meet the urgent need for safe water and sanitation by spurring collective awareness and investment in innovation by corporate , public , and nongovernmental sectors .
As part of the sponsorship of Bonnaroo , STANLEY also contributed to the on-site water infrastructure improvements which made more clean water available to festival attendees .
I can vouch for the big improvements in taste with the new water made available .
Infrastructure Changes :
New electricity facilities will allow the festival to plug directly into the local Duck River grid , reducing generator use by 70 percent and virtually eliminating the festival ’s need for biodiesel fuel .
Tying into the grid also makes it possible for the festival to purchase green power offsets directly from the Tennessee Valley Authority .
For updates from Bonnaroo and beyond , follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Images : 1 . Brookage , Yardena 2009 , Bonnaroo ; 2 , 3 , and 5 .
Tim Hurst
There is a strain within some forms of Western theology that is deeply concerned with the “ justice ” of God .
Some even go so far as to say that God is constrained by His justice – that He cannot deny its demands ( to do so , they argue , would make Him “ less than just ” ) .
It is common for Orthodox theology to find this problematic .
Here St. Isaac of Syria states the case quite clearly :
Mercy and justice in the same soul is like the man who worships God and idols in the same temple .
Mercy is in contradiction with justice .
Justice is the return of the equal .
Because it returns to man that which he deserves and it does not bend to one side neither is it partial in the retaliation .
But mercy is sorrow that is moved by grace and bends to all with sympathy and it does not return the harm to him who deserves it although it overfills him who deserves good .
…
And as it is not possible for hay and fire to be able to exist in the same house , the same way it is not possible for justice and mercy to be in the same soul .
As the grain of sand cannot be compared with a great amount of gold – the same way God ’s need for justice cannot be compared with his mercy .
Because man ’s sin , in comparison to the providence and the mercy of God , are like a handful of sand that falls in the sea and the Creator ’s mercy cannot be defeated by the wickedness of the creatures .
I understand that many have a passion for the justice of God – believing that in the end everyone will be requited in the proper manner and this “ balancing ” will somehow make right all of the evil that may have been tolerated for a while .
There is no doubt that many times our evil actions bring evil consequences on us ( not as punishment from God but as our own self - willed estrangement from His Divine Life ) .
But the vision of the Fathers and the vision of Christ ’s revelation of the Father as received in the Church is of the infinite mercy of God .
Abba Ammonas states :
Love is not in enmity with anybody , it does not abuse anybody , it does not detest anybody neither believer nor unbeliever or foreigner or fornicator , or unclean .
On the contrary it loves more the sinners and the weak and the negligent and for their sake it toils and mourns and weeps .
It empathizes with the wicked and the sinners more than it does with the good , imitating and drinking with them .
Therefore when
He wanted to show us which is the true love he taught saying ‘ be then compassionate as your Father is compassionate '( Luke 6:36 ) and as he sends his rain on the good and the wicked and makes
His sun rise on the honest and the dishonest , the same way he who truly loves , loves everybody and has compassion for all and prays for all .
This sort of discourse can provoke anger in some readers – particularly those who demand that justice must , in the end , be done .
I cannot help but feel that those who demand justice of God are like those who stood about the woman taken in adultery and demanded her stoning .
Christ rebuked them , seeking to show them the sin in their own heart ( “ he who is without sin let him cast the first stone ) .
By a strange quirk of Christian theology , there are those who feel “ righteous ” in their own heart , arguing that , having accepted Christ as Lord and Savior , they now have the righteousness of Christ ( “ imputed righteousness ” ) and thus feel safe in calling for justice to be done to others ( thinking , I suppose , that this threat will provoke repentance ) .
But justice is a very dangerous thing indeed .
Though it may be called for in the interest of provoking someone to repentance , it can quickly become a thing in itself , and gather us up into the company of those who are outwardly righteous but inwardly “ full of dead men ’s bones . ”
Spiritually , it is of far greater benefit and safety to simply beg the mercy of God for those who are trapped in sin , and see and treat them with the mercy of God .
We are commanded to love even our enemies .
I can think of no commandment that says we are to judge the unrighteous .
By the same token , I think it becomes theologically dangerous for us to project this judgment onto God who has shown us His mercy in that “ while we were yet sinners , Christ died for us . ”
This unbounded love of God is limited only by theologians who seek to set requirements on the reception of the love of God .
Let them return to His mercy and first determine where it ends before they suggest the beginning of something else .
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
More
Print
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States is launching a World Trade Organization case against China over its export restrictions on raw materials , U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk said on Tuesday .
In Brussels , the European Union said it was joining the United States in the action , which follows failure to persuade China to reduce its export tariffs and raise quotas on materials such as zinc , tin , tungsten and yellow phosphorous .
“ After more than two years of urging China to lift these unfair restrictions , with no result , we are filing at the WTO today , ” Kirk told a news conference in Washington .
“ We are most troubled that this appears to be a conscious policy to create unfair preferences for Chinese industries , ” he said .
Kirk said the United States was formally requesting consultations with Beijing , the first step in the case .
If those talks fail , the next step would be to request that a WTO panel hear the complaint , a step that can take years .
Western governments say resource - hungry China has continued to restrict exports of raw materials used in steel , semiconductors , aircraft and other products despite Beijing ’s pledge to eliminate taxes and charges on exports when it joined the WTO in 2001 .
The United States and other Western nations say these quotas and taxes hurt European and U.S. companies while giving Chinese companies an unfair advantage .
But taking action at the WTO is expected to further damage already brittle trade relations with China .
Anuhea ( real name : Rylee Anuheake ' alaokalokelani Jenkins ) is a reggae / r&b / pop artist that hails from Hawai'i .
She 's able to mix quite a few genres together for a smooth track .
But you can definitely hear the island influence .
Her debut album just came out this year and she 's quickly moving up the charts .
The album is self - titled and was released in April of this year .
She has upbeat attitude ... upbeat music and a beautiful face and you can't go wrong with that .
Keep a look out for Anuhea because if you do n't know her name now then you will .
Also spend a few hours practicing how to say her middle name out of respect !( Anuheake ' alaokalokelani ! )
Here 's a few words from her about her music :
" My main goal as a music - maker is to inspire people to find their dream , whatever it may be , "
she says .
" I just feel lucky that I 've found my dream and am able to pursue it . "
Here 's a track called " Big Deal " from her debut album :
05%20-%20Big%20Deal
Big Deal
Anuhea - Big Deal [ LIVE ]
Coffee Talk Episode 2 : " North Shore " with Anuhea for Kohana Coffee ( Advertisement BUT cute nonetheless )
Oxfam International to assist 175,000 displaced civilians
As thousands of families continue to flee their homes in northwest Pakistan amid clashes between government forces and organized armed groups , Oxfam International has begun providing emergency relief to around 175,000 women , men and children in urgent need of assistance .
“ We ’re seeing a flood of families arriving from the conflict area , carrying whatever possessions they could bring , ” said Neva Khan , Oxfam country director in Pakistan .
“ The provincial authorities and aid agencies are working hard to cope with the huge influx .
But with clashes continuing and thousands more families on their way , much more needs to be done – especially to meet the needs of the most vulnerable such as women and girls .
“ The lack of sufficient water and sanitation facilities is causing problems for many people .
With the current hot temperatures set to rise and torrential monsoon rains just six weeks away , the risks of illness and disease are rising fast .
The Pakistani authorities , donors and aid agencies need to respond quickly and effectively to prevent further suffering .
” Working closely with local partner organizations , Oxfam is providing essential items and services such as water and sanitation facilities and health information , not only to people in camps but also to those staying often in cramped , difficult conditions with host families whose resources are already overstretched .
“ Although they are less visible , around three - quarters of displaced people have sought refuge outside camps .
We need to ensure that they are not neglected , ” said Neva Khan .
More than 360,000 people have registered in camps and special centers for displaced people in recent weeks , with another 200,000 estimated to be on their way following renewed fighting between government forces and armed groups in Pakistan ’s North West Frontier Province .
This latest exodus comes amid renewed fighting between Pakistani government forces and armed groups and is in addition to more than 550,000 people who have fled their homes since August 2008 to escape previous clashes .
Oxfam assisted over 15,000 women , men and children who fled their homes in NWFP after battles erupted in the region last year .
Scores of civilians have reportedly been killed or injured in recent weeks of clashes and many thousands more have lost their homes and livelihoods .
An estimated 200,000 civilians are thought to be trapped in areas where intense fighting continues .
The humanitarian community has no access to these populations .
Oxfam calls on all sides in the conflict to take special care to avoid harming non-combatants and to allow humanitarian workers safe access to assist civilians affected by the conflict wherever they are .
Oxfam also calls on the international community to support efforts by the government and aid agencies to provide displaced civilians with emergency relief as well as plans to help them return to their communities to rebuild their homes and livelihoods .
Aiming to reach the most vulnerable women , men and children , Oxfam International has been providing humanitarian relief and development in Pakistan for more than 35 years .
I 've just given one of the keynote speeches at the LOGIN 2009 conference here in Seattle .
Here 's more or less that I said ...
Imagine you 're sitting among a well - fed audience of MMO developers and gaming startup managers ( no , nobody video'd the talk ) :
Good morning .
I'm Charlie Stross ; I write science fiction , and for some reason people think that this means I can predict the future .
If only I could : the English national lottery had a record roll - over last week , and if I could predict the future I guess I 'd have flown here on my new bizjet rather than economy on Air France .
So that 's just a gentle reminder to take what I 'm going to say with a pinch of salt .
For the past few years I 've been trying to write science fiction about the near future , and in particular about the future of information technology .
I 've got a degree in computer science from 1990 , which makes me a bit like an aerospace engineer from the class of ' 37 , but I 'm not going to let that stop me .
The near future is a particularly dangerous time to write about , if you 're an SF writer : if you get it wrong , people will mock you mercilessly when you get there .
Prophecy is a lot easier when you 're dealing with spans of time long enough that you 'll be comfortably dead before people start saying " hey , wait a minute ... "
So : what do we know about the next thirty years ?
Quite a lot , as it turns out — at least , in terms of the future of gaming .
Matters like the outcome of next year 's superbowl , or the upcoming election in Germany , are opaque : they 're highly sensitive to a slew of inputs that we can't easily quantify .
But gaming is highly dependent on three things : technological progress , social change , and you .
Let 's look at the near - future of the building blocks of computing hardware first .
On a purely technological level , we 've got a pretty clear road - map of the next five years .
You know all about road maps ; the development cycle of a new MMO is something like 5 years , and it may spend another half decade as a cash cow thereafter , The next five years is a nice comfortable time scale to look at , so I 'm going to mostly ignore it .
In the next five years we can expect semiconductor development to proceed much as it has in the previous five years : there 's at least one more generation of miniaturization to go in chip fabrication , and that 's going to feed our expectations of diminishing power consumption and increasing performance for a few years .
There may well be signs of a next - generation console war .
And so on .
This is n't news .
One factor that 's going to come into play is the increasing cost of semiconductor fab lines .
As the resolution of a lithography process gets finer , the cost of setting up a fab line increases — and it's not a linear relationship .
A 22nm line is going to cost a lot more than a 33nm line , or a 45 nm one .
It 's the dark shadow of Moore 's Law : the cost per transistor on a chip may be falling exponentially , but the fabs that spit them out are growing pricier by a similar ratio .
Something like this happened , historically , in the development of the aerospace industry .
Over the past thirty years , we 've grown used to thinking of the civil aerospace industry as a mature and predictable field , dominated by two huge multinationals and protected by prohibitive costs of entry .
But it was n't always so .
Back in the nineteen - teens , it cost very little to get in on the game and start building aircraft ; when a timber magnate called Bill went plane - crazy he and one of his buddies took a furniture shop , bought a couple of off - the - shelf engines , and built some birds to sell to the US navy .
But today , it takes the company he founded close to a decade and ten billion dollars to roll out an incremental improvement to an existing product — to go from the Boeing 747-100 to the 747-400 .
It turns out that the power - to - weight ratio of a modern high - bypass turbofan engine is vastly higher than that of an early four - stroke piston engine , modern construction materials are an order of magnitude stronger , and we 're just a hell of a lot better at aerodynamics and design and knowing how to put the components together to make a working airliner .
However , the civil airliner business hit a odd brick wall in the late 1960s .
The barrier was a combination of increasing costs due to mushrooming complexity , and the fact that aerodynamic drag goes up nonlinearly once you try to go supersonic .
Concorde and the Tupolev 144 — both supersonic airliners — turned out to be dead ends , uneconomical and too expensive to turn into mass consumer vehicles .
And today , our airliners are actually slower than they were thirty years ago .
In the medium term ( by which I mean 5 - 15 years ) we 're going to reach the end of the exponential curve of increasing processing power that Gordon Moore noticed back in the late 1960s .
Atoms are on the order of one nanometre in size ; it 's hard to see how we can miniaturize our integrated circuits below the 10nm scale .
And at that point , there 's going to be a big shake - up in the semiconductor business .
In particular , Intel , AMD and the usual players wo n't be able to compete on the basis of increasing circuit density any more ; just as the megahertz wars ended around 2005 due to heat dissipation , the megaflop wars will end some time between 2015 and 2020 due to the limits of miniaturization .
There 's still going to be room for progress in other directions .
It 's possible to stack circuits vertically by depositing more layers on each die ; but this brings in new challenges — heat dissipation and interconnection between layers , if nothing worse .
There 's room for linear scaling here , but not for the exponential improvements we 've come to expect .
Stacking a hundred layered chips atop each other is n't going to buy us the kind of improvement we got between the 8080 and the i7 core — not even close .
This is going to force some interesting economies of scale .
Over the past couple of decades we 've seen an initially wide - open playing field for processors diminish as bit players were squeezed out : we had SPARC and PA - RISC and IBM's Power architecture and SGIs MIPS and ARM and the 68000 series and , and , and .
But today we 're nearly down to two architectures in the consumer space : Intel on the PCs and Macs — which are basically just a PC with a different user interface , these days — and ARM on handhelds .
Actually , ARM is about 95 % of everything , consumer and embedded both — as long as you remember that the vast majority of consumer - owned computers are phones or embedded gizmos .
The other architectures hang on in niches in the server and embedded space but get no love or attention outside them .
I expect to see a similar trend towards convergence of GPUs , too .
It 's expensive to develop them and graphics processors are n't made of sparkly unicorn turds ; it 's semiconductors all the way down , and constrained by the same as other components — memory , cpu , whatever .
So I expect we 'll see a market in the next decade where we 're down to a couple of processor architectures and a handful of GPU families — and everything is extremely boring .
New components will be either the result of heroic efforts towards optimization , or built - in obsolescence , or both .
I do n't want to predict what we end up with in 2020 in terms of raw processing power ; I 'm chicken , and besides , I 'm not a semiconductor designer .
But while I 'd be surprised if we did n't get an order of magnitude more performance out of our CPUs between now and then — maybe two — and an order of magnitude lower power consumption — I do n't expect to see the performance improvements of the 1990s or early 2000s ever again .
The steep part of the sigmoid growth curve is already behind us .
Now that I 've depressed you , let 's look away from the hardware for a minute .
After processor performance ( and by extension , memory density ) , the next factor we need to look at is bandwidth .
Here , the physical limits are imposed by the electromagnetic spectrum .
I do n't think we 're likely to get much more than a terabit per second of bandwidth out of any channel , be it wireless or a fibre - optic cable , because once you get into soft X - rays your network card becomes indistinguishable from a death ray .
But between fixed points we can bundle lots of fibres , and use ultrawideband for the last ten or a hundred metres from the access point to the user .
So : let 's consider the consequences of ubiquitous terabit per second wireless data .
The quiet game - changing process underneath the radar is going to be the collision between the development of new user interfaces and the build - out of wireless technologies .
Ubiquitous UMTS and follow - on developments of WCDMA giving phones download speeds of 7.2 mbps as standard .
WiMax and the embryonic 4G standards offering 50 - 100 mbps on the horizon .
Wifi everywhere .
We 're still driving up the steep shoulder of the growth curve of mobile bandwidth ; we 're nowhere near that terabit - per - second plateau at the top .
Wireless LANs are now ubiquitous , and adopting is heading towards 70 mbps this year and 200 mbps in the next couple of years .
On the WWAN front , the mobile phone operators have already been forced to give up their walled gardens of proprietary services and start to compete purely on supply of raw bandwidth : not willingly , but the threat of wifi has them running scared .
Their original vision of making money by selling access to proprietary content — TV over mobile phone — has failed ; plan B is the ubiquitous 3G dongle or wireless - broadband - enabled laptop .
Telephony itself is turning weird this decade .
If your phone is an always - on data terminal with 100 mbps coming into it , why would you want to make voice calls rather than use Skype or some over VoIP client ?
Computers are converging with television , and also with telephones .
Or rather , both TV and phones are shrinking to become niche applications of computers ( and the latter , telephony , is already a core function of the mobile computers we call mobile phones ) , and computers in turn are becoming useful to most of us primarily as networked devices .
The iPhone has garnished a lot of attention .
I 've got one : how about you ?
As futurist , SF writer and design guru Bruce Sterling observed , the iPhone is a Swiss army knife of gadgets — it 's eating other devices alive .
It 's eaten my digital camera , phone , MP3 player , personal video player , web browser , ebook reader , street map , and light saber .
But the iPhone is only the beginning .
Add in picoprojectors , universal location and orientation services , and you get the prerequisites for an explosion in augmented reality technologies .
The class of gadgets that the iPhone leads — I want you to imagine the gadget class that is the PC today , in relation to the original Macintosh 128 K back in 1984 — is something we do n't really have a name for yet .
Calling it a " smart phone " seems somehow inadequate .
For one thing , we 're used to our mobile phones being switched on , or off ( at least , in standby mode ) .
This gadget is never off — it is in constant communication with the internet .
It knows where it is , and it knows which way up it is ( it 's orientation sensitive ) .
It can see things you point it at , and it can show you pictures .
( Oh , and it does the smartphone thing as well , when you want it to . )
Let me give you a handle on this device , the gadget , circa 2020 , which has replaced our mobile phones .
It 's handheld , but about as powerful as a fully loaded workstation today .
At it 's heart is a multicore CPU delivering probably about the same performance as a quad - core Nehalem , but on under one percent of the power .
It 'll have several gigabytes of RAM and somewhere between 256Gb and 2 Tb of Flash SSD storage .
It 'll be coupled to a very smart radio chipset : probably a true software - directed radio stack , where encoding and decoding is basically done in real time by a very fast digital signal processor , and it can switch radio protocols entirely in software .
It 'll be a GPS and digital terrestrial radio receiver and digital TV receiver as well as doing 802. whatever and whatever 4G standard emerges as victor in the upcoming war for WWAN preeminance .
One of the weaknesses of today 's smartphones is that they 're poor input / output devices : tiny screens , useless numeric keypads or chicklet QWERTY thumboards .
The 2020 device will be somewhat better ; in addition to the ubiquitous multitouch screen , it 'll have a couple of cameras , accelerometers to tell it which way it 's moving , and a picoprojector .
The picoprojector is really cool right now : it 's the next solid - state gizmo that your phone is about to swallow .
Everyone from Texas Instruments to Samsung are working on them .
The enabling technologies are : compact red , blue , and green solid - state lasers , and a micro-electromechanical mirror system to scan them across a target — such as a sheet of paper held a foot in front of your phone .
Or a tabletop .
Picoprojectors will enable a smartphone to display a laptop - screen - sized image on any convenient surface .
The other promising display technology is , of course , those hoary old virtual reality goggles .
They 've come a long way since 1990 ; picoprojectors in the frames , reflecting images into your eyes , and cameras ( also in the frames ) , along with UWB for hooking the thing up to the smartphone gizmo , may finally make them a must - have peripheral : the 2020 equivalent of the bluetooth hands - free headset .
Now , an interesting point I 'd like to make is that this is n't a mobile phone any more ; this device is more than the sum of its parts .
Rather , it 's a platform for augmented reality applications .
Because it 's equipped with an always - on high bandwidth connection and sensors , the device will be able to send real - time video from it 's cameras to cloud - hosted servers , along with orientation information and its GPS location as metadata .
The cloud apps can then map its location into some equivalent information space — maybe a game , maybe a geographically - tagged database &mdash where it will be convolved with objects in that information space , and the results dumped back to your screen .
For example : if you point your phone at a shop front tagged with an equivalent location in the information space , you can squint at it through the phone 's screen and see ... whatever the cyberspace equivalent of the shop is .
If the person you 're pointing it at is another player in a live - action game you 're in ( that is : if their phone is logged in at the same time , so the game server knows you 're both in proximity ) , you 'll see their avatar .
And so on .
Using these gizmos , we wo n't need to spend all our time pounding keys and clicking mice inside our web browsers .
Instead , we 're going to end up with the internet smearing itself all over the world around us , visible at first in glimpses through enchanted windows , and then possibly through glasses , or contact lenses , with embedded projection displays .
There are many non -game applications for phones with better output , of course .
For starters , it 'll address all our current personal computing needs : stick a camera chip next to the microprojector to do video motion capture on the user 's fingers , and you 've got a virtual keyboard for grappling with those thorny spreadsheet and presentation problems .
But then it 'll do new stuff as well .
For example , rather than just storing your shopping list , this gadget will throw the list , and your meatspace location , at the store 's floor map and inventory database and guide you on a handy path to each each item on the list .
And then there 's the other stuff .
Storage is basically so cheap it 's nearly free .
Why not record a constant compressed video stream of everything you look at with those glasses ?
Tag it by location and vocalization — do speech - to - text on your conversation — and by proximity to other people .
Let your smartphone remember things and jog your memory : you 'll be able to query it with things like , " who was that person sitting at the other side of the table from me in the Pike Brewery last Tuesday evening with the fancy jacket I commented on ? "
Or maybe " what did Professor Jones say fifteen minutes into their Data Structures lecture on Friday while I was asleep ? "
I do n't know about you , but I could really do with a prosthetic memory like that — and as our populations age , as more people have to live with dementia , there 'll be huge demand for it .
In Japan today , the life expectancy of a girl baby is 102 years .
Which sounds great , until you learn that in Japan today , 20 % of over - 85s have Alzheimers .
Bouncing back to the present day , one of the weird side - effects of dropping GPS into a communications terminal is that traditional paper maps are rapidly becoming as obsolescent as log tables were in the age of the pocket calculator .
When we have these gizmos and add access to a geolocation - tagged internet , not only are we going to know where we are all the time , we 're going to know where we want to be ( which is subtly different ) .
And with RFID chips infiltrating everything , we 're probably also going to know where everything we need to find is .
No more getting lost : no more being unable to find things .
There are many other uses for the output devices we 'll be using with these gizmos , too .
Consider the spectacles I 'm wearing .
They 're made of glass , and their design has fundamentally not changed much since the fifteenth century — they 're made of better materials and to much better specifications , but they 're still basically lenses .
They refract light , and their focus is fixed .
This is kind of annoying ; I 'm beginning to suffer from presbyopia and I need new lenses , but spectacle fashions this year are just plain boring .
I 've already mentioned using picoprojectors to provide a head - up display via spectacles .
I 'd like you to imagine a pair of such video glasses — but with an opaque screen , rather than an overlay .
Between the camera on the outside of each " lens " and the eye behind it , we can perform any necessary image convolution or distortion needed to correct my visual problems .
We can also give our glasses digital zoom , wider viewing angles , and low light sensitivity !
Not to mention overlaying our surroundings with a moving map display if we 're driving .
All great stuff , except for the little problem of such glasses blocking eye contact , which means they 're not going to catch on in social environments — except possibly among folks who habitually wear mirrorshades .
So let 's put this all together , and take a look at where the tech side is going in the next 25 years .
For starters , once you get more than a decade out ( around 2020 or thereabouts ) things turn weird on the hardware front .
We can expect to get another generation of fab lines out of our current technology , but it 's not obvious that we 'll see chip fabrication processes push down to a resolution of less than 20nm .
By 2030 it 's almost inevitable that Moore 's Law ( in its classic formulation ) will have hit a brick wall , and the semiconductor industry will go the way of the civil aerospace industry .
There 'll be a lot of redundancy checks , and consolidation , and commodification of the product lines .
Today we do n't buy airliners on the basis of their ability to fly higher and faster ; we buy them because they 're more economical to operate , depreciate less , or fill specialized niches .
Airliners today are slower than they were thirty years ago ; but they 're also cheaper , safer , and more efficient .
In the same time frame , our wireless spectrum will max out .
Our wireless recievers are going to have to get smarter to make optimal use of that bandwidth ; it 'll be software - directed radio all round , dynamically switching between protocols depending on whether they need to maximize transmission path or bit rate in the horribly noisy environment .
But we 're going to hit the wireless buffers one way or the other in the same period we hit the Moore 's Law buffers .
There may , of course , be wildcard technologies that will save us .
Quantum computing ( if anyone knows how to make it work ) .
Massively parallel processing ( ditto ) .
We may see more efficient operating systems — Microsoft 's Windows 7 seems set to roll back the bloat relative to Vista , which was designed against a backdrop of the megahertz wars for the 5GHz desktop processors that turned out not to be viable .
On a similar note , Linux derivatives like Android and Moblin , and that BSD / Mach hybrid , OS/X , are being pared down to do useful work on the sort of low - end processors we can run off the kind of batteries that do n't require fire extinguishers and safety goggles .
If we can work out how to reduce the operating system overheads by an order of magnitude without sacrificing their utility , that 's going to have interesting implications .
But ultimately , the microcomputer revolution is doomed .
The end is nigh !
By 2030 we 're going to be looking at a radically different world : one with hard limits to available processing power and bandwidth .
The hard limits will be generous — there 's room for one or two orders of magnitude more processing power , and maybe five orders of magnitude more bandwidth — but they 'll be undeniable .
The next thing I 'd like to look at is the human factor .
Let 's start with the current day .
Today , gamers are pretty evenly split by gender — the days when it was possible to assume that there were many more males than females are over — and the average age is north of thirty and rising .
I do n't know anyone much over fifty who 's a serious gamer ; if you did n't have consoles or personal computers in your world by the time you hit thirty , you probably did n't catch the habit .
This is rather unlike the uptake pattern for film or TV , probably because those are passive media — the consumer does n't actually have to do anything other than stare at a screen .
The learning curve of even a console controller is rather off - putting for folks who 've become set in their ways .
I speak from experience : my first console was a Wii , and I do n't use it much .
( PCs are more my thing . )
At a guess , most gamers were born after 1950 — the oldest today would have been in their mid-20s in the mid-seventies , when things like the Atari 2600 roamed the Earth and the Apple II was the dizzy pinnacle of home electronics — and the median age demographic were born around 1975 and had an NES .
We talk about the casual / hardcore split , but that 's a bit of a chimera .
We 've always had hardcore gamers ; it 's just that before they had consoles or PCs , they played with large lumps of dead tree .
I lost a good chunk of the 1970s and early 1980s to Dungeons and Dragons , and I 'm not afraid to admit it .
You had to be hardcore to play in those days because you had the steep learning curve associated with memorizing several hundred pages of rule books .
It 's a somewhat different kind of grind from levelling up to 80 in World of Warcraft , but similarly tedious .
These days , the age profile of tabletop RPGers is rising just like that of computer - assisted gamers — and there are now casual gamers there , too , using a class of games designed to be playable without exotic feats of memorization .
So , let 's look ahead to 2030 .
We can confidently predict that by then , computer games will have been around for nearly sixty years ; anyone under eighty will have grown up with them .
The median age of players may well be the same as the median age of the general population .
And this will bring its own challenges to game designers .
Sixty year olds have different needs and interests from twitchy - fingered adolescents .
For one thing , their eyesight and hand - eye coordination is n't what it used to be .
For another , their socialization is better , and they 're a lot more experienced .
Oh , and they have lots more money .
If I was speccing out a business plan for a new MMO in 2025 , I 'd want to make it appeal to these folks — call them codgergamers .
They may be initially attracted by cute intro movies , but jerky camera angles are going to hurt their aging eyes .
Their hand / eye coordination is n't what it used to be .
And like sixty - somethings in the current and other cohorts they have a low tolerance for being expected to jump through arbitrary hoops for no reward .
When you can feel grandfather time breathing down your neck , you tend to focus on the important stuff .
But the sixty - something gamers of 2020 are not the same as the sixty - somethings you know today .
They 're you , only twenty years older .
By then , you 'll have a forty year history of gaming ; you wo n't take kindly to being patronised , or given in - game tasks calibrated for today 's sixty - somethings .
The codgergamers of 2030 will be comfortable with the narrative flow of games .
They 're much more likely to be bored by trite plotting and cliched dialog than todays gamers .
They 're going to need less twitchy user interfaces — ones compatible with aging reflexes and presbyopic eyes — but better plot , character , and narrative development .
And they 're going to be playing on these exotic gizmos descended from the iPhone and its clones : gadgets that do n't so much provide access to the internet as smear the internet all over the meatspace world around their owners .
If this sounds like a tall order , and if you 're wondering why you might want to go for the sixty - something hardcore gamer demographic , just remember : you 're aiming to grab the share of the empty - nester recreational budget that currently goes in the direction of Winnebago and friends .
Once gas regularly starts to hit ten bucks a gallon ( which it did last year where I come from ) they 'll be looking to do different things with their retirement — the games industry is perfectly positioned to clean up .
And then there are the younger generation .
Let 's take a look at generation Z :
The folks who are turning 28 in 2030 were born in 2002 .
9/11 happened before they were born .
The first President of the United States they remember is Barack Obama .
The space shuttle stopped flying when they were eight .
Mobile phones , wifi , broadband internet , and computers with gigabytes of memory have been around forever .
They have probably never seen a VHS video recorder or an LP record player ( unless they hang out in museums ) .
Oh , and they 're looking forward to seeing the first man on the moon .
( It 's deja vu , all over again . )
I 'm not going to even dare to guess at their economic conditions .
They might be good , or they might be terrible — insert your worst case prognostications about global climate change , rising sea levels , peak oil , and civil disorder here .
Moreover , I do n't think I 'm sticking my neck too far above the parapet if I say that by 2030 , I think the American market will be something of a backwater in the world of online gaming .
China is already a $ 4 Bn / year market ; but that 's as nothing compared to the 2030 picture .
The Chinese government is currently aiming to make an economic transition which , if successful , will turn that country into a first world nation .
Think of Japan , only with ten times the population .
And then there 's India , also experiencing stupefying growth , albeit from a poverty - stricken starting point .
Each of these markets is potentially larger than the United States , European Union , and Japan , combined .
The world of 2030 : what have I missed ?
I said earlier that I 'm not a very accurate prophet .
Our hosts have only given me an hour to stand up here and drone at you ; that limits my scope somewhat , but let me try and give a whistle - stop tour of what I 've missed out .
I am assuming that we are not all going to die of mutant swine flu , or run out of energy , or collectively agree that computer games are sinful and must be destroyed .
This assumption — call it the " business as usual " assumption — is a dubious one , but necessary if we 're going to contemplate the possibility of online games still existing in 2030 .
I have short - sightedly ignored the possibility that we 're going to come up with a true human - equivalent artificial intelligence , or some other enabling mechanism that constitutes a breakthrough on the software or content creation side and lets us offload all the hard work .
No HAL - 9000s here , in other words : no singularity ( beyond which our current baseline for predictions breaks down ) .
Which means , in the absence of such an AI , that the most interesting thing in the games of 2030 will be , as they are today , the other human players .
I am assuming that nothing better comes along .
This is the most questionable assumption of all .
Here in the world of human beings — call it monkeyspace — we are all primates who respond well to certain types of psychological stimulus .
We 're always dreaming up new ways to push our in - built reward buttons , and new media to deliver the message .
Television came along within fifty years of cinema and grabbed a large chunk of that particular field 's lunch .
Cinema had previously robbed theatre 's pocket .
And so on .
Today , MMO gaming is the new kid on the block , growing ferociously and attracting media consumers from older fields .
I can't speculate on what might eat the computer games field 's lunch -- most likely it 'll be some new kind of game that we do n't have a name for yet .
But one thing 's for sure : by 2030 , MMOs will be seen as being as cutting edge as 2D platform games are in 2009 .
In fact , I 'm making a bunch of really conservative assumptions that are almost certainly laughable .
For all I know , the kids of 2030 wo n't be playing with computers any more — as such — rather they 'll be playing with their nanotechnology labs and biotech in a box startups , growing pocket - sized dragons and triffids and suchlike .
Nothing is going to look quite the way we expect , and in a world where the computing and IT revolution has run its course , some new and revolutionary technology sector is probably going to replace it as the focus of public attention .
Nevertheless ...
Welcome to a world where the internet has turned inside - out ; instead of being something you visit inside a box with a coloured screen , it 's draped all over the landscape around you , invisible until you put on a pair of glasses or pick up your always - on mobile phone .
A phone which is to today 's iPhone as a modern laptop is to an original Apple II ; a device which always knows where you are , where your possessions are , and without which you are — literally — lost and forgetful .
Welcome to a world where everyone is a gamer — casual or hardcore , it makes little difference — and two entire generational cohorts have been added to your market : one of them unencumbered by mortgage payments and the headaches of raising a family .
This is your future ; most of you in this audience today will be alive and working when it gets here .
Now is probably a bit early to start planning your development project for 2025 ; but these trends are going to show up in embryonic form well before then .
And if they do n't ?
What do I know ?
I 've got an aerospace engineering degree from 1937 ....
Burmese authorities are to charge pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her two maids over an incident in which an American swam across a lake to visit her at her house , her party said .
US national John Yettaw was detained by police in the military - ruled nation last week for gaining access to the 63 - year - old Nobel Laureate 's off - limits residence in Rangoon and staying there for two days .
" Her lawyer said the authorities will charge the lady and her two maids at the court in Insein prison , " Nyan Win , a spokesman for her National League for Democracy party said , referring to Burma 's most notorious jail .
- AFP
MAJORITY OF WORLD POPULATION FACE WATER SHORTAGES UNLESS ACTION TAKEN , WARNS MIGIRO
New York , Feb 5 2009 6:00 PM
Two - thirds of the world ’s population will face a lack of water in less than 20 years , if current trends in climate change , population growth , rural to urban migration and consumption continue , United Nations Deputy Secretary - General Asha -Rose Migiro warned today .
Speaking at a high - level symposium on water security at UN Headquarters , Ms. Migiro stressed that “ if present trends continue , 1.8 billion people will be living in countries or regions with water scarcity by 2025 , and two - thirds of the world population could be subject to water stress . ”
“ The lack of safe water and sanitation is inextricably linked with poverty and malnutrition , particularly among the world ’s poor , ” she <“ http://www.un.org/apps/dsg/dsgstats.asp?nid=150”>said at the two - day meeting organized by the World Water Organization ( WWO ) .
“ It limits girls ’ school attendance and exacerbates maternal mortality .
Yet today about 900 million people still rely on unimproved drinking - water supplies , and 2.5 billion people remain without improved sanitation facilities . ”
Unless urgent action is taken the conflict between water supply and demand is set to get worse , Ms. Migiro told the symposium ’s participants , comprising of experts from the UN , Member States , as well as corporate , medical , scientific , academic and non-governmental organization ( NGO ) communities .
“ In establishing the Millennium Development Goal of reducing by one half , by 2015 , the number of people without access to safe drinking water and adequate sanitation , the United Nations has challenged the international community to work together to improve such conditions , ” she said .
The symposium aims to identify specific threats and vulnerabilities to global water security and propose practical solutions for the protection and preservation of water supplies .
Ms. Migiro noted that agriculture consumes roughly three quarters of the world ’s fresh water supplies and in Africa the proportion is closer to ninety per cent .
“ More than 1.4 billion people live in river basins where their use of water exceeds minimum recharge levels , leading to desiccation of rivers and the depletion of groundwater , she said .
The Deputy Secretary - General stressed that achieving water security would mean more effective water management , including enhancing food security through more equitable allocation of water for agriculture and food production .
“ It means ensuring the integrity of ecosystems , and it means promoting peaceful collaboration in the sharing of water resources , particularly in the case of boundary and transboundary water resources . ”
________________
For more details go to UN News Centre at http://www.un.org/news
Intimidation at the New York Times : How the Israel Lobby Silenced 2 Leading Columnists
Thomas Friedman was once brave .
This New York Times columnist and author established his reputation reporting on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
His early work gave objective accounts of the suffering of the Palestinian people , placed blame for the failed peace talks squarely on the Israeli government , and exposed the undue influence that pro-Israel lobbyists wield on policies of the U.S. government .
Then the Israel lobby went to work on him .
In July 2001 , the Media Monitor of the Jewish Press put Mr. Friedman on their Enemies List .
Groups like CAMERA and AIPAC castigated his reporting as being anti-Semitic .
The president of the Zionist Organization of America claimed “ Friedman ’s language conjures up disturbing stereotypical images of Jews conspiring to manipulate world leaders and events . ”
He was branded a “ self - hating Jew . ”
These relentless attacks worked their desired effect .
A “ re-educated ” Mr. Friedman suddenly embraced the pro-Israel position to go to war with Iraq .
Famously , in his column of August 18 , 2002 , he coached President Bush on how best to begin that war , then subsequently called the invasion of Iraq “ one of the noblest things this country has ever attempted abroad . ”
And he began denigrating the Palestinian people and their struggle for self - determination .
Today , Thomas Friedman receives $ 75,000 per talk to Jewish organizations .
He lives in an $ 9 million mansion in Maryland .
His change of message seems not to have hurt his career .
Columnist Frank Rich , too , once offered intelligent criticism about events in the Middle East .
Early on , he wrote about Baruch Goldstein , the Brooklyn - born settler who attacked a mosque during prayers , murdering 29 men and boys .
Mr. Rich called him a Jewish terrorist for his “ savage mass murder of praying Muslims ” and lamented that a shrine was erected by Israelis , celebrating Goldstein as a hero .
For expressing this opinion , Jewish groups pilloried Mr. Rich for being anti-Semitic and disloyal to Israel .
In his May 11 , 2002 column , “ The Booing of Wolfowitz , ” Mr. Rich defended then Deputy - Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz for acknowledging at a large pro-Israel rally in Washington that “ innocent Palestinians are suffering and dying in great numbers as well ” in the Middle East .
Wolfowitz , whose father ’s family was killed in the Holocaust , was effectively heckled off stage and called an anti-Semite .
Mr. Rich ’s forthright essay rebuked such knee - jerk responses of anti-Semitism by American Jewish groups and dared to opine that right - wingers who tolerate no criticism of Israel undermine their own cause .
Predictably , these pro-Israel forces then turned on Mr. Rich and the New York Times .
They threatened to boycott the paper , ceasing all advertising , even withholding Jewish death notices .
Their response to Mr. Rich was more personal .
He suffered a fusillade of attacks , “ self - hating Jew ” being their favored and highly effective calumny .
Frank Rich has learned the lesson .
You will not be reading any more Baruch Goldstein or Paul Wolfowitz columns by him .
Nowadays , cowed like Mr. Friedman , he toes the line , and is largely silent on Israeli - Palestinian issues .
( See the following entry , “ Frank Rich : Moral Hypocrisy ? “)
So , am I anti-Semitic ?
No .
I am against the Israel lobby that attempts , through intimidation ( and rewards ) to corrupt the critical role of the media in America — a role founded on the belief that an informed citizenry , engaged in open and public debate , is essential for our democracy .
Thomas Friedman and Frank Rich are only two examples of many reporters who have been pressured to abandon their professional responsibility in covering the Middle East .
Mainstream media has failed us .
America will live with the consequences .
“ Tactics in Counterinsurgency ” ( pdf ) , a new U.S. Army Field Manual , expands upon the Counterinsurgency doctrine of the best - selling December 2006 manual ( pdf ) on that subject .
The new manual was previously circulated in an interim , draft form and then abruptly withdrawn from public access .
( “ ‘ Tactics in Insurgency ’ Again Online , ” Secrecy News , April 6 , 2009 ) .
Now it has been finalized and formally released .
“ At its heart , a counterinsurgency is an armed struggle for the support of the population , ” the manual declares .
“ This support can be achieved or lost through information engagement , strong representative government , access to goods and services , fear , or violence .
This armed struggle also involves eliminating insurgents who threaten the safety and security of the population . ”
“ However , military units alone cannot defeat an insurgency .
Most of the work involves discovering and solving the population ’s underlying issues , that is , the root causes of their dissatisfaction with the current arrangement of political power .
Dealing with diverse issues such as land reform , unemployment , oppressive leadership , or ethical tensions places a premium on tactical leaders who can not only close with the enemy , but also negotiate agreements , operate with nonmilitary agencies and other nations , restore basic services , speak the native ( a foreign ) language , orchestrate political deals , and get ‘ the word ’ on the street . ”
See “ Tactics in Counterinsurgency , ” Field Manual 3-24.2 , April 21 , 2009 ( 300 pages , 10 MB PDF ) .
TO censor the Internet painlessly , undetectably , is the dream that keeps repressive governments up late at their mainframe computers .
After all , no users are so censored online as those who never see it .
The Iranian government is carrying out an Internet crackdown in hopes of subduing the protest movement that has surged since the disputed results of the presidential election on June 12 .
At the same time , the Iranian government has been sending out the police to restrain protesters and foreign journalists .
Thus far , however , the Iranian government has learned the difficulty of trying to control the Internet in half - steps .
Because the government ’s censorship efforts are so evident  transparent , even  there is a battle raging online to keep Iran connected to the world digitally , and thus connected to the world .
Sympathizers around the world are guiding Iranians to safe access to the Internet and are hosting and publicizing material that is being banned within Iran .
If only Iran ’s leaders had thought through the implications of what can be called the Cute Cat Theory of Internet Censorship , as propounded by Ethan Zuckerman , a senior researcher at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard Law School .
His idea is deceptively simple : most people use the Internet to enjoy their lives , and among the ways people spread joy is to share pictures of cute cats .
Even the sarcastic types ( who , for example , have been known to insert misspelled messages under pictures of kittens ) seem to be under their thrall .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that Saudi Arabia , four of its princes and other Saudi entities cannot be held liable for the September 11 , 2001 , hijacked plane attacks in the United States .
The justices refused to review the ruling by a U.S. appeals court in New York that the Saudi defendants were protected by sovereign immunity in the lawsuit brought by victims of the attacks and their families .
The appeals court had upheld a lower court ’s dismissal of the lawsuit claiming Saudi Arabia , four princes , a Saudi charity and a Saudi banker provided material support to al Qaeda before the September 11 attacks .
The victims and their families argued that because the defendants gave money to Muslim charities that in turn gave money to al Qaeda , they should be held responsible for helping to finance the attacks .
The appeals court ruled that exceptions to the sovereign immunity rule do not apply because Saudi Arabia has not been designated a state sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. State Department .
Attorneys for the victims appealed to the Supreme Court .
They said the appeals court ’s ruling dramatically limited the ability of victims to recover damages for acts of terrorism committed in the United States .
But the Obama administration late last month urged the high court to reject the appeal .
It said New York courts correctly concluded that Saudi Arabia and its officials are immune from lawsuit for governmental acts outside the United States .
The Supreme Court turned down the appeal without comment .
You might have noticed this peculiar instrument feature on a Denez Prigent performance which I linked on my last blog .
It was about about Breton music .
This instrument is no other than the hurdy - gurdy .
A lot will be said about this instrument if you click on the name link .
It dates back to the 12th century and has been associated with medieval music .
It has however become ‘ fashionable ‘ among musicians who make World Music .
A Loreena McKennit video called The Mummer ’s Dance also features the hurdy - gurdy .
Now just in case you want to know how it really sounds like as a solo instrument , then check this out .
June 5 , 2009
SocialistWorker.org invites you to join us at the Socialism 2009 conferences in Chicago on June 18 - 21 and San Francisco on July 2 - 5 .
We 'll be hosting sessions at each event -- featuring Jeremy Scahill in Chicago and John Pilger in San Francisco .
We hope all our readers will attend these meetings -- and stick around afterward to meet the SocialistWorker.org staff .
The Socialism conferences feature three days of three days of political meetings , entertainment and discussion .
There 's never been a better time for those who want to see fundamental change to have this kind of forum .
We 're looking forward to meeting our readers , too .
You 'll get a chance to hear and talk to the writers you see every day on SocialistWorker.org :
Anthony Arnove , author of Iraq : The Logic of Withdrawal and co-author , with Howard Zinn , of Voices of a People 's History of the United States Paul D'Amato , author of The Meaning of Marxism Nicole Colson , reporter for SocialistWorker.org Brian Jones , teacher , actor and activist in New York City , whose commentary is also featured on GritTV and SleptOn.com Alan Maass , editor of SocialistWorker.org and author of The Case for Socialism John Pilger , renowned investigative reporter , documentary filmmaker and author of such books as Freedom Next Time : Resisting the Empire Eric Ruder , reporter for SocialistWorker.org Jeremy Scahill , author of Blackwater : The Rise of the World 's Most Powerful Mercenary Army and the RebelReports.com
Web site .
Elizabeth Schulte , reporter for SocialistWorker.org Lance Selfa , author of The Democrats : A Critical History Sharon Smith , author of Subterranean Fire : A History of Working Class Radicalism in the United States Lee Sustar , labor editor for SocialistWorker.org Dave Zirin , author of A People 's History of Sports in the United States , Nation.com columnist and host of Edge of Sports Radio
For more details , check out the Socialism 2009 Web site .
Yes , we can organize for socialism in the 21st century !
¡ Sí se puede !
Not long ago a press release went out with the provocative title , “ Brain Works Like Google , New Study Finds . ”
More specifically , the news release claimed that the study showed that our brains choose brands from our memories using predictable unconscious rules , much like Google ranks sites using an algorithm :
“ Brand choice turns out to be a largely unconscious process , ” says Tjaco Walvis , who led the one - and - a - half - year study .
“ But in that process , the brain behaves much like Google .
It seems to use a set of rules called an algorithm to pick the brand from our memory that best and most reliably fits our functional and emotional needs at that particular moment .
It behaves rationally , but in an unconscious way … ” Based on the study , Mr. Walvis concludes that the brain ’s “ algorithm ” for brand choice has three elements .
Firstly , the brain selects the brand it has learned is best able to satisfy our biological and cultural goals .
We unconsciously select the brand that is the most uniquely rewarding , based on its associations with our goals and the brain ’s reward centers ( e.g. the dopamine system ) .
Secondly , the brain selects the brand that has shown most frequently in the past that it is able to fulfill these needs .
Coherent brands that repeat their promise are more likely to be chosen .
Volvo , Coca - Cola and Disney are examples of coherent brands .
Thirdly , the brain selects the brand it has interacted with most intensely in the past .
Brand participation creates numerous new connections in our brain , facilitating that brand ’s retrieval .
Nike Plus is an example of strong participation concept .
[ From Marketwire . ] ”
Given my dual interests of neuromarketing and search engine optimization ( SEO ) , I can hardly avoid discussing this topic .
The actual paper that the press release is based on was published by the Journal of Brand Management :
Three laws of branding : Neuroscientific foundations of effective brand building .
Tjaco Walvis is the sole author .
Walvis ’s paper is an attempt to survey a wide variety of neuroscience - based studies on branding and form some conclusions from the common themes uncovered by other researchers .
Do We Choose Brands Like Google ?
So , is the Google comparison apt ?
The concept certainly has an appealing simplicity to it .
Perhaps an even better question is whether brand selection comes down to three rules .
My take is that there IS some similarity to Google ’s process for ranking pages , but perhaps not exactly in the way suggested by the press release .
First , I think that branding is just a part of an overall purchasing decision process .
Product differences , pricing , convenience , and myriad other factors go into a buying decision .
Branding can be a huge factor , of course , particularly when the products may be fairly interchangeable .
So , back to Google : they reportedly use up to 200 variables in their ranking algorithm .
Some of that claim may be intended to make the algo seem more formidable than it actually is , but there is little doubt that the algorithm weighs a large number of factors of varying importance .
The process for combining these factors in the brain vs. on Google ’s servers may be quite different , but superficially one can say they are similar .
One difference is predictability .
At the moment , given the same set of facts , Google spits out the same results just about every time .
Our own human decision making processes are less predictable and might vary if repeated .
Interestingly , if Google starts taking behavioral data into account in delivering results , those results might become more brain - like .
For example , if Google remembers the last few sites you visited and uses that information to make your results more relevant , that might mimic the way our brain ’s process is constantly affected by newly - acquired data .
One thing about analogies : they can be beaten to death .
Before I get too far down that path , I ’ll acknowledge that there are some superficial similarities to Google ’ multi-variable algorithmic ranking process and the way our brains rapidly weigh a variety of remembered and current factors to choose a brand or arrive at a purchase decision .
You can decide how far to push the analogy …
Make love in the rain .
Miss love in the rain .
When you think you 're in love you can't think about anything else .
And everything remi ...
Shutterstock
ASIA'S tiger economies have suffered some of the sharpest declines in output during the global recession , and some fear that , because of their dependence on exports , they will not see a sustained recovery until demand rebounds in America and Europe .
However , their doughty resilience should not be underestimated .
They came roaring back unexpectedly fast after the Asian crisis of the late - 1990s .
They could surprise again .
Across the region as a whole , the slump has been as bad as it was in 1998 .
China and India have continued to grow , but in the rest of emerging Asia GDP plunged by an annualised 15 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Only three economies have published first - quarter figures .
China 's GDP growth accelerated to an annualised rate of over 6 % , up from around 1 % in the previous quarter .
South Korea 's GDP expanded by 0.2 % , after plunging 19 % in the previous three months .
But Singapore 's GDP fell by 20 % , even more than in the fourth quarter .
More timely export figures suggest that the worst may be over .
Although the headline numbers show that South Korea 's exports fell by 19 % in the year to April , they rose by a seasonally adjusted annualised rate of 53 % in the three months to April compared with the previous three months , Goldman Sachs estimates ; Taiwan 's grew by an annualised 29 % over the same period .
China 's exports over the last few months have only managed to stabilise , but its industrial production jumped by an annualised 25 % in the past three months .
Economists are revising up their forecasts for China 's GDP growth this year : 8 % may now be possible even if American consumers continue to be frugal .
There is a widely pedalled myth that China 's growth depends on American consumers .
In fact , if measured on a value - added basis ( to exclude the cost of imported components ) , China 's exports to America account for less than 5 % of its GDP .
There is more argument , however , over the smaller , more export - driven economies , such as Hong Kong , South Korea , Singapore and Taiwan .
Robert Subbaraman , an economist at Nomura , offers several reasons why they are likely to remain sluggish for the time being .
The recent rise in exports and production , he argues , largely reflects the fact that firms are no longer running down stocks .
This will provide only a temporary boost unless global demand picks up .
Firms ' spare capacity also means that investment will continue to fall , while rising unemployment threatens to dent consumer spending .
Nor is China 's stronger growth likely to save the region .
Over 60 % of China 's imports come from the rest of Asia , but about half of these are components which are assembled in China then sold to the rich world .
In its economic outlook on Asia published this month , the IMF forecast that the region excluding China and India would grow by only 1.6 % in 2010 , largely because it expects the American economy to be flat .
However , Peter Redward , of Barclays Capital , argues that Asia can recover earlier and more strongly than elsewhere .
In 2010 he reckons that the smaller Asian economies could grow by almost 4 % , or close to 7 % once faster growing China and India are added in .
One reason for his optimism is his explanation for why the Asian economies were hit harder than other parts of the world .
Asians are often blamed for saving too much and spending too little , but Mr Redward argues that the main reason for their plight was that manufacturing accounts for a much larger share of GDP than elsewhere .
Industries such as cars , electronic goods , and capital machinery are highly cyclical .
A comparison across rich and emerging economies shows that GDP fell furthest last year in countries with the largest share of manufacturing .
But this , in turn , could imply a sharp recovery .
A second reason for expecting a stronger bounce is that fiscal stimulus in Asia is bigger than in other regions .
China , Japan , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan and Malaysia have all announced fiscal packages of more than 4 % of GDP for 2009 , twice as large as America 's stimulus this year .
The pump - priming should also work better in Asia than in America or Europe , because modest corporate and household debts mean that tax cuts or cash handouts are more likely to be spent than saved .
Banks , moreover , are in much better shape and so have more freedom to support an increase in domestic spending .
As the world 's largest importer of oil and other commodities , the tiger economies have also benefited hugely from the fall in prices over the past year .
This has acted like a tax cut , boosting real incomes and profits .
Asia has enjoyed a gain from cheaper oil of almost 3 % of GDP this year .
Add in lower prices for food and raw materials and the total gain could match the governments ' stimulus ( though the danger remains of a renewed spike in oil prices ) .
Pessimists maintain that Asia has always been pulled out from previous recessions , such as the 1998 financial crisis , by strong exports to the West .
However , a recent analysis by Frederic Neumann and Robert Prior - Wandesforde , both of HSBC , finds that , contrary to received wisdom , Asia 's recovery from its 1998 slump was led not by exports , but by consumer spending .
Exports to the West did not surge until 2000 .
The region 's current - account surplus actually shrank between 1998 and 2001 .
Thanks to a large fiscal stimulus and the healthier state of private - sector balance - sheets in most economies , domestic spending ( consumption and investment ) should revive earlier in emerging Asia than elsewhere , rising by perhaps 7 % next year , up from 4 - 5 % this year .
America 's domestic demand is expected to remain weak in 2010 after falling sharply this year .
Indeed , add in Japan and total Asian domestic spending ( at market exchange rates ) looks set to overtake America 's next year .
But what of emerging Asia 's longer - term prospects ?
Much of the increase in Asian domestic demand this year and next will come from government investment .
Unlike rich countries , emerging Asia has room to keep investing in infrastructure for several years but governments need to encourage more consumption to fill the gap after the infrastructure projects are completed .
Asian households ' low rate of consumption and borrowing means that they have huge scope to spend more .
Better social safety nets might encourage Asians to save less .
Governments also need to lift households ' share of national income by reducing their bias towards capital - intensive manufacturing and encouraging more labour - intensive growth .
Looking ahead , relatively robust expansion in domestic spending should help most Asian economies to keep growing faster than the rest of the world .
But the tigers are unlikely to return to their heady growth rates of recent years — nor would that be desirable given the impact on inflation and the environment .
Suppose that net exports contribute nothing to growth , while domestic demand grows at roughly the same pace as in the past five years , then emerging Asia could see growth of almost 7 % over the next five years ( around 8 % in China , a more modest 5 % in the smaller economies ) .
That might sound like a let down for economies that enjoyed average growth of 9 % in the three years to 2007 .
But it would still be around three times as fast as in the rich economies .
Each phase included a 10 - day period during which they had to wear the underwear with the sensors around the clock , taking it off for only about 15 minutes a day to shower and get a fresh set from the researchers .
The top was either an undershirt or a sports bra made of Lycra , and the bottom was a risqué - looking pair of shorts with openings at the crotch and backside so the garment would not have to be lowered during the day , which would have disturbed the sensors .
Dr. Levine said he had designed the outfit with a colleague .
" We had to be very creative , " he said .
" And you have to test them for comfort .
I would put them on top of my suit .
Mayo has a very strict dress code .
Nothing gave me more pleasure than to wander around with this bizarre underwear over my suit . "
Dr. Eric Ravussin , an obesity researcher at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge , La. , who wrote an essay in Science about Dr. Levine 's study , said that because the tendency to sit still seemed to be biological , it might not be easy for obese people to change their ways .
" The bad news , " Dr. Ravussin said , " is that you cannot tell people , ' Why do n't you sit less and be a little more fidgety , ' because they may do it for a couple of hours but wo n't sustain it for days and weeks and months and years . "
But Dr. Rudolph Leibel , an obesity researcher at Columbia University Medical Center , said , " People can be taught and motivated to change their behavior in service of their health . "
Dr. Leibel also noted that although it was plausible that the tendency to be inactive was biologically determined , it had not been proved .
Dr. Ravussin said it might be possible to help people stay lean by making their environments less conducive to sitting , though that would take major societal changes like rebuilding neighborhoods in which people can walk to markets instead of " the remote shopping mall with 10,000 parking spots and everybody is fighting for the handicapped one . "
Im Hauptverfahren gegen die verdachtsunabhängige Vorratsspeicherung von Telekommunikations - und Internetdaten sind beim Bundesverfassungsgericht neue kritische Stellungnahmen eingegangen .
Der Mannheimer Informatikprofessor Felix Freiling warnt in seinem Gutachten ( PDF - Datei ) im Auftrag der Karlsruher Richter vor einer " nahezu lückenlosen räumlichen Überwachung " durch die sechsmonatige Protokollierung von Nutzerspuren .
Diese Möglichkeit werde durch die wachsende Verbreitung mobiler Internetzugänge etwa über das iPhone und eine Tendenz zu immer kürzeren Kommunikationsvorgängen wie bei SMS verstärkt .
Dabei würden auch dynamisch vergebene IP - Adressen immer einfacher Rückschlüsse auf den aktuellen Aufenthaltsort zulassen .
Insgesamt werde die Kontrolle des Benutzers über den Zeitpunkt und die Menge der durch ihn verursachten Verbindungs - und Standortdaten laut Freiling in Zukunft abnehmen .
Die vom Gesetz erfassten " Verkehrsdaten " , die darüber Aufschluss geben , wer mit wem wann und wie lange kommuniziert hat , würden durch Trends in der Telekommunikation " plötzlich " zu Inhaltsdaten , die eigentlich nicht gespeichert werden dürfen .
Der Informatiker hält es daher für sinnvoll , Verbindungsdaten " generell stärker als Inhaltsdaten zu bewerten " .
Diese Einschätzung würde die Ermittlungsbehörden auch darin unterstützen , " sich auf die Verfolgung von für die Gesellschaft wesentlich schädlicheren und schwereren Deliktsarten zu konzentrieren " und sich nicht zu " verzetteln " .
Die Verfassungsrichter hatten sich in ihrem Fragenkatalog ( PDF - Datei ) auch für Schutzmöglichkeiten der Verkehrsdaten interessiert , die die Provider anhäufen .
Hier stellt Freiling dar , dass die umfassenden Sammlungen " natürlich auch für Dienstleister " etwa in der Werbung interessant seien " oder für Unternehmen , die interne Korruption bekämpfen oder Kontrolle über ihre Mitarbeiter ausüben wollen " .
Schutzvorkehrungen vor einem Missbrauch der Verkehrsdaten könnten in der Praxis " immer durch die Kooperation mehrerer Innentäter ausgehebelt werden " .
Eine " Kontrolle " dieser Gefahren sei " nur mit hohem Aufwand " erreichbar .
Generell hält der Experte die Verkehrsdatenabfrage für " ein universelles , sehr breit eingesetztes Ermittlungsinstrument " .
In der Vergangenheit sei das Mittel jedoch " zu einem überwiegenden Teil in Verfahren angewendet worden , die der mittleren Kriminalität zugerechnet werden " .
Langwierige und größere Ermittlungen im Bereich der organisierten Kriminalität , des internationalen Terrorismus oder der Wirtschaftskriminalität , die eine längerfristige Speicherung von Verkehrsdaten rechtfertigen könnten , " machen nicht so viele Fälle der Rechtswirklichkeit aus " .
Problematisch für Strafverfolger seien insbesondere offene Zugangspunkte , da die Zuordnung einer Internetkommunikation an der IP - Adresse des Zugangspunkts ende und der Benutzerkreis nicht eingrenzbar sei .
Bei Voice over IP ( VoiP ) seien die zur Speicherung verpflichteten Zugangsanbieter zudem oft nicht die eigentlichen Dienstleister .
Zudem könnten Kommunikationspartner mit vorhandener Software direkt ohne Drittanbieter miteinander übers Netz telefonieren und so die Speicherauflagen umgehen .
Die Absicht des Gesetzgebers , die wesentlichen Verkehrsdaten heutiger Netzkommunikation möglichst vollständig zu erfassen , werde in Zukunft " in Bezug auf Applikationsdaten zunehmend leer laufen " .
Der Bevollmächtigte der über 34.000 Teilnehmer der " Massenbeschwerde " gegen die Vorratsdatenspeicherung , Meinhard Starostik , bezeichnet die Auflagen in einer aktuellen Gerichtseingabe als unnötig .
Die Aufklärungsquote im Bereich der Internetdelikte übertreffe die allgemeine bei weitem und sei in den letzten Jahren auch nicht rückläufig gewesen .
Die neuen Zugriffsbefugnisse würden dagegen in einer " ausufernden Praxis " für Zielwahlsuchen oder für die Identifizierung der Nutzer anhand von Verkehrsdaten genutzt .
In dem Risiko , dass einem Bürger aus dem eigenen Kommunikations - , Bewegungs - und Informationsverhalten jederzeit Nachteile erwachsen könnten , liege die eigentliche Grundrechtsverletzung durch die Vorratsdatenspeicherung begründet .
Der frühere Bundestagsvizepräsident Burkhard Hirsch , der gemeinsam mit anderen FDP - Politikern eine eigene Klage in Karlsruhe eingereicht hat , sieht derweil das Bundesverfassungsgericht auch nach der Bestätigung der formalen Grundlage der EU - Vorgaben zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung durch den Europäischen Gerichtshof ( EuGH ) zum Einschreiten veranlasst .
Die Luxemburger Richter wollten " die eigentliche gestellte Verfassungsfrage sehenden Auges nicht behandeln " , schreibt ( PDF - Datei ) der Altliberale .
Von einem gleichwertigen Grundrechtsschutz auf EU - Ebene könne keine Rede sein .
Vielmehr höhle die EU - Richtlinie das europäische Datenschutzrecht mit seinen bisherigen Grundsätzen etwa des Schutzes der Privatheit , der Anonymität oder des Gebots der Zweckbestimmung personenbezogener gespeicherter Daten vollkommen aus .
Die anlasslose Verpflichtung sei prinzipiell verfassungswidrig und könne auch nicht mit einschränkenden " Detailregelungen " hingenommen werden .
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( vbr )
Health and agricultural officials agree , pigs have much more to fear from people humans than the other way around .
Pigs , it turns out , can contract the virus from infected humans .
“ We ’re trying to minimize human traffic into our hog operation so our hogs do not get the disease from humans , which is probably a little bit of a twist from what most people have heard about , ” said Elwyn Fitzke , a pork producer in Glenvil , Neb .
“ This is a very big concern for us , ” he added .
The National Pork Board sent an advisory counseling pork producers to implement what it called “ biosecurity practices ” — not to protect visitors , but to protect pigs .
Among the recommendations : Ban or limit outside visitors , double - check facilities ’ ventilation and vaccinate all workers against seasonal flu viruses , so they do n’t get sick and potentially weaken the pigs ’ immune systems .
Let ’s keep our priorities straight .
Thanks ,
Helen
I have to admit , the first time I heard of Twitter I did n’t quite understand the purpose .
I ’m not entirely sure that I understand it now , but I do use and enjoy twitter .
I have had fun searching out and finding interesting people to follow and converse with .
Most of the GeekDads are now active on Twitter and we share comments about posts , pointers to cool resources , and converse with many readers and fellow geeks .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
I had slowly built up a “ Robots ” group in TweetDeck and Ken ’s 100 Geeks to Follow post got me thinking that I should do a similar post , but limit it to robot geeks .
Since then I ’ve expanded the list to 52 mostly interesting and not too redundant robot geeks who tweet .
I found a few people through Twitter ’s oft - broken search feature , but most of them were discovered via word of tweet , or from links on blogs I already read .
There appear to be an infinite number of spam bots , twitterbots , auto - follow robots , and other tools adding noise to the “ robot ” keyword .
Even when search was working well I ’d get 100 script - bot tweets for every real robot tweet .
So here ’s my list of 52 robot geeks .
I have included a mix of individuals , blogs , robotics teams , companies and stores .
Then to round out the list I tossed in a few things we do n’t often think of as robots : CNC machines and 3D printers .
I have also included a number of FRC teams .
FRC is an acronym for FIRST Robotics Competition and FIRST is an acronym for the Foundation for the Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology .
This list is far from complete , so please feel free to recommend more in the comments .
We at GeekDad are considering adding some directory pages that may include lists like this one .
Name Twitter ID Robot Cred AIMEC:3 AIMEC_Robot A REAL Robot being developed at the MABB ’s lab in the UK Shawn Augustson ArduinoFun Arduino robots and more , good projects for the kids .
BattleBots battlebots
Does this one really need a description ?
FRC - 1515 BHrobotics1515 Beverly Hills High School Robotics team # 1515 ( FRC ) .
BotJunkie BotJunkie
The official BotJunkie.com
Twitter feed for live event coverage and other roboty stuff Bre Pettis bre Maker of the makerbot and overall fan of robots , suspected of affiliating with @ ResistSkynet
Something I ’ve found myself needing to do more recently is open a command prompt at the root directory of my solution .
Often this is to run a rake task or something like that .
The way I used to do this was rather long winded , but now I ’ve got it down to a single key combination and I ’ll explain here how you can do the same .
Firstly , open up the external tools dialog in Visual Studio :
Then add a new tool :
This will give you a prompt to type the details of the new tool into :
Then fill in the details of the new tool .
We want to point this at cmd.exe which is usually located in your System32 directory .
You also want to set the initial directory to the solution directory :
I have then moved the tool up the list just because I like it being higher .
The position of the tool in the list only makes a difference when setting up a keyboard shortcut as I will explain in a minute :
Once you ’ve filled in all the details and moved the tool to the position you want it in just click Ok .
You will now see that the tool you just created appears in the external tools section of the tools menu :
Now we can set up a keyboard shortcut for the new tool .
Firstly , open the options dialog :
Then go to the keyboard section :
Then type in the command name “ Tools. ExternalCommandX ” where X is the number your tool appears in the list .
Mine is second so I type “ 2 ” :
Then assign a key combination to this command .
I chose Ctrl + Shift + Alt+C :
Then click ok and you will now be able to open a command prompt at the root of the current solution with your key combination .
This principle can be extended to call any program , you may have noticed I use it to call the default rake task for my solution .
Microsoft has failed to renew a key government - wide purchasing deal for Windows , opening the door to greater use of open - source software .
Talks between Microsoft and New Zealand 's State Services Commission to renew a purchase agreement for the next three years have ended without the desired agreement , as it became apparent " a formal agreement with Microsoft is no longer appropriate , " the agency said .
A government spokeswoman said the government looks for value for money , fitness for purpose , and strategic benefit in its negotiations .
" We did n't feel we got the appropriate levels of benefit from the negotiations , " she told Computerworld .
The New Zealand government has been recognized for its adoption of open source .
The collapse of the deal suggests the government feels it can now rely on its own skills and experience to a greater extent and that it has a greater choice of options from suppliers .
Under a procurement deal with Microsoft , government agencies would buy products on an opt - in basis , probably at an agreed price range in return for volume .
Negotiations between Microsoft and the government for the latest installment in this three - year agreement , which began in the year 2000 , started in late 2008 .
The government had established a committee of senior executives from the largest IT purchasers in the public sector to conduct the negotiations .
But it seems that Microsoft could not give the purchasers what they wanted either in features , roadmap , or price .
Microsoft has now agreed to provide " recommended retail price certainty " for government agencies that will conduct their own , individual negotiations with the company , while the State Services Commission said it would support agencies exploring trying to " maximize their ICT investment and achieve greater value for money " .
®
The anti-free speech feminist group “ Equality Now ” has apparently succeeded in forcing the publisher of “ rape simulator ” game RapeLay into withdrawing the game from sale , as the game has quietly disappeared completely from the publisher ’s homepage , and the pages of most retailers .
Equality Now , an anti-porn feminist group which organises its busybody members into campaigns of letter writing harassment intent on forcing officials into compliance , recently called for adult games featuring “ violence against women and girls ” to be banned ( although tellingly they cited research from an explicitly “ anti-pornography ” group , rather suggesting their real aims are somewhat broader ) , after learning of Amazon ’s recent bungling .
The game ’s publisher , Illusion , previously told the group to mind their own business as the game was solely for the Japanese market , and quite legal there .
However , after the do - nothing group ’s shrill call for a ban was published , mass media outlets hungry for Japan - bashing fare picked up the story .
Strangely , none of the reports mentioned the fact that “ violence against women ” is almost twenty times more common in the US than it is in rape simulator world leader Japan , instead choosing to uncritically repeat the tired calumny that Japan is a rigid patriarchy in which women languish as practical chattel .
This media attention seems to have tipped the balance somewhere , for at the time of writing , no mention of the game is to be found on Illusion ’s pages .
Prominent English language disclaimers remind international fans that their products are for use in Japan only .
With no statement from Illusion , and no other information , the reasoning behind the utterly craven and reprehensible abandonment of free speech is not clear .
Harder BDSM - centric titles are not a speciality of Illusion , so their other titles are mostly not along these lines .
However , they are still stocking their “ Battle Raper ” series , which involves beating female opponents into sexual submission in a 3D fighting game interspersed with sex scenes .
The demo is available here .
You can read about the specific complaints made by Equality Now in the previous article , and if you are of a mind you can contact them from their page .
This behaviour sets a disturbing precedent ; there are many more extreme titles than RapeLay available in Japan , encompassing everything from AV to ero-manga ; if publishers are willing to fold at the slightest breeze of criticism from a group which is not even Japanese , and from complaints without any legal weight whatsoever , it would appear their future is in doubt , as displays of weakness will only encourage further feminist aggression .
Somewhere amongst
Wes losing his soul and sanity at a retro arcade and Tony jamming a huge gash into his future in Hollywood , a comic was made .
This is that comic .
The great science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke famously noted the similarities between advanced technology and magic .
This summer on the big screen , the young wizard Harry Potter will once again don his magic invisibility cloak and disappear .
Meanwhile , researchers with Berkeley Lab and the University of California ( UC ) Berkeley will be studying an invisibility cloak of their own that also hides objects from view .
A team led by Xiang Zhang , a principal investigator with Berkeley Lab ’s Materials Sciences Division and director of UC Berkeley ’s Nano - scale Science and Engineering Center , has created a “ carpet cloak ” from nanostructured silicon that conceals the presence of objects placed under it from optical detection .
While the carpet itself can still be seen , the bulge of the object underneath it disappears from view .
Shining a beam of light on the bulge shows a reflection identical to that of a beam reflected from a flat surface , meaning the object itself has essentially been rendered invisible .
“ We have come up with a new solution to the problem of invisibility based on the use of dielectric ( nonconducting ) materials , ” says Zhang .
“ Our optical cloak not only suggests that true invisibility materials are within reach , it also represents a major step towards transformation optics , opening the door to manipulating light at will for the creation of powerful new microscopes and faster computers . ”
Previous work by Zhang and his group with invisibility devices involved complex metamaterials - composites of metals and dielectrics whose extraordinary optical properties arise from their unique structure rather than their composition .
They constructed one material out of an elaborate fishnet of alternating layers of silver and magnesium fluoride , and another out of silver nanowires grown inside porous aluminum oxide .
With these metallic metamaterials , Zhang and his group demonstrated that light can be bent backwards , a property unprecedented in nature .
While metallic metamaterials have been successfully used to achieve invisibility cloaking at microwave frequencies , until now cloaking at optical frequencies , a key step towards achieving actual invisibility , has not been successful because the metal elements absorb too much light .
Says Zhang , “ Even with the advances that have been made in optical metamaterials , scaling sub - wavelength metallic elements and placing them in an arbitrarily designed spatial manner remains a challenge at optical frequencies . ”
The new cloak created by Zhang and his team is made exclusively from dielectric materials , which are often transparent at optical frequencies .
The cloak was demonstrated in a rectangular slab of silicon ( 250 nanometers thick ) that serves as an optical waveguide in which light is confined in the vertical dimension but free to propagate in the other two dimensions .
A carefully designed pattern of holes - each 110 nanometers in diameter - perforates the silicon , transforming the slab into a metamaterial that forces light to bend like water flowing around a rock .
In the experiments reported in Nature Materials , the cloak was used to cover an area that measured about 3.8 microns by 400 nanometers .
It demonstrated invisibility at variable angles of light incident .
Right now the cloak operates for light between 1,400 and 1,800 nanometers in wavelength , which is the near - infrared portion of the electromagnetic spectrum , just slightly longer than light that can be seen with the human eye .
However , because of its all dielectric composition and design , Zhang says the cloak is relatively easy to fabricate and should be upwardly scalable .
He is also optimistic that with more precise fabrication this all dielectric approach to cloaking should yield a material that operates for visible light - in other words , true invisibility to the naked eye .
“ In this experiment , we have demonstrated a proof of concept for optical cloaking that works well in two dimensions ” says Zhang .
“ Our next goal is to realize a cloak for all three dimensions , extending the transformation optics into potential applications . ”
This research was funded in part by the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Office of Science through its Basic Energy Sciences program and by the U.S. Army Research Office .
Zhang and his team have published a paper on this research in the journal Nature Materials .
Co-authoring the paper with Zhang were Jason Valentine , Jensen Li , Thomas Zentgraf and Guy Bartal , all members of Zhang ’s research group .
Zero accountability for out of bounds politicians
He was , as it happened , wrong about solving the problems of the thrifts .
On the contrary , the bill turned the modest - sized troubles of savings - and - loan institutions into an utter catastrophe .
But he was right about the legislation ’s significance .
And as for that jackpot -- well , it finally came more than 25 years later , in the form of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
For the more one looks into the origins of the current disaster , the clearer it becomes that the key wrong turn -- the turn that made crisis inevitable -- took place in the early 1980s , during the Reagan years .
Attacks on Reaganomics usually focus on rising inequality and fiscal irresponsibility .
Indeed , Reagan ushered in an era in which a small minority grew vastly rich , while working families saw only meager gains .
He also broke with longstanding rules of fiscal prudence ... [ and ] the increase in public debt was , however , dwarfed by the rise in private debt , made possible by financial deregulation .
The change in America ’s financial rules was Reagan ’s biggest legacy .
And it ’s the gift that keeps on taking .
The immediate effect of Garn - St. Germain , as I said , was to turn the thrifts from a problem into a catastrophe .
The S.& L. crisis has been written out of the Reagan hagiography , but the fact is that deregulation in effect gave the industry -- whose deposits were federally insured -- a license to gamble with taxpayers ’ money , at best , or simply to loot it , at worst .
By the time the government closed the books on the affair , taxpayers had lost $ 130 billion , back when that was a lot of money .
But there was also a longer - term effect .
Reagan - era legislative changes essentially ended New Deal restrictions on mortgage lending -- restrictions that , in particular , limited the ability of families to buy homes without putting a significant amount of money down .
The Republican ideological mania for mindless deregulation -- supported by more than a few corporatist Democrats -- is generally blamed , along with clueless Bush Regime mismanagement and unprecedented corruption , for the financial collapse that led the economy down the toilet .
In his newest column , Reagan Did It , Paul Krugman does some forensic journalism and comes up with an exact time , place and culprit when everything began to go wrong .
On October 15 , 1982 Ronald Reagan signed H.R. 6267 , the Garn - St. Germain Depository Institutions Act ( also known as the Net Worth Guarantee Act ) .
Jake Garn was a very conservative Republican senator from Utah , and Fernand St. Germain was a very corrupt Rhode Island Democrat ( who , as Chairman of the House Banking Committee , was majorly on the take from the S&L industry ) .
Their bill sounded innocuous enough ; it was meant to " revitalize the housing industry by strengthening the financial stability of home mortgage lending institutions and ensuring the availability of home mortgage loans . "
St. Germain was determined to remove all caps on what S&L 's could charge in interest , and it was Reagan who fell in love with the concept of 100 % financing ( no down payments ) and allowed real estate developers to buy their own S&Ls from whom they could borrow .
Reagan called H.R. 6267 " the most important legislation for financial institutions in the last 50 years .
It provides a long - term solution for troubled thrift institutions .
...
All in all , I think we hit the jackpot .
” Of the original 28 co-sponsors in the House , only two are still in Congress , each with immensely more power and each continuing to tilt towards the banksters who have been so very , very generous to their careers .
One is Steny Hoyer , the Democratic Majority Leader who works closely with the GOP to keep progressive financial legislation in check .
To his career the financial , insurance and real estate sector have directly " contributed " over $ 3 million dollars .
The other co-sponsor is the now - Senator from Wall Street , Chuck Schumer who has sucked up more than four times that ( $ 12,909,246 ) .
Aside from direct " donations , " the FIRE sector has helped each man build his power base in the Congress by financing Democratic candidates they prefer and cutting off funds to candidates they oppose .
( Would it surprise you to know that each prefers conservative Democrats and staunchly opposes progressives ? )
So it was really a combination of ideological Republicans hell - bent to wreck the New Deal reforms that were meant to protect consumers from financial predators and corrupt Democrats ( and Republicans ) , like Schumer and Hoyer , who were eager to sell out to the institutional predators instead of protecting their constituents .
Krugman concludes -- without mentioning the role of corruption and Democrats -- that responsibility should also be put on the shoulders of ordinary American consumers who bought into the societal allure of spending more than you make .
" We were n’t always , " he writes , " a nation of big debts and low savings : in the 1970s Americans saved almost 10 percent of their income , slightly more than in the 1960s .
It was only after the Reagan deregulation that thrift gradually disappeared from the American way of life , culminating in the near - zero savings rate that prevailed on the eve of the great crisis .
Household debt was only 60 percent of income when Reagan took office , about the same as it was during the Kennedy administration .
By 2007 it was up to 119 percent . "
Greenspan said this was all hunky - dory because of the ever increasing -- uh oh -- value of stock portfolios and homes .
And " what goes up must come down ? "
It seems that the immutable law of physics no longer applied -- not when so much money was there to be scooped up by our political and business elites .
Krugman puts the blame squarely on the shoulders of " Reagan and his circle of advisers -- men who forgot the lessons of America ’s last great financial crisis , and condemned the rest of us to repeat it , " and they deserve plenty of it .
But he turns a blind eye on the politicians on both sides of the aisle who could n't wait to get their share , even if it meant condemning their constituents to the tender mercies of powerful -- and essentially unregulated -- corporate criminals .
Labels : B - 52's , banksters , federal regulatory agencies , Paul Krugman , Ronald Reagan
Mercedes - Benz / Tesla press conference – Click above for ABG 's liveblog coverage
The deal will also give Tesla access to the automotive lithium ion cells being produced by Daimler 's investment in Li-Tec , a joint venture between Evonik and Daimler .
Weber announced that Daimler would commence series production of electric Smarts in 2012 , with volume projections in the five digits .
Daimler 's Prof. Herbert Kohler ( who is in charge of e-drive systems at the German automaker ) will take up a board seat at Tesla and oversee development at the California company .
[ Source : Daimler ]
During a press conference held at the Mercedes - Benz Museum in Stuttgart this morning , Dr. Thomas Weber , the head of research and development for Mercedes - Benz , announced that Daimler is buying a 10 % stake in Tesla Motors Tesla CEO Elon Musk was also on hand for the announcement .
The companies did not specify the amount paid by Daimler , other than it was in the double digit millions .
Daimler will be providing Tesla with engineering support and possibly parts that may go into the Model S .
Tesla , meanwhile , will continue providing battery packs for the second - generation Smart ED starting later this year .
Tesla will also focus on battery pack integration and battery management systems for Daimler going forward .
The deal will also give Tesla access to the automotive lithium ion cells being produced by Daimler 's investment in Li-Tec , a joint venture between Evonik and Daimler .
Weber announced that Daimler would commence series production of electric Smarts in 2012 , with volume projections in the five digits .
Daimler 's Prof. Herbert Kohler ( who is in charge of e-drive systems at the German automaker ) will take up a board seat at Tesla and oversee development at the California company .
We live blogged the conference at AutoblogGreen this morning and the official press release is after the jump .
[ Source : Daimler ]
PRESS RELEASE :
Strategic partnership : Daimler acquires stake in Tesla
• German automaker acquires nearly 10 percent of one of the leading
electric vehicle companies
• Automakers agreed to cooperate in battery systems , electric drive
systems and vehicle projects
May 19 , 2009
STUTTGART , Germany , and SAN CARLOS , Calif . – Daimler AG has
acquired an equity stake of nearly 10 percent of Tesla Motors Inc .
This
investment deepens the relationship between the inventor of the
automobile and the newest member of the global auto industry .
Tesla is
the only production automaker selling a highway capable electric vehicle in
North America and Europe .
The two companies have already been working closely to integrate Tesla's
lithium -ion battery packs and charging electronics into the first 1,000 units
of Daimler 's electric smart car .
In order to benefit from each other 's know -
how , the investment enables the partners to collaborate even more closely
on the development of battery systems , electric drive systems and in
individual vehicle projects .
" Our strategic partnership is an important step to accelerate the
commercialization of electric drives globally , " said Dr. Thomas Weber ,
Member of the Board of Daimler AG , responsible for Group Research and
Mercedes - Benz Cars Development .
" As a young and dynamic company ,
Tesla stands for visionary power and pioneering spirit .
Together with
Daimler 's 120 years of experience in the automotive sector this
collaboration is a unique combination of two companies ' strengths .
This
marks another important milestone in Daimler 's strategy for sustainable
mobility . "
" Daimler has set the benchmark for engineering excellence and vehicle
quality for more than a century .
It is an honor and a powerful endorsement
of our technology that Daimler would choose to invest in and partner with
Tesla , " said Tesla Chairman , CEO and Product Architect Elon Musk .
" Daimler is also on the leading edge in the field of sustainable mobility .
Among others the lithium - ion pouch - cell battery developed by Daimler and
especially designed for automotive applications is of interest to us .
We are
looking forward to a strategic cooperation in a number of areas including
leveraging Daimler 's engineering , production and supply chain expertise .
This will accelerate bringing our Tesla Model S to production and ensure
that it is a superlative vehicle on all levels . "
Together on the road to electro- mobility
As part of the collaboration , Prof. Herbert Kohler , Vice President E- Drive
and Future Mobility at Daimler AG , will take a seat on Tesla 's board of
directors .
This long - term partnership with Tesla complements Daimler 's multi -
facetted strategy to advance the electrification of the automobile .
Daimler is also moving forward the industrialization of lithium -ion
technology .
In March , the company founded the Deutsche Accumotive
GmbH , a joint venture with Evonik Industries AG .
As a result , Daimler is
the first vehicle manufacturer worldwide that develops , produces and
markets batteries for automotive applications .
This is based on a Daimler
stockholding in Li-Tec , the German specialist for lithium - ion battery cells .
100 smart electric cars have already been undergoing large - scale trials in
London since 2007 .
These electric vehicles are being tested in day - to - day
assignments by fleet operators and private customers .
Later this year the smart assembly plant in Hambach , France , will start
production of up to 1,000 units of the second - generation smart fortwo with
electric drive , which will initially be used for mobility projects such as e-
mobility Berlin or e-mobility Italy .
This year Daimler is also starting small -
series production of the Mercedes - Benz B - Class with a fuel cell drive
system .
In 2010 the company will introduce its first battery - powered
Mercedes - Benz .
As of 2012 , Daimler plans to equip all smart and
Mercedes - Benz electric vehicles with own produced lithium - ion batteries .
In 2004 , Tesla began development of its first electric vehicle , the Roadster ,
which remains the only highway capable EV for sale in North America or
Europe .
The Tesla Roadster is the first production battery electric vehicle
to travel more than 200 miles per charge and the first US - and EU - certified
lithium - ion battery electric vehicle .
This green supercar accelerates from 0
to 60 mph in 3.9 seconds yet gets the equivalent of 256 miles per gallon .
The Roadster , which travels an estimated 244 miles per charge with zero
tailpipe emissions , is the first production vehicle to break the historical
compromise between automobile performance and efficiency .
The Tesla Model S builds upon the success of the Tesla Roadster by
leveraging its technology into the world 's first fully electric sedan .
Based in
Silicon Valley , Tesla unveiled the Model S in March and plans to produce it
in California starting in late 2011 .
About Daimler
Stuttgart , Germany - based Daimler AG , with its businesses Mercedes - Benz Cars , Daimler Trucks ,
Daimler Financial Services , Mercedes - Benz Vans and Daimler Buses , is a globally leading
producer of premium passenger cars and is the global market leader for heavy - and medium - duty
trucks and buses .
The Daimler Financial Services division has a broad offering of financial
services , including vehicle financing , leasing , insurance and fleet management .
Daimler sells its
products in nearly every country and has production facilities on five continents .
Founders ,
Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz , continued to make automotive history following their invention of
the automobile in 1886 .
As an automotive pioneer , Daimler and its employees willingly accept an
obligation to act responsibly towards society and the environment and to shape the future of safe
and sustainable mobility with groundbreaking technologies and high - quality products .
The current
brand portfolio includes the world 's most valuable automobile brand , Mercedes - Benz , as well as
smart , AMG , Maybach , Freightliner , Western Star , Mitsubishi Fuso , Setra , Orion and Thomas
Built Buses .
The company is listed on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt , New York and Stuttgart
( stock exchange abbreviation DAI ) .
In 2008 , the Group sold 2.1 million vehicles and employed a
workforce of over 270,000 people ; revenue totaled € 95.9 billion and EBIT amounted to € 2.7
billion .
Daimler is an automotive Group with a commitment to excellence , and aims to achieve
sustainable growth and industry - leading profitability .
About Tesla Motors
San Carlos , Calif . - based Tesla Motors Inc. makes electric vehicles with exceptional design ,
performance and efficiency , while conforming to all North American and European safety ,
environmental and durability standards .
The Roadster has a 0 to 60 mph acceleration of 3.9
seconds yet is more energy efficient than a Toyota Prius .
Tesla expects to begin producing the
all - electric , zero-emission Model S sedan in late 2011 .
David Puente
AC360° Producer
You can probably picture the scene .
Well , sort of ...
Parents gather in a suburban living room , eating cookies , having coffee and discussing how quickly their children outgrow their new clothes .
Meanwhile , in the play room , the kids lay on mats and cushions , tired from an intense hide - and - seek and tag session .
But then , the parents encourage the children to share ice cream spoons , whistles , soda cups even bubble gum .
Does that sound strange ?
Maybe .
But this is exactly what happened at chicken pox parties that some of us grew up with .
And the point is to have the boy with the red dots on his face infect all of the small children in the room .
Usually parents who want their healthy children to get chickenpox believe it will help them build immunity against more virulent strains .
Others oppose vaccination .
Now there 's a buzz on the Internet about “ swine flu parties , ” and it has medical experts across the country up in arms as the H1N1 virus continues to spread across the U.S.
In fact the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , ( CDC ) , says it “ expects that more cases , more hospitalizations and more deaths from this outbreak will occur over the coming days and weeks ” .
The latest numbers in the US according to the CDC :
There are 43 states reporting cases , in total there are 1,639 cases and two deaths .
The “ swine flu party ” chatter on flu web sites and public health blogs like Effectmeasure and flutrackers.com has even gotten the attention of a top US health official .
Having a “ swine flu party ” is " a big mistake , " said Richard Besser , the acting head of the CDC .
" This is a new , emerging infection , and we 're learning more about it each day , " he said .
" How an individual person will be impacted by the infection is not something that we know . "
" It 's a big mistake putting individuals and children at risk , and the CDC does not recommend that people follow that course , " he said .
US health officials fear that the unpredictable and potentially deadly A( H1N1 ) flu virus could mutate and appear as a more virulent , drug - resistant strain later in the year .
In Fact the virus is spreading throughout the US , Central and South America .
In Guatemala there are three cases , one in Panama , two in Costa Rica and two in El Salvador .
As winter and the flu season approach in South America , the continent is on high alert for swine flu or A( H1N1 ) .
In Colombia , the South American country closest to Mexico , authorities scrambled to stockpile antiviral medication and told schools to send home children who show up sick .
So far , one case has been confirmed in the country of over 45 million , and dozens are under observation .
Colombia has become the first South American country to confirm a case of swine flu but not the only one , just hours ago four were confirmed in Brazil and one in Argentina .
Meanwhile signs that things may be improving in Mexico , this weekend , Mexican soccer federation will allow fans to attend professional soccer games again .
What You Can Do to Stay Healthy
How to take photos like the one you are seeing here .
It ’s a glass of Champaign , being shot with a BB gun .
You can use this technique to take picture of exploding things like tomatoes , watter balloons , watermelons , or even you Canon camera as you smash it against a wall for not understanding the menus ( Sorry , could not resist … )
Freezing fast motion ( AKA High Speed Photography ) , can give some pretty special photographic effects .
High Speed Photography is used in physics , health research , sports and more .
This guide describes how to capture super fast movements using ordinary camera gear and a little home made electronics .
I will describes the setup I used the problems I encountered and what I did to solve or work around them .
Here is a nice example of High Speed Photography :
Capturing a balloon just as it punctures
Nuking an apple
Capturing such images introduces a lot of challenges .
How does one handle timing with exposures times
faster than 1/6000 second !?
We have to handle shutter lag , synchronize the flash and time the exposure to just the right moment .
But the shutter lag of any normal camera is so long that it will be all most impossible to time the exposures .
And how do you synchronize the flash with an exposure time of less than 1/6000 second ?
To work around the problems with shutter lag and flash synchronization , the exposure is done in a completely dark room .
This way the shutter can opened without actually getting an exposure .
The exposure time set on the camera just has to be long enough for the action to happen while the shutter is still open .
Because the room is dark , the long exposure time will not have any effect on the final output ( this is because no light enters the lens to hit the sensor / film )
To actually get an “ exposure ” , a flash is fired .
The flash light duration will now become the actual
exposure time .
SO now we need to see how long does it takes the flash to fire .
It turns out that the output power of the flash , actually affects the duration of the light , so to get exposure times .
If you need exposure faster than 1/6000 seconds , the output needs to be reduced .
For more information on the light duration please see the test I ran on my Sigma EF - 500 flash .
Now we only need to synchronize the flash with the action we want to capture .
This can be done in several ways .
For example synchronizing with a balloon puncture , can be done via sound .
Impact - actions , like a BB Soft air gun pellets , can be triggered with a mechanical switch , like in the picture below .
When the pellet hits the cd-cover it ’s pushed on to the switch , which then triggers the flash .
Here is my High Speed Photography setup and work flow ( Balloon Shot ) .
The Gear :
Balloon ( OK – we are going to nuke this one , so do n’t use your favorite )
Digicam
Tripod
Sigma Flash
Home made sound trigger ( more info ) .
If you do not have an optical slave you can use the Universal Sound Slave Circuit
Needle ( or BB - gun , see below )
Backdrop ( I use a black Bristol sheet )
The Setup
First step is to set - up the scene .
The black Bristol sheet is used as backdrop .
The balloon , flash , microphone
and camera are placed like in to image below
Gear settings :
Flash : optical slave and 1/16 output power .
Camera : Exposure time : 1 - 2 sec. ISO 100 - 200 Aperture F 11 - 16 manual focus .
Microphone :
The distance between the balloon and microphone , is used for synchronization .
50 - 70 cm is good for balloon punctures :-)
Next step is framing and focusing :
While trying to stay within the best performance on the lens , I either zoom or move the tripod , until I have the desired framing .
Focus can be obtained either automatic or manual , but do remember to switch to manual to lock focus , otherwise the camera will try to focus when the lights are switched off .
Now it ’s time to test the setup and lightning .
All lights are switched off and the shutter is set to bulb .
To fire the flash I just clap my hands .
Then I review the image on the camera , checking for exposure , framing , focus and DOF .
To get the correct amount of light / exposure , one can Increase or decrease :
– the strobe distance to the balloon
– the output power of the flash
– the aperture on the camera
– ISO sensitivity on the camera
Taking the shot ( pan intended :) )
The test is repeated until satisfactory result have been reached , and the real photo can be taken .
This is done the same way as when testing , but instead of clapping , the balloon is punctured with a needle .
One could also just fill the balloon with water and shoot it with a BB Soft air gun :-)
This article was contributed by Karsten Stroemvig ( aka Lullaby ) , see his other great high speed photograph projects
Trivia
Fred and Wilma were originally supposed to be parents to a son named " Fred Flintstone Junior . "
This later changed to a daughter , " Wilma Flintstone Junior , " and finally to their daughter being named Pebbles .
Her name comes from Wilma 's maiden name of Pebble .
( Pebble + S = Pebbles ) .
The S was added to Wilma Pebble 's earlier days , as a damsel .
Their son to - be did however appear in an early press release book , and in a Little Golden Book , " The Flintstones . "
However , this was changed from the cast before the series went into production .
A big reason for having a daughter , instead of a son , had to do with merchandising .
Girl dolls , for example Barbie , supposedly sell far better than boy dolls , for example G.I. Joe .
Some list an approximate 60 to 1 ratio better .
See more
Unfortunately I am not much of a ‘ car guy ’ in the real world .
I ca n’t do any real repair work , I do n’t spend Sunday ’s watching NASCAR , and I really did n’t find all the subtle nuances in the Disney / Pixar CARS movie .
However , what I do know and like are cars from great TV shows since television was and is such a huge part of my life , childhood and otherwise .
As a kid , when a cool car was featured prominently on a show , I would actively seek out the toy , which , even then , was n’t always easy since company ’s did n’t readily exploit a show ’s characters as much as they do today .
Many of these cars are classics just for their aesthetic value and only seen for quick moments , yet just as iconic as those seen throughout the show .
Now since there are two major sections of regular TV : live action and animated , it did n’t seem fair for me to find only ten and have to combine the two genre’s .
So , what I did do was find ten from each , both real and cartoon , and hopefully that ’ll satiate any irritated appetite .
The Munster Coach looked like a cross between a hot rod , a hearse , and a old horse - drawn coach from Transylvanian Vampire flicks .
It was n’t seen very often in the show save for the closing credits , but I ’d bet that everyone knows this vehicle along with its cousin , the Drag - U - La .
Ask Jay Ward , mastermind behind Rocky and Bullwinkle , to create a few animated vignettes to drop between his episodes of George of the Jungle , and you get Tom Slick .
A regular , All - American car - lovin ’ Joe , Tom would compete in regular races with his trusty car , the Thunderbolt Grease Slapper .
No nickname , yet , and still on the climb as one of TV ’s coolest cars , the jet - black ’ 73 Dodge Charger driven by Michael and Sam in the series , Burn Notice , is such a damn slick car .
It ’s been shot at and dinged up and subsequently patched back to life , but it makes an appearance in nearly every episode .
The Eighties were lousy with cartoons based on video games .
In fact , very few went without the translation , even the racing game Pole Position did n’t get off Scott free .
The toon ran smack in the middle of the craze from ’ 84 - ’86 and featured the Darret family and their racing children , Dan , Tess , and Daisy .
Great intro .
Former Superior Court judge , Milt Hardcastle and his criminal partner , Mark McCormick go all vigilante as they attempt to clean out the judge ’s files by catching and arresting losers .
Good premise , but honestly , who remembers this show aside from the classic Coyote concept car .
Kick ass .
Yet another cartoon based on the exploits of characters from a movie , Ghostbusters was actually one of the few that turned out to be really well done .
It featured all the regulars : Venkman , Stantz , Spengler , and Zeddemore , and even the iconic ghost who became more than the center of attention , Slimer .
But , playing a sizable roll itself was the converted ambulance , ECTO 1 .
OK , fine : not exactly a car , but close enough .
The old , re-painted tour bus , driven by Reuben Kincaid ( the band ’s manager ) or mom , took the band all over the place to their next venues .
Oh , and sure , family stuff and life lessons and whatnot happened too , much akin to the Brady Bunch , but it was the bus that lives on in infamy .
Too numerous to list in the title , here are the names of the autos in the great race : Dick Dastardly and Muttley in the Mean Machine 00 , The Slag Brothers in the Bouldermobile 1 , The Gruesome Twosome in the Creepy Coupe 2 , Professor Pat Pending in the Convert - a - Car 3 , Red Max in the Crimson Haybailer 4 , Penelope Pitstop in the Compact Pussycat 5 , Sergeant Blast and Private Meekly in the Army Surplus Special 6 , The Ant Hill Mob in the Bulletproof Bomb 7 , Lazy Luke and Blubber Bear in the Arkansas Chuggabug 8 , Peter Perfect in the Turbo Terrific 9 , and Rufus Ruffcut and Sawtooth in the Buzz Wagon 10 .
Such a great show featuring the animation of Hannah Barbera and their relentless racers .
Two SoCal street - wise detectives , David Starsky and Ken Hutchinson prowled the streets looking for crime in their classic 2 - Door Ford Grand Torino .
The show had its moments , especially Huggy Bear , but it was the car that sealed them in TV history .
What would the bumbling , highly inept Inspector Gadget be without his slew of springs , copter blades , and extensive limbs that shot out of his robotic body at often inopportune moments ?
Well , just about as bad at his job , actually , since it was Penny and Brain who generally solved most crimes .
They all did , fortunately , get around in a gadget - laden police car .
Perhaps the most iconic vehicle in the whole of comic book history has to be the Bat Mobile .
Bruce Wayne is the billionaire vigilante dressed as a flying mammal , but when he ’s not swinging through Gotham , he ’s driving the car .
I prefer the original from the Sixties TV series , not so much any of the others , but that ’s just me .
Despite the fact that little or nothing of modern life ’s conveniences were invented back in the stone age , the Flintstones still managed to have electric razors ( with bees ) , garbage disposals ( a pig ) , and , of course , a family car .
Of course this car , or any of them for that matter , was sans motor so each had to be ‘ ran ’ on foot power .
Fred was the patriarch , so he drove and it was his feet that did all the work .
“ Let ’s ride , with the family down the street , through the courtesy of Fred ’s two feet . ”
Running from 1980 to ’ 88 , Magnum P.I. followed the exploits of the investigative prowess of Thomas Sullivan Magnum on the Hawaiian island of Oahu .
The show featured awesome scenery , kick ass floral silk shirts , and a shit - load of mustache .
But the coolest part of the show had to be the red Ferrari .
I loved this single - season cartoon , but not even I can make it sound as patently ridiculous as this Wiki entry : “ The series is about a teenager named Brett Matthews , who swerves off a road during a thunderstorm and crashes into a secret government laboratory .
There , he and his red sports car are accidentally exposed to a molecular beam invented by a scientist named Dr. Chase .
Man and machine become fused together and as a result , Brett gains the ability to morph into the car when exposed to extreme heat and revert back into his human form when exposed to extreme cold ”
That ’s about the size of it .
I defy you not to create a hit when sticking The Hoff as one Michael Knight into a sentient , talking Pontiac TransAm called ‘ Knight Industries Two Thousand ’ , or K.I.T.T. Seriously , just try .
This show was damn cool and seemed a bit like a televised Spy Hunter , and that was a cool premise .
Too bad the most recent reencarnation sucked .
How can anyone ever take David Hasslehoff seriously ?
Speed Buggy followed the adventures of an anthropomorphic , fiberglass Dune Buggy , Speed Buggy , his driver Tinker , and Tinker ’s friends , Mark and Debbie .
Mel Blanc provided the ‘ voice ’ of Buggy , so much as it was , since he pretty much just sputtered and occasionally spouted a word or two .
Quite similar in structure to Scooby Doo , Speed Buggy can still be seen on the Boomerang network .
Yes .
I know .
Vans are technically not ‘ cars ’ .
Let ’s just suspend disbelief for a second since this van is just about the coolest van of all time .
If you do n’t know the A - Team or their black van , well , you ’ve obviously never seen a TV .
There ’s an awful lot going on behind the plot scenes of the Speed Racer cartoon which was , sort of , touched on in the Wachowski Brothers flop film .
Basically , Speed Racer is a driver of the mystical and quite advanced Mach 5 and he races everyone , anytime , anywhere .
His nemesis is Racer X with his equally cool ‘ No. 9 Shooting Star ’ .
Take some deep - south , back - woods cousins , Bo and Luke , give them an awesome , super hot female cousin , Daisy , have them always be on the run from cops named Cleetus and Roscoe , and give them a kick ass ’ 69 Dodge Charger named the General Lee with a big ass 01 on the side and you , my friend , have a bone fide hit on your hands .
Oh , and this was a cartoon , too .
What ?
I have a van on a car list as the number one vehicle ?
Well that ’s just crazy talk ?
What the hell is wrong with me ?
Shut it .
This van is easily one of Televisions most famous and well known vehicles from quite possibly one of Televisions most beloved cartoons .
The gang inside the van , well , we all know Fred , Shaggy , Velma , Daphne , and the big lovable Great Dane , Scooby Doo .
Though Fred did most of the driving , did you know it was actually supplied by Daphne ’s family ?
Yeah , well now ya do .
In preparation for the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre on Thursday , China has blocked access to Twitter , Hotmail , Flickr , MSN Spaces and several other web services , reports the Times Online .
The Internet crackdown , which began at 5 pm local time on Tuesday , is part of a larger effort to minimize possible avenues of dissent before Thursday .
Authorities also put a number of government critics under house arrest and censored both local and foreign media reports on the anniversary .
In 1989 , tens of thousands of students and intellectuals gathered in Tiananmen Square to protest against authoritarian rule and to call for economic and democratic reform .
On June 4 , government tanks entered the square and cleared it of protesters , resulting in somewhere between 300 and 3000 deaths .
The Communist Party has refused to apologize for the incident .
It is a well - known fact that it is much easier to measure a physical quantity than to correctly assess the magnitude of the uncertainty on the measurement :
A trivial demonstration of the above fact is the following .
Consider you are measuring the mass of the top quark ( why , I know you do it at least once a week , just to keep mentally fit ) .
You could say you have no idea whatsoever of what the top mass is , but you are capable of guessing , and your best guess is that the top mass is twice the mass of the W boson : after all , you have read somewhere that the top quark decays into a W boson plus other stuff , so a good first - order estimate is 2x80.4 = 160.8 GeV .
With your guess , you would have gotten quite close to the real value - which the PDG tells us is 173.1 GeV , give or take 1.5 GeV - by sheer luck .
But since a measurement is not complete without a determination of its uncertainty , you are now in a bind .
What is the uncertainty on your estimate ?
Of course you could guesstimate that too , for instance +- 80.4 GeV - after all , the top mass could be three times the W mass , but not less than the W mass itself : so 2 + - 1 W masses sounds right .
Now , from a scientific standpoint , the central value of your " measurement " might well be legitimate ( although nit - pickers would call it an indirect one ) , but the uncertainty is much less so .
That is because the uncertainty is more important than the central value itself : we rely on the former to know how much we can trust the latter .
The point is that even a guessed measurement is valuable , if its uncertainty is correctly assessed - that is , if the uncertainty reflects the possible range of values that our measurement could have taken ( and their relative probability ) , had we redone it , or done it with a different instrument .
My bottom - line is that guessing the uncertainty is more scientifically reproachable than guessing the central value .
With the above argument I may or I may not have convinced the seven of you who were not sleeping .
Not to worry : to make my point stronger on how the assessment of systematic uncertainties is crucial in scientific measurements , in this article I am going to reverse engineer the top quark mass measurements that the CDF and DZERO collaborations have produced since 1994 .
We have the luxury of being able to look back to 15 years of determinations of the top quark mass : more than 30 independent or partly - dependent results have been produced on it .
They are summarized in the top quark section of the Review of Particle Properties , the bible of particle physicists , a thick book which contains everything that has been measured on subatomic particles .
With so many measurements , performed in part at a time when the real value of the top quark was not so well known as now , and with the knowledge of the true top mass ( the value is known to within a +- 1.5 GeV interval , thanks to careful average of the most precise new numbers published by the Tevatron experiments ) we can assess whether the published systematic uncertainties attached by CDF and by DZERO to their top mass determinations were probably underestimated , overestimated , or roughly ok .
How can we do that ?
Simple .
First of all , let us take from the PDG the results by CDF and DZERO which havebeen used to compute the current World average .
Here they are :
In the above list appear combinations and other revue numbers .
We need to take those off , since they are strongly correlated with other numbers in the list .
A total of 11 CDF measurements and 6 DZERO measurements remain .
That is our base of data .
What do we do with those numbers ?
Consider the second one , which reads : the first quoted uncertainty is statistical , and comes from the fitting method and the size of the dataset ; it is usually correct , and not really hard to determine .
The second one , instead , is systematic , and it is the one which the experiments had to fight hard to assess , thinking of all the possible sources of error and bias .
Now , from the World average we know that the real top mass is 173.1 GeV with a 1.5 GeV uncertainty : so we pick at random a " " mass value from a Gaussian function of average 173.1 GeV and width 1.5 GeV , and similarly pick at random a " " mass value from another Gaussian function of average 177.1 GeV and width of 4.9 GeV .
We thus leave out the systematic uncertainty part , which we want to study .
We then proceed and compare the two numbers : say we got a true value of 172.5 GeV , and a measured one of 178.5 GeV .
We can divide the difference , 6.0 GeV , by the total uncertainty , which includes the systematic term , and equals : we get a " normalized deviation " of +0.86 sigma .
This means that in the considered case the " measurement " was in good agreement with the true value , if uncertainties are properly accounted for .
One single run of the above exercise says next to nothing about the uncertainties .
However , if we do the same thing many times , for all the measurements that the CDF or the DZERO experiments produced of the top quark mass , we get a long collection of " normalized deviations " , which assume some meaning .
In fact , if the systematic uncertainties of those measurements were assessed correctly , one would expect that the resulting distribution of deviations would be a perfect Gaussian , with a width of 1.0 .
Instead , in the case when one experiment tended to under - estimate its systematic uncertainties , one would find a distribution with a width larger than 1.0 ; in the opposite case , of an over - conservative experiment , the resulting distribution would be narrower than the standard Gaussian .
Before going to the results , let me mention that this exercise is not too deep , and has several shortcomings .
That is , I need to clarify here that all I am doing is to compare a bunch of results with the world average , and I do not claim that the very simple - minded procedure I have put together is too meaningful .
I would be able to fill a few pages of text by listing the caveats ( correlated systematics among different measurements , assumption of Gaussianicity , etcetera , etcetera , etcetera ... , etcetera ) ; however , the good thing about a blog is that one can be a bit more relaxed about what one publishes there .
So here we go .
We first consider the DZERO experiment .
We have only six top mass results with which to play , but by the toy Monte Carlo approach I have outlined above , we still get a rather smooth distribution of " pseudo - deviations " .
As you can see , the average is centred more or less well at zero : this is not too meaningful by itself - the six measurements will in general have an average that is above or below the world average mass of the top quark , and this will indeed reflect in the average of the distribution you are looking at .
More interesting is to check the RMS , which is printed on the top right corner .
We get a result of 1.136 : larger than one .
This means that on average , the six DZERO results underestimated a bit their systematical uncertainties .
Not by too much , but significantly so : if we assume that statistics and systematic errors are contributing equally to the width , the systematics are underestimated by 26 % to get the result above .
But do not forget the caveats I discussed previously ... Next , let us look at the CDF distribution : here , we get a slightly larger offset - 0.33 standard deviations away from the World average ; just a result of the way the 11 results used for this exercise were selected .
Instead , the RMS of CDF is better : it is 1.064 , definitely closer to 1.0 .
CDF , as DZERO , underestimates its systematic uncertainties on the top mass , but about half as much as DZERO .
Ok , the exercise above is a bit too hand waving to be really meaningful .
All I meant to do with it today is to make a point about the fact that the scientific integrity of experiments does one day appear , to those who have eyes to see .
From the a posteriori perspective , many things can be said of past measurements .
In fact , the PDG already does something similar to what I have offered here today in its pages : a comparison of the measured value of several physical quantities is shown as a function of time , to highlight the biasing effect that the knowledge of past results has in the publication of new ones .
Take the example shown in the plot on the right as a telling case : it shows the mass of the Lambda hyperon as a function of time .
The trend in the mass versus time does not mean that the Lambda fattened in the last forty years , but rather that past determinations clearly influenced the following ones ...
I can imagine somebody measuring the Lambda mass to be significantly higher than the previously known World average , and then saying : " It is too high !
We certainly have got the scale of our magnetic fiend wrong ... " Plots such as the one above are a very clear warning to experimenters : trust your data , not external inputs !
First Rep. Virginia Foxx called Matthew Shepard 's murder a ' hoax ' .
Then , she turned around and issued a non-apology apology :
I am especially sorry if his grieving family was offended by my statement .
I was referring to a 2004 ABC News 20 /20 report on Mr. Shepard 's death .
ABC 's 20/20 report questioned the motivation of those responsible for his death .
Referencing this media account may have been a mistake , but it was a mistake based on what I believed were reliable accounts .
But it was n't a reliable account -- a fact that is obviously not well enough known , but still is n't any kind of excuse for uttering that kind of smear .
And that 's the problem .
She spread a lie , a harmful , ugly lie , about Matt Shepard on the floor of the Congress , and she has never made plain to the public that it was a lie .
So you can't really blame Judy Shepard , Matthew 's mother , for declining to accept : " She 's apologizing for semantics . "
Yesterday she tried again , and failed just as miserably to actually own up to the problem :
“ In the heat of trying to handle the rule on the floor , anybody can use a bad choice of words .
Saying that the event was a hoax was a poor choice of words , ” Foxx said .
“ I ’ve apologized for that .
I never meant in any way to harm the family or offend the family or anybody else for that matter . ”
“ The term ‘ hoax ’ was a poor choice of words used in the discussion of the hate - crimes bill , ” Foxx said in a statement .
“ Mr. Shepard ’s death was nothing less than a tragedy , and those responsible for his death certainly deserved the punishment they received . ”
As David Badash at the New Civil Rights Movement acutely observes :
Foxx ’s newest “ apology ” demonstrates her lack of understanding of the basic issue confronting her :
She lied about why Matthew Shepard was killed , and maligned the memory of a 21 year - old college student who , to the world , has become the face of a hate crime victim .
...
One non-apology is bad , two demonstrates not only a lack of remorse or decency , but a total lack of understanding of the important and sensitive issues that confront our country .
You see , that ABC News report , by Elizabeth Vargas , was debunked at the time as a journalistic atrocity :
[ T ]he entire thrust of ABC 's " revelations " -- that it was all a drug binge , not a hate crime -- reveals how little the reporters who worked on this understand not just bias crimes but criminal law generally .
One factor , such as drug use , does not cancel out another , such as a bias motive .
They often in fact appear together and work in conjunction .
There 's an even more significant problem with the 20/20 report , however :
It is signficantly factually flawed .
The flaw is not so much in what it reports , but what it intentionally omits .
...[ T ]he 20/20 report substantially omits evidence that was produced at the time establishing McKinney 's bias motivation .
And indeed , McKinney not only did not deny the existence of this bias , he positively embraced it at trial by attempting a " gay panic " defense .
Incidentally , Fritzen was not the lead investigator in the case .
That honor went to a fellow named Rob DeBree .
And DeBree has significantly repudiated the " crystal meth " theory .
Here 's what he told Beth Loffreda , author of Losing Matt Shepard : Life and Politics in the Aftermath of an Anti-Gay Murder , regarding the attempt by McKinney 's defense team to paint him as being under the influence of crystal meth : Rob DeBree too was unimpressed by the argument -- he told me quite forcefully that the murder did n't look like any meth crime he knew .
In his confession to DeBree , McKinney had denied using meth the day of the murder , and while McKinney had been arrested too late for the police to confirm this through blood testing , DeBree felt certain that for once he had told the truth .
Obviously it 's unsurprising that the lead investigator would disagree with the defense , but DeBree had some compelling reasons on his side .
" There 's no way " it was a meth crime , DeBree argued , still passionate about the issue when I met him nearly six months after the trial had ended .
No evidence of recent drug use was " found in the search of their residences .
There was no evidence in the truck .
From everything we were able to investigate , the last time they would have done meth would have been up to two to three weeks previous to that night .
What the defense attempted to do was a bluff . " ...
There are other serious problems with the report .
It omits the fact that McKinney has now changed his story at least three times , and probably more , raising serious doubts about his credibility anyway .
It also omits the fact that other detectives in the case testified at trial that the victim was selected for violence , and was beaten especially severely , because he was gay .
Their testimony was based on their actual conversations with McKinney and Henderson .
And the piece 's later attempts to defend McKinney by tainting Shepard 's reputation ( claiming he also was a crystal - meth user ) should be beneath even the lowliest cops-and - courts reporter , let alone a national news organization .
Even if true , whatever Shepard 's habits , he did not deserve to die for them .
Nonetheless , as Foxx 's remarks suggest -- and as posts from the right - wing blogosphere amply demonstrate -- the belief that the 20/20 report was anything remotely accurate or even a worthwhile piece of journalism has lingered as conventional wisdom on the right .
As I recently noted , even Andrew Sullivan and Andrew Breitbart have been known to cough that hairball up in our laps too .
GAZA CITY , occupied Gaza Strip ( IPS ) - Suliman Khodari begins his shift at 5 am on one of Gaza City ’s busiest streets .
With his horse - drawn cart , Suliman spends seven hours every morning hauling away the rubbish left by residents and shop owners of the neighborhood .
But he is not a scavenger .
Suliman is one of 150 animal cart owners currently collecting garbage for the Gaza City municipality .
Two years of economic blockade and Israel ’s recent assault on the territory have crippled the ability of municipalities to get rid of solid waste .
Shortage of fuel and spare parts have rendered the majority of the Gaza Strip ’s garbage trucks unusable for rubbish collection — and the ones that are left require almost daily maintenance .
Local governments have been forced to rely on animal carts as a result .
“ Because of the siege , and now after the war , we are working in a crisis situation all of the time , ” says Gaza City ’s director of environment and health , Abdel Rahem Abulkumboz .
“ Our work is based on the fact that we are constantly in a state of emergency , ” he says .
On 27 December , Israel launched a three - week assault that killed more than 1,400 Palestinians and decimated wide swathes of infrastructure across Gaza .
Throughout the assault , Gaza ’s solid waste sector sustained serious damage — to its garbage trucks and their repair facilities , community trash containers , bulldozers used to flatten waste , and roads used to access landfills .
The Gaza Strip maintains three major landfills for its 1.5 million inhabitants — in Gaza City , Deir al - Balah in central Gaza and Rafah in the south .
According to the Early Recovery and Reconstruction Plan for Gaza presented by the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) to international donors at the February Gaza reconstruction conference at Sharm al - Sheikh , Egypt , Gaza ’s solid waste sector needs an immediate injection of $ 3 million to function properly over the next year .
In the Rafah municipality alone , home to 150,000 people , over $ 275,000 in damage was done to solid waste infrastructure , according to a rapid assessment made by the local government in March .
But nothing from the $ 2 billion in reconstruction funds pledged by international donors at the Sharm al - Sheikh conference has been received — and high recovery costs have further impeded local governments from rehabilitating their solid waste services .
Fuel , funds and supplies from the UN agency for Palestine refugees ( UNRWA ) currently sustain much of Gaza ’s solid waste sector .
The World Bank finances the 150 animal cart owners working for the Gaza City municipality .
“ The population does n’t have enough income to pay for even their basic needs , so how can they pay for our services ? ” says Mohammed al - Halabi , director of international cooperation at the Gaza City municipality .
“ Our fee for trash pick - up is eight shekels ( $ 2 ) per month , and sometimes we ca n’t even collect that , ” he says .
“ The disposal of one ton of solid waste costs between 80 and 100 shekels ( $ 20 - $ 25 ) .
The municipality just does n’t get that money back . ”
Also during the war , garbage collection services came to a virtual standstill , and 22,000 tons of rubbish consequently piled up in residential areas across Gaza , attracting flies , mosquitoes and rats .
In addition , approximately 600,000 tons of debris , from damaged homes , businesses and factories overloaded the already weakened system in the aftermath of the war .
“ The war was a disaster for our capacity to remove and dispose of waste properly , ” says al - Halabi .
“ We have trouble collecting and transferring normal waste .
How could we possibly remove all of the rubble , too ? ”
Abulkumboz says the inability of municipal governments to separate hazardous medical waste from regular household waste continues to pose a major health risk to both the civilian population and to solid waste workers .
“ Much of the rubble contains high levels of asbestos , ” Abulkumboz says .
“ And it is well known that asbestos causes cancer .
The children , the scavengers , the people who live near this garbage — they are all at risk . ”
Gaza City — home to the strip ’s largest population centre with 550,000 of the strip ’s 1.5 million inhabitants — produces 600 tons of solid waste each day .
Its landfill , seven kilometers east of the city center and on Gaza ’s border with Israel , receives an additional 400 tons of waste from Jabaliya , Beit Lahiya and Beit Hanoun in the north .
Al - Halabi says the landfill will reach its full capacity by the end of this year , and that the municipality will need to secure new land in order to accommodate the growing amount of solid waste produced by the city ’s inhabitants .
An additional landfill has been established temporarily at the centre of Gaza City .
“ We are currently looking for funds to help the municipality purchase and prepare more land to expand the site , ” al - Halabi says .
“ And eventually we will need to look towards new technologies for waste disposal , because I think it ’s obvious Gaza has a shortage of land . ”
According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics ( PCBS ) , .04 square kilometers of land is consumed ever year for waste disposal purposes in Gaza .
The territory is just 365 square kilometers .
But Abulkumboz says there is little use in discussing any long - term solutions for Gaza ’s mounting rubbish problems as long as the municipalities are bankrupt and the borders are closed .
For now , Abulkumboz says , he and his counterparts would be content just with spare parts for the vehicles and enough fuel to allow them to collect and transfer the waste properly .
With summer approaching , and as Gazans begin heading to the beach , Abulkumboz says Gaza ’s minimal solid waste resources will be stretched even further .
“ All we want is to be able to get the trash off the streets and keep our people healthy .
That ’s it .
But with what little we have now , we ca n’t even do that . ”
All rights reserved , IPS — Inter Press Service ( 2009 ) .
Total or partial publication , retransmission or sale forbidden .
Mentally Disabled Forced Into ' Fight Club ' at Texas Home Night shift made cell phone videos of residents at Texas facility .
May 12 , 2009  --
Terrified residents at a Corpus Christi , Texas , state school for the mentally disabled were forced to be part of a brutal " fight club " operated by night shift employees , who made videos of the sessions with their cell phones , the newly released videos show .
On the videos employees can be seen and heard laughing and prodding the residents to fight .
Watch " Nightline " at 11:30 p.m. ET for Brian Ross ' full report .
One resident is seen on the video trying to run away from his attacker and a large group of employees and residents tracking him through the halls .
When cornered , he wails and moans and tells the employees , " I will behave . "
The videos were discovered by police in March when one of the school employees left his phone at a hospital and it was turned over to police .
In an effort to find its owner , officers saw the disturbing videos .
A judge ordered the tapes released to an attorney suing the state on behalf of a former resident also forced into the " fight club . "
" It happened for over a year and it happened for many nights out of the week , " said the attorney , Bob Hilliard .
Hilliard 's client , Armando Hernandez , says he was told he would " go to prison " if he did not fight .
Hernandez , who is mentally disabled , says he was fearful to even tell his mother of what was happening inside at night .
" They say ' snitches get stitches , ' " Hernandez told ABC News .
A judge ordered police to provide the tapes to Hilliard on Friday for use in his lawsuit against the state , without any restriction on their use .
They were played twice in open court .
" There are no words as strong as the faces of these residents , " Hilliard said .
" It 's a place past fear .
It 's a place where they have almost accepted that the school where they 're locked into could very well end up being a coffin for them . "
A spokesperson for the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services , which oversees the state schools , says the agency was " shocked and disgusted by the unconscionable actions of a few employees . "
Spokesperson Cecilia Fedorov said the department has taken a number of steps to " stop this kind of abuse again , " including hiring additional security and increased supervision of night shifts .
Former Employees Indicted , Charged With Causing Injury to a Disabled Person
Six former employees were indicted last Thursday on charges of causing injury to a disabled person .
Prosecutors identified the ring leader as Timothy Dixon , 30 , who police say can be heard on the video calling the play - by - play of the fight as if he were a ring announcer .
Dixon and the others are to make their first appearance in court at an arraignment hearing next week .
The cell phone videos are the latest example of troubling conditions at the 12 Texas schools for the developmentally and mentally disabled .
More Than 800 Employees Suspended for Abusing Facility Residents
A federal civil rights investigation , completed last December before the cell phone videos were discovered , found that more than 800 employees had been suspended or fired " for abusing facility residents " since 2004 .
The federal report , sent to Texas Governor Rick Perry , concluded , " numerous conditions and practices at the Facilities violate the constitutional and federal statutory rights of their residents . "
Perry , a Republican , introduced " emergency legislation " in February designed to make the state schools safer .
Some state legislators say the problems began with Perry administration budget cuts in 2003 that reduced money for health and human services in Texas .
" I think what you are starting to see now are the negative effects of those decisions , " said State Representative Abel Herrero , a Democrat who represents Corpus Christi .
A spokesperson for Governor Perry told ABC News the governor was too busy dealing with the state legislature to provide an interview on the new cell phone videos .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Today , surveys reveal overwhelming numbers of physicians resentful towards the current crazy patchwork health care system , which fixes their reimbursements , regulates and too often denies patient care , and piles physicians with paperwork so unending and from so many directions the average doctor has little time leftover to challenge the status quo .
Add to all this the frustration felt at working for no pay coordinating care and providing care after hours , at struggling with the cost of health care insurance for their own employees , and at seeing their uninsured and underinsured patients go without recommended care , and what emerges is a prescription for widespread physician support of radical reform .
Over four - fifths of physicians now agree that either fundamental changes are needed in our health care system , or that it needs completely rebuilt .
On April 27th , forty - four national physician organizations wrote to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to outline their common goals and strategies " for improving health care delivery and making affordable , high - quality care available to all Americans . "
The co-signatories included the largest groups representing America ’s family physicians , internists , obstetricians and gynecologists , and surgeons .
The letter ’s sentiments mirror the results of a national survey of physicians published in January by the Journal of General Internal Medicine , which found that only a small fraction of U.S. physicians supported leaving the U.S. health care financing system as it is .
Nearly half favored either tax incentives or penalties to encourage the purchase of medical insurance , and four in ten preferred a government - run , single - payor , taxpayer - financed national health insurance program .
Just six years ago , similar polling found only 1 in 4 physicians supporting a single - payor system .
These findings challenge the public perception that American doctors are by and large unsympathetic to growing call for an overhaul of our costly and deeply unequal current health care system .
Nine in ten physicians in fact agreed that every American should receive needed medical care regardless of ability to pay .
Physician attitudes have undergone a marked turnabout in the last four decades .
The American College of Physicians , a national association representing 124,000 internists and internal medicine subspecialists , has been the medical organization perhaps most vocal in support of universal health care coverage .
The ACP takes the position that " health insurance coverage and benefits should be continuous and not dependent on place of residence or employment status . "
In December 2007 , the organization became the first and thus far only medical association to endorse a single - payor national health insurance system as a viable option to achieve universal health care .
The only alternative option the ACP recommends is a private / public model , much like what the Obama administration proposes .
The ACP warns , however , that this health care model will likely result in inequities in coverage , and higher costs when compared to a single - payor system .
Every other national primary care organization likewise strongly favors universal health care coverage .
The American Academy of Family Physicians , a national association representing 94,000 family doctors , crafted a health care reform proposal in 2001 which advocates for " a national health system with a basic set of benefits offered to all individuals . "
The American Academy of Pediatrics , representing over 60,000 pediatricians nationwide , endorses the idea that " quality health insurance should be a right , regardless of income , for every child , pregnant woman , their families , and ultimately all individuals . "
Nine in ten pediatricians recently surveyed said they wanted a health insurance program that would cover all children in this country .
And the American Academy of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , a national association representing 52,000 obstetricians and gynecologists , has issued a national health care reform agenda entitled " Health Care For Women , Health Care For All " , which " call[s ] on Congress and the States to cover all people in the U.S. "
ACOG says it best :
The consequences of unavailable or unaffordable health insurance are felt by all of us .
Uninsured and underinsured patients delay or forgo needed care , turning treatable conditions into complex and expensive health care events , and increasing the cost of health care for everyone .
And our fragmented health care system impedes progress toward the quality and safety goals on which we all agree .
Everyone ’s health security is at risk .
Momentum among the nation ’s primary care physicians and their organizations is clearly towards radical reform and universal coverage .
Yet what of the attitudes of the various medical and surgical specialists , and their organizations ?
Here is perhaps the biggest surprise .
In July 2006 , the American College of Surgeons , the American College of Cardiology , and the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons joined the AAFP , the ACP , and the ACOG in endorsing the " Principles for Reform of the U.S. Health Care System " , which states in its Preamble that " health care coverage for all is needed to facilitate access to quality health care , which will in turn improve the individual and collective health of society . "
In my Oregon county , informal and unscientific polling finds physicians consistent with their colleagues nationwide in believing the nation overdue for a health care overhaul .
Of the nearly sixty respondents , almost all supported the idea of universal health care coverage .
Most local physicians voiced support for a single - payor , national health insurance system , provided an option existed for those who could afford it to purchase supplemental private insurance .
Local physicians were close to unanimous in diagnosing insurance companies and their lobbyists as today being the greatest obstacle to creating a universal health care system .
Other perceived barriers noted by respondents included pharmaceutical companies , biased anti-reform advertising campaigns bought with insurance company money , and political opposition in large measure consolidated today within the minority national party .
Many respondents expressed an expectation that some physician colleagues , made wealthy in part by the status quo , would join efforts at resisting reform .
The same status quo , of course , that finds nearly fifty million Americans lacking health insurance , being neither old nor poor enough to qualify for government - funded insurance , and having neither a generous enough employer nor sufficient resources of their own to pay for private health insurance .
While there remains significant disagreement among America 's physicians at how best to do it , most recognize that the status quo must go .
In its place must be created a health care system that is universal , high quality , innovative , and cost efficient .
During the past few decades doctors have become closely acquainted with managed care by way of the private insurance industry .
Most have realized it to be as overbearing , impersonal , and laden with administrative burden as they always feared the government might be , all without the redeeming benefit of universal coverage .
Something has to change , and soon .
America ’s health care system is sick , and in immediate need of intensive care .
No less urgently than everyone else , America ’s physicians are calling for an ambulance .
Many analysts have noted that lenders are often better off doing a loan modification with principal reduction than going through the foreclosure process .
Despite this fact , lenders would rather foreclose and lose more money than do any kind of principal reduction .
Why is that ?
Asking Price : $ 692,800
Address : 33 Canopy , Irvine , CA 92603
{book5}
Clocks — Coldplay
Confusion never stops
Closing walls and ticking clocks
Gonna come back and take you home
Cursed missed opportunities
Am I a part of the cure ?
Or am I part of the disease ?
Forgiveness is the supreme act of kindness .
The beneficiary of forgiveness is not the person being forgiven , but the person doing the forgiving .
Carrying anger is both spiritually and physically harmful .
That being said , do n’t expect forgiveness from lenders any time soon .
There has been much discussion about whether or not banks should modify loans , including giving principal reductions , or if they should simply foreclose and move on .
There are compelling financial arguments that favor loan modification and principal reduction ; it is not going to happen .
Banks are fully aware of the moral hazard of principal reduction .
Once they go down that road , it changes the behavior of borrowers everywhere .
l last wrote about this in Crisis or Cure ?
In that post , I noted the following :
At the conclusion of Mr. Mortgage ’s most recent post , he stated , “ Bottom Line — after seeing these latest figures I am
more convinced than ever that the next step is wide - spread principal
balance reductions that will reduce the massive negative equity burden
in America and be a first - step to solving the mortgage and housing
crisis once and for all . ”
Widespread principal balance reductions are
occurring in a process known as foreclosure .
Once a property goes
through foreclosure and is resold , the new buyer has a much lower
principal balance than the old one .
That is what needs to happen .
Does Mr. Mortgage believe this is going to happen through voluntary
“ gifts ” of principal reductions to existing borrowers from the lenders ?
That is what his statement implies .
I rather doubt it .
There is no way
to make this “ gift ” equitable , and the moral hazard would be extreme ,
and the lenders will resist this to the bitter end .
Look at their
opposition to allowing bankruptcy judges to reduce principal balances ;
they would rather take the home back in foreclosure than allow
principal reductions even in the case of borrower insolvency and
bankruptcy .
Further , they have managed to kill that measure in the
Senate — a Senate completely controlled by an antagonistic Democratic
majority .
Do n’t expect to see either a voluntary or a politically
mandated effort at principal reduction any time soon .
At the bottom of the astute observations , there was this gem from grabasnorkel :
IR you and others
have mentioned the choice the banks face -> either mod the loan to X
amount or foreclose and get the same X amount .
Seems like equivalent options , but they are not .
The threat of
foreclosure has to be backed up with real foreclosures , if that threat
is watered down , it becomes less of a stick they can use with other
loans .
We see some of that in the marketplace right now because many
people are expecting a loan mod and have therefore stopped paying on
their mortgage .
It ’s like a loan shark .
When loans are n’t repaid , they have to break
bones , even if the borrower is broke .
Even once in a while the borrower
is found dead – this has the purpose of keeping the threat real .
If you f#%k a mafioso over hard , and skip town , he ’s still going to
come after you to kill you even if he ca n’t get his money back .
Why is
that ?
Or a credit card company .
They do n’t HAVE to ding your credit if you
default on a card , but they will .
If they do n’t then they wo n’t be
taken seriously and that leads to more defaults .
Two years ago a guy at work told me the banks would be reluctant to
foreclose because they would n’t net anymore than they would by working
with the borrower ..
He was wrong then , and is wrong now .
Think about it
for a moment .
I have been thinking about this comment for a couple of weeks , and I have come to the conclusion that grabasnorkel is right .
The political behavior of lenders lends evidence to this same conclusion .
Besides the lobbying for watered down legislation I mentioned above , consider the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act passed in 2005 .
The main purpose of this major legisltation was to make it more difficult to obtain debt forgiveness .
When you really think about it , lenders will do just about anything to avoid debt forgiveness even if the short - term costs are higher .
Hence , we have loan mods that do not forgive debt ( but do create lifelong homedebtors ) and we have foreclosures .
The result of bank lobbying and practices is going to be a huge wave of foreclosures .
It is clear that Americans have too much debt and need significant debt reductions .
We will modify those few on the fringe , and we will foreclose on the rest .
That is just the way of things .
One final ramification of lender policy is going to be the long - term exclusion of the foreclosed from the housing market .
Previously , I had believed that we would see a resurgence of subprime to serve the needs of those with good jobs and healthy downpayments .
Now , I do n’t think this is going to happen .
If current debtors believe they will be given a home loan in 18 - 24 months after a foreclosure , many more people will default .
Lenders are going to exclude this group from home ownership for years just to serve as a deterrent to others .
Current GSE policy is a five - year waiting period before they will buy or insure a loan from a borrower who has gone into foreclosure .
Despite political pressure likely to mount in the future , do n’t expect this to change .
In short , overextended borrowers are in deep trouble , and lenders intend to keep it that way .
I have joked about the Banker ’s Prayer .
Do you think they will forgive us our debts ?
or are overextended borrowers in as much trouble as I say they are ?
Asking Price : $ 692,800
Income Requirement : $ 173,200
Downpayment Needed : $ 138,560
Monthly Equity Burn : $ 5,773
Purchase Price : $ 870,000
Purchase Date : 12/6/2006
Address : 33 Canopy , Irvine , CA 92603
Beds : 3 Baths : 3 Sq. Ft. : 2,000 $ / Sq. Ft. : $ 346 Lot Size : – Property Type : Condominium Style : Other Stories : 2 Floor : 1 Year Built : 2003 Community : Quail Hill County : Orange MLS# : U9002330 Source : SoCalMLS Status : Active On Redfin : 9 days
BANK OWNED !!!
Premier Quail Hill condominium .
Granite countertops and
stainless steel appliances , ceiling fans , travertine flooring &
berber carpet .
Fabulous master bath with spa tub and marble accents .
This property was purchased on 12/6/26 for $ 870,000 .
The owner used a $ 696,000 first mortgage , a $ 87,000 HELOC and an $ 87,000 downpayment .
That is all gone as the property went back to the lender on 2/11/2009 for $ 590,750 .
If this property sells for its current asking price , and if a 6 % commission is paid , the total loss will be $ 218,768 .
It 's not clear whether actor Seth Rogen is smoking marijuana , or something else , in this appearance at MTV 's movie awards , which were televised live .
But there are three thing you can say for sure .
One , the camera pulls back , as though the network wants to obscure the smoking .
Two , Rogen just earned some serious publicity for his upcoming stoner film , Pineapple Express , part of a resurgence for the genre of pot movies , which Hollywood considers cheap to produce but highly profitable .
And , third , someone is going to get seriously scolded by various media watchdog groups for promoting marijuana use on national television , whether the weed is real or not .
A quarter of children aged between four and six say they are " stressed out " , and the proportion rises to just over half of children under 16 , reported a survey published late last week .
It 's getting just too much .
Children who should have no thoughts in their heads but how to skip , kick a football and splash poster paint around are cracking up .
Evidence of the increasing incidence of children 's mental ill - health is reaching mountainous proportions : self - harm , attention deficit disorder , depression and obsessive behaviour have all increased sharply among children in recent years .
So this survey , conducted by a market research company , TNS , was n't saying anything we had n't already heard plenty of times before .
What was interesting was how this survey was reported as " Britain in danger of breeding a generation of emotional weaklings " : this generation of children was more cosseted than any previous one , and more neurotic , and perhaps the two phenomena were connected .
The Times concluded in a leader that we are fast becoming a nation of " emotional hypochondriacs " as stress is transformed into a disease by a growing industry of therapists , counsellors and lawyers eager for new business .
The coverage reflected an increasingly popular view that the growing incidence of stress and depression is a bad case of the emperor 's new clothes .
We 've turned our personal shortcomings into a disease .
Individualism has generated chronic self - indulgence and hugely inflated aspirations to happiness while sapping our will to overcome adversity .
Past generations had much worse to deal with , but showed stoicism , forbearance and fortitude .
Chimney sweeps and match girls had no time to worry about stress ; they were too concerned about where their next meal was coming from .
While parents once buried their tiny children in droves and suffered pestilence , war and poverty with a cheerful smile , we are running to the therapist 's couch over the smallest setback .
It can all be boiled down to " Buck up ! "
There 's a remarkable theme of nostalgia underpinning the argument : along with the warm beer and cricket on the village green , we British had a stiff upper lip , we valued reserve , we kept our emotions to ourselves .
The same nostalgia was evident in Patrick West 's recent pamphlet Conspicuous Compassion for the rightwing thinktank Civitas , in which he tackled another aspect of our emotional culture .
Public displays of emotion were , he argued , a " symptom of a fragmented society that has exchanged reason for emotion , action for gesture , cool reserve for mawkish sentimentality " .
But the Victorians knew a thing or two about " mawkish sentimentality " , so the historical accuracy of this golden age of British stoicism is pretty doubtful .
In one way , this debate about the state of the nation 's emotional life seems quaintly old - fashioned .
It fits into a long tradition of western philosophy 's suspicion of emotion .
Rationality was the great principle of the Enlightenment and belief in its superiority and distinction from our emotions is still surprisingly common .
What we still struggle to understand - even after huge advances in neuroscience - is the intimate interplay of emotion and reason .
In another respect , the debate over whether stress is real or manufactured reflects a very modern set of phenomena and urgently requires that the old - fashioned distaste for emotion is abandoned if we are going to grasp the nature of what we are dealing with .
There 's a real danger of an ostrich mentality , insisting to all the teenagers with suicidal tendencies that what they feel is not real , they 're just unwitting victims of a gigantic cultural fraud .
That just wo n't wash .
As Frank Furedi points out in his critique Therapy Culture , there has been rapid growth of a " therapeutic vocabulary " .
The use of words such as " self - esteem " , " trauma " and " stress " soared in newspapers during the 90s .
The crunch issue is whether you believe this kind of language encouraged the very phenomena it was describing and pathologised conditions which other generations have endured without fuss , or whether people turned to this language to articulate a new sense of mental distress .
I put my money on the latter , and the fact that there is a particularly rightwing complexion to the opposite view is no accident .
Rising mental illness seems an inescapable consequence of the kind of rapid , disruptive change driven by market capitalism .
It 's not that people have gone soft so much as that they are profoundly disorientated by the ceaseless discontinuity of change .
Experience becomes utterly random and meaningless .
You were doing really well in your job but you still got fired ; you thought your relationship was strong but your partner has fallen out of love with you .
Appalling images of suffering in the world are interrupted by advertisements for car insurance : barbarism and banality , cheek by jowl .
What lies behind the escalating weight of emotional distress is that awful struggle to make meaning , that instinct that our lives should have a narrative and a purpose and should make some sense .
Whereas previous generations had a very strong grasp of the meaning of their lives ( whatever the catastrophes which befell them ) , of their own identity and where they belonged , we are living out Marx 's prediction that " all that is solid melts into air , all that is holy is profaned " .
Meaning inspires resilience : if you have some explanation for what happens , it gives strength .
That 's what past generations drew comfort from .
It is the sheer meaninglessness of the chaotic instability of our experiences which exposes us to despair .
We have no answer to " why me ? "
We have no account for the suffering which is the inevitable lot of human beings - death , disease , betrayal , frustration - other than to employ desperate strategies to avoid them .
Freud said that human beings oscillate between their need for security and their need for freedom .
At some point in the 20th century , we pretty much junked security in favour of freedom .
The price we pay for that is a kind of nervy , risk - taking rollercoaster ride of adrenaline and depression .
We 've replaced lives that were nasty , brutish and short with lives which are insecure , disorientated and long .
Inevitably , there are many casualties , and they need help , not disbelief .
That 's where the therapy and emotionalisation of contemporary culture are part of the solution , not the problem ; both are part of how we now develop an account of our lives which connects with that of others in the wake of declining religious and political narratives .
It can play a crucial role in the lives of many who manage , as Charles Baudelaire put it in 1845 , a kind of heroism of everyday life , in which they make themselves at home in the maelstrom of modern life .
It 's an achievement all the more remarkable for the fact that it can call on few of the markers such as extended family , community and faith upon which previous generations relied so heavily .
And it is accompanied , I suspect , by just as much endurance , forbearance and cheerful determination as shown by any previous generation .
m.bunting@theguardian.com
NIALL O'DOWD : THE MEN BEHIND THE LOYALIST CEASEFIRE | CLICK HERE
The Ulster Volunteer Force ( UVF ) and the Red Hand Commando in Northern Ireland today announced that they had decommissioned their weapons .
The move , which has been welcomed by parties across the political divide , comes ahead of an anticipated similar move by the Ulster Defense Association ( UDA ) .
The three groups have been under increasing pressure to make such an announcement before an August deadline on the current amnesty .
The amnesty means that anyone handling illegal arms is immune from prosecution as long as they are handling the weapons to decommission them .
The secretary of state for Northern Ireland Shaun Woodward had warned the three groups that he was tired of their " foot - dragging " on the issue and was ready to end the amnesty in August .
Indeed , a report from an independent monitoring group last month had raised questions about the Loyalist groups ' seriousness towards decommissioning .
Today , Woodward said that the announcement was the " culmination of a long and difficult process . "
" The leadership of the UVF and RHC have delivered on what they said they would do ... and have clearly signaled that loyalism has nothing to fear and is confident in the political institutions and wants to play a positive role in the future of Northern Ireland . "
He said the groups had made a " bold and courageous decision , " and urged the UDA to continue .
" For those who have doubted the political process , it is proof that the politics works and that guns have no place in a normal society . " he said .
" This is proof that decommissioning works and today 's acts of leadership ( are ) further testimony to the transformation in Northern Ireland . "
The UVF however made clear it was not dropping its belief that Northern Ireland would never be part of Ireland .
In a statement , the group said : ' We have done so to further augment the establishment of accountable democratic governance in this region of the UK , to remove the pretext that loyalist weaponry is an obstacle to the development of our communities and to compound our legacy of integrity to the peace process . '
The UDA confirmed that it had started decommissioning saying : " This is a courageous and unprecedented move that is part of a wider transition from conflict to peace .
' By carrying out this act we are helping to build a new and better Northern Ireland where conflict is a thing of the past . '
The Irish Government said today would be a landmark while the British Government said it was historic .
Ireland 's Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin said : " Today is an important landmark in this process .
Northern Ireland has now moved closer to achieving the genuinely shared future for which many people have taken risks over the past decades .
" I wish to express the Government 's appreciation to the loyalist leadership and all those who took crucial and courageous decisions to facilitate today 's step forward . "
President Mary McAleese said : ' This is a very important step in building and consolidating peace in Northern Ireland and signals a turning away from a culture of conflict towards a culture of good neighbourliness , within Northern Ireland and on the island of Ireland . '
And in the North , the leader of the Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) Dawn Purvis said : " This is a truly momentous day in the history of progressive loyalism .
The decommissioning of all weapons by the UVF and RHC shows that peaceful , stable , inclusive democracy is the way forward for our country . "
The UVF was set up in 1966 while the The Red Hand Commando was a splinter group .
The UDA , with up to 5,000 members is the biggest loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland .
The US State Department says it is now primarily a drug trafficking organization although it has continued to target the Catholic community .
With workplace age - discrimination claims rising rapidly , the Supreme Court made it much harder Thursday for older workers to win in court .
The 5 - 4 decision reversed a long - standing rule .
Many federal appellate courts had decided that if a worker could show age was one of the factors in a layoff or demotion , then the employer was required to prove it had a legitimate reason for its action apart from age .
The court ’s conservative majority , led by Justice Clarence Thomas , threw out this two - step approach .
Instead , the court said , workers bear the full burden of proving that age was the deciding factor in their dismissal or demotion .
Because workers claiming such discrimination almost certainly will not be present while their employers discuss laying them off or demoting them , analysts said , it will be extremely difficult to obtain hard evidence that age was the key factor .
Advertisement
“ This is a significant and marked change , ” said Diana Hoover , a corporate defense lawyer in Houston .
“ It imposes a difficult burden on the employee .
You are not going to have an employer stand up and announce , ‘ I ’m discriminating against you because of your age . ’ ”
The ruling comes as concern about age discrimination is rising , especially as companies downsize in the difficult economy .
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said the number of new age - bias claims last year rose by 29 % from 2007 .
Businesses applauded the decision in Gross vs. FBL Financial Services , saying employers sometimes settle weak claims to avoid battling before a jury over the real reasons behind a layoff .
“ This is extremely important to small - business owners , ” said Karen Harned , executive director of the National Federation of Independent Business .
She said employers should not have to defend themselves in court “ based on speculative evidence that age was merely a motivating factor in an employer ’s decision . ”
Advertisement
But the National Senior Citizens Law Center , AARP and several civil rights groups sharply criticized it , urging Congress to trump the ruling with legislation .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vt. ) likened it to the Lilly Ledbetter decision from two years ago .
In that case , the same 5 - 4 majority said a woman who for years had been paid less than men for the same work could not sue because she had not learned about the discrimination until she retired -- long after the statute of limitations had expired .
Congress passed a bill to reverse the Ledbetter decision early this year .
President Obama made it the first measure he signed into law .
Advertisement
Leahy said in a statement that the age - bias decision “ reminds me of the court ’s wrong - headed ruling in Ledbetter .
Five justices acted to disregard precedent and ignore the plain reading and common understanding of the statute that Congress passed to protect Americans from discrimination based on their age . ”
The court said the two - step rule could still be applied in bias cases involving discrimination claims on the basis of race , sex , religion or national origin .
But age - bias claims must adhere to a stricter standard , Thomas said :
An older worker must prove “ that age was the reason ” behind the employer ’s action .
In discrimination lawsuits involving what lawyers call “ mixed motive ” cases , a worker previously might have had a valid claim of discrimination if age or another prohibited factor , such as race , was one of the motivations behind a firing or demotion .
Advertisement
Thomas acknowledged that Congress and the Supreme Court had authorized this approach , but he said it could not be applied to age discrimination cases .
“ The burden of persuasion does not shift to the employer , ” he said , “ even when a plaintiff has produced some evidence that age was one motivating factor in that decision . ”
In 1991 , Congress amended the law covering discrimination on the basis of race , sex , religion and national origin to allow mixed - motive claims .
It did not revise the age bias law .
Thursday ’s majority said that age , therefore , should be treated differently .
Joining Thomas were Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony M. Kennedy and Samuel A. Alito Jr .
Advertisement
The dissenters , led by the court ’s senior justice , John Paul Stevens , described the ruling as “ especially irresponsible ” and “ an unabashed display of judicial lawmaking . ”
Stevens seemed particularly upset that the court had decided a different issue than it had announced when it accepted the case last year .
“ Unfortunately , the majority ’s inattention to prudential court practices is matched by its utter disregard of our precedent and Congress ’ intent , ” he wrote .
Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , David H. Souter and Stephen G. Breyer joined his opinion .
The dissenters maintained that if older workers could show some evidence that age had entered into the decision to fire or demote them , then the employer should be required to show it had a good and legitimate reason for its decision independent of age .
Advertisement
Thursday ’s ruling overturned a $ 47,000 jury verdict in favor of Jack Gross , 54 , an Iowa insurance claims adjuster .
He was demoted in a company reorganization , and his job was given to a woman in her 40s .
Gross sued under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act , which bars bias against those over 40 .
The judge instructed jurors that they should rule for Gross if his age was “ a motivating factor ” in the employer ’s decision to demote him and if the employer had failed to show that it would have made the same decision regardless of his age .
The high court majority said the judge had erred by allowing the plaintiff to win without proving he had been demoted because of his age .
Advertisement
A year ago , the court took a nearly opposite tack involving class - action cases , in which groups of older workers contend that a company ’s overall layoff policies discriminate against them .
In a 7 - 1 ruling -- with only Thomas dissenting -- the court ruled that the company must defend its policies as reasonable .
Thursday ’s decision involved claims by individuals rather than a group .
“ You do n’t see a lot of cases involving entire classes of employees , ” said Paul W. Mollica , a Chicago lawyer who handles job discrimination suits .
“ Virtually all the cases are like the one decided today , involving an individual . ”
--
Advertisement
david.savage@latimes.com
Thursday , June 4 , 2009
Differences in Google Image Results for Tiananmen Square Protests
The first page of the around 44,000 results for tiananmen massacre on the international Chinese version at Google.com :
The 11 results in China on Google.cn for the same query , along with a censorship notice at the bottom :
The results of a Google search may vary greatly in different locations around the globe .
Above is a search for tiananmen massacre – once on Google international Chinese , and once on Google China – in reference to the Chinese protests culminating in violence 20 years ago today .
You will get similar differences when searching for Chinese phrases like 六四事件 , June Fourth Incident .
This is due to Google having agreed to censor the China results when they decided to further move in the country with their technology in the years 2004 ( starting with Google News ) and 2006 ( organic web search and other services ) , a compromise which they suggested they hope to be for the better , overall , but to which they do not provide many details to the outside world .
“ All history was a palimpsest , scraped clean and reinscribed exactly as often as was necessary . ”
>>
More posts
Advertisement
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Using just a stool sample , doctors may now be able to detect colon and many other cancers of the digestive tract including stomach , pancreatic , bile duct and esophageal cancer , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday .
A scanning electron micrograph of human colon cancer cells , mag .
8600x , is seen in this undated handout image .
These cancer cells are epithelial cells from a patient with an aggressive case of colon cancer .
REUTERS / Newscom / Handout
They said a new test , which detects genetic material shed from the surface of cancer cells , found nearly 70 percent of assorted digestive tract cancers .
And the DNA test accurately showed negative results in all 70 healthy patients they tested , Dr. David Ahlquist of the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota told the Digestive Disease Week meeting in Chicago .
“ It opens the door to detecting cancers that are , sadly , not screened .
The mortality rates of these cancers is extremely high , ” Ahlquist said in a telephone interview .
“ In pancreatic cancer , the five - year survival rate is only about 5 percent or less .
Without detection at an early stage , it will be hard to make much progress . ”
Gastrointestinal cancers account for about one in four cancer deaths in the United States , but currently , patients are only routinely screened for colon cancer .
The stool sample test is an expanded version of a DNA test Ahlquist and colleagues are working on for colon cancer .
It looks for evidence of cells from tumors and precancerous polyps as they pass through the gastrointestinal tract .
“ What ’s common to all of the cancers in the GI tract is that they shed cells and they are going downstream and are excreted in the stool .
We ’ve exploited that common biology to explore this as a screening approach , ” Ahlquist said .
The team tested 70 patients with various cancers of the digestive tract , including colon , throat , esophagus , stomach , pancreatic , bile duct , gallbladder and small bowel to see if gene mutations could be found in stool samples .
They also used the test on 70 healthy patients .
It found 65 percent of esophageal cancers , 62 percent of pancreatic cancers and 75 percent of bile duct and gallbladder cancers .
And it found 100 percent of both stomach and colorectal cancers .
The test worked equally well on early and late - stage cancers .
“ We ’ve looked at DNA changes that are cancer - specific .
They have proved to be a very reliable marker in this study , ” he said .
Ahlquist said both he and Mayo Clinic have a financial interest in the DNA stool test , which they hope to license to a company that will commercialize it .
Tonight Paramount pulled off one of the coolest stunts in fan history .
Promoted as just a 10 minute preview of the new Star Trek to show along with The Wrath of Khan , tonight fans in Austin , TX were actually shown the entire new Star Trek movie .
The event included surprise guests , including the original Spock himself , Leonard Nimoy .
[ UPDATE : A number of reviews are already in – we have a summary of those below ]
Surprise !
According to our man on the scene , the evening started off normally at the Fantastic Fest Star Trek event at the Alamo Draughthouse Theater in Austin , Texas on Monday night .
Star Trek filmmakers Roberto Orci , Alex Kurtzman and Damon Lindelof kicked things off by telling the crowd of around 200 , that they would be seeing the Star Trek preview after Wrath of Khan .
Two minutes in to the showing of TWOK , the film appeared to have ‘ melted ’ and the guys came back out on the stage and appeared to be stalling for time while the film was fixed … and then , wearing a ball cap , Leonard Nimoy came out in front of the audience holding a film can .
Nimoy noted to the crowd that it just did n’t seem fair that people in Australia were the fist to see the film and asked them " would n’t you rather see the new movie ? "
And apparently the crowd went wild .
After that they showed the entire new Star Trek movie .
Nimoy stayed for the entire event as did Orci , Kurtzman and Lindelof .
According to a friend who called in to TrekMovie after the event , the audience reaction was very positive .
There were " genuine laughs " at the jokes and " quiet moments " with the serious character stuff .
And apparently the crowd applauded at the introduction to each character .
The film ended with a standing ovation .
( l - r ) , Nimoy , OrciKurtzman , & Lindelof on stage in Austin ( David Hilton )
[ UPDATE : Click for new photos and video ]
UPDATE : Review Tweets
Insta-reviews are starting to come up on Twitter , here are a few notables ( some strong language used ) :
holy fuck !
the new Star Trek fucking rules the universe
– Harry Knowles , AICN
ust got super secret clearance to tell you that yes , I saw JJ ’s Star Trek .
And I was blown away .
it is super accessible , in the right ways .
Fans at my screening also dug it , so that bodes well .
– Niel Miller , FilmSchoolRejects
Yeah , that Star Trek 2 screening turned out to be the premiere of JJ Abram ’s Star Trek .
Seriously , I can not believe how good it was .
– Rodney Perkins , Film , esq .
The cast is superb , the story is compelling , the action is exciting , and Abrams even avoids any blatant cheesy “ winks ” about his reboot .
If Star Trek is the bluebird of the summer movie season , then we are in for a great ride .
– Johnny Rollerfeet
UPDATE 2 : First Reviews – very positive
The first reviews from Austin are already out on a number of geeky / film websites .
Below are summary paragraphs from each .
Click links for full reviews but beware of spoilers ( nothing too major ) .
Quinto AintItCoolNews :
STAR TREK is n’t just a successful reboot , but a genuinely fun and exciting science fiction action adventure .
My biggest complaint is that it feels like they just got started up when the film ended .
I want more !
I want to see the further adventures of Captain James T. Kirk and his crew aboard the USS Enterprise .
Neil at Film School Rejects :
The overwhelming sentiment that I have about this film is that J.J. Abrams , with the help of a few incredibly talented people , has created a very accessible , fun Star Trek film that is perfect for a new generation of sci - fi fans .
Sure , it plays to the fan base a little bit , but its real strength is in the fact that it is delivered with a ton of energy , it presents a story that is easily grasped by fans and newbies alike and is a big , kick - ass ride .
My hope is not only that this sort of film will inspire young people to go out and check out some of the older Trek movies and series , but that it also helps usher in a new era of space science fiction filmmaking .
Josh Tyler at Cinemabland :
The runtime flies by with very few lulls in the pacing , reinvigorating characters and a universe that had , lets be honest , grown stale and tired .
More than anything else , the movie just feels so much more fun than any previous entry .
There ’s more humor , more thrills , far more energy and a much better movie here than anything I ’ve seen from Star Trek since the 80’s .
I admit I was skeptical - I was not prepared to care about this universe and these characters again , after the crushing mediocrity that they had become .
I can be skeptical no more , though .
This is a fantastic movie it ’s own right , one I would definitely recommend to Trekkie and new fan alike .
Devin Faraci at CHUD
Tonight Paramount pulled off one of the coolest stunts in fan history .
Promoted as just a 10 minute preview of the new Star Trek to show along with The Wrath of Khan , tonight fans in Austin , TX were actually shown the entire new Star Trek movie ( hours ahead of the gala world premiere in Sydney , Australia ) .
The event included surprise guests , including the original Spock himself , Leonard Nimoy .
UPDATE 3 : Photos and Videos
TrekMovie has a new article with video and photos from the event
I have heard Paul Krugman say that ‘ the end is nigh ’ so many times that it seemed like the only sensible way to think about the housing market .
It was identified as a bubble , and that could only mean that it would eventually burst .
A steady diet of NYT editorials and Economist charts leave you with one conclusion — this is not going to end well .
This certainly seems to be true in Phoenix .
Even though I ’ve lectured for years about ‘ the growth machine ’ , how the economy in a city like Phoenix depends on building more homes , I did not expect the whole thing to collapse quite so precipitately , and with so many repercussions .
The number of passengers going through the airport here is down 10 % from last year ; numerous restaurants , stores and other services have gone out of business , the State is trying to stare down a $ 3 billion deficit , the universities have fired hundreds of people — so the cycle keeps spreading like a slow motion disaster .
Also predictable is the response .
Local politicians are planning to slash the State budget and get government off people ’s backs , once and for all .
If we used foreign phrases such as ‘ chutzpah ’ around here , that would have to qualify .
After all , it takes balls to watch the market behave like a bunch of drunks kicking Humpty Dumpty about , and then blame government for trying to put him back together again .
Yet , at least here in Phoenix , it turns out that Professor Krugman had n’t really got it figured out after all .
As a rational man , he was distracted by the irrational exuberance of the market , the unsupportable ramping up of property prices , the NINJA loans , and the cynical exploitation of those arriving late to the party , those doomed to buy at the top of the market and be left holding fake mortgages on homes with phony values .
The solutions seem simple .
More oversight from Big Brother and everything can be fixed .
Or , if you prefer to listen to the bizarro - world script over on AM radio , the black helicopters are about to start landing on Wall Street as the UN takes over to install European - style socialism .
Yet much of this commentary is laughably wrong .
The housing market debacle was not just predictable but actually utterly unavoidable .
Some of this is simply a matter of money circulating around , which as Niall Ferguson ’s book The Ascent of Money makes clear , this is as old as capitalism itself .
The difference now is that digital technologies have made the speed of trading and transfer shift .
The same rules apply , except that everyone must work harder to keep that cash flowing .
What I now realize is that the entire economic system is based upon finding more risk .
Without more risk in which to invest , the economy can’t keep moving .
In other words , this was n’t a series of calamities or errors or criminal mistakes — it is the market at work , no more , no less .
And that is not going to change .
What I thought I knew is not really so .
I thought a bigger banking sector was not just more mysterious but was somehow more efficient and therefore safer ; after all , health insurance works best if the risks are spread across larger and larger groups .
Yet in reality finance is more like a vast Ponzi scheme .
We should , in fact , let Mr. Madoff out of jail , as he was doing nothing particularly wrong — his only crime was that he was n’t being clever enough in hiding his scheme in sufficiently obscure mathematics .
What happens to the cities , towns and suburbs left devasted by the financial schemers ?
As James Surowiecki recently observed in the New Yorker , “ banking grew bigger and more profitable but all we got in exchange was acres of empty houses in Phoenix . ”
So ?
Is n’t that a small price to pay ?
Given a choice , what would we rather have : a buoyant capital market and a few distant suburbs and downtown condos without any residents , or what we have today in some cities — double digit unemployment ?
There are real policy issues at work here .
We were taught years ago , by the Marxists no less , that the purpose of a capitalist economy is to reproduce itself and the purpose of governments is to make sure that happens .
So we make credit available to people ; first to buy Model Ts , then to live in Levittown , then to play golf in Cancun , and so forth .
And for this to work there has to be more risk in which to invest , an endless supply of new things .
Housing has served us well in this regard ; people live in condos and McMansions , people sell them , people build them , people manufacture the fixtures and fittings .
This is how the growth machine , particularly in places like Phoenix , works .
An economy like Phoenix is like a shark – it ca n’t stop , it ca n’t even run slow .
We have to find more buyers — or perhaps we just build the homes now and fill them in the future when the population increases .
Or , in line with a previous posting , we should have solved the immigration problem , and the need to sell more homes , by legalizing the Latino population and making them creditworthy .
In this sense , maybe all this focus on the Valley ’s 65,000 foreclosures is a mistake .
As I argued last year , perhaps they should just be turned over to rentals and let the market sort it all out ; predictably , rents are now coming down in apartment complexes as more families find affordable homes to rent .
What we need is not to stop the market from repairing itself but we need to do it in a more creative way .
Some of those suburbs are looking a bit down at heel , and the homes were n’t that sturdy to begin with — so let ’s bulldoze them and do some serious brownfield redevelopment .
Perhaps build them right , more sustainably , and less dependent on distant employment centers
We can all get back to work , we can all feel virtuous as no new desert is being bladed , the infrastructure is already paid for , the journey to work costs will be less , the density perhaps a little higher with more jobs , offices and retail located closer to the houses .
This approach will let us build more homes and get some more risk back into that market .
Let ’s repurpose the land .
Then we can go back to business as usual , and if I was a betting man , that ’s exactly what we are going to do .
Andrew Kirby is the editor of the interdisciplinary Elsevier journal “ Cities .
” This is his 20th year as a resident of Arizona .
Short - haired bumblebee first transported on lamb boats makes return trip to Britain to stem decline in species vital for pollination
A bumblebee which died out in the UK , but survived in New Zealand after being shipped there more than 100 years ago , is to be reintroduced here under plans announced today .
Small populations of the short - haired bumblebee were established on the South Island of New Zealand after being transported there on the first refrigerated lamb boats in the late 19th century to pollinate crops of red clover .
The bees will not suffer from jet lag as they will be in hibernation when they are transported on planes in cool boxes , according to Natural England .
The short - haired bumblebee became extinct in this country in 2000 , but the populations on the other side of the world have clung on — although conservationists say they are unprotected and under threat .
Now Natural England , along with the Bumblebee Conservation Trust ( BBCT ) , the RSPB and bee research charity Hymettus , have launched a scheme to bring the species home .
Poul Christensen , Natural England 's acting chairman , said : " Bumblebees are suffering unprecedented international declines and drastic action is required to aid their recovery .
" Bumblebees play a key role in maintaining food supplies — we rely on their ability to pollinate crops and we have to do all we can to provide suitable habitat and to sustain the diversity of bee species .
" This international rescue mission has two aims — to restore habitat in England , thereby giving existing bees a boost ; and to bring the short - haired bumblebee home where it can be protected . "
Insects will be collected in New Zealand and a captive breeding plan established , with a view to releases of the bees from 2010 at Dungeness , Kent , where they were last seen .
The scheme 's project officer Dr Nikki Gammans said the bumblebee was a " keystone species " which was vital for ecosystems and were key to pollinating around 80 % of important crops here .
And she said : " By creating the right habitat for these bumblebees , we are recreating wildflower habitat that has been lost , which will be good for butterflies , water voles and nesting birds . "
Gammans said the main reason for the declinein bumblebee species in the UK , where many are under threat and several are " on the brink " , was the destruction of habitat and wildflowers .
" Over the last 60 years , we 've lost 98 % of our wildflower meadows , " she said .
" Since the Second World War , grants were given to farmers to dig up the countryside and use more intensive methods such as pesticides , which has dramatically affected bumblebees . "
But using agri-environmental schemes which reward farmers for taking bee - friendly measures such as leaving wildflower strips at the side of crop fields and grazing land less intensively , it is hoped the species can make a comeback .
Gammans said she had received a fantastic response from local farmers in Romney Marsh , near Dungeness , who recognised the value of the bumblebee as a key pollinator of crops .
The RSPB reserve at Dungeness , one of the last remaining areas where the short - haired bumblebee existed before extinction , had lots of native wildflowers and been managed for red clover which is " fantastic " for bees .
Gammans has already been over to New Zealand to collect some bees which are now at London Zoo being assessed for the risk they may bring back diseases .
She plans to return to the other side of the world in December and collect as many as 50 to 100 bees , which can be used in a captive breeding programme to support multiple releases of the species back in England over several years .
It is hoped the reintroduced bees will not go the way of those which disappeared from this country , because of the efforts to restore habitat on farms in the South East and on the reserve at Dungeness .
Malcolm Ausden , an ecology adviser at the RSPB , said that as the reserve was the last place the short - haired bumblebee was seen — in 1988 , before being declared extinct in 2000 — it was fitting there should be attempts to reintroduce it there now .
And he said : " The site is a haven for bumblebees and a huge amount of work has been done to improve the site for them and encourage the flowering plants they love . "
" I paid $ 800 to get my job , " says Ahmed Abdul , a technician working for Karada municipality in Baghdad .
" People know this is wrong , but there is no way round it . "
In Iraq corruption is pervasive at every level .
" Corruption exists all over the world but is at its worst here , " laments Ateej Saleh Midhat , a 26 - year - old employee of the state - owned Rafidain Bank .
" In 2008 and 2009 it was difficult for any graduate to have a job without paying $ 500 [ £ 300 ] to $ 1,500 according to what kind of job it was .
But what about the people who cannot afford to pay ? "
Iraq is the world 's premier kleptomaniac state .
According to Transparency International , the only countries deemed more crooked than Iraq are Somalia and Burma , while Haiti and Afghanistan rank just behind .
In contrast to Iraq , which enjoys significant oil revenues , none of these countries has much money to steal .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Iraqis resent paying a bribe for almost everything , but do not see what they can do about it .
Nor will they believe that the government is serious in its claim to be clamping down on corruption until senior officials are punished .
The first sign that this might be beginning to happen came last month when the former minister of trade , Abdul Falah al - Sudani , was arrested after the plane on which he was travelling to Dubai was dramatically turned round in mid-air and ordered to return to Baghdad .
The trade ministry is known to Iraqis as " the ministry of corruption " because it runs the $ 6bn food rationing system , which gives endless opportunities for profiting by taking bribes from suppliers or sending tainted goods to the shops .
The trade ministry scandal had already become very public when Mr Sudani 's guards shot it out at the ministry headquarters with police come to arrest 10 officials , who were able to escape through a back entrance during the gun battle .
A video circulated from phone to phone in Baghdad shows trade ministry officials cavorting with prostitutes at a party .
The corruption most Iraqis run into is at a humbler level and usually means that the smallest bureaucratic hurdle can be overcome only with a bribe .
Several years ago the government starting issuing special passports , which were supposedly more secure than before .
But since the easiest way to obtain one is through a bribe , in which case few questions are asked , the new passports are even more insecure than their predecessors .
The same is true of other identity documents .
If a bribe is not paid to facilitate such transactions , officials subject their victim to bureaucratic harassment until he or she pays up .
It is not just that Iraqis object to paying off officials ; they are not sure they will get what they pay for .
Laila Fadel
Amr is a young housewife who graduated from a teacher training institute in 2005 , but has never held a job since .
" I did n't want to join any of the Islamic parties , " she says .
" And I did n't want to pay my money for a job and then find that promises were not kept . "
If a job is obtained , the bribe - giver has to start taking backhanders to pay back money borrowed for the original bribe .
Iraq has offered extraordinary opportunities for fraud since the fall of Saddam Hussein .
War diverted attention from theft and made it difficult to monitor what was really going on .
In one notorious case in 2004 - 05 , the government allocated $ 1.3 bn for weapons purchases .
These were carried out by the then head of military procurement , Ziyad Cattan , a Polish - Iraqi who had once run a pizza parlour outside Bonn .
The minister of defence was Hazem al - Shalaan , who had been involved in property in a small way in London in the 1990s .
Little equipment was ever received by the Iraqi military aside from some Soviet helicopters too antique to fly and second - hand vehicles deemed obsolete by the Pakistani army .
The height of the violence in Iraq in 2004 - 07 made it highly dangerous to check if goods paid for by the government had ever been delivered or even existed .
One instance now being investigated concerns $ 600 m in food rations supposedly sent to Anbar and other Sunni provinces when they were part - controlled by the insurgents .
They may never have reached shops to be distributed to needy customers .
Iraq was not always uniquely corrupt .
Its 1970s administration was probably more efficient and honest than that in most oil - producing countries : the aftermath of the invasion of Kuwait in 1990 criminalised Iraqi society .
UN sanctions imposed a tight economic siege and were designed to keep oil revenue out of the hands of the ruling elite .
Extended over 13 years they destroyed society and the economy .
The government had no money to pay its employees .
The currency collapsed .
A university professor suddenly found he was paid the equivalent of $ 5 a month and was not allowed to resign from government service .
One I knew called Jawad succeeded in retiring only by faking a heart attack and paying off doctors to produce charts showing he was about to expire .
Since they were not paid by the government , state employees simply charged the public for any services they provided .
Though officials are now quite well paid , this system still goes on .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Saddam Hussein and his lieutenants quickly found ways of evading sanctions by controlling the black market .
Uday , Saddam 's eldest son , was paid millions of dollars by cigarette importers .
Russian oil brokers kicked back on contracts they were awarded , so money went to the government in Baghdad and not to the UN as it was meant to under the oil - for - food programme .
The men who had orchestrated these black market deals quickly established the same sort of corrupt relationship with post - Saddam governments .
As Iraq was impoverished by sanctions street robberies and burglaries became common .
In a country which had had little civil crime , taxi drivers began carrying pistols .
To stem criminal violence the government started amputating the ears and hands of thieves and televising the gory results .
By 2003 millions of impoverished Iraqis would do anything for a living .
With the fall of Baghdad they had their opportunity .
The beneficiaries of the looting of Iraq were nicknamed al - hawasim – " the finalists " – a joking reference to Saddam 's boast that the US invasion would see " the final battle " .
They stole and , since they viewed the US - installed Iraqi government as illegitimate and an American puppet , they thought they were right to steal .
This attitude has not died away .
As violence ebbed from its 2006 - 07 high point , Iraqis have become more resentful at corruption and theft .
They know that many officials and politicians own luxury villas in Jordan and Egypt .
Reconstruction is painfully slow as money allocated to it vanishes .
Many families react to a relative being imprisoned by immediately finding out how much they have to pay to get him freed .
Political parties use ministries they control as a source of plunder and patronage .
Even the best connected have to pay .
The relative of one man , a life - long opponent of Saddam Hussein , was shot and badly wounded this year .
The man knew everybody in the top ranks of government and was promised a prompt investigation .
He had a strong suspicion about who might have carried out the attempted assassination , but found the police and judges involved were moving very slowly .
He suspected some conspiracy by his political enemies and consulted his lawyer , who laughed at his suspicions .
" No , there is a simpler reason why the police and the judge are n't doing anything to find the gunmen , " the lawyer said .
" They are waiting for you to bribe them before they start their investigation . "
Peace plan : Milestones on the road ahead
2009
29 June Energy giants , including BP , ExxonMobil and Total , expected to bid for contracts to develop oil and gas fields
30 June Deadline by which US troops must withdraw from cities and towns in Iraq
25 July Elections to be held in the Kurdish provinces of Iraq , delayed from Oct 2008
31 July Deadline for remaining British troops to leave Iraq , although some military advisers likely to remain
1 August Date on which the Iraq war inquiry may begin
7 August United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq ( Unami ) expires , unless extended
3 October Public holiday to celebrate National Iraqi Day , held for the first time in 2008 after the Iraqi government replaced all holidays that had connotations with Saddam Hussein 's rule
2010
30 January Elections due to be held for Iraq 's 275 - seat Council of Representatives
1 April 16,000 US Marines expected to leave Iraq in spring 2010
2011
31 December Deadline by which all US forces should leave Iraq , under the terms of the US - Iraqi security agreement
Jonathan Owen
Even if your cable package went out last night , you 've probably heard about the rather tepid debut of " Joe Buck Live . "
Tepid , until Howard Stern joke monkey Artie Lange destroyed everything Joe Buck holds dear on live television .
After the show went off the digital airwaves , there was another online - only portion that takes the vitriol up a notch .
That 's what you 're watching in the above video .
Joe does everything he can not leap across the table strangle Artie with his bare hands .
Advertisement
Joe realized almost immediately that the project he has spent half a year developing went completely off the rails and is about to hit a tree and explode .
I do n't know what he ( or his talent bookers ) expected Artie Lange to do , but they got what they paid for .
Artie launched right into the homo jokes and never looked back , flustering Joe at every turn and driving the final segment into the ground .
Things could n't have gone worse .
More on the fallout , throughout the day .
Your First Episode Of " Joe Buck Live " In Ten Minutes Or Less [ Awful Announcing ]
PRAGUE  Pavel remembers the violent night sweats two days before the murder .
He went to see a family doctor , who said they would go away .
But after viewing a Bruce Lee martial arts film , he said , he felt uncontrollable sexual desires .
He invited a 12 - year - old neighbor home .
Then he stabbed the boy repeatedly .
His psychiatrist says Pavel derived his sexual pleasure from the violence .
More than 20 years have passed .
Pavel , then 18 , spent seven years in prison and five years in a psychiatric institution .
During his last year in prison , he asked to be surgically castrated .
Having his testicles removed , he said , was like draining the gasoline from a car hard - wired to crash .
A large , dough - faced man , he is sterile and has forsaken marriage , romantic relationships and sex , he said .
His life revolves around a Catholic charity , where he is a gardener .
“ I can finally live knowing that I am no harm to anybody , ” he said during an interview at a McDonald ’s here , as children played loudly nearby .
“ I am living a productive life .
I want to tell people that there is help . ”
He refused to give his last name for fear of being hounded .
Whether castration can help rehabilitate violent sex offenders has come under new scrutiny after the Council of Europe ’s anti-torture committee last month called surgical castration “ invasive , irreversible and mutilating ” and demanded that the Czech Republic stop offering the procedure to violent sex offenders .
Other critics said that castration threatened to lead society down a dangerous road toward eugenics .
WASHINGTON  President Obama is well known for bold proposals that have raised expectations , but his administration has shown a tendency for compromise and caution , and even a willingness to capitulate on some early initiatives .
It was inevitable that Mr. Obama ’s lofty pledge to change the ways of Washington would crash into the realities of governing , including lawmakers anxious to protect their constituents and an army of special - interest lobbyists .
Mr. Obama has not conceded on any major priority .
His advisers argue that the concessions to date  on budget items , for instance  are intended to help win the bigger policy fights ahead .
But his early willingness to deal or fold has left commentators , and some loyal Democrats , wondering : where ’s the fight ?
“ The thing we still do n’t know about him is what he is willing to fight for , ” said Leonard Burman , an economist at the Urban Institute and a Treasury Department official in the Clinton administration .
“ The thing I worry about is that he likes giving good speeches , he likes the adulation and he likes to make people happy . ”
To determine if the verdict in the Pirate Bay trial was affected by bias , the connections of Judge Tomas Norström to national and international pro-copyright lobby groups have been reviewed by the Appeal Court .
Their ' no bias ' ruling can't be appealed which means that there will not be a retrial , instead the verdict in the Pirate Bay trial will be appealed .
A few days after the verdict in the Pirate Bay trial was made public , judge Tomas Norström was heavily criticized for his involvement with pro-copyright lobby groups .
To everyone ’s surprise , Norström never declared these activities before he took on the case .
Together with several of the lawyers who represented the movie and music industries , the judge was a member of the Swedish Association of copyright ( SFU ) and the Swedish Association for Protection of Industrial Property ( SFIR ) .
These engagements automatically make him a member of two major international pro-copyright organizations , ALAI and AIPPI .
Because of these connections the lawyers of the Pirate Bay defendants called for a retrial , arguing that the judge was not as objective as he should ’ve been .
One of the defendants , The Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak at the time : “ In the best interest of the Swedish people ’s trust in the system a retrial should be not only granted , but pushed for . ”
Today , the Appeal Court ruled that Tomas Norström was not biased .
Although he was indeed a member of organizations that preserve the interests of copyright holders , this has not influenced his judgment , the court ruled .
The Appeal Court argues that the judge ’s membership in the copyright associations show an engagement in issues “ that to a certain extent is in the interest of the rights holders ” .
The Appeal Court added that it must be taken into account that the rights of rights holders are recognized by Swedish law .
“ That a judge agrees with the principles that are fundamental to this law cannot in itself be a reason for bias , ” the court said .
Nevertheless , the court criticized the judge for not being open about his engagement in the associations before the trial .
If he had done so , the question of bias then could have been tried earlier , they said .
Jonas Nilsson , the lawyer of Pirate Bay co-founder Fredrik Neij , is not happy with the decision and he said in a response :
“ The judge has an obligation to inform the parties about circumstances that could be seen as bias .
Since he did n’t do that , it ’s a mishandled trial .
I ’m very critical about the appeal court ’s reasoning . ”
The Pirate Party ’s EU parliamentarian Christian Engström is also surprised and angry with the decision : “ It is all part of a pattern .
It shows that the Swedish judicial system cannot be trusted in copyright cases anymore .
The laws may be wrong as well , but in addition to them the courts ca n’t even use the laws in a correct way .
I have been a lay judge for seven years and I have never seen such a bad case as the Pirate Bay case .
And still the court sentenced to unbelievable punishments . ”
Engström believes the appeal court ’s verdict is positive for the Pirate Party .
“ This shows that the only way to win the fight is through politics .
It ’s a political issue and it will be settled in the national elections 2010 , ” he said .
The verdict in the Pirate Bay trial where the four defendants were sentenced to one year in prison and a combined fine of $ 3,620,000 will now be appealed through the normal route .
I am a Muslim woman and , like my late mother , free , independent , sensuous , educated , liberal , contrary and confrontational when provoked , both feminine and feminist .
I style and colour my hair , wear lovely things and perfumes , appear on public platforms with men who are not related to me , shake their hands , embrace some I know well , take care of my family .
I defend Muslims persecuted by their enemies and their own kith and kin .
I pray , fast , give to charity and try to be a decent human being .
I also drink wine and do not lie about that , unlike so many other " good " Muslims .
I am the kind of Muslim woman who maddens reactionary Muslim men and their asinine female followers .
What a badge of honour .
Female oppression in Islamic countries is manifestly getting worse .
Islam , as practiced by millions today , has lost its compassion and integrity and is entering one of the darkest of dark ages .
Here is this month 's short list of unbearable stories ( imagine how many more there are which will never be known ) :
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Iranian painter Delara Darabi , only 22 and in prison since she was 17 , accused of murdering an elderly relative , was hanged last week even though she had been given a temporary stay of execution by the chief justice of the country .
She phoned her mother on the day of her hanging to beg for help and the phone was snatched by a prison official who told them :
" We will easily execute your daughter and there 's nothing you can do about it . "
Her paintings reveal the cruelty to which she was subjected .
Meanwhile Roxana Saberi , a 32 - year - old broadcast journalist whose father is Iranian , is incarcerated in Tehran 's Evin prison , accused of spying for the US .
She denies this and says she has been framed because she was seen buying a bottle of wine .
This intelligent , beautiful and defiant woman is on hunger strike .
Over in Saudi Arabia , an eight - year - old child has just divorced a 50 - year - old man .
Her father , no doubt a very devout man , sold his daughter for about £ 9,000 .
I have been reading Disfigured , the story of Rania Al - Baz , a Saudi TV anchor , the first woman to have such a job , who was so badly beaten up by her abusive husband that she had to have 13 operations to re-make her once gorgeous face .
Domestic violence destroys females in all countries , but in Muslim states , it is validated by laws and values .
As Al - Baz writes , " It is appalling to realise that a woman cannot walk down the street without men staring at her openly .
For them she is nothing but a body without a mind , something that moves and does not think .
Women are banned from studying law , from civil engineering and from the sacrosanct area of oil . "
Small optimistic signs do periodically appear in this harsh desert , says Quanta A Ahmed , a doctor who worked in Saudi Arabia and then wrote her account , In the Land of Invisible Women .
She describes the love she finds between some husbands and wives , idealists who think better rights will come one day .
That faith in the future is echoed by Norah al - Faiz , the Deputy Minister for Women 's Education , chosen in this week 's
Time magazine list of the world 's most influential people .
They hope because they must , I guess , even though they can see the brute forces lining up on the horizon ready to crush them by any means necessary .
This country has spread its anti-female Wahabi Islam across the globe , its second most important export after oil .
In Afghanistan Ayman Udas was a singer and songwriter who wore lipstick and appeared on TV , defying her family .
She was a divorced mother of two who had remarried .
Ten days after this she was shot dead , allegedly by her brothers , who must think they are upright moral upholders with places reserved in paradise .
In March President Karzai gave monstrous tribal leaders what they demanded , absolute control over wives by husbands and the right to rape them on the marital bed .
Protests by brave women in that country and international outrage has forced him to step back from this commitment but there is concern that he is too weak to hold out , and once again women will become the personal and political playthings of men .
Let 's to Pakistan then shall we , the country that once elected a woman head of state .
The divinely beautiful Swat Valley has , for reasons of political expediency , been handed over to the Taliban , and there they have blown up over a hundred schools for girls and regularly flog young females on the streets .
The girls are shrouded and forbidden to scream because the female voice has the potential to arouse desire .
Or pity perhaps .
I am aware that my words will help confirm the pernicious prejudices that fester in the minds of those who despise Islam .
Yet to conceal or excuse the violations would be to condone and encourage them .
There have been enlightened times when some Muslim civilisations honoured and cherished females .
This is not one of them .
Across the West – for a host of reasons – millions of Muslims are embracing backward practices .
In the UK young girls – some so young that they are still in push chairs – are covered up in hijabs .
Disgracefully , there are always vocal Muslim women who seek to justify honour killings , forced marriages , inequality , polygamy and childhood betrothals .
Why are large numbers of Muslim men so terrorised by the female body and spirit ?
Why do Muslim women encourage this savage paranoia ?
I look out of my study at the common and see a wife fully burkaed on a sunny day .
She sits still .
Her children and husband run around , laughing , playing cricket .
She sits still , dead , buried , a ghost .
She is complicit in her own degradation , as are countless others .
Their acquiescence in a free democracy is a crime against their sisters who have no such choices in Saudi Arabia , Iran , Afghanistan and elsewhere .
Al - Baz says : " I am a disruptive presence because I give women ideas . "
Me too .
To transgress against diehard obscurantists and their unholy rules is an inescapable sacred duty .
Yet how pathetic that sounds .
Progressive believers tilt at windmills driven by ferocious winds of self - righteousness .
Our arms and legs weaken and we are brought to our knees .
I fear there is only worse to come .
y.alibhaibrown@independent.co.uk
Details of the evidence against Ms Saberi have not been made public A court in Iran has cut US - Iranian reporter Roxana Saberi 's jail sentence to two years suspended , and will free her later on Monday , her lawyer says .
The court heard Ms Saberi 's appeal against her original eight - year prison sentence on Sunday , after an international outcry .
She will be able to leave the country but has been banned from working as a journalist in Iran for five years .
Ms Saberi was convicted of spying for the US in April but denies the charge .
The case sparked international attention and protests calling for her to be released .
US President Barack Obama was among those who appealed on her behalf .
Washington has no diplomatic ties with Tehran , but said contact was made through Swiss intermediaries to determine whether Ms Saberi was being treated well .
There was also concern from within Iran : film director Bahman Ghobadi , whose work has won prizes in Cannes and Berlin , said Ms Saberi was a victim of Iran 's " political games " .
Her father Reza expressed joy at the ruling and said he and his wife Akiko were on the way to collect Roxana Saberi from the jail , describing her as " practically free " .
ROXANA SABERI'S DETENTION January 2009 - Arrested for buying a bottle of wine Later charged with working illegally as a journalist 8 April - accused of spying 18 April - sentenced to eight years in jail 20 April - goes on hunger strike for two weeks 10 May - appeal heard
Profile : Roxana Saberi
" We are very happy , " he said , quoted by AFP news agency .
" We heard the news half an hour ago , we are going to Evin prison to take her home . "
" Her sentence was cut down to two years with five years suspense [ suspended ] , so after five years if ... nothing [ else has ] happened those two years will be forgiven . "
One report quoted a judicial source as saying she had already been allowed to leave .
The five - hour appeal was far longer than the original trial - and before it began Ms Saberi was allowed a half - hour meeting with her lawyer , Abdolsamad Khorramshahi .
Other accounts of the hearing said Ms Saberi - looking a little bewildered - had visibly lost weight from the two - week hunger strike that she only recently ended .
Details of the evidence against her have still not been made public , and it is not clear why the hearing was brought forward .
Unlike her original trial , the legal process this time was arranged to appear fair and open , says the BBC's Jon Leyne .
Ms Saberi 's appeal was heard before a panel of three judges , with representatives of the Iranian Bar Association present .
They ruled that her case should be considered under a different section of Iran 's criminal code , effectively freeing her on legal grounds .
Whether that decision came about as a result of political pressure behind the scenes might never be known , our correspondent adds .
Closed trial Ms Saberi has been held in Tehran 's Evin prison since her arrest in January .
The journalist originally faced a less serious accusation of buying alcohol , and later of working as a reporter without a valid press card .
The spying charge was introduced soon afterwards , and she was tried and sentenced behind closed doors by the Revolutionary Court in Tehran .
Ms Saberi , who holds dual US and Iranian citizenship , has spent six years in Iran studying and writing a book .
She has worked as a freelance journalist for news organisations including the BBC and the US - based National Public Radio .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" LOOK MOM NO ELECTRICITY . "
That was the first message conveyed by a rudimentary new communication system that researchers are calling the " infofuse . "
In a new study , researchers printed patterns of three different flammable metallic salts on a nitrocellulose fuse and then set the fuse on fire .
As it burned , it emitted pulses of different colored light that can be interpreted with a Morse code system .
In the study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers explain that they
developed a code for the alphabet , numbers and four special characters ( a full - stop , comma , exclamation mark and the " @ " sign ) based on the presence or absence of one of the three metals in each dot .
Extra coding information comes from the length of the dot , which determines the duration with which it burns , and the space between dots , where no colour is produced [ New Scientist ] .
They placed dots of the three metals -- lithium , rubidium , and caesium -- on the paper using an ordinary ink - jet printer .
When the infofuse was set alight , its precise patterns were " read " by an optical detector .
The researchers developed the infofuses in response to a call from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) for technologies to allow soldiers stranded without a power source to communicate .
DARPA wanted " something that does n't require any electronics or heavy equipment to lug around " [ Technology Review ] ,
says study coauthor David Walt .
But it 's not just military types who could find a use for the infofuses ; they could come in handy in all sorts of emergencies , says study coauthor Samuel Thomas .
" We think it could be of use as a type of signal flare ....
When people are stranded , regular flares only give you a couple of options : ' I 'm in trouble ' ; ' I 'm OK ' , " says Thomas .
" Infofuses could be used to transmit a more informative message such as , ' How many people are there ? ' and ' We are hurt ' " [ New Scientist ] .
Image : George Whitesides
Mir Hossein Mousavi has not been seen in public for days Iran protest leader Mir Hossein Mousavi says he holds those behind alleged " rigged " elections responsible for bloodshed during recent protests .
In a defiant statement on his website , he called for future protests to be in a way which would not " create tension . "
He complained of " complete " restrictions on his access to people and a crackdown on his media group .
A BBC correspondent in Tehran says the statement is a direct challenge to Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei .
In another development on Thursday , Iranian state media said that eight members of the pro-government Basij militia had been killed and dozens more wounded in the protests .
The eight deaths were in addition to 17 other people whose deaths have already been reported .
The figures cannot be verified due to severe reporting restrictions inside Iran .
" I wo n't refrain from securing the rights of the Iranian people ... because of personal interests and the fear of threats , " Mr Mousavi said on the website of his newspaper , Kalameh .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne
BBC News
There are signs the government is beginning to regain control .
Wednesday appears to have had the least protests of any day since the result was announced .
But any idea that the opposition is about to go gently is probably an illusion .
This is an argument within Iran about the future of the country .
The two sides have deeply differing views on how Iran should be run , and its place in the world .
And neither is about to give ground .
Iran poll row set to rage on Doctor tells of Neda 's death Iranian views : critical times
Those who violated the election process " stood beside the main instigators of the recent riots and shed people 's blood on the ground " , Mr Mousavi said , pledging to show how they were involved .
Mr Mousavi , a former prime minister , spoke of the " recent pressures on me " that are " aimed at making me change my position regarding the annulment of the election " .
He described the clampdowns he and his staff were facing .
" My access to people is completely restricted .
Our two websites have many problems and Kalameh Sabz newspaper has been closed down and its editorial members have been arrested , " said Mr Mousavi , who has not been seen in public for days .
" These by no means contribute to improving the national atmosphere and will lead us towards a more violent atmosphere , " he added .
Day of mourning Opposition leaders had called for a day of mourning on Thursday , but some reports say it has been cancelled .
Separately , nearly two thirds of MPs appear to have stayed away from President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election victory party .
All 290 MPs were invited to attend the party , Iran 's press reports , but only 105 turned up .
An earlier BBC report wrongly reported that 105 did not attend .
One of those who reportedly failed to turn up was Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani , a high - profile figure who shares some of Mr Ahmadinejad 's hardline views but has been critical of some aspects of the government 's handling of the protests .
About 50 MPs are reformist and would not have been expected to attend the victory party .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled on grounds of electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled
Who 's who in Iran Iran : Send your questions
But the high number of MPs who stayed away is another indication that the disputed election has split the nation , says the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran .
President Ahmadinejad on Thursday criticised US President Barack Obama for his condemnation earlier this week of the violence in Iran .
" Our question is why he fell into this trap and said things that previously [ former US President George W ] Bush used to say , " he was quoted by the semi-official Fars news agency as saying .
The Guardian Council , which supervises elections , has already said it will not re-run the election .
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated on Wednesday that he would " not yield " over the election result .
Arrests Hundreds of opposition protesters and activists are believed to have been taken into custody and at least 17 protesters have died in the unrest since the election .
The Iranian government has set up special courts to deal with those arrested and has threatened harsh sentences .
Mr Mousavi 's website reported on Thursday that 70 academics who visited the opposition leader on Wednesday had been arrested .
It was not clear where they had been taken .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Wednesday 's street protest was smaller than on previous days , as an increasingly heavy security presence took effect .
But there were reports of riot police firing tear gas , shooting in the air and beating demonstrators with batons .
Severe reporting restrictions imposed on foreign media in Iran mean the BBC cannot verify the reports .
Tehran has blamed foreign governments for inspiring the protests , but some Western countries are continuing to criticise its handling of the crisis .
" We stand beside you , " said German Chancellor Angela Merkel , referring to " all in Iran who seek to demonstrate peacefully " .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband told the BBC there is a " crisis of credibility between the Iranian government and their own people " .
The Italian government said it hoped Thursday 's meeting of Group of Eight foreign ministers would send a " tough " message to Tehran .
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
Are you taking part in demonstrations ?
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I surround myself with technology the same way that some people surround themselves with friends .
And just as we might have that one friend who , without even trying , can be somewhat irritating , certain technology I encounter every day can have that very same effect .
In some cases , I can even grow to hate it .
I usually try to ignore these tech mites and move on , but sometimes the stress is too much , and I need to let off a little steam .
This column and list is my own Old Faithful jet of tech acrimony .
Ringtones
I struggle to understand why anyone would want their phone to warble , " Don'cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me ? " in the middle of a crowded train , or why they 'd want Michael Bolton to plaintively cry , " How am I supposed to live without you ? " while they 're in the bathroom .
Yet , people do .
People love personalizing their mobile phone ringtones .
They even customize sound rings .
( My son created one where each call is accompanied by the phone crying out in pain .
Do n't ask . )
The worst part is that the crummiest songs are often the loudest .
Wait , I take that back .
That 's not the worst part .
What really gets me is that these people do n't answer their phones right away .
So that Michael Bolton ringtone can get all the way to , " now that I 've been loving you soooo long ? " before they actually answer the call .
Please , people , ca n't we just return to good old - fashioned rings ?
I 've heard a few iPhones that ring just like phones from the 1960s .
That 's something I can live with .
Earbuds
Audio analyst Tim Gideon rarely spares a harsh word when it comes to earbuds :
They 're the in - ear headphones that usually have either a thin rubber ring on the outside edge or are completely covered with foam .
Our resident audiophile says that they routinely sound awful .
For me , they usually sound okay , but my hearing is n't all that good anyway .
Here 's why I hate them , though :
They never , ever , ever ( did I mention never ? ) stay in my ears .
I think my ears are pretty average ; there 's nothing remarkable about the shape or size of them .
In fact , I think I could be an ear model if you like the hanging earlobe type .
Still , whatever pair of earbuds I use consistently slip out of my ears .
The second major issue I have with earbuds is that when they 're not slipping out of my ears , I 'm accidentally yanking them out .
The two earphone wires , which meet in a " V " somewhere below my first shirt button , invariably get caught on something .
Oh , and they always do this when I 've finally gotten my earbuds to stay in my ears .
This means I catch and then painfully yank them off my head .
These things should be banned .
RPTVs and RPTV Tech
While virtually all companies that have been producing rear - projection TVs have exited the business , I still find a few for sale at consumer electronic stores .
Perhaps these are inventory remnants .
Still , the models are new , and the salespeople are insistent that these RPTVs are thinner and better than ever .
Right .
They 're still at least four times as thick as the fattest plasma or LCD HDTV , and they will never achieve their viewing - angle ranges , even with LCD technology .
HDTVs are now big enough and cheap enough for everyone .
No one should buy an RPTV ever again .
3D VR Glasses
When movies come out in 3D , I still go to see them in standard mode .
As an eyeglass wearer , putting another set of lenses over my own glasses turns me into that kid who was called " four eyes " back in high school .
Putting on 3D goggles that give me a 3D view of a gaming environment or movie fed to me by a PC is even worse .
Also , it 's never worth the eyestrain I feel .
However , I 've seen people who are already intensely immersed play video games without any special visual technology .
3D goggles are useless gadgets that will never find their way into the mainstream .
If they do , you wo n't see them in my home .
And no , it 's not okay to call meor anyone else , for that matter " four eyes . "
Laptop Batteries
I just finished reading a review of a laptop that promises 8 hours of continuous battery life .
This is amazing and wonderful .
Users can now work in the airport and then the entire way on a cross-country flight .
And they wo n't have to worry about screen brightness or whether any of the system radios are on or whether the hard drive is spinning during the flight .
That should last them about 12 months , after which battery life will be cut in half .
Four hours is n't bad , mind you , but now they 'll have to be a lot more careful about their in - flight power consumption .
Six months after that , they 'll be down to 2 hours .
You know the rest of the story .
It 's one all of us have lived through with virtually every laptop we 've ever owned .
Rechargeable batteries lose performance faster than you can say , well , " performance . "
I 've had laptops with batteries that lasted for 3 hours , which 2 years into their lives , were down to 20 minutes of juice !
The really frustrating thing is that I know laptop manufacturers are working to optimize laptop battery life , but they seem to have little concern about longevity .
It 's time to build enough smarts into laptops to let them do all the battery rundowns and recharging in a way that doubles the true , usable battery lifespan .
Until that happens , I will continue to hate all laptop batteries .
Cell - Phone Cameras
Perhaps " hate " is too strong a word here , but I do have a severe dislike for cell - phone cameras .
Generally , photo quality is still average to bad .
They 're unbelievably slow .
Whenever I take a shot , I first try to hold the phone real steady since these cameras lack image stabilization .
Then I press the button , which almost always shakes the camera a tiny bit .
That 's okay , though , because I 'm still holding still .
But wait .
No , seriously , wait .
The camera has yet to take the shot .
There 's an unbearable delay because these stupid cameras are so slow .
I know that cell - phone cameras are getting better and more powerful all the time .
They 're even responsible for some truly historical shots ( ) , but those are the exceptions , not the rules .
I wonder if things would have worked out better if we had instead started with a digital camera and added in phone features .
Graphic Search Representations
Most of what Google has added to its Search in recent weeks has been welcome and useful .
The Options column , which you can hide and show at will , provides just enough control to help you get more out of Google 's increasingly cluttered search results .
But what 's with the Wonder Wheel ?
This graphical representation of your primary result and related topics is pointless .
I did a vanity search and it came back with DL.TV , Cranky Geeks , Ziff - Davis Publishing , Tech Podcasts , and software integration .
No PCMag.com ?
You can follow each connection in the Wonder Wheel , which then sprouts its own set of spokes .
I quickly lost my place .
I 've seen other tools like this before and can say , unequivocally , I never get anything out of them .
Please , Google , do n't waste our time with this stuff .
MicroSD Cards
Is n't it wonderful and kind of amazing that we can now buy 32 GB microSD cards ?
You slip them into your phone and you now have as much storage as the most expensive iPod touch .
Remarkably , these tiny cards are no bigger than the tip of an average - size pinky .
And that 's why I hate them .
The other day I was moving one from a Sansa Vue when I dropped it into my lap .
I stood up because I could n't see where I had dropped it , and then it was lost on my gray rug .
I crawled around for 15 minutes before I discovered it perilously close to one of the wheels of my desk chair .
Cell - phone manufacturers do n't help the situation .
For every conveniently placed microSD card slot , there 's another where you have to open the phone up and remove the battery to insert the card .
I 'm not sure I 'd even want to take the chance .
We 're well on our way to microscopic storage , and when that happens , I 'll probably never touch storage media again .
Business Laptop Speakers
I 'm glad laptops now have stereo speakers , and some manufacturers are even smart enough to put them on the keyboard side of the system .
( I remember a few that put them on the base , so you 'd have to put your head on the desk to actually hear anything . )
Sadly , most of these sound systems are still too low .
I can turn the volume up as high as I can , and it still sounds like the music is playing through a paper bag .
I get that not all laptops are like this , but I have never been impressed with even the best of laptop sound configurations .
Proprietary Power Jacks
Open any drawer in my home and you 'll find a half - dozen power supplies for various computing and consumer electronics products .
We have them for laptops , speakers , handheld gaming systems , cell phones , hard drives , rechargeable power tools , old cordless phones , you name it .
Unfortunately , most of these wall warts do not list the device that they work with .
If I 'm lucky , they feature the same manufacturer name as the parent component , but that is not always the case .
Sometimes , I 'll have two power supplies that both provide the exact same amount of voltage , but they 're still not interchangeable , because the ports and plugs are different shapes and sizes .
An entire industry has sprung up to address this problem , but power - supply adapters , like the iGo Juice universal power system , work only when you have the right port adapters .
Sometimes you do .
Sometimes you do n't .
Why is it that so many similar products need to have different voltages ?
Ca n't manufacturers build some sort of power cleaning and normalization scheme into the tiny motherboards ?
There must be a way , but they wo n't do it because it makes switching to a competitor 's product way too easy .
Proprietary Keyboards
I really do like my new BlackBerry 8310 , but I can't say I 'm enjoying learning a whole new set of typing metaphors .
It took me a day to learn that I could get a period not only by hitting " Alt " then the " M/ period " key , but by hitting the space bar twice at the end of a sentence .
That 's nice , but my old Treo 700 p let me simply type a period , which had its own key .
On the Treo , I could Caps - lock or Alt - lock by hitting each key twice .
I still have n't figured out how to do that on the BlackBerry .
It 's not that one way is necessarily better than the other , but why should anyone have to learn a different way ?
This is basic stuff that should be consistent by if I had my way law .
Sneaky Toolbars
A while back , I was looking for a good English - to - Klingon dictionary ( what , you 've never needed to know how to say " funny " in Klingon ?
It 's " tlhaQ , " by the way ) .
I found a great , free dictionary from a company called Babylon ( the company makes a bunch of translation software and free online dictionaries ) .
I installed the software , found the word I needed , and then moved on .
A bit later , I launched Internet Explorer and found that I had a new toolbar from Babylon .
I figured I must 've forgotten to uncheck that option on the install .
I uninstalled Babylon and the toolbar disappeared for a day .
Now , every fourth or fifth time I launch IE , the bar is back .
Worse yet , it unnervingly does n't respond to first clicks .
So I click once on the close " X " on the toolbar and nothing happens .
On the third click , a box appears asking if I want to remove the Babylon toolbar .
I click yes and nothing happensuntil the third click .
" Hate " is not a strong enough word for what I feel when this happens .
There you have it , my utterly incomplete list of tech I hate .
Why do n't you tell me about some of the tech that drives you crazy .
Come on , vent .
Trust me .
You 'll feel better .
Children need to get out and play real games , the head says Many children are living in a " prison - like environment " surrounded by technology , the chairman of the Independent Schools Association warns .
John Gibson says such experience does not prepare children for adult life and schools should challenge this .
Playing conkers and mending bikes helped children in later life , he told the ISA 's annual conference .
Recent research suggests five to 16 - year - olds are spending up to six hours a day online or watching television .
Mr Gibson , who is head of Stoke College in Suffolk , said " playing out " as a child and taking part in activities such as putting an oily chain back on a bike , or playing conkers , exposed children to emotions such as disappointment which would prepare them for adulthood .
In his speech to the conference , he said : " When your life is lived through images constructed by a technical genius from Silicon Valley played on a high definition screen I just feel it will be more difficult to experience those important rehearsals for adult life " .
' Comfortable '
He went on : " When William Wordsworth wrote 150 years ago that ' shades of the prison - house begin to close upon the growing boy ' I believed he was talking mainly about school .
" But today 's prison - house is just as likely to be the home , a seductive , comfortable prison for boys and girls whose nimble fingers are adept at working their mobiles and computer games , but have never used them to play conkers . "
He told ISA members - heads of independent schools in England and Wales - that they should offer children a diversity and excellence of experience to challenge the culture of technology in which they live outside school .
In doing so , they should always pay attention to assessing risk , while preparing children for the world they would grow up in , he added .
In a survey by Childwise research agency last autumn , 1,800 children were asked how much time they spent either watching television , on the internet or playing on games consoles .
The survey suggested the children were spending 2.7 hours a day on average watching television , 1.5 hours on the internet and 1.3 hours on games consoles .
A casualty of this amount of screen time had been reading , it suggested .
The children questioned were spending just over half an hour a day reading .
In particular , older boys were resistant to reading , with 42 % of 11 to 16 - year - olds saying they never read books for pleasure .
However playing sport still appeared to be a major part of young people 's lives , representing nearly five hours per week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON -- Documents unearthed by congressional investigators reveal disagreements among senior Federal Reserve officials about how to handle Bank of America Corp .'s acquisition of Merrill Lynch , fueling concern on Capitol Hill over giving the central bank even more power to regulate the financial system .
The glimpse inside the regulatory machinery provided by emails , memorandums and handwritten notes show a Fed that wrestled with how tough it should be on Bank of America , one of the biggest U.S. banks .
It also shows Fed ...
When Citigroup and Bank of America held their annual meetings last month , shareholders were in an understandably surly mood .
Even as the companies ’
C.E.O.s apologized for past failures and vowed to do better , shareholders blasted the executives for their incompetence , and talked about the need for dramatic change .
Yet , after all the venting and repenting was done , something weird happened : every member of each bank ’s board of directors was reëlected to office .
Christoph Niemann
This may seem odd , but it was all too predictable .
In the apportioning of blame for the financial crisis , corporate boards of directors have remained remarkably unscathed , even though they effectively approved the strategies that immolated so many companies .
At Citigroup , for instance , there have been plenty of calls for Vikram Pandit , who took over as C.E.O. long after most of the damage to the bank was done , to leave .
Yet Citi ’s board still includes ten of the individuals who presided over the company during its lengthy foray into toxic - asset land .
( And the record at Citi , where four board members did step down a couple of months ago , is actually better than at most big banks , where there has been next to no turnover . )
There are hopes that this situation may change , since the Obama Administration , as part of its stress test , required banks to “ review their existing management . ”
But so far , even as everyone rails against the banks ’ disastrous behavior , boards have not been punished for failing to stop it .
It was n’t supposed to be this way .
Over the past couple of decades , a tremendous amount of attention has been devoted to improving corporate boards .
New regulations , along with pressure from big investors , have forced companies to appoint more independent directors — people who have no direct connection to the company — and have tightened the definition of independence .
And companies themselves have tried to draw from a wider pool of candidates .
The result of these changes is that boards certainly look different : in 1950 , half of all directors were insiders .
Today , fewer than twenty per cent are .
Boards are also more demographically and professionally diverse .
And they ’re paid more sensibly : increasingly , directors are compensated with company stock , making it more likely that they ’ll look after shareholder interests .
All these changes , though , have had a much smaller impact than expected .
The academics Sanjai Bhagat and Bernard Black , for instance , have found no evidence that simply appointing more independent directors improves corporate performance .
And , while increasing diversity was , in theory , going to break up the old boys ’ club and make boards less deferential , the benefits have proved more elusive in reality .
James Westphal , a business professor at the University of Michigan , has found that professionally diverse boards are actually less likely to challenge the C.E.O .
One reason is that even “ independent ” directors are typically nominated not by shareholders but by the C.E.O. or by other board members , who , not surprisingly , tend to prefer directors who will be cheerleaders for the firm and wo n’t rock the boat .
It also does n’t help that independent directors are sometimes inexperienced , which makes it harder for them to take on management , or that they ’re often chosen for name recognition .
Why , for instance , is Tommy Franks on Bank of America ’s board ?
This does n’t mean that we should go back to the bad old days of boards made up of cronies and old white guys .
But changing the way boards look matters less than changing the way they act .
Directors are still part - time employees — the typical board meets just eight times a year — so it ’s hard for them to devote enough time to make a meaningful difference .
And they ’re paid both too much and , paradoxically , not enough : too much in the sense that a directorship is often a cushy gig , which no one wants to endanger by challenging the boss ; not enough in that their compensation is n’t sufficient for them to be hurt if the company flounders .
Directors still rely heavily on the C.E.O. for information , and do little independent digging — one recent survey found that half of them wished they had more information about company strategy .
And board meetings still tend to work the way Warren Buffett described them : collegiality trumps independence .
True , boards are more active than they were , and more willing to show underperforming C.E.O.s the door ( as happened at both Merrill Lynch and Citigroup ) .
But they often react too late , after the real damage has been done .
And the fact that boards see their chief job as hiring and firing the C.E.O. is a problem : shareholders need boards to prevent messes , not just clean up afterward .
Easier said than done , perhaps .
But there are ways to make boards proactive and more than nominally independent .
Investors need to be able to play a much bigger role in determining who ends up on boards , nominating candidates themselves , instead of choosing among the C.E.O. ’s picks .
( The S.E.C. is currently considering a proposal to make it easier for big shareholders to do this , which would be a good start . )
On top of that , it ’s time to revive an idea that was first floated by the corporate - law scholars Ronald Gilson and Reinier Kraakman , who proposed that big institutional investors create a cadre of full - time directors , people whose only job would be to sit on corporate boards and look after shareholder value .
Most board members , accomplished as they may be in their real jobs , are amateurs when it comes to being directors .
So it should n’t surprise us when they get buffaloed or pushed around by C.E.O.s , who are professionals .
Right now , boards are made up of moonlighters .
And , if the last few years have shown anything , it ’s that protecting shareholder interests is a full - time job . ♦
North Korea has been angered by tougher UN sanctions North Korea has threatened a " thousand - fold " military retaliation against the US and its allies if it is provoked .
The warning , carried by state media , came after US President Barack Obama said that a nuclear - armed North Korea posed a " grave threat " to the world .
At a news conference with South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , Mr Obama said the US would " vigorously " pursue an end to North Korea 's nuclear programme .
North Korea has recently conducted nuclear and missile tests .
" If the US and its followers infringe upon our republic 's sovereignty even a bit , our military and people will launch a one hundred - or one thousand - fold retaliation with merciless military strike , " said a commentary published by state news agency KCNA .
" The nuclear programme is not the monopoly of the US , " it said .
Money withdrawn
The commentary is the latest threat from Pyongyang as tensions in the region have escalated over its 25 May underground nuclear test and recent missile launches .
Japanese and South Korean media reported that there were signs of two long - range missile launch sites being readied - one on the north - west coast and the other on the north - east coast .
It was previously believed a launch might come from the north - west site , not far from the Chinese border .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
North Korea is also withdrawing funds from its bank accounts in the Chinese territory of Macau and elsewhere before they can be frozen by new UN sanctions , according to South Korea 's Dong -a Ilbo newspaper .
On 12 June the UN Security Council approved tougher sanctions against North Korea , including inspections of ships suspected of taking banned cargo to and from North Korea , a wider ban on arms sales and further measures to cut Pyongyang 's access to international financial services .
Following the resolution , the North said it would start enriching uranium and use all its plutonium for nuclear weapons .
Japan has taken action by banning all trade with North Korea .
Pyongyang 's main ally , China , said it would " earnestly implement " the new sanctions .
' Break cycle '
At a summit in Washington on Tuesday , Mr Obama said that he and his South Korean counterpart had agreed that a new UN resolution designed to halt North Korea 's nuclear ambitions should be fully enforced .
" Under no circumstance are we going to allow North Korea to possess nuclear weapons , " said Mr Lee .
And he pledged to end a cycle of letting North Korea create a crisis in order to be rewarded with concessions from the international community .
" This is a pattern they 've come to expect , " Mr Obama said .
" We are going to break that pattern . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PICHER , Oklahoma ( CNN ) --
Wearing powder blue pants and a plaid fedora , 84 - year - old Orval " Hoppy " Ray arrived fashionably late to a celebration in Picher , Oklahoma , a vacated mining town at the center of one of the nation 's largest and most polluted toxic - waste sites .
Hoppy Ray , 84 , was among the last people to leave the toxic town of Picher , Oklahoma .
more photos »
Former residents , bought out by the government because their town was deemed so dangerous , gathered in Picher 's elementary school to say farewell to a place where kids suffered lead poisoning , where homes built atop underground mines plunged into the Earth and where the local creek coughs up orange water , laced with heavy metals .
A toothpick dangling out of the corner of his chapped mouth , Ray greeted several old friends as if he were in any other small town in America .
" Hello there , Hoppy !
How the hell are ya ? " one called out .
Gray mountains of toxic gravel loomed behind the school , just out of sight , as Hoppy hobbled past a bundle of balloons and through the front doors , cane in hand .
He tipped his hat as he entered .
" Looks like a good crowd , " he said .
" Everybody seems to be havin ' a good time .
That 's the main thing . "
In a town this tragic and for a person as stubborn as Hoppy , that 's a big statement .
As his abandoned town fades to dust , Hoppy has gone into the business of memories .
He wants to remind townspeople , and the world , that a person 's home should always be loved -- no matter how toxic .
See Hoppy share memories of Picher »
* * * * *
Hoppy did n't understand what all of the fuss was about .
It was 2006 , and the federal government announced it would pay people to leave Picher and the Tar Creek Superfund Site , which is part of the government 's toxic - waste cleanup program .
A report had found that much of the area was at risk of collapsing into the extensive lead and zinc mines .
Timeline : How Picher became toxic »
The buyout plan was seen as a blessing by some scared families .
But not Hoppy .
Hoppy swore he would n't leave his hometown , that he would die before he'd leave Picher , even if his electricity and water were turned off .
He 'd grown up there , worked in the mines alongside his father -- and all three of his brothers .
But Picher was more than a place to make money .
It was a place of patriotism and purpose :
The metals they dug out of caves deep in the ground were processed and turned into bullets that armed U.S. soldiers in both world wars .
The wars ended , though , and so did the world 's interest in Picher .
By 1970 , the last mine shut down .
Hoppy 's family stayed .
They could n't leave a place that had threaded itself into their lives so deeply .
* * * * *
After making a quick stop in the crowded school cafeteria , Hoppy found a more suitable post on the sidelines of the reunion , in a narrow hallway .
He sat in a chair with a smirk on his face , using his cane to ping friends in the shins , or sometimes in the groin , to get their attention .
" This here 's the last man standing , " one man said , chuckling , as he stopped by Hoppy 's seat .
Hoppy 's son and grandson arrived with several cardboard boxes of books , pulled from the bed of the old miner 's pickup .
With the help of another local - history buff , Hoppy has self - published three books .
The latest , " Just Call Me Hoppy , " chronicles his memories of a pre-toxic Picher , a time he believes everyone else has forgotten .
The book begins in 1925 , when the mines were at their peak -- and the year Hoppy was born .
At 17 , he left Picher to fight in World War II .
After he was injured when his Navy ship was hit by a suicide bomber , Hoppy returned home to finish high school and go to work in the mines .
In those years , Picher was a bustling town with neon signs " like Las Vegas , " Hoppy recalled .
See photos of the town »
When the mines slowed down and money was tight , Hoppy hustled billiard tables at a pool hall downtown .
When the mines shut entirely , he bought the pool hall and hung on its walls some of his dad 's mining gear : a kerosene lamp , a helmet .
The items puzzled kids who came into the Pastime Pool Hall .
What were the mines like ?
they asked Hoppy .
What did they mine for , anyway ?
Shocked by the younger generation 's ignorance , Hoppy became a collector .
He asked the kids to bring in mining memorabilia .
In exchange , he'd let them shoot a few rounds of pool for free .
" I thought it was important that people ought to know what Picher 's role was in two world wars , " Hoppy said .
" Hell , to me , it was important .
...
Without the mines here in Ottawa County [ Oklahoma ] , those wars would 've lasted a lot longer . "
Hoppy 's book details Picher 's patriotic spirit , its sense of purpose during the wars .
But it mentions the Superfund buyout only in passing and never explains that the town is toxic .
It does n't say that four of Hoppy 's great - grandchildren tested for high levels of lead in their blood .
They are among the victims of Picher 's toxic legacy .
Hoppy figures the world hears plenty about all that .
He 'd rather focus on the Picher he loves .
The walls of his pool hall -- the sign in the window says " Hoppy 's Museum " -- are now papered with photos and artifacts .
Neighboring buildings are boarded up , their windows broken , the paint peeling .
Tree - size weeds crack the sidewalks .
Hoppy 's pool hall breathes life into this abandoned place , where only a few people still live .
On Monday nights , he opens the doors to local musicians .
When he goes home , he leaves a single bulb lit over the door .
It 's the only light on the street .
* * * * *
One morning , about two weeks before Picher 's June 13 reunion , Hoppy 's son moved his dad out of town while Hoppy was at his favorite restaurant eating breakfast .
Hoppy was furious .
" I unlocked the door ... and I did n't have a stick of furniture , " he said .
He stood in the entryway in disbelief .
David Ray showed up behind his dad , bearing the news that Picher had left him behind .
It was time to go .
He was moving to Miami , a town just 10 miles south .
Hoppy remains bewildered by the situation .
He lies awake at night in his new home .
He tunes the television to a country - music station and blares familiar songs to try to lull himself to sleep .
On the rare instances when that has worked , Hoppy has dreamed of a pre-toxic Picher .
He sees packed movie theaters and bar fights .
He sees the people from the photos on the walls of his pool hall , all of whom are gone .
Some mornings , Hoppy leaves breakfast and drives to his old home instead of his new one in Miami , as if he 's on autopilot .
His house in Picher , the one where he lived for nearly half a century , is tagged with yellow spray paint : TBCD .
To be condemned .
Why is moving just 10 miles away so devastating ?
Outside Picher , the mining town 's former residents are branded " lead heads " and " chat rats . "
People wonder whether living in the polluted area made them stupid .
Like any downtrodden group , Picher residents once found strength in numbers , in their insulated community .
Now they must find their way in a larger world -- a world they do n't fully understand , one that understands them only as the products of a toxic town .
It 's no wonder they seek solace in memories .
* * * * *
From his post in the hallway at Picher 's wake , Hoppy sold $ 300 worth of books -- not enough to cover costs but enough to leave him satisfied .
His night was cut short when the muscles in his chest seized up .
He had two heart attacks in recent weeks , and doctors said the stress was getting to him .
Hoppy 's son told his dad he was " out of gas . "
It was time to go .
Hoppy 's family loaded his unsold books back into the bed of his pickup , and the old miner drove down empty streets to a still - unfamiliar home .
He says he moved to Miami " under protest . "
But he 's easing to the idea a bit .
" They told me they were gonna move me to Miami , " he joked , " and I said , ' Over my dead body , you will ! ' "
He continued , changing tone : " ' Oh , well , ' I said , ' I 've been dead from the waist down now for 10 years anyway . ' "
He has found purpose by resurrecting Picher 's untold story -- at the pool hall , at the reunion and through his books .
He 's not happy about having to leave his home .
But he 's no longer the stubborn man who could n't dream of the world beyond Picher .
" There 's not any point in thinking about it , " he said , " because there ain't a damn thing you can do about it -- just break out , go someplace else and start all over again . "
The walls in his new living room are still bare .
But he has ordered two 6 - foot - long murals of Picher , photographs of the town in its heyday .
The mountains of gravel waste were smaller then -- and growing .
For Hoppy , the photos capture a town on the upswing .
He went to Picher 's wake expecting it to feel like a funeral .
He left with a sense of relief .
And afterward , for the first time in weeks , he slept through the night .
All About Oklahoma
Last week we got a whole series of bad reports on the state of the economy .
New and existing home sales both remain near their lowest level for the downturn , as house prices continue to drop at the rate of 2 % a month .
New orders for capital goods , a key measure of investment demand , fell by 2 % in April .
Excluding the volatile transportation sector , new orders were still down by 1.5 % .
On Friday , the Chicago Purchasing Managers Index fell by more than 5 percentage points from its April level , approaching its low for the downturn .
The employment component of the index did hit a new low .
These reports might have led to gloomy news stories , but not in the US media .
The folks who could not see an $ 8tn housing bubble are still determined to find the silver lining in even the worst economic news .
For example , National Public Radio told listeners that the new home sales figure reported for April was up from the March level .
While this was true , the April figure was only 1,000 higher than a March level that had just been revised down by 5,000 .
April new home sales were 4,000 below the sales level that had originally been reported for March .
USA Today touted a " surge " in durable goods orders , which was also based on a sharp downward revision to the prior month 's data .
The media have obviously abandoned economic reporting and instead have adopted the role of cheerleader , touting whatever good news it can find and inventing good news when none can be found .
This leaves the responsibility of reporting on the economy to others .
Any serious examination of the data shows that recovery is nowhere in sight .
The basic story of the downturn is painfully simple .
We have seen a collapse of a housing bubble which has devastated the construction sector and also caused consumption to plunge .
The construction sector is suffering from the enormous overbuilding during the bubble years .
Measured in months of sales , the inventories of both new and existing homes are close to double their normal levels .
This inventory will ensure that construction remains badly depressed at least through 2010 , if not much longer .
The plunge in house prices has sent consumption plummeting .
The problem is not consumer attitudes , as many commentators seem to believe .
Rather , the reason that most homeowners are n't buying a lot right now is the same reason that homeless people do n't buy a lot of things : they do n't have the money .
The decline in house prices since the peak in 2006 has cost homeowners close to $ 6tn in lost housing equity .
In 2009 alone , falling house prices have destroyed almost $ 2tn in equity .
People were spending at an incredible rate in 2004 - 2007 based on the wealth they had in their homes .
This wealth has now vanished .
Housing is weak and falling .
Consumption is weak and falling .
New orders for capital goods in April , the main measure for investment demand , is down 35.6 % from its level a year ago .
And , state and local governments across the country , led by California , are laying off workers and cutting back services .
If there is evidence of a recovery in this story , it is very hard to find .
The more obvious story is one of a downward spiral , as more layoffs and further cuts in hours continue to reduce workers ' purchasing power .
Furthermore , the weakness in the labour market is putting downward pressure on wages , reducing workers ' purchasing power through a second channel .
Happy talk will not turn this economy around .
The economy needs more demand , which can only be provided by another larger dose of stimulus from the federal government .
There are easy , quick and effective ways to boost the economy with additional stimulus .
First , let 's give more money to state and local governments so that they do n't have to lay off workers , cut back services and raise taxes .
This should be a complete no - brainer since this spending will immediately boost the economy .
The government could also provide a large boost to the economy by jump - starting healthcare reform with an employer tax credit ( e.g. $ 2,500 per worker ) for firms who do not currently provide coverage .
This could quickly get us to near universal coverage as Congress works to restructure the system to contain costs .
It could also provide a $ 2,500 tax credit to employers for giving workers paid time off .
This should both increase demand in the economy and provide workers with more leisure and flexibility at the workplace .
There are other ways in which the government could quickly generate new demand , but these will not be seriously discussed until there is more general recognition that additional stimulus is needed .
At some point it will be impossible to conceal the bad news and Congress ' attention will return to stimulus .
But the media 's reality defying happy talk on the economy is delaying this moment .
