House Reform Committee Wants to Review the Records on Fired Inspector General
Maybe there is a chance that President Obama is not going to get away with firing Gerald Walpin after all .
With the fired inspector general asking for a congressional hearing into his firing , and this Republican representative asking for the records of all of the conversations relating to Gerald Walpin between President Obama and the U.S. attorney whose district Walpin worked in perhaps something will happen after all .
Representative Darrell Issa wants all of the records released of the conversations Obama had before firing Gerald Walpin and Issa just happens to be the ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
Here is what he had to say about the “ political courage ” that Obama was reported to have shown while firing Gerald Walpin for uncovering abuse of taxpayer money :
“ Gerald Walpin led an aggressive investigation of a political ally of President Obama that successfully recovered taxpayer dollars , ” Issa said in a statement .
“ While firing an investigator who uncovered the abuse of funds by a political ally might be considered an act of ‘ political courage ’ in Chicago politics , for most Americans it raises troubling questions ”
It most certainly does raise troubling questions .
Is President Obama going to fire any government watchdog who uncovers fraud and waste by an organization with which he is aligned and considers a political ally ?
This is the change we can believe in ?
The president broke the law that he was a co-sponsor of as a senator by firing Walpin without proper notice and I believe that he has angered congress , some Democrats included , by being so arrogant that he did n’t think he needed to give them the reason for the firing even though the law requires it .
I do n’t think that this is sitting well in congress , perhaps there will be action taken .
Maybe his arrogance has finally caught up with him .
With Representative Issa asking for the conversation records from this incident it could put President Obama in a tight situation .
If he refuses to release the records after the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee it is going to look like he is hiding something .
Action needs to be taken , we need to know that nothing improper happened in the firing of Gerald Walpin .
We deserve to know if the president ’s policy will be to remove anyone who uncovers government waste and fraud .
This man should have received a promotion but instead he was fired for uncovering what was an embarrassing stain on an ally of the president .
We can not stand for this .
FRENCH OPEN
Venue : Roland Garros Date : 24 May - 7 June
Coverage : Live on BBC Red Button , live streaming and daily text commentary on BBC Sport website , updates on BBC Radio 5 Live plus second week commentary on BBC 5 Live Sports Extra .
TV coverage on Eurosport .
World number one Rafael Nadal suffered his first defeat at the French Open in a shock 6 - 2 6 - 7 ( 2 - 7 ) 6 - 4 7 - 6 ( 7 - 2 ) loss to Sweden 's Robin Soderling .
Nadal , chasing a fifth straight Roland Garros title , saw his 31 - match unbeaten run in Paris come to an end in one of the biggest upsets in tennis history .
Soderling 's win comes a month after he was beaten 6 - 1 6 - 0 by Nadal in Rome .
" I told myself this is just another match , " said the 24 - year - old Swede , who now plays 10th seed Nikolay Davydenko .
" All the time , I was trying to play as if it was a training session .
When I was 4 - 1 up in the ( fourth set ) tie - break , I started to believe .
When I win , it 's because I play well , and that was n't the case today
Rafael Nadal
" I just could n't believe it when I won that last point .
I 'm so proud of myself .
This is the best win of my career against a man who is the greatest clay - court player in history . "
Nadal , who had won the Monte Carlo , Rome and Barcelona events in the run-up to Paris , admitted he had been below par .
" He did n't surprise me because I know how he plays and how dangerous he can be , " said the 22 - year - old .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" When I practised this morning I felt good .
I felt very good , but it was n't the case during the match .
I did n't play my best .
I played very short and I could n't attack .
I made it easy for him to play at his level .
But I lost .
" I was not calm enough to face the important points , so I had to fight .
But sometimes fighting is not enough .
You have to play a good level of tennis .
I 'm so proud of myself - this is the best win of my career against a man who is the greatest clay court player in history
Robin Soderling
" People think I win because I 'm physically fit , but , no .
When I win , it 's because I play well , and that was n't the case today . "
Soderling had lost his previous three matches against Nadal but seemed a man transformed on Court Philippe Chatrier .
He unleashed one formidable service game after the next and his deadly groundstrokes put Nadal under severe pressure throughout .
The Spaniard struggled from the outset against a player with whom he was involved in an unsavoury spat at Wimbledon two years ago when Soderling mocked his pre-service routine .
Nadal was broken in the fourth game as Soderling went 4 - 1 ahead and again in the crucial eighth as the free - flowing , uninhibited world number 25 continued to find the corners with devastating accuracy .
When the 23rd seed took the opening set it was the first time Nadal had dropped a set at the French Open since the 2007 final against Roger Federer .
Despite missing his usual fluency , and visibly rattled by Soderling 's unrelenting assault , Nadal broke for the first time to lead 2 - 1 in the second set , only to surrender his advantage in the 10th game .
606 : DEBATE Rafa looked flat today - we have come to expect so much from him over the past 4 - 5 years that it comes as a shock but then again you have to have an off day once in your career !
WengersRedTie Nadal would then have been expected to storm past the 6ft 4in Swede but Soderling executed a fine backhand volley to go to 5 - 5 .
The Spaniard did , however , run away with the tie - break to level the match when a Soderling forehand flew long .
Soderling , coached by compatriot and 2000 finalist Magnus Norman , refused to yield , breaking to lead 4 - 3 in the third set before backing it up for a 5 - 3 advantage .
He took the set when Nadal netted another weary forehand off yet another deep Soderling drive .
Nadal broke to lead 2 - 0 in the fourth set , but Soderling hit back immediately as another tie - break loomed .
And when it arrived Soderling clinched his famous win on a second match point when Nadal went wide with a pick - up .
Davydenko caused something of a surprise to overcome eighth seed Fernando Verdasco 6 - 2 6 - 2 6 - 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
November 5 , 1990 : Crews of six RAF Tornado jets report being over taken by a giant UFO whilst flying over Germany during an exercise .
The pilots believe this could have been a test flight for the then top - secret US Air Force Stealth fighter .
A file notes : “ I believe any further information made available would only add fuel to the fire .
Clearly the incident happened and clearly the pilots saw what they believe ( with hindsight ) to be a stealth aircraft .
I doubt very much if the USAF or even the Soviet air force ( if they were flying ) would admit to anything . ”
The Dog gets a great back rub from the pig ...
“ Domestic Extremism Lexicon ” memo says “ patriot movement ” primarily comprises of “ violent ” groups
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , May 4 , 2009
A new Homeland Security document that received little attention during last week ’s swine flu coverage shockingly lists the “ alternative media ” with other radical extremist groups and implies that people who disagree with the mass media ’s version of events are potential domestic terrorists .
The “ official use only ” document is entitled “ Domestic Extremism Lexicon ” and was released on March 26 , two weeks before the infamous “ right - wing extremists ” report that generated so much media attention throughout April .
According to World Net Daily , the DHS document was almost immediately rescinded , but the groups listed alongside Neo - Nazis , Aryan prison gangs and black power extremists again prove that the federal government is targeting American citizens who are merely knowledgeable about their rights and up on current issues as potential domestic terrorists to be treated as a “ threat ” to law enforcement .
Click here for the PDF file .
The preamble to the document reads as follows ;
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ (U// FOUO ) Homeland Security Reference Aids — prepared by the DHS / Office of Intelligence and Analysis ( I&A ) — provide baseline information on a variety of homeland security issues .
This product is one in a series of reference aids designed to provide operational and intelligence advice and assistance to other elements of DHS , as well as state , local , and regional fusions centers .
DHS / I&A intends this background information to assist federal , state , local , and tribal homeland security and law enforcement officials in conducting analytic activities .
This product provides definitions for key terms and phrases that often appear in DHS analysis that addresses the nature and scope of the threat that domestic , non-Islamic extremism poses to the United States .
Definitions were derived from a variety of open source materials and unclassified information , then further developed during facilitated workshops with DHS intelligence analysts knowledgeable about domestic , non-Islamic extremism in the United States . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
In the same breath as radical Cuban Communists , the “ decentralized terrorist movement , ” “ lone terrorists , ” “ racist skinheads ” and the Mexican separatist movement , we find an entry for “ alternative media , ” alongside the blurb , “ a term used to describe various information sources that provide a forum for interpretations of events and issues that differ radically from those presented in mass media products and outlets . ”
That ’s right folks – the federal government is training its enforcers that people who do n’t believe everything they see on Fox News , CNN or read in the New York Times are to be treated as a “ threat ” and a potential violent domestic terrorist .
Apparently it ’s not enough to treat Ron Paul supporters , people who fly U.S. flags or people who are able to accurately recite the Bill of Rights as potential mass killers , now anyone who merely questions what is reported by the corporate media is also a danger , according to the federal government .
The document also lists people who oppose abortion , people who oppose giving drivers licenses to illegal immigrants and states that they “ can be broadly divided into those who are primarily hate - oriented , and those who are mainly antigovernment and reject federal authority in favor of state or local authority .
This term also may refer to rightwing extremist movements that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration . ”
The document also mentions the “ patriot movement ” and states that it “ primarily comprises ( of ) violent antigovernment groups . ”
As we have documented for years , we have n’t yet come across a violent member of the “ patriot movement ” who was n’t also a federal provocateur or at least someone being radicalized by the feds – Timothy McVeigh being a prime example .
The conclusion at the foot of the document encourages recipients in law enforcement to “ report information concerning suspicious or criminal activity to DHS and the FBI . ”
So now according to the feds , running a news website that is n’t owned by General Electric or Rupert Murdoch is suspicious and potentially criminal .
As we reported last month , another recent Department of Homeland Security intelligence assessment equates gun owners with violent terrorists and states that radical extremists are “ stockpiling ” weapons in fear of an Obama administration gun ban .
The document was just the latest in a long sordid line of training manuals in which the federal government characterizes millions of American citizens as potentially violent terrorists who are a threat to law enforcement .
As we have exhaustively documented with the MIAC report and a whole host of others , the federal government apparently has very little concern for any perceived terrorist threat to America coming from the MIddle East or Al - Qaeda cells within the country , and indeed if any such threat existed we are only in more danger , because the feds have been busy training law enforcement that law - abiding American citizens who exercise their legal right to purchase firearms or who exercise their first amendment right to discuss politics or run websites , are potential terrorists who want to instigate a violent revolution .
This article was posted : Monday , May 4 , 2009 at 1:04 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Google has introduced an Android scripting environment that lets you code stuff for the Googlephone on the Googlephone .
It 's called , well , the Android Scripting Environment .
ASE , for short .
It sits on the Android handset itself , giving coders the power to write and run scripts in Python , Lua , and BeanShell - without help from a PC .
Google thinks that coding full - fledged Android apps on a PC is like heaven on earth , but it 's still interested in giving developers the power to code on the run .
" Android 's development environment makes life pretty easy , but you 're tied to a computer to do your work , " reads a blog post from Googler Damon Kohler .
" ASE lets you develop on the device itself using high - level scripting languages to try out your idea now , in the situation where you need it , quickly . "
The new scripting environment gives you access to many - but not all - of the APIs available to full - fledged Android apps .
Scripts can make phone calls , send text messages , scan bar codes , poll location and sensor data , use text - to - speech , and more .
As an example , Kohler shows off a script designed to prevent an Android phone from running when it 's placed face - down .
Android scripting on Android
You can run scripts interactively in a terminal , launch them as long - running background services , or run them via Locale , a third - party Android app and developer platform that changes the Googlephone 's behavior depending on where it's , yes , located .
With BeanShell , you can access Android 's Java API directly .
With Lua and Python , you tap the API via JSON RPC calls to a proxy .
At some point , Google will also offer scripting with Ruby and Javascript as well .
The environment has not been published to the Android Market , Google 's answer to the iPhone App Store , but the company says it will be soon .
In the meantime , you can download an alpha here .
The open - source project page also includes sample scripts and documentation . ®
When you want something expensive , ask your grandparents .
Never smart off to a teacher whose eyes and ears are twitching .
Wear a hat when feeding seagulls .
Sleep in your clothes so you 'll be dressed in the morning .
Do n't flush the toilet when you dad's in the shower .
Never ask for anything that costs more than five dollars when your parents are doing taxes .
Never bug a pregnant mom .
Do n't ever be too full for dessert .
When your dad is mad and asks you , " Do I look stupid ? " do n't answer him .
Never tell your mom her diet 's not working .
Do n't pick on your sister when she 's holding a baseball bat .
When you get a bad grade in school , show it to your mom when she 's on the phone .
Never spit when on a roller coaster .
Never do pranks at a police station .
Beware of cafeteria food when it looks like it 's moving .
Never tell your little brother that you 're not going to do what your mom told you to do .
Remember you 're never too old to hold your father 's hand .
Listen to your brain .
It has lots of information .
Stay away from prunes .
Never dare your little brother to paint the family car .
Forget the cake , go for the icing .
If you want to take a trip to see various destinations , or you intend to do a route through various places in the world , the costco travel guide and facilitate you through their best deals and offers .
The costo trave offers endless possibilities for guided tours around the world .
Text size
ROBERT PRECHTER , THE market forecaster who told investors to sell their stocks weeks before the October 1987 crash , is back in the news .
Prechter , head of market - forecasting firm Elliot Wave International and author of several books , including Conquer the Crash ( available from Amazon.com ) , has been quoted recently as saying that the current recession could last for a long time and even force stock markets back down to levels seen at the market bottom reached in March of this year .
Barron 's caught up with Prechter by phone this week to understand the technical trading signs he looks at to draw conclusions about investor sentiment .
Barrons.com : You 've said that today 's recession represents a very deep and prolonged decline , akin to the 1929 - 1932 depression .
What 's your reason for viewing things as so dire ?
Robert Prechter :
My model is that naturally occurring waves of optimism and pessimism , which result from unconscious herding , are the driver of financial and macroeconomic trends .
Upon rare occasion , waves of very large degree come to an end .
In the financial realm , when people get more pessimistic , they sell stocks and curtail credit .
They also take fewer risks in the realm of production , which causes the economy to contract .
Taken together , these changes -- at very large degree -- portended a downward revaluation of the stock market , a deflation in credit and a depression .
Q: By what measure are you judging this pessimism ?
A : Aside from price patterns per se , we track waves of social mood by way of psychological indicators .
At large degree , we use things such as price / dividend , price / book and bond yield / stock yield ratios , mutual fund cash percentages , the number of investors bullish vs. bearish , credit spreads , savings rates , consumer sentiment , duration of optimism , and so on .
From 1998 to 2007 , these measures set records .
P/E is still setting records .
Optimism occurs at tops , and the more extreme the optimism , the bigger the degree of the top .
Q:Some observers allege that steps taken by President Roosevelt during the early part of the Great Depression ended up prolonging the depression .
Will policy decisions being enacted now ameliorate or exacerbate the current decline ?
A : Governments ' policy decisions hamper and ruin economies all the time , but their meddling does not affect waves of social mood .
On the contrary , waves of social mood generally spur governments to act .
The 1929 - 1932 collapse caused the government to get restrictive and separate commercial and investment banks in 1933 ; this was after the bust it was designed to prevent was over .
The 1990s boom caused government to get frisky and repeal the act in 1999 ; this was just as the boom it was designed to foster was ending .
These policy decisions did not cause any changes in social mood , but the social mood trends predicted the character of the policy changes .
Government herds , just like everyone else , but it is at the tail end of the herd , because it takes time for a consensus to develop so extensively that government has the public support to act .
Q: While the Federal Reserve 's FOMC Wednesday said the slump will be worse than originally expected in the next three years , others are convinced that the " less bad " data points could lead to a recovery in the second half of this year .
A : Social actions result from social mood change .
When we recognized a temporary low in pessimism in late February / early March , we were able to predict changes that would result : stocks would rally , credit spreads would narrow , housing sales would pick up , and authorities would take bows for effective " liquidity " and " stimulus " programs .
If it goes high enough , a consensus will probably develop that the bear market and recession are behind us .
Then it will be time for the next wave down .
Q: You 've been quoted as suggesting people invest in Treasuries , considering them " safe cash proxies , " but you 've also said skeptical things about Treasuries given massive borrowing and the threat of deflation .
Which is it ?
A : It 's a matter of short rates versus long .
The best investment stance for conservative investors has been simple : safety .
My primary recommendation is safe - cash equivalents .
This means Treasury bills , Swiss money - market claims , some New Zealand bonds , some gold and some cash .
There has been no change there .
Cash has been good .
Today you can buy twice the house , twice the stock shares and twice the gasoline that you could a short while ago .
But long term , Treasuries are different .
After 28 years of rising prices for T - bonds , the Fed announced in December that it would buy them .
Part of the downturn in prices relates to an anticipated pick - up in the economy , which should in fact occur for part of this year ; part is due to hyperinflation fears , which I think are misplaced ; and part is due to early fears of eventual government default , which I think are not misplaced .
If government rates go up , bond investors will lose money , while we bill investors will make money , at least until it 's time to bail out of government debt entirely .
Q: Do you prefer dollars to other currencies ?
A : My position is that the dollar is the most inflated currency in the world , so it has the furthest to deflate .
In other words , because it is so sick , it is the currency most likely to rise during the deflationary period as dollar - denominated IOUs collapse .
Regardless , my currency mix includes what I consider to be very safe foreign debt and some gold .
You have to realize that almost everyone loses in a deflation .
The key is to lose a lot less than everyone else .
Market opinions are one thing ; safety is another .
Q: Your remarks as quoted in the press seem to refer essentially to the U.S. economy .
What is your view of the rest of the world 's economic prospects ?
A : It 's a developing global depression .
Economies and societies are so closely entwined in the modern world that social mood is much more pervasively shared than it was centuries ago .
So the world had a boom together , and it 's having a bust together .
The canary in the coal mine was Japan , which reached impossible - to - maintain extremes of debt and investment values a decade earlier than other countries did .
Q:So in spite of this market run-up , there 's more misery ahead ?
A : If you stay safe , it 's the opposite .
Comments ?E-mail us atonline.editors@barrons.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Worst of the Worst ' ? : Gitmo's Youngest Prisoner , the ' Forgotten Child , ' Released Without Charges "
( 57 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 6/11/2009 @ 6:30 pm PT ...
Child El - Gharani , meet The Shining City on the Hill .
I cannot even put into words the visceral disgust and shame I feel after reading this story .
So are we just dropping him off back in Chad , pushing him out of the back of a C - 130 with a parachute ?
" Sorry mate , our bad . "
What can we do as Americans to in some way make up for what we have done to this poor young man ?
And the rest of them that are still being held in this way ?
I do n't believe in Gods or Souls , but if I did , this would be one of those " May God have mercy on your Soul " moments .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
YOU AREN'T supposed to just go forward .
It 's vital to know the general parameters of what happened .. but to what degree do you push this mass mea culpa before threatening national security ?
I 'm not sure the country has the luxury of such multi tasking right now ..
SEIZE THE MOMENT , ACKNOWLEDGE THE PAST .. BUT DON'T FORGET THE MORE PRESSING NEED FOR MOMENTUM ON MANY FRONTS .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/11/2009 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
I do n't think there can be a more pressing need for national security than to prosecute war criminals , and make reparations to those they tortured .
And if they have time to fuck with the tobacco companies , they can fucking well deal with the pressing needs too , or instead .
Even if they do n't have the time , they can fucking well work overtime .
They can fucking well give it over to a special prosecutor .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/11/2009 @ 8:31 pm PT ...
Christine asked : but to what degree do you push this mass mea culpa before threatening national security ?
Perhaps it has n't occurred to you yet , but it is national security itself , I would argue , that is threatened if we do n't bring accountability for actions past .
Might I recommend our own Ernie Canning 's " Prosecute or Perish : Why the survival of our Constitutional Democracy may hinge on factually justified criminal prosecutions of the Bush / Cheney cabal " written a month or two ago , but still likely fresh enough .
We are , in fact , looking forward by looking back .
If accountability is not brought , the bar has been forever lowered , and just as Dick Cheney and Don Rumsfeld and friends returned from exile after the Nixon years to up to their ante in Bush and Bush II , so too will the next zealots , likely from the Right , who see the precedent set in the Bush Era , in which torture , lies to justify war , suspension of habeas corpus , exposure of covert CIA assets , etc. etc. was found perfectly " legal " , as even the Democrats , and yes , even Christine Craft , all agreed to that fact , by their unwillingness to hold criminals accountable , or even call their acts themselves a crime .
( And if you do call it a crime , then how do you justify not prosecuting those crimes , among the world 's most egregious ? )
The U.S. and their European allies did n't have the " luxury " of bringing accountability in the aftermath of WWII either ( arguably , when Europe was in far worse shape , literally , than the U.S. is today ) .
And yet , to let the criminals at Nuremberg off , for lack of the ability to " multitask " would have been unthinkable .
Much as it should be now .
If " Prosecute and Perish " , short and sweet as it is , does n't convince you , you can start digging into Ernie 's 4 - part ( actually , soon 5 - part ) series on the 50 year history of this crap , and how it will never stop , until our society , once and for all , says enough , and puts action and accountability behind those words .
Else , the Cheneys of the world will lie in wait , and rest assured , they .
will .
be. back .
Twice over .
And with an ever lowered bar , and a chilling precedent of irresponsible enabling that came of doing nothing whatsoever when we had the chance .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/11/2009 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
...
If accountability is not brought , the bar has been forever lowered ...
No , no , pardon me , but you mean " dropped " , I 'm just sure of it .
If they can get away with that shit , there is no crime they can't commit , no flouting of the Constitution too dire .
If they 're not prosecuted , " rule of law " is a euphemism for " survival of the nastiest " ... which is the way the rest of the world perceives our bullshit exceptionalism already .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
YES BRAD .. it has occurred to me .. it has also occurred to me .. congruently .. that a significant portion of those howling loudest for that mass mea culpa .. naked in the global spotlight .. are NOT ROOTING FOR AMERICA TO BE MADE STRONGER BY THE PROCESS
That , of course is a view to which I am entitled .
I wonder what most Americans think ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
BRAD .. AS FAR AS alberto gonzalez and habeas corpus is concerned .. I led a demonstration at my alma mater law school on the occasion of Mr. Gonzalez 'S visit and lecture .
We had a teach - in on the anti-torture provisions in international law ... and many students and my radio listeners brought hundreds of well produced signs .. lipstick red on gloss white .. thrust right in alberto's humiLiated and furious face as he exited the black escalade to a locale presumed non-confrontational .
'HEY ALBERTO , HABEAS THIS , BABY ''
It was one of the first direct alberto protests in the nation .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:05 pm PT ...
AND IF YOU FIND YOURSELF .. in the same reception hall as Condoleeza Rice , simply turn your back on her .... as in extreme social opprobrium .
Brad .. would you put condoleeza in a foreign prison ??
would you think that was appropriate ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
AND YES BRAD .. survival of the fittest or / and the nastiest is a principle that only is found in the U.S...... right ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:11 pm PT ...
Christine - Re : your comment @ 7 , I do n't doubt your progressive / protesting creds , which makes the rest of your thoughts all the more beguiling .
In 6 , you say : YES BRAD .. it has occurred to me .. it has also occurred to me .. congruently .. that a significant portion of those howling loudest for that mass mea culpa .. naked in the global spotlight .. are NOT ROOTING FOR AMERICA TO BE MADE STRONGER BY THE PROCESS
As an aside I do n't think it 's a mea culpa you 're looking for , but none the less , and to not be overly syntactical ( with deference to you , a woman of the bar ) , I do n't care what " significant portion " of anybody is howling , or not howling for .
As you 'll recall , a " significant portion " ( huge majority ) of the U.S. also believed Saddam was responsible for 9/11 and was in possession of WMD .
It did n't make them right , just mis- under - dis -informed , largely by the same folks that are mis- under - dis -informing now .
You 'll let me know if you still think we should be sanctioning , by lack of action , scissors to the genitals ( as in the story above ) , after you read tomorrow 's document dump .
If you do , as you say , that " is a view to which [ you are ] entitled " , just as you are entitled to be wrong about said view I wonder what most Americans think ?
See above .
Do n't know .
Do n't care .
Right is right .
Wrong is wrong .
And it 's only gonna get worse from here if nothing is done now .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:19 pm PT ...
RIGHT IS RIGHT .. WRONG IS WRONG ... NUANCE IS EVERYTHING .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
i HAVE NO INTEREST in wearing some crown of progressive prominence or being in the in crowd that always thinks predictably .
Would you want bush and cheney prosecuted at the world court ?
.. with a sentence handed down by such a foreign court .. do you think that would be good for America ..
I mean right is right .. right ?
As long as you are right , it does n't matter how much you MIGHT ACTUALLY HARM THE COUNTRY ( you are sure it wouldnt / / I am not ) because right would be right .. right ??
always right ?
smart ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
MEA CULPA , BRAD ..MEA MAXIMA CULPA ... FORGIVE US AS A NATION FOR WHAT EVIL WE HAVE DONE ... that 's a mea culpa ... as any good catholic girl would know .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Christine @ 8 asked : Brad .. would you put condoleeza in a foreign prison ??
would you think that was appropriate ?
I 'd much prefer to put her in a prison here , if she was found guilty , after being given due process , of breaking either U.S. or International law .
But , as our treaty obligations require us to either prosecute or extradite War Criminals , if Condi was accused of same ( and she 's as much as admitted , at the very least , to conspiracy to commit War Crimes in her comments at Stanford a few weeks ago ) , then yes , I have no problem with rebuilding Spandau to let her take her place with any other American war criminal that we failed to meet our obligation of prosecuting in this country .
( For the record , I 'd also fight as hard for her humane imprisonment , as I would for anybody else 's . )
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
Until Americans can do something positive with their strength , something less selfish and more compassionate , why do they ( we ) deserve to have it ?
I am no longer convinced that America is a force for good in this world * gasp* - blasphemy !
Look at the record , expecially the recent record .
Maybe it 's time to pass the torch .
I 'm thinking Denmark .
Seriously , what do we make here anymore ?
Rich executives , we 're pretty good at making those - of course , that comes at the expense of everyone who works to keep those executives rich .
Fear .
We 're pretty good at frightening people , I would say .
We can make some good weaponry , lots of stuff to kill people with .
WMD in particular .
Which is often tied to rich executives .
Here 's what we do n't make : a good health care system .
A good public education system .
Food and water that does n't cause cancer .
Clean elections , we do n't make those , right ?
Do we have a " God Given " right to be forever number one ?
So how about a little fucking humility perhaps ?
Perhaps if we had that , we would n't be in this shitstorm to begin with .
Maybe that 's asking too much .
Na ja , I guess you can put me in with O'Reilly and Hannity 's " Blame / Hate America First " crowd .
America : Land of Small - Minded People Hollerin ' about their Rights , without a Second Thought to their Responsibilities .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
Christine @ 12 : Would you want bush and cheney prosecuted at the world court ?
.. with a sentence handed down by such a foreign court .. do you think that would be good for America ..
I would have absolutely no problem with that .
None .
I mean right is right .. right ?
As long as you are right , it does n't matter how much you MIGHT ACTUALLY HARM THE COUNTRY
If you wish to make a case that trying Bush / Cheney at the Hague would somehow " HARM THE COUNTRY " , I 'd certainly be open to your making that case .
Christine @ 13 : MEA CULPA , BRAD ..MEA MAXIMA CULPA ... FORGIVE US AS A NATION FOR WHAT EVIL WE HAVE DONE ... that 's a mea culpa
Ah , well , maybe that 's the disconnect here .
I have no interest in hoping for forgiveness for what we have done .
( Thus , I had no clue how mea culpa had anything to do with it . )
I have an interest in bring accountability to criminals so that their crimes are far less likely to ever happen again .
As mentioned ( and associated with the above - linked " Prosecute or Perish " ) , I see our national security as far more damaged in the future by not taking action now .
Mea culpas have nothing to do with what I seek ... as any nice Jewish boy would know .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Sam said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Christine Craft wrote this drivel : " I 'm not sure the country has the luxury of such multi tasking right now . "
--------------------------------
I was n't aware that protecting , defending and upholding the US Constitution was considered a " luxury . "
When these politicians take the oath FOR the US Constitution , the person administering the oath does n't say , " but you only have to do this for the US Constitution if you have the luxury or time to do it . "
That part is never added .
I can't imagine any credible attorney saying what Christine barfed out here .
Most of us have to multi-task ( and then some ! ) every day .
Why can't these parasite war criminals ( both D and R ) who charade as politicians do so ?
Christine , you need a new keyboard or something .
It would appear that your " Caps Lock " key is stuck in the down position .
Pssssst : on the Internet that is considered shouting , just so you know .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 6/11/2009 @ 9:57 pm PT ...
Sam - Favor please .
Do your best to debate respectfully here .
As a " public figure " ( for those who know who Christine is ) , you may hit her with personal attacks , just as you may hit me , without violating our very few rules here .
But it does n't mean you have to .
These are important discussions / debates to have .
So let 's see if we can do so as civilly as possible .
Please ?
Thanks !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 6/11/2009 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
Let 's not forget another kid , Canadian Omar Khdar who had just turned 15 when he was captured .
He was / is charged with throwing a grenade and killing a US soldier .
Seems that 's what the Military record says ... but apparently he was shot in the back
and nearly dead , but was still able to throw a grenade .
Sadly though our own government does n't care ...
( Canadian ) Omar will soon be approaching the seventh year of his detention in Guantanamo .
And his government , which accepts that abuses faced by others at such places are very real , will do nothing for its own citizen , who was bought there in chains as a child .
Link Graphic picture
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 6/11/2009 @ 11:23 pm PT ...
Christine 's arrogance is the arrogance of EMPIRE .
It is our undoing .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 6/12/2009 @ 12:02 am PT ...
I 'm just stumped .
I 've been trying really hard to figure out how prosecuting war criminals and locking them up , wherever , by whomever , and no matter what their status in our government may have been , or even still be , could possibly be " harmful to our country " .
It could n't be more humiliating than it already is , and actually could only be a source of some gloomy pride that we were strong enough to live up to our own Constitution .
Does n't it occur to people that prosecuting the perpetrators might actually deter the people who will certainly , as it stands , use our torture of prisoners as their excuse to torture our people ?
I know the exceptionalist attitude is alive in the left , but can it be that the " losing face " thing we ridicule in other countries is really threatening us ?
That just blows my mind .
We 've completely lost face !
Our pants are down !
We are virtually naked on a plane of light in front of the world , and can anyone believe that doing the right thing would be harmful to us ?
We did n't have the least compunction about calling these guys every awful thing we could possibly think up while they were in office , and now we think we will be harmed if they are prosecuted for heinous felonies they admit they committed ?
I do n't get it .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 6/12/2009 @ 1:43 am PT ...
Well , likely anyone here knows what the Downing Street memo is , so that , along with much other info , we know it was a Tony Blair , GWbush collusion , massive deception , etc. in the oily works preceding the Iwreq war , well , another glimpse of what level of misery , and deception , our governments have been up to , listen to this woman who was in the MI5 for Britian for years , and she has some mind blowing things to share .
It is long , but try to find a time catch this , and share it if you can with anyone with an active , discerning , but enlightened enough to " get it " kind of mind .
http://www.911blogger.co...ode/20356#comment-209879
I hope Brad can make that a live link .
Thanks .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa said on 6/12/2009 @ 6:47 am PT ...
I 'm with poster number 21 .
Our country was robbed of its constitution and dignity with the last administration .
As an American living overseas and about to return , I find it scary and laughable that anyone would defend them .
The Europeans I know LOVE America and Americans .
They HATE Bush , Cheney , Blair , Rumsfeld , Rice etc .
How do I know ?
Because , without asking , they told me on several occasions in the past 2.5 yrs .
It 's time we let the world know that these criminals will be tried for invading Iraq , torturing children , killing innocent citizens and our so - called prisoners , making corporations rich , ruining the economy around the world causing massive unemployment and distress for billions of people .
Our Iraqi refuges / tennants in London want their country back .
They fled to London to keep their kids alive .
We keep the rent affordable and pay the rest of the mortgage so they can survive .
We are leaving Germany this summer and I do n't have time to discuss their views on right wing nazi's killing innocent museum guards .
I will do everything possible to get the Bush criminals arrest , jailed and tried for their crimes against America and humanity .
They and Fox News have turned my conservative sister into a neo -con who asked me this week if she should start hoarding ammo .
Yup , the right wingers have brainwashed her and I do n't even recognize her .
This story enrages me .
Brad , thanks for posting .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/12/2009 @ 7:32 am PT ...
lisa...guard..singular .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/12/2009 @ 7:33 am PT ...
LISA ..SO YOU WANT TO PROSECUTE FOX NEWS AND YOUR SISTER TOO ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/12/2009 @ 7:37 am PT ...
WELL SAM i DO HAVE A FUNKY KEYBOARD AT HOME ..AND I WOULDN'T WANT YOU TO BE SO OFFENDED THAT YOU MISS THE POINT ... HMMMM .GUESS YOU CAN'T MULTI - TASK .IE SEE BEYOND THE ERRANT CAPS KEY .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/12/2009 @ 7:40 am PT ...
LISA ..i'd be willing to bet that if the shit hit the fan in this country .. and people needed to use their second amendment rights for self - defense .. you'd be scrambling to your sister 's house for protection in one big trembling hurry .. you know .. she 's the one with the ammo .. or wait .. you 'd just stand there and say come and get me .. I 'm peaceful .
I would never defend myself with anything other than my peace slogans .. good luck .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/12/2009 @ 7:42 am PT ...
tonight at 10 . on the radio
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:13 am PT ...
" if the shit hit the fan in this country .. and people needed to use their second amendment rights for self - defense . "
It should n't need get to that point , 1 . if we could actually have public oversight of our elections with an unbroken chain of custody , 2 . if officials obeyed their oath of office , and it is clarified what to do when they break their oath , currently this is impossible with invisible electronic signals in all electronic vote tabulation devices
3. if Senators actually controlled the monetary system like they are supposed to ,
4. the U.S. Constitution is restored
5. if corporate media could be held accountable by the fcc and the public using their public files to deny them frequency allocation and station license .
Also , with corporate media the way it is currently , it will be unclear when or if such a time comes to pass .
But if it does get to that point , your little 45ACP , or pump shotgun is not going to do a damn thing against troop / leo checkpoints , gas / bio / nukes , or 2000 lb bombs from the sky via gps from our children in the USAF .
They already have lists of who has weapons .
While it would be bloody to go through those lists door to door , it could be argued it would be easier to just drop stuff from the sky on the correct address .
The problem we have is one of knowing right from wrong and acting appropriately .
It 's vague , it 's un-clarified , it 's against what us older generations grew up knowing in the heart .
I have forgot Christine , if you served or not .
I have to agree with Brad , as veteran these people took oaths , to protect the U.S. Constitution , and it has been turned to a symbolic relic only to be followed when it's not interfering with corporate or publicly un-audit-able " state secret " agenda .
Back when I served there was a little word on my Military ID , it said " Geneva " --- it 's basically an agreement that you do n't do that crap to others and they wo n't do that crap to you .
Now we have guys like this being turned loose , after they have been through hell .
You do n't think he 's pissed off ?
Should we start finding our soldiers with their penis cut off and sewed into their mouths hanging from the palm trees with propane torch marks and vice - grip pinches , no nails , and no teeth who is to blame ?
Furthermore , who is profiting ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:14 am PT ...
Christine ,
I 've been following this blog for about a year and I 've never seen your comments until recently .
Why pick a fight with every poster ?
So I had a typo , guilty ... as you are .
Take a pill woman .
You embarrass yourself , just like my sister .
Brad , thank you for your postings .
Sorry I can't contribute right now .
My husband and I are about to move and will be spending what 's left of our 401 k to get back to the states .
We 're non-military so we have to pay for this ourselves .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:32 am PT ...
" tonight at 10. on the radio " I really ain't trying to pick a fight but ...
Which radio frequencies ?
Where ?
Does it stream on the web ?
The link is broken .
christinecraft2yahoo.com /
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... CHRISTINE CRAFT said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:45 am PT ...
LISA ..I DON'T TAKE PILLS .. other than the old daily aspirin .
about your misfortune in having to spend money to move back this country .... you whine about the inconvenience and unfairness of it all .. did you think America owes you the ticket back ?? as for the radio tonight .. just google .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... CHRISTINE CRAFT said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:50 am PT ...
AND ONE MORE THING LISA .. you say you 've been posting for a long time .. good for you .. but are you some kind of time queen ?
I 'll tell you what .. you decide for yourself when you are embarrassed and I will determine when I am ..I 'm not intimidated or embarrassed .
buh - bye
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:54 am PT ...
Answering my own questions .
( Feel free to correct ) Christine Craft Website URL :
http://www.kgoam810.com/showdj.asp?DJID=12850
Listeners email contact : ( unverified )
christinecraft2@yahoo.com Winamp Stream : ( cut and past this into winamp )
http://citadelcc.ic.llnw...stream/citadelcc_KGO_MP3
Radio :
KGO
810 kHz AM
Located in San Francisco , California ( maybe you can catch the skip ? )
( Information found initially on Wikipedia , then tracked by me )
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:37 am PT ...
There is some happier news .
Worthington reports that four of the detained Guantánamo Uighurs - the hapless Muslims from China who got caught up in the sweep and were never a part of anything --- have been resettled in Bermuda !
That has got to be the most bizarre story that they 'll be telling to their grandchildren --- " and this is how our family came to be living in Bermuda ---" Worthington reports that the British Foreign office is making a big stink about it that seems to be puffery .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... wow E. said on 6/12/2009 @ 11:07 am PT ...
'too old , too unattractive , and does n't defer to me n'---- THAT Christine Craft ?
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 11:07 am PT ...
as for the radio tonight .. just google .
Do I detect arrogance ?
( let 's waste phil 's time , not even say thanks , he works for free . )
Or is it apathy ?
( I do n't give a fuck about my own show , either find it yourself or screw you . )
I can't believe this thread , but then I have n't exactly been perfect myself over the years .
Then again , I have n't seen so many lies over the years .
It 's kind of nasty to bitch about someone 's 401 k when effectively it 's been turned into a 201 k by thieves , ponsi schemes , banksters , over leveraging , lack of transparancy , corporate media lies , and not only was this fraud allowed by congress , but actually they promoted the fraud to happen more .
( Sarcasm )
But hey those green shoots are looking good now eh ?
The recession will be over by summer .
There 's no sub - prime problem , no prime problem , no math problem .
( / sarcasm ) I actually have a lot of respect for you Christine , I followed you from Cesar Chavez Plaza to the steps of the capital .
I made a music video for you .
( you never followed up on that ) I know all this crap must make you angry , It does me too .
But remember , in my opinion Brad basically started this blog because of electronic voting machines in the beginning .
Cause we 've effectively lost the right to vote because we can't count the vote .
I 've yet to hear most of the stations you 've worked for in the past , shine a light on this problem ... Contrarily they seem to now be promoting internet voting .
( I am not saying you are the problem , I actually enjoyed your shows , and if I recall you seemed genuinely concerned about voting at the time . ) and I got most of my respect for you during the small segment of time when KSAC went / was " progressive " but while a lot of us have grown immensely since then , we have watched as the results of election after election have erased the U.S. Constitution , allowed for wars , theft , torture and all manner of corruption which has moved into nearly every government agency now .
We have had many dirty tricks play out on us , and some of us have died since then , yet those unconstitutional machines are still in place , subverting our constitutional republic , allowed more turds in the punch bowl .
Frankly I have n't heard your voice since the KSAC segments and programming , I figured you were taking care of your father .
Glad to see your back .
You 've put more into this civics crap than I ever will .
Only wish more people with access to broadcast frequencies would shine a light on the root of all these problems -- electronic vote tabulation devices .
It would be nice to not have a fight with you on a website which has been beneficial to you over the last four or so years .
Leave that nonsense for idiots like me who get drunk from frustration and the pain from no health care for 20 + years and spout off about it .
I only have a non-profit ( or a minus profit ) public access show .
The only way you can really tell that I care is by the title of my episodes , or the closing thanks at the end of my show .
I doubt half corporate media could survive , if they had to get their ass out there with a camera their self ( no camera person ) , then edit their self , then render their self , then pay for their own website , and manage their own server , create their own art .
Give me a tower , an RF transmitter , and an army of skilled editors , and a multi-million dollar budget , several servers , hundred thousand dollar HD cameras , trucks , satellites , and hell of bandwidth on the backbone and you would see electronic voting machine problems at 5 PM , 10 PM and streaming 24/ 7 .
You would see light on corruption , a counter opinion to CNBC , Bloomberg , MSNBC , FOX , ABC , CBS , NBC and yeah even PBS .
You 'd hear what engineers are saying about the buildings that came down on September 11th .
Problem is anyone who has that much money and power is going to be challenged by these blacklisted topics .
Essayons or BOHICA ?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 11:14 am PT ...
'too old , too unattractive , and does n't defer to me n'---- THAT Christine Craft ?
Unbelievable ...
But yeah she put up with some of the nastiest shit in media back in the day .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Lizinbklyn said on 6/12/2009 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
I always knew Bush and Cheney were lying about the war and that 's why I marched with other protesters on a really hot August day in Manhattan .
I do n't want the photos released because I believe it will be used as recruitment and thus death to innocents , BUT I know the photos must be released .
Torture was sanctioned and encouraged under Bush .
Have n't we all been taught that ' no man is above the law ' in this country ?!!
Why do conservatives have a problem with truth on so many issues .
V.P. Spiro Agnew was tried and convicted and leaders of other countries have been convicted of crimes .
The world did not end and it wo n't end if Mr. Cheney 's new residence winds up in Florence , Colorado !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... CHRISTINE CRAFT said on 6/12/2009 @ 1:15 pm PT ...
well phil ... you can listen to my show tonight at www.kgoradio.com 10 p pdt. streaming or available in western third of Us , mexico , canada ..on 810 am .
all my colleagues who are lawyers in my office think they should be prosecuted too .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... CHRISTINE CRAFT said on 6/12/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
hey phil .. i took care of my navy captain daddy til he died last year at age 92 .. he was 6 ' 5 " and in diapers for the last seven years ..
He lived in a perfectly sized cottage on my property here and we had lots of fun for the fourteen years he lived with me .
I am a california applicant 's attorney now .. representing workers injured on the job against insurance companies like AIG .. wanted to strangleoneof them this week .
While the bush / cheeny team was in office ..
I fought them with every ounce of my being ..now that the reeps have been defeated ..
I think it changes the equation .. for example should obama be prosecuted for allowing renditions to continue ?
/ Would that be good for the country ??
should he be prosecuted for violating constitutional protections against unreasonable search and seizure .. think the wiretaps that continue to this day ?
and yes , I am just a Navy brat .. sworn to uphold the constituion as part of my oath administered by a federal judge when I passed the bar .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
Sorry to hear about your father , I kind of thought your father might have been the real reason you left the air .
To be honest I do n't agree with the " creeps " having been defeated .
Their actions now speak louder than the ( D ) or ( R ) in front of their names .
Effectively I do n't see the difference .
There 's only two senators I trust currently .
Dennis Kucinich , and Ron Paul obviously neither one represents California .
2006 was the final straw for me voting party line for Senate , between Pelosi , Feinstein , and Matsui .
And in 2008 that did it for me for President .
Rendition must be stopped .
yes .
Warrantless wiretapping must stop . yes .
DHS should be deactivated as they have done nothing but put us on lists , drive fear through state secrets .
Bush should have been impeached .
And I have no problem with him facing a world court for war crimes .
Of course this is just my opinion .
( as everything I say here is )
Sorry to see this thread go off there a bit , hopefully we are not fighting .
But I think if folks knew you a little better , they would show some love .
I kind of wanted to light a fire under ya for not posting your show info .
Did it work ?
o)
Hey ,
Get a website !
( One not owned or controlled by your station )
For you , considering you have a lot of important history to talk about , I suggest a combination of static pages , and a small blog .
It could just be show notes or what you are currently working on for the blog part .
I am sure a lot of folks would be interested in hearing about the trying times you went through back at that station .
( something other than wikipedia ) Maybe even a loving dedication section to your father , and what all he did .
Might deserve a website all on it's own .
It 's not something you 'd have to ( or even want to ) do all at once , as I do understand your pretty busy already .
here 's ol phil telling ya you need yet another set of bills and another giant confusing project in your plate --- AAAAAAACK !!
Seriously though , you have an interesting life .
I bet folks would love to hear about it in more detail .
Do n't shut yourself off in your wise years , and do n't allow other 's to control your image .
Be like me ...
Wreck it all on your own .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 9:15 pm PT ...
One other thing Christine , My cat and dog , and family thank you for the info on where to get clean food back when the melamine thing happened .
At the time they were going through one of those bags of the bad stuff ™
Thanks .
Seriously .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:27 pm PT ...
Yes .
You go after Obama too !
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:29 pm PT ...
No more D vs R. It 's RIGHT VS WRONG .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
Obama inherited this crap .
He has a choice to do the right thing .
100 days are up .
Actions are the new measure .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Coleen Rowley said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:35 pm PT ...
As Walter Mondale so aptly put it a few weeks ago : " the situation with torture is that we 've put a loaded gun on the kitchen table for anyone to walk by and pick up . "
As he said this , there were at least a dozen -- maybe I 'm naive and there are several dozen -- John
Yoo wannabes in various law schools and law firms who are writing law reviews and " academic " papers expanding on the use of " dark side " tactics including targeted assassinations that Seymour Hersh warned about .
These " dark side " tactics were previously considered to be illegal under international law or extremely murky and therefore risky if caught .
The wrong lesson that is unfortunately being learned from lack of accountability is that the " golden shield " legal memos will work to protect such wrongdoing .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:47 pm PT ...
The Torture photo's expose lack of discipline and accountability .
The discipline and accountability of which one of sound mind , and free will expects of someone taking an oath of loyalty , the discipline and accountability of someone who walks planet earth with the power to turn you into ash .
HONOR ITSELF .
Should we all just " Aim High " and start a shootin ?
If not now when ?
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:47 pm PT ...
Yeah Defend Guns too .
We need Weapons .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:48 pm PT ...
It 's not complex , it 's right vs. wrong .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:50 pm PT ...
CLARIFY THE OATH OF OFFICE .
I rather see them prosecuted IN this country , but I would n't refuse externals who have a valid reason to extradite .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
a jury of your " peers " if your peers are all corrupt is not a jury at all .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 11:01 pm PT ...
a jury of corrupt peers is a building block for fascism Compare the comments to the time in your show .
TTYL Christine
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/12/2009 @ 11:07 pm PT ...
TRT : 10:00 PM --- 11:00 PM
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... christine craft said on 6/13/2009 @ 3:10 am PT ...
no phil .. i never left the air .. I 've been at kgo for sixteen years plus .. i did the little local show .. during the last three years of my father 's life ... getting a caretaker in for those few hours daily .. locally ..so
I had some little time away from the pressures of constant caretaking , catheters , bathing , feeding , cleaning ...etc. it almost killed me .. but I adored my dad .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 6/13/2009 @ 5:52 am PT ...
no phil .. i never left the air .. I 've been at kgo for sixteen years plus I did n't know .
My understanding was " progressive talk radio " died in Sacramento after KSAC went south with their wonderful programming changes .
Remember this was just shortly after we lost our " Air America " station to ESPN .
Frustrated , I made a how - to stream stations from the web through their homes via FM radio .
I was n't going to be listening to Rush , Savage , Beck , and all the others .
I needed my Mike Malloy , Tom Hartman , Peter B , and Brad fix .
Currently there are zero progressive voices in Sacramento ( I know of ) on radio AM and FM .
( With the possible exception of George Noory which is really a class all of it's own . )
After KSAC went south , I started streaming " 540 kHz ( KXRA ) " , NOVA-M and Air America ( less so ) not everyone can do this for obvious reasons .
With my radios now tuned to my home FM station , I would n't be looking for skip on AM , specifically KGO .
Many folks get only ABC , CBS , NBC , FOX , and PBS .
So it 's no wonder there 's no outrage and 95 % of people on the street do n't know what an " electronic vote tabulation device " is or how it 's dangerous because it 's exploitable .
All in all you had a pretty good show .
Your right there are implications of prosecuting acting officials , but the message we send if we do n't do anything is they can do anything they want .
Not acceptable .
during the last three years of my father 's life
Do me a favor one day Christine , sit and write some stuff about your father some time .
Maybe the good stuff he did , Career , Childhood , and happier times you had with him , his message to the world , to us , etc .
I am not saying leave out the reality of the hard ship at the end , perhaps balance it some .
My dad was a jerk , sperm donor .
No story there other than what I just said in one incomplete sentence , I wo n't write about him .
I have no opportunity like you .
Occasionally , I write things about friend 's lives .
( Usually after they pass )
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Fan of Coleen Rowley said on 6/16/2009 @ 7:43 am PT ...
Recently retired Orange County Superior Court Judge James Gray is on a crusade .
You might think a conservative judge from a conservative county would advocate for the prohibition of marijuana , but – based on his experiences , he is adamantly pro legalization .
Witnessing first hand what he calls the utter failure of our current policies of drug prohibition – marijuana in particular – he cites unnecessary prison growth , increased taxes , increased crime and corruption , and loss of civil liberties as the unhealthy side effects of an anemic policy in need of drastic reform .
Regarding medical marijuana , he states :
“ Does marijuana work [ as medicine ] ?
Well , there ’s no direct evidence by a government study showing that marijuana is an effective medicine .
And you know something ?
They ’re right .
However , it ’s beyond hypocrisy for them because it ’s the federal government that controls the marijuana .
Numbers of reputable groups , the Centers for Disease Control , The University of California and others have requested to conduct the studies and they ’ve been deprived of that authorization …
The government affirmatively does not allow this research to take place and then they sanctimoniously say , ‘ well there ’s no research [ showing marijuana is medicine ] …’ it ’s beyond hypocrisy , I view it as Chutzpah ” ( audacity ) .
A little more on the problems our government has created for medical marijuana research ( source ) :
At present , the only way for medical marijuana to be properly evaluated by the FDA is for privately - funded sponsors to conduct FDA - approved clinical trials ( like any other drug evaluation ) .
[ If any progress is to be made on the medical marijuana research front , we must first ] remove the monopoly imposed by the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) on licenses for the cultivation of medical - grade cannabis for research purposes .
Currently , the DEA exclusively licenses the cultivation of medical - grade cannabis to the National Institute for Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) , which primarily investigates only the negative effects of cannabis .
This monopoly obstructs any investigation and research in the U.S. into the medical properties of cannabis and thwarts the normal drug approval process .
Listen to Judge Gray speak on medicinal marijuana :
Many police officers are asking the question : if prohibition did n’t work for alcohol , why are we in denial about it working for other things ?
Twilight Sisterhood is an unofficial fanpage dedicated to the world of the Twilight Saga by Stephenie Meyer .
We are in no way affiliated or have contact with Ms. Meyer ; or anyone else involved with the publishing and / or filming of these stories .
The articles , pictures , and news stories belong to their original suppliers and no copy right infringement was intended .
Private Snafu learns about the hazards of enemy booby traps the hard way .
This is one of 26 Private SNAFU ( ' Situation Normal , All Fouled Up ) cartoons made by the US Army Signal Corps to educate and boost the morale the troops .
Originally created by Theodore Geisel ( Dr. Seuss ) and Phil Eastman , most of the cartoons were produced by Warner Brothers Animation Studios - employing their animators , voice actors ( primarily Mel Blanc ) and Carl Stalling 's music .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : indianacarnie - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 23 , 2013
Subject : Excellent !
I 've loved these for years .
This one is a prime example of the series .
Decent quality and excellent writing .
Wish the Archives had the whole series as they are of interest to history buffs ( like me ) and to veterans in general ( like me :) ) - December 23 , 2013 Excellent !
Reviewer : Rockandegg - - April 10 , 2013
Subject :
No licence needed - thx Don't need to license it - its public domain .
- April 10 , 2013
No licence needed - thx
Reviewer : Framan - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 13 , 2008
Subject : Pretty easy viewing I enjoyed this piece of wartime relic quite enjoyable .
- January 13 , 2008 Pretty easy viewing
Reviewer : musicom - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 12 , 2007
Subject : STYLINGS OF CHUCK JONES
This particular cartoon certainly has the stylings of the illustrious Charles M. Jones all over it , as to whether Clampett directed it is questionable , but you REAL fans may also notice Rod Scribner 's touch in the earlier scenes ....
Good one !
musicom -- March 12 , 2007STYLINGS OF CHUCK JONES
Reviewer : CaptainCaveman - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 20 , 2006
Subject : Great WB stuff
That 's funny !
I like how Snafu makes it out , and then goes back in to get the right note .... boom !
lol - January 20 , 2006 Great WB stuff
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 10 , 2006
Subject : Buns Of Steel !
Very funny SNAFU comic here !
Watch out for booby traps !
Some obvious , some not !
Features the piano bomb gag that was used in a later Bugs cartoon ( I believe ) .
Worth watching !
- January 10 , 2006Buns Of Steel !
Reviewer : Karma Hawk - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 13 , 2005
Subject : " wonder if this is one of them thier booby traps "
This film does n't really teach a lot , it was probobly made more for laughs than to educate , but still it has a simple measage AVOID BOOBY TRAPS .
And let me tell you the animators really go all out on the booby trap idea thiers lots of them in this flick from dropawsy floors to exploding pianos .
At the end of it all Snafu goes in and get 's blown up by an exploding piano which is kind of funny in that it 's so rediculous .
The animation is also really good , so much so that in the begining shot you might think that Snafu is marching in front of a real life backdrop .
Overall good cartoon with good animation to boot .
- April 13 , 2005 " wonder if this is one of them thier booby traps "
Reviewer : nborders - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 24 , 2004
Subject : Amazing !!!
I have always wanted to watch a SNAFU cartoon after seeing all of the Warner Bros cartoons .
These do not disapoint , Mel Blanc 's voices and the great imagry of the WB cartoon crew make these SNAFU cartoons great .
Plus placeing these cartoons in their time , I 'm sure our boys in WWII gladly appreciated them .
- November 24 , 2004 Amazing !!!
Reviewer : dynayellow - favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 3 , 2004
Subject : The Odd to hear a cartoon character swear , but this was for soldiers , I suppose .
Sort of the Ur text for Bugs Bunny cartoons , we get not only the Piano Gag , but the wonderfully obvious ( yet seldom performed ) " booby " trap joke .
- November 3 , 2004The
Even though I was active and outspoken during the 2004 debate on the ban on religious symbols in French schools , I have no definite opinions on the voile intégral — the burqa , sitar or khimar .
But the French parliamentary inquiry has now been launched , and for the next six months , a debate will take place .
The outcome is unknown .
When the Stasi commission was set up , all the senior members ( except for two ) were opposed to legislating on religions symbols .
During the hearings , young Muslims told them that if the veil was authorised in public schools , they would be forced to wear it .
All the senior members , except one , subsequently asked for a law .
But this debate is different : those in favour of the veil are not vocal in supporting the voile intégral .
Dounia Bouzar , an anthropologist who is otherwise inclined to oppose any prohibition , refers to the " cultish practice " of burqa supporters .
Conservative Muslims and those sympathetic to them are protesting against the inquiry , but with uncharacteristic reserve .
And the debate was initiated by a communist deputé , but supported by the rightwing majority in parliament .
So will we need a broad and all - encompassing law on Islamic garments , or various decrees addressing one issue after another , as they arise ?
In France , women who wear the voile intégral do it by choice , not by obligation .
This is n't an exotic symbol , but a political one .
We 're used to showing our faces on a daily basis , as part of our identity : picking up a parcel at the post office , collecting children from Kindergarten .
But what then , for women whose face can not be seen ?
In what case would a political position , even one stemming from religious conviction , put someone above the law ?
This is n't a question of religious freedom , but of equality before the law .
In other words , women wearing the burqa are n't asserting their right not to be discriminated against – they 're asking for specific rights .
If the commission supports the right to wear the burqa , French society will need to look at changing some of its habits .
Here , the public space is a bit like a herbal infusion : the flavours of many different plants are present , but by blending together they create harmony of sorts .
It 's possible that we could choose to make our tea by singling out some of those leaves for different treatment – we 've never tried it , but why not ?
It would , however , mean that we'd be moving from universality to separatism .
Today , our freedom of expression is only curbed by laws against the incitement of racial hatred .
If the government supports the burqa , we would have to consider how to deal with a different type of situation .
An Algerian chef whose sister died when extremists cut her throat recently told me that she would never serve a woman wearing a niqab , because she saw it as a symbol of support for those who murdered her sibling .
Today , her attitude could send her to court for racism and refusal to serve a client on discriminatory grounds .
If the burqa was legitimised , there would be no reason to permit one political discourse and not two , something which would risk out social cohesion .
Another point : how can we reconcile specific rights with universal ones ?
If by some sort of magic trick a woman maintained that she was consenting to her own discrimination , what would happen if she later changed her mind ?
A German judge recently ruled in favour of a violent man who beat his wife because , according to her , the woman knew what was in store for her since her husband had made his views clear on the question .
Will we accept that some citizens are less equal than others ?
Finally , it would be wise to remember France and the UK are not one and the same – we really do not live in the same country .
Some 79 % of French Muslims are said to feel strongly attached to the French principle of secularism , also known as laïcité , whereas polls have suggested that 40 % of British Muslims would prefer laws based on sharia .
But Muslims who settled in the UK did it by choice , and often for economic reasons ; they did n't flee anything .
In France , Muslims are active at the grassroots level on the left .
Many are political refugees who escaped from a form of politicised Islam .
In the UK , Ken Livingstone could afford to welcome Yusuf al - Qaradawi – the man who , with reference to homosexuality , openly wonders whether it is best first to kill the " active " or the " passive " one .
In France , this would be like spitting in the face of Algerian and Iranian political refugees .
Given that women wearing the niqab do it by conviction , they can always do it in countries which tolerate such practices – such as Great Britain .
But for many Algerian and Iranian women , France is their only refuge from political Islam .
I am still unsure if a law prohibiting the voile intégral is necessary , or even possible .
I am waiting to hear the different points of view that will be aired during the investigation .
But because I am of the left , I will say that I will mainly listen to Muslim democrats .
All the made up , fake outrage by the Republicans against Speaker Nancy Pelosi is just trumped up bullshit .
Really , it is .
I wrote that the GOP needs someone , something to make noise and it is Pelosi since she called the CIA out .
And all this utter bullshit about the honor of the CIA is just a " rolleye " moment .
The CIA or " the company " is a product of secrecy .
If anyone thinks that the CIA will look you in the eye and tell you the honest truth , stop smoking and drinking .
This is an agency that LIES , period .
And they have LIED to congress , many times .
Sure , I do n't like stating this , but hell , wake up folks .
How in the hell did we get into Iraq ?
It was based on lies trumped up by that Bush crew with George Tenet manufacturing trumped up evidence to substantiate going to war .
Do n't believe me , watch PBS ' Frontline documentary " Bush 's War " .
It is all there .
So , please let 's just stop it with the GOP talking points of " The CIA do n't lie " , YES THEY MOST CERTAINLY , DO .
And now others are coming forward challenging the CIA and their so - called NOTES .
New questions surfaced Wednesday about the accuracy of a CIA document meant to settle who in Congress knew about severe interrogation methods approved by the Bush administration .
Three new errors appeared to emerge in the CIA 's matrix of 40 congressional briefings on so - called enhanced interrogation techniques .
Those techniques include waterboarding , a form of simulated drowning , which President Barack Obama has called torture .
The CIA acknowledged one of the errors but continued to stand by its version of events in the other two cases .
read more here ....
A firehose of real - time FAA radar data might not sound like the best way to have divined John McCain 's vice presidential pick during last year 's US presidential campaign ; better to just cast lots , read the tea leaves , and make a wildly overconfident guess like the rest of the DC punditocracy .
But thanks to an innovative website called FlightAware and a bit of digital sleuthing , plane data did in fact identify the VP pick as Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .
When McCain went to Ohio to announce his choice of a running mate , Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic noted the " journey of a sturdy Gulfstream 5 with the tail number of N22GY .
Anchorage , Alaska to Hook Municipal Field in Ohio. Nearby Dayton. 30 miles away .
And the plane was in Flagstaff , AZ recently . "
The plane was also registered to a big Republican donor .
Ambinder used the popular flight - tracking website FlightAware to piece together this information and to display the plane 's flight path on a map of the country .
He 's not the only one using FlightAware for reasons that have nothing to do with aviation , either .
When the Alabama Crimson Tide were looking for a new football coach back in 2007 , FlightAware was the tool of choice for tracking the school 's private plane and the private planes of other schools around the country .
The New York Times took a look at the rabid fan speculation fueled by such flight scrutiny .
" Was South Carolina Coach Steve Spurrier flying into Tuscaloosa Regional Airport ? " fans wondered .
" Was a plane owned by the University of Alabama departing for Norman , Okla . , perhaps with university officials on their way to court Sooners Coach Bob Stoops ? "
Then , of course , there 's the fascination of pulling up the flight plans and maps of doomed aircraft , like US Airways flight 1549 that landed in the Hudson .
Even in Australia , newspapers were citing FlightAware and using its imagery of the plane 's brief journey and descent into water .
A six - minute trip into the Hudson
FlightAware is an incredible mashup of radar data , air traffic controller records , flight plans , and maps .
Like any great mashup , it provides the public with a new window into an opaque room , and usage has exploded — often in surprising ways .
But this is no ordinary mashup ; FlightAware sucks in more than 1GB of new data every day , tracking almost every commercial flight in the US almost in real - time , and maintaining a historical database that now tops 60 million flights .
Getting the system up and running posed major scalabilty challenges , but the team behind the site solved them with open - source tools , a custom XML feed interpreter , and set of powerful servers .
I spoke with Karl Lehenbauer and David McNett , two of the three partners behind the site , about turning a mashup into a full - time job , handling so much data on a daily basis , and the business case for giving back to open source projects .
Backing into business
Karl Lehenbauer
FlightAware was n't intended to be a job ; it was meant to be a resource for the three pilot partners to use for tracking their own flights .
It has " been a labor of love for us , " says Lehenbauer , one that first launched on someone 's personal computer , a machine with 1GB of RAM and a single - core processor .
That was fine when a few friends used the tool , but when it was posted to an internal Microsoft mailing list for pilots , FlightAware jumped from 11 users to 1,000 users overnight .
It was then that the team realized , " We need a real server . "
As the public gradually became aware of just how useful it could be to have near - realtime access to flights , every new air incident brought in more users .
When Nike 's corporate jet — carrying all the top executives — had a landing gear problem and circled the Boston airport for three hours before touching down safely , FlightAware 's user numbers jumped again , from " 1,100 to 11,000 . "
And so on .
But mapping tens of thousands of flights every day is no simple task .
FlightAware 's system first has to integrate numerous data sources , including a " firehose " of non-archived FAA data ; if FlightAware 's systems miss anything from the FAA stream due to downtime , network problems , or processing issues , that data is gone and can't be retrieved .
David McNett
Most of the data sources arrive in XML format and require substantial parsing before they can be used .
There are obvious issues , such as the fact that three different datasets record latitude and longitude numbers in three different ways .
But the problem runs much deeper ; much of the data received is " very , very poor . "
Typos , conflicting information , out - of - bounds data — it 's all common .
Much of the information is typed in by air traffic controllers , working quickly ; other position data might come from two different radar installations as a plane passes between zones in the US air grid , and the positioning data might not match .
" It 's been fun " to figure this out , says Lehenbauer .
" Fundamentally , it 's a reputation challenge . "
Whose data do you trust , and when ?
The feed interpreter that makes sense of this mound of data is one of the company 's most closely - held assets .
After undergoing its scrubdown , the clean data has to be stored .
Jamming that much data directly into databases quickly led to database corruption problems , so the FlightAware coders wrote their own memory - resident database in C .
The program holds onto the last 24 hours of activity in a couple gigabytes of RAM , only pushing it out into a PostgreSQL database for archiving after a day has passed ( using Oracle was simply too expensive , and the team was n't thrilled with Microsoft 's database solutions ) .
The autonomous sub or AUV called Nereus has reached the world ’s deepest abyss .
On May 31 Nereus , with help from a team from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , reached the Challenger Deep abyss in the Mariana Trench .
The trench is near the country territory of Guam .
Nereus was able to reach a depth of 6.8 miles deep .
To be able to reach that depth , the robot had to withstand pressures 1,000 times that of what we experience on the Earth ’s surface .
The robot can be operated via a fiber - optic tether or put on autonomous mode .
In tether or ROV mode , Nereus also has a manipulator arm and sample basket to collect ocean floor samples , as well as cameras and sonar that allow it to make a map of the ocean floor .
Check out a cool interactive tour of Nereus here .
Link via ( New Scientist )
California was a much different place when Lucy , Ricky Ethel and Fred sang this rousing rendition of California Here I Come on the I Love Lucy Show , episode 110 , season 4 , original air date
1/10/1955 ( Thanks IMDB )
“ What would they sing now ? ” Dunno , but Let ’s see what our Governor is singing :
“ just three months after our February budget , we once again face a $ 24 billion deficit .
California ’s day of reckoning is here .
We have no time to waste .
The controller has told us that we have 14 days to act or California is at risk of running out of cash .
I ’ve already used my executive authority to reduce the state payroll and I ’ve proposed the necessary cuts to the three largest areas of our budget , which is education , health care and prisons .
Wait just a gosh durned second ….
SAVE EDUCATION !!!
If we do n’t teach our kids to be smart and to do math , we ’ll never get out of this mess …
And if some of the members of the state ’s legislature went to school in California please - get them off the budget committee !
Wonder how much of the budget is wasted year after year fighting fires that would n’t have to be fought if crews went out into the dense brush with weed - wackers ?
Firefighting cost were around $ 8 billion bucks last year .
Multiply firefighting costs over the last 10 years , and it does n’t take a 6th grader to see why we ’re going down .
What about all that money the state lost because of Open Space ?
Once you take land off the tax rolls you say buh - bye to property taxes ?
Open space pays no taxes .
We must also restructure the relationship between state and local government .
We all hear from the local officials about the heavy hand of Sacramento .
On the coast of California its more like a heavy boot .
I ’m also proposing once again to eliminate and consolidate more than a dozen state departments , boards and commissions .
These include the Waste Management Board , the Court Reporters Board , the Department of Boating and Waterways and the Inspection and Maintenance Review Committee and so on .
Hmmm - nothing about California Coastal Commission .
I ’m also proposing to sell off state property , because Sacramento should not be in the real estate business , especially when we are in a fiscal crisis like this .
Ding , ding , ding !
Wait a second gov .
You forget !
You are in the real estate business … that ’s why organizations like the CCC exist and conservancies like Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy exist ….
so you take , I mean get , free land to sell for profit .
Sounds kinda rotten to me .
Why not give back all the land you ’ve taken , not you per se , but state organizations have taken on your behalf , and give it back to the people you took it from ?
At least then people can pay taxes on it … if they still have jobs ..
Let ’s meet those challenges head - on without gimmicks .
I do n’t want to hand these problems to the next Governor and I know that you do n’t want to hand them to the next Legislature .
Is n’t that what you would call a gimmick ?
So I have faith in all of you .
I have faith in our ability to once again come together for the good of our state .
You mean … put the state first ?
Instead of self - interest ?
Gee , can that be done ?
So I say let ’s move forward and put California back on the path to prosperity .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Source : Governor ’s Press Office
One sure path to prosperity is to give the farmers back their land you took for open space so they can grow the food the people need .
The other sure path is to manage the brush , I mean : fuel load , so we do n’t get any more huge fires like Santa Barbara that we can’t pay for anyway .
Sounds to me like : California , say buh - bye .
Tags : Arnold Schwarzenegger , California Coastal Commission , California Legislature , california wildfires , California 's day of reckoning , I Love Lucy , Santa Barbara Fire , Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy
One of the most common forms of litter are cigarette butts .
Â
Once these butts enter waterways , they become toxic to fish .
Â
According to a new study by San Diego Sate University ( SDSU ) , filter - tipped cigarette butts are deadly to marine and freshwater fish .
Â
In fact , researchers would like to have the butts classified as hazardous waste .
Cigarette butts are not biodegradable .
The filters are made up of 12,000 plastic - like cellulose acetate fibers that trap nicotine and tar .
Â
There ’s enough nicotine trapped in 200 used cigarette filters to kill a human !
Â Â
An estimated 1.69 billion pounds of butts are littered each year worldwide , so you can imagine the negative effects these butts have on aquatic life when they wash into streams and oceans .
Â SDSU Public Health Professor Tom Novotny explains , “ It is toxic at rather low concentrations .
Even one butt in a liter of water can kill the fish in a period of 96 hours . ”
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWQKbE9ckps&feature=player_embedded
Lead researcher Richard Gersberg studied three types of cigarettes : Â smoked filtered cigarettes without tobacco , smoked filtered cigarettes with tobacco , and clean un - smoked filtered cigarettes .
All three types killed half of the fish in low concentration , although researchers at SDSU found the filter and its remnants are the most toxic part of a cigarette for fish .
Â Professor Novotny continues :
When they unconsciously throw their butts onto the ground , it ’s not just litter , it ’s a toxic hazardous waste product , and that ’s what we ’re trying to say .
So that may be regulated at the local or state level .
And we hope people will be more conscious about what they do with these cigarette butts .
If you are a cigarette smoker or know someone that is , please dispose of your butts appropriately .
What you get :
Domain name : BoldDream.com
Logo design
Design concepts
Buy bolddream.com $ 3295 Buy now Prefer to pay in instalments ?
Learn more Pay in instalments Spread over 3 months 6 months
Business brand name for sale
This domain is perfect for a business brand .
Length
BoldDream has nine letters and just two syllables .
Two syllable names make popular global brands .
Established brands using two syllable names include Disney , Facebook and Pepsi .
TLD Excellent
Bolddream.com is a dot com domain .
Dot com domains are the most popular , and the most valuable .
Once secured , a dot com all but guarantees no - one else can outrank you for your own name in the long run .
These words document the construction of a binary static analysis framework .
We can safely say that there is no shortage of underpowered , ARM netbooks or " smartbooks " here at Computex 2009 .
After checking out Qualcomm 's Snapdragon and Nvidia 's Tegra platforms , we headed over to Freescale Semiconductors to check out some smartbooks running on its i.MX515 platform .
On display at Freescale was a netbook made by Pegatron and another made by Wistron .
We spent some time with the 10 - inch Wistron N900z and got a good feel for the performance .
As for the hardware , the Wistron N900z is n't going to win any design awards with its fairly basic look .
However , we did like the island keyboard 's rubberized keys , which are reminiscent of those on the OLPC XO .
The touchpad on the netbook was almost unusable which is why an external mouse was hooked up to it .
The Wistron N900z was running a 800MHz Freescale processor and had a 4GB SSD which booted into Ubuntu .
OpenOffice Writer took close to 15 seconds to launch and we then opened Firefox ( though we were n't connected to the Net ) .
Running both programs did n't tax the system too heavily .
However , when we ran a video clip it was sluggish to start with the other programs open .
With them closed , the video clip played back smoothly .
Check out the video playback experience in our video below .
The Wistron N900z should get over 10 hours of battery life .
Freescale did n't have any word on time to market , but they expect these types of smartbooks to be priced below $ 200 .
[ flq:20e044de1b6d4a4888388f6d73229aac ]
Lawsuit :
Age bias in firing of Houston strip - club waitress EEOC says age bias behind firing of strip - club waitress
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has sued a strip club business , alleging the Houston company fired a waitress because of her age .
Mary Bassi , who was 56 at the time of her termination , worked at Cover Girls , where she was allegedly subjected to disparaging remarks .
According to the lawsuit , which was filed last week in federal court , she was frequently called “ old ” by managers and endured comments about experiencing menopause and showing signs of Alzheimer ’s disease .
Lauren Serper , an employment lawyer representing AHD Houston , said she has n’t seen a copy of the lawsuit and did n’t want to discuss the details .
But she said the club has strict anti-discrimination policies , has zero tolerance for violations and intends to vigorously defend the case .
Serper said she was also surprised by the filing because June was the last time she had heard from the EEOC about the case .
Bassi , who did not want to comment on the case , had worked as a waitress for AHD Houston and its affiliated enterprises since 1993 .
Before she worked at Cover Girls , she worked at Centerfolds , according to the EEOC .
“ She made a lot of money , her customers liked her , and she sold a lot of liquor , ” said Connie Wilhite , the EEOC lawyer in charge of the case .
Wilhite said Bassi earned in the high five figures or low six figures as a full - time server until she was terminated in 2006 .
Wilhite said that about a year earlier , Cover Girls began to hire younger women and gave them the shifts that Bassi normally worked .
AHD Houston and its affiliated enterprises own five strip clubs including Centerfolds , Treasures , Gold Cup , Trophy Club and Spendor , said Wilhite .
Cover Girls burned down in 2007 and has n’t been rebuilt .
Bassi , now 59 , is working as a waitress for a competitor , Wilhite said .
“ It does n’t matter what industry you work in , ” Wilhite said .
“ You are still protected by anti-discrimination laws . ”
lm.sixel@chron.com
The idea behind Blu-ray Managed Copy sounds good — it'll let you make one full - res backup copy of a Blu-ray disc , and studios are required to support it beginning next year .
But needing brand new hardware is just the start .
Advertisement
So , the Managed Copy spec , long in the making , has just been finalized by the Advanced Access Content System License Administrator — the Blu-ray DRM dudes — and now it has to be finalized by the studios , manufacturers , Blu-ray licensers , and likely , the Blu-mpa Lumpas .
Advertisement
Supposing they finalize it , then you still need hardware that supports Managed Copy — not the cheap Blu-ray player you got this Christmas , or even one you 'll buy this Christmas .
We 're talking 2010 .
And even if the right player falls off the back of a truck in 2009 , the AACS authorization server wo n't be running until 2010 .
Okay , it 's 2010 , and you have the right hardware .
So you pop in your disc and tell the player to authorize a managed copy — which the studio can charge you for , so it 's not like you 're making a copy , you 're purchasing an additional copy at a lower cost , one using materials that you provide .
( Raise your hand high if think studios are gonna not charge .
Okay , everyone throw stuff at these people . )
If you decide it 's worth it , you can put the managed copy on another Blu-ray disc , DVD , Windows Media DRM - compatible storage , SD card , etc .
Oh yeah , if you grab the 50 GB full - res copy , where are you gonna store 'em all ?
What a mess .
And besides , who honestly watches real Blu-ray ?
We 'll take the far simpler Digital Copy , thanks .
[ Video Business via Blu-ray ]
why you should go easy on the soda pop
While you probably should n't over - indulge in sugary beverages anyway , going overboard on soda might be especially bad for you ...
Do you drink more than two liters of soft drinks a day ?
While that might sound like a lot , it ’s actually a big gulp sized drink and a few cans here and there for a total of 67.6 fluid oz .
And if you keep drinking that much cola or more long enough , you may increase your risk of hypokalemia , a muscle condition in which potassium levels in the bloodstream are diluted so much , vital muscle functions are affected .
The research , done by a trio of Greek medical experts , shows that consuming between 2 and 9 liters of soda on a regular basis interferes with the way our body retains potassium .
Seems that a combination of glucose , fructose and caffeine contained in soft drinks may be to blame , although how is yet to be determined .
Caffeine seems to be the worst offender according to previous studies on caffeine intoxication , but the effects and their severity may vary from person to person .
So take note of how much soda you drink .
You can always have too much of a good thing …
See : Tsimihodimos , V. , et. al. ( 2009 ) .
Cola - induced hypokalaemia International Journal of Clinical Practice , 63 ( 6 ) , 900 –902 DOI : 10.1111/j.1742–1241.2009.02051.x
Irish child abuse : The Ryan Report cover-up
By Steve James
26 May 2009
For all the details of sadistic physical , sexual , emotional abuse , neglect and brutalisation of children in Ireland ’s industrial school system , the report of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse ( CICA ) is a cover up .
Nine years of hearings , the probing of hundreds of childhood hells , have resulted in a huge report — five volumes and 3,000 pages — which will not lead to the prosecution of those individually or collectively guilty of crimes against thousands of children .
Neither has political responsibility been attributed .
The report by Judge Sean Ryan continues to obscure the role of the Catholic Church , which is an essential element of the Irish state , and successive governments in operating a cruel workhouse system through which at least 170,000 children passed through in the middle decades of the twentieth century .
Even the publication of the report was characterised by official arrogance , contempt and indifference to former inmates who braved hearings and interviews , including cross examination by representatives of the religious orders in whose schools they were incarcerated and brutalised .
Paddy Doyle , wheelchair bound , attempted to attend publication of the report last week in the Conrad Hotel , Dublin and was confronted by locked doors , PR and security men .
When other victims of abuse managed to force their way into the hearing , police were called .
Co-ordinator of the campaign group Survivors of Child Abuse , John Kelly , told the press from the steps of the hotel , “ There is nothing by way of justice in any means significant in this report , nothing ... We were encouraged by this commission and by the former Taoiseach to open our wounds .
We did this and they ’ve been left gaping open . ”
The Irish state has consistently refused to take any real action against the perpetrators .
This is not only because it is complicit , by its silence , in the abuses .
More fundamentally , it was dependent upon the Catholic Church to force submission onto numerous poor children exploited as cheap labour in its industrial school system .
The report was only commissioned in 1999 following decades in which the appalling conditions in the industrial religious schools were common knowledge .
From as early as 1961 news broadcasts , films , plays and countless personal experiences led to numerous complaints being filed against schools .
Yet only in 1999 did then Taoiseach Bertie Ahern commission the CICA inquiry under Judge Mary Laffoy .
Laffoy published interim reports and reportedly won respect from the survivor groups , but found her investigations hampered by the Department of Education and the Church .
Laffoy resigned in 2003 and Judge Sean Ryan was appointed .
In 2004 , Ryan struck a deal to ensure continued participation from the religious orders , agreeing not to name those accused of abuse .
The hundreds of religious brothers , nuns and lay persons accused of abuse have been given pseudonyms in the CICA report .
Only those previously convicted of child abuse are named .
Another deal in 2002 limited the financial liability of the orders to compensation claims to a maximum of € 128 million .
The CICA report nevertheless does make clear the horrifying crimes of the child - care system .
Dealing mainly with the period between 1930 and 1970 , the commission interviewed 1,090 former residents of 216 schools , reformatories and day schools — 90 percent of whom said they had been physically abused and over 500 sexually abused .
Compiling other information from the Department of Education , the Vatican and the schools themselves , the commission concluded that some 800 individuals were identified as having physically or sexually abused children in their care .
Nothing more clearly condemns the political system that emerged from the partition of Ireland , the accommodation reached between the Irish bourgeoisie , the Catholic Church , and the former imperialist master in Britain , than the protracted existence of a children ’s gulag intended to provide cheap pliant , unskilled , largely agricultural , Catholic labour .
Ireland maintained the industrial school system , run by various Catholic , orders until the 1970s .
Journalist Bruce Arnold wrote in the Irish Independent , “ The report contains nothing about the steady flow of reform in the British system of childcare , begun by Winston Churchill when he was Home Secretary and continued throughout the grim period in which Tomas Derrig was our Minister for Education .
From 1932 , Derrig placed an iron fist on top of the smouldering drum of industrial school illegality and did nothing at all .
Irregularly , cases came up in the court , the press and in the Dail .
They cried out for investigation .
Derrig always refused .
Investigation was generally refused by other ministers .
Nothing is said of this in the report . ”
Arnold also noted that the report contains no serious assessment of the role of the District Courts , from which children were committed to the schools .
The young people forced into the system — some 1.2 percent of the childhood population between 1936 and 1970 — were from the poorest backgrounds .
At any time between 5,000 and 6,000 were held in around 50 or so boarding institutions .
Children would be referred by the courts for begging , having no visible means of subsistence , no obvious guardian , being in the charge of parents who were in prison , or had criminal or otherwise dubious reputations .
Others were referred for petty offences including non-attendance at school .
Young girls who had been raped were sent to reformatories .
Most of the industrial schools held around 250 children .
The largest , Artane near Dublin , held around 800 .
They were universally characterised by violence , fear , neglect , hunger , poor clothing , cold and miserable conditions , bullying , poor education , emotional , physical and sexual abuse .
The greatest numbers of industrial schools were run by the Christian Brothers , which opened its first school in Dublin in 1870 and expanded operations to the UK , Australia , Canada , Gibraltar , India and the United States and still operates in 26 countries .
The Christian Brothers recruited young , often badly educated men from the age of 14 onwards , who took permanent vows of chastity and silence from the age of 25 .
They were entirely untrained , learning only by the primitive and brutal practice of their elders .
The report notes , “ The Christian Brothers became a powerful and dominant organisation in the State and were responsible for providing primary and post primary education to the majority of Catholic boys in the country . ”
Industrial Schools were funded on a per-capita basis , encouraging the orders to cram in as many children as possible .
The section on Artane notes reasons for committal between 1940 and 1969 : 1,374 children were committed for “ improper guardianship ” , 1,045 for bad school attendance , 720 for destitution , 227 for being homeless , 220 for larceny , 90 for other crimes .
These children were plunged into a medieval environment , with the report compiling a vast litany of atrocities .
A few examples are enough .
A letter from the head of the school warns Brother Beaufort , “ You are passionate in your dealings with the boys .
In fact at times you show so little control of your temper that you are in danger of inflicting serious bodily harm on the boys by your manner of correcting them . ”
One victim was picked up and thrown around a class by Brother Beaufort , knocked unconscious , and was only saved by the intervention of another Brother .
The child suffered lacerations , broken teeth , eye and neck injuries .
All the staff carried leather straps which were freely used on children .
A Brother Oliver repeatedly beat children with particular violence .
One victim reported , “ I was running trying to get away from him .
He hit me , it did n’t matter where , legs , back , head , anywhere ... ”
Oliver forced one 12 - year - old child to lick excrement from his shoes .
Instruments of punishment included rubber from a pram wheel , hurley sticks , hurley balls , fists , finger nails and fan belts .
One child ’s hand was held in boiling water .
Boys were repeated pulled around by the hair , punched , strapped for crimes such as being left handed , being slow , tearing a blanket , having worn out shoes .
Another inmate commented , “ You do n’t seem to understand , the place was built on terror , regular beatings were just accepted .
What you ’re hearing about is the bad ones , but we accepted as normal run of the mill from the minute you got up , that some time in that day you would get beaten . ”
Sexual abuse was rife .
Artane ’s staff hosted a number of Brothers who had repeatedly been warned for “ embracing and fondling ” boys .
Two such paedophiles went on to be hung for child murder in Canada .
Others accused of rape , beat or bribed their victims into silence .
Accused Brothers were invariably excused , lightly admonished or , typically , moved to other institutions where they were free to continue abusing children for decades .
The children provided cheap labour for running the institutions .
A 1957 report by the Department of Education complained , “ These lads really make the running of Artane possible yet in all the apartments devoted to the farm and the trades there is not a single toilet or wash - basin for these boys .
They come into their meals in a shocking condition , hands , faces and clothes are covered with the grime of the trades , boots , stockings and portions of the trousers often soaking from working in the cowhouse or the manure pit . ”
St Vincent ’s Industrial School , Goldenbridge featured in two broadcasts , “ Dear Daughter ” and “ States of Fear ” , which undermined the official silence on the schools .
Run by the Sisters of Mercy , young girls were held in conditions of neglect and near starvation , subject to repeated beatings .
One victim summed up the lasting impact of their experience .
Their comments could apply to the entire system .
“ The screaming of children , the screaming of children will stay with me for the rest of my life about Goldenbridge .
I still hear it , I still have n’t recovered from that .
Children crying and screaming , it was just endless , it never never stopped for years in that place . ”
The report is available from here : http://www.childabusecommission.com/rpt/
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 27 , 2009 Monday , April 27 , 2009
There are some factors that suggest the swine flu killing people in Mexico may be a biological weapon , but obviously no such conclusion can be drawn at this time .
The World Health Organization and the U.S. government have been quick to deny such claims .
The swine flu virus is described as a completely new strain , an intercontinental mixture of human , avian and swine viruses .
Tellingly , there have been no reported A - H1N1 infections of pigs .
According to a source known to former NSA official Wayne Madsen , “ A top scientist for the United Nations , who has examined the outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in Africa , as well as HIV / AIDS victims , concluded that H1N1 possesses certain transmission “ vectors ” that suggest that the new flu strain has been genetically - manufactured as a military biological warfare weapon .
Madsen claims that his source , and another in Indonesia , “ Are convinced that the current outbreak of a new strain of swine flu in Mexico and some parts of the United States is the result of the introduction of a human - engineered pathogen that could result in a widespread global pandemic , with potentially catastrophic consequences for domestic and international travel and commerce . ”
However , it ’s important to stress that it is far too early to make this assumption .
We have to bear in mind that the number of victims has been comparatively low when one considers the fact that hundreds of thousands in Mexico contract infectious diseases every year related to poverty like tuberculosis and malaria .
[ efoods ]
Fort Detrick , the U.S. Army Medical Command installation that was the source of the 2001 anthrax attacks , is again attracting suspicion in light of the swine flu panic after it was revealed that criminal investigators are probing whether virus samples recently went missing from its biolabs .
“ Chad Jones , spokesman for Fort Meade , said CID is investigating the possibility of missing virus samples from the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , ” reports The Frederick News .
In February , USAMRIID halted their work when virus samples were discovered that were not listed in its inventory .
Criminal investigators from the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Division unit at Fort Meade are now probing whether virus samples are missing from the Army ’s top biolab , which also studies pathogens including ebola , anthrax and plague .
Obviously , in light of the current swine flu scare , and the new strain ’s possible synthetic origin , the fact that virus samples may have gone missing from the same Army research lab from which the 2001 anthrax strain was released is extremely disturbing .
A 2008 FBI and DOJ investigation concluded that Bruce Edwards Irvins , a microbiologist , vaccinologist , and senior biodefense researcher at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID ) in Fort Detrick , Maryland , was responsible for mailing anthrax to members of Congress and the media in September and October 2001 .
The fact that Irvins apparently committed suicide shortly before the announcement led many to suspect that he was a patsy in a wider plot .
Despite the suspicious circumstances , no autopsy was carried out on Irvins ’ body .
His attorney was certain that Irvins , who had cooperated with the 6 - year investigation , was innocent of the five anthrax deaths .
The Department of Justice initially considered Dr. Steven Jay Hatfill to be a strong suspect in the anthrax attacks , but he later sued the government and won $ 5.8 million in damages .
A New York Times piece on Irvins ’ suicide asked the hypothetical question : “ What if Dr. Hatfill had committed suicide in 2002 , as friends feared he might ?
Would the investigators have released their evidence and announced that the perpetrator was dead ? ”
Fears that a mass pandemic was being readied as a biological attack have rumbled on in the conspiracy community ever since 9/11 .
Investigators point to the highly unusual number of deaths of top microbiologists to suggest that people with knowledge of the program are being eliminated .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Quick Vote
What will you do with your income tax refund ?
Spend it
Save it
Not getting a refund or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Experts say consumers are unlikely to see their area mall disappear after General Growth Properties , the second - largest mall owner in the country , filed for bankruptcy Thursday .
" It will be business as usual for consumers and stores in these malls , " said Ivan Friedman , president & CEO of RCS Retail Real Estate Advisors
He also said that it 's very rare for a mall to be shut down .
Chicago - based General Growth Properties ( GGP ) , which owns more than 200 malls nationwide , was forced to seek bankruptcy protection after failing to raise capital to service its debt .
Among its malls are South Street Seaport in New York , Water Tower Place in Chicago , Cumberland Mall in Georgia and Glendale Galleria in California .
Although real estate experts characterized GGP 's situation as probably the single biggest commercial real estate bankruptcy in history , they expect that event will likely have " no implications " for consumers .
Unlike retailers such as Circuit City and Linens 'N Things , which ultimately went out of business because their concept lost relevance with shoppers , Friedman and others said General Growth 's problems are more finance - related rather than consumer - driven .
Also , at a time when mall vacancies are at record highs , " [ GGPs ] malls are still 90 % occupied , " said Victor Calanog , director of research with retail real estate firm Reis .
" GGP operate fairly high - quality malls both in terms of locations and types of stores , " he said .
Even if GGP puts some of its malls on the market as part of its restructuring efforts under Chapter 11 , Calanog believes the company will ultimately find buyers because of their attractive locations .
Said Friedman , " GGP does n't really have any weak malls in its portfolio .
The malls will be around .
The company is n't going out of business . "
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A sardine feeding frenzy has been captured on camera in remarkable detail .
A BBC crew filmed thousands of sharks and dolphins , as well as elusive Bryde 's whales , feasting on shoals .
The footage also revealed gannets ' deft underwater hunting skills as they dived to catch sardines .
Each winter , cool ocean currents drive millions of the small fish northwards along the eastern coast of South Africa .
These immense shoals , squeezed into this narrow cold - water corridor , provide an incredible feeding opportunity for the predators that live in and around these waters .
You have to be on the water , waiting and waiting and waiting for the ideal conditions
Hugh Pearson
The sardine run forms part of the BBC Natural History Unit series : Nature 's Great Events .
However , despite the epic scale of this spectacle , filming it was not easy .
Hugh Pearson , who produced The Great Tide , said : " It is an annual event , but by its nature it is not predictable and it is very difficult to find - the shoals are found over such a vast expanse of sea . "
The team used microlites to track down the sardines , allowing helicopter , boat - based and underwater crews to capture the feeding frenzy in extensive detail .
Mr Pearson said : " You have to be on the water , waiting and waiting and waiting for the ideal conditions .
" But when it happens , and you have the best action and the best predators in clean water - once you get all of those in one place , you can just clean up .
" It happened to be the best year for baitballs in a long time . "
Underwater cameraman Didier Noirot , who has worked with Jacques Cousteau for more than a decade , managed to capture armies of sharks , dolphins and seabirds as they gorged on the swirling shoals .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
His footage also helped to reveal more about they way that gannets hunt .
Mr Pearson said : " Rather than simply diving , catching a fish and bringing it back up to the surface , Didier found that the gannets were ' arrowing down ' to a depth of 10 m ( 30 ft ) , then swimming down a further 20 m ( 60 ft ) , and then charging around like penguins to catch the sardines . "
The crew also managed to film the elusive Bryde 's whale .
" These are very secretive ocean hunters , and they are difficult to find - but we got some very cool shots of them both above and below the water , taking some huge bites of sardines , " explained Mr Pearson .
Although the crew managed to capture 2008 's sardine run on film , they fear recent changes to the ocean 's currents may be affecting this annual event .
Mr Pearson said : " The changing climate seems to be making it even more unpredictable .
" We first went there to film in 2007 , but there was no sardine run that year .
" In fact , three of the last five years were very poor for the sardine run , which is probably linked to climate change .
" The sardines need to have cool water to swim up , and the water has just not got cool enough in the last few years . "
Nature 's Great Events : The Great Tide is on Wednesday 4 March on BBC One at 2100 GMT and is repeated on Sunday at 1800 GMT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Winky heeved a sigh .
Teh dicksanary did n't lie and now he knu whut newter ment .....
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama has said he wants the U.S. Congress to deliver to him a sweeping overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. health care system by October , arguing it would help put the struggling U.S. economy on a solid growth path for the future .
It is a very tight timetable for very complex legislation that involves a number of committees in the House of Representatives and Senate .
But leaders in both chambers believe they are on track to meet that goal .
STATE OF PLAY IN THE SENATE :
* Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus is pushing for strong bipartisan support , which he says will help ensure final passage of legislation that can maintain public support as changes are implemented throughout the health system .
* The Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee is also drafting legislation .
Senator Christopher Dodd has been taking a lead role in managing the bill in that committee in the absence of the chairman , Edward Kennedy , who is battling brain cancer .
Dodd and Kennedy have both expressed a desire for a bipartisan bill .
* There is broad agreement on the need to promote prevention and reward hospitals and doctors for providing better quality of care instead of the quantity of services .
Those changes would be driven through the Medicare program for the elderly .
* There is also broad agreement for maintaining employer - provided health care .
For those without employer - provided insurance , the proposed legislation would set up an insurance exchange -- a clearinghouse -- where individuals and small businesses could shop for medical plans and compare benefits and prices .
A major sticking point is whether a new government insurance plan should compete with private insurers in the exchange .
Republicans say they cannot support legislation that includes a new public plan , arguing it would drive private insurers out of business and lead to a government - run health care system .
Many Democrats insist on a public plan , arguing it can be set up to compete fairly with private insurers and that it is the only way to keep premiums low .
* Obama also wants a public plan option and both Baucus and Dodd say their bills will include one .
The issue is how to design it to keep enough Republicans on board to give the Democratic majority bipartisan political cover .
Lawmakers are considering a fallback position -- a kind of trigger that would put a public plan in place should competition and lower costs fail to materialize .
STATE OF PLAY IN THE HOUSE :
* Three House committees are working on legislation -- the taxwriting Ways and Means Committee , the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Education and Labor .
They hope to lay down legislation in the next few weeks and hold committee votes after lawmakers return from the weeklong Fourth of July holiday break .
* The bills will be melded together into one piece of legislation that will go to the floor before the August recess if lawmakers stay on schedule .
* The House bill is unlikely to win backing from Republicans and it is expected to include a public plan option that is more to the liking of liberal Democrats .
But a sizable group of conservative Democrats - the so - called Blue Dogs -- are cool to the idea and have thrown their weight behind the “ trigger ” that would go into place should the private sector fail to meet price and competition targets .
THE PLAYERS :
* The stakes are high and groups representing insurers , doctors , consumer groups and businesses have refrained from broad attacks against reform .
Most agree the current system of rapidly rising costs and millions of uninsured cannot be sustained .
* Lawmakers are balancing those interests in hopes of keeping the players on board , but that could change in the next few weeks as the committees unveil actual legislation and hold public drafting sessions .
Ultimately , congressional leaders will have to decide which special interests can be sacrificed and still get a bill passed .
Shutterstock
RISING oil prices , believes Ali al - Naimi , Saudi Arabia 's oil minister , may soon “ take the wheels off an already derailed world economy ” .
On the face of things , this concern is absurd .
The plunge of $ 115 in the price of oil from its peak last July to its nadir in December was the most precipitous the world has ever seen .
Demand for oil is still falling , as the world economy atrophies .
Rumours abound of traders hiring tankers to store their excess oil .
Rich countries ' stocks cover 62 days ' consumption , the most since 1993 ( see chart 1 ) .
The average over the past five years has been 52 days ' worth .
Nor are oil firms pumping nearly as much as they could .
OPEC has announced three separate rounds of production cuts since September in a bid to steady prices .
In all , it has vowed to trim its output by 4.2 m barrels a day ( b/ d ) .
That leaves them with as much as 6 m b/d of spare capacity .
Despite this growing glut , however , the price of oil has been rising steadily in recent weeks ( see chart 2 ) .
On Wednesday May 20th it closed above $ 60 a barrel for the first time in more than six months .
That marks an increase of more than 75 % since February .
The price of futures contracts suggests that energy traders see the price rising higher still in the coming months and years .
( During the day on Friday it appeared to be nearing $ 62 a barrel . )
The explanation is simple .
Oilmen are worried because they believe that many of the factors behind the record - breaking ascent last year remain in place .
Much of the world 's “ easy ” oil has already been extracted , or is in the hands of nationalist governments that will not allow foreigners to exploit it .
That leaves firms to hunt for new reserves in ever more inhospitable and inaccessible places , such as the deep waters off Africa or the frozen oceans of the Arctic .
Such fields take a long time and a lot of expensive technology to develop .
Worse , new discoveries tend to be smaller than in the past and to run dry faster .
So oil firms must work doubly hard to replace declining fields and to increase output .
Yet the oil industry is short of equipment and manpower , thanks to underinvestment in the 1980s and 1990s , when prices were low .
As soon as the world economy starts growing again , the theory runs , demand for oil will once again outstrip the industry 's ability to supply it .
In other words , the global recession has only interrupted the “ supercycle ” of which many analysts used to speak , during which the normal boom - and - bust cycle of oil and other commodities would give way to a protracted period of high prices , as ever - growing demand from emerging markets swallowed everything the extractive industries could produce .
Oil bosses , OPEC ministers and anxious bankers all agree on what is needed to prevent this scenario becoming reality : lavish investment in the development of new fields and in exploration .
Yet the reverse is happening .
The oil industry is cutting its spending , bringing fewer new fields into production and exploring less .
The International Energy Agency reckons that overall investment will drop by 15 - 20 % this year .
In theory , this should not be happening .
Big Western oil firms ( “ majors ” in the industry jargon ) claim that they continue to invest steadily throughout the cycle , irrespective of gyrations in price .
Big fields , they argue , can take a decade or more to develop , and may then produce oil or gas for several decades more .
The price of oil at the time the investment is approved is irrelevant ; the important thing is to make sure projects will be profitable across a range of possible future prices .
If anything , given that most oilmen expect prices to rise in the medium term , you would expect them to be increasing their investment , to capitalise on the good times to come .
Nonetheless , the extreme volatility of prices over the past year must have made big firms more cautious about future investments .
Then there are the state - owned firms in oil - soaked countries .
These companies control the overwhelming majority of the world 's oil .
The better managed and funded of them plan to continue investing despite the downturn .
Saudi Aramco , the world 's biggest oil producer , recently completed a five - year scheme to expand its production capacity from 10 m b/d to 12.5 m b/d , at a cost of $ 70 billion .
But in Russia , the world 's second - biggest oil producer , output is falling largely because private capital has been scared off by a series of expropriations , while the state starves the firms it controls of sufficient cash for investment .
And most oil - rich states , naturally enough , are happy to see the price rise .
Many have become used to bumper revenues in recent years and have struggled to balance their budgets since the price slumped last year .
Falling costs within the industry will offset the impact of falling investment budgets to some extent .
BP argues its slight cut in investment does not really represent a reduction , thanks to deflation .
Yet many constraints on expansion remain .
For one thing , the world still does not have as many experienced petroleum engineers and geologists as it needs , says Iain Manson of Korn / Ferry , a recruiting firm .
He expects it to take a decade or more to overcome the shortage .
Meanwhile , he says , wages in the oil industry are not falling by nearly as much as other costs .
Worse , there is little sign that governments are willing to grant oil companies easier access to the most promising territory for exploration .
Iraq 's plans to sign big new contracts with foreign firms are years behind schedule , as is its new oil law .
American sanctions continue to impede investment in Iran .
The Nigerian government has been unable to quell the insurgency in the Niger delta , making it difficult for oil firms to operate there .
Even in America , despite years of debate , most coastal waters and much of Alaska remain off - limits to drilling .
So when demand begins to revive , a sharp rise in prices is inevitable .
That does not mean that a price spike is just around the corner , however .
The speed with which it arrives will depend on the strength of the global recovery .
For the moment , global consumption of oil continues to fall , despite the slight brightening of the economic outlook .
At the recent OPEC powwow Mr al - Naimi , the Saudi oil minister , argued that a low oil price always sowed the seeds of a future price rise , since it led to underinvestment .
The only question this time is how quickly the strain will emerge .
A longer version of this article appears in the print edition of The Economist
The Census Bureau reported on Wednesday that for the month of April retail sales came in at $ 337 billion , a decrease of 0.4 percent from the month before .
The market reacted to this news and headed lower .
If we pry into the data beyond the headline number , we will see that retail sales are actually down by 10.1 percent from April of 2008 .
Now why the market is stunned by this news should be the bigger headline since 24,700,000 Americans are unemployed or underemployed , it would logically follow that more and more Americans are having to tighten up their budgets .
Many Americans are quickly realizing that austerity is now the way of life .
Let us take a look at the retail figures chart since two - thirds of our economy depends on retail sales :
What is interesting for the month is auto sales slightly increased .
Normally , the Census Bureau reports retail sales with and without auto figures .
For April , auto sales actually helped the overall figure .
Let us look at how retail sales measure up to April of 2008 :
Taking a look over one year gives us a better sense of the overall trend .
What you will see is that over one year , auto sales are down over 20 percent while retail sales are down by approximately 10 percent .
These are gigantic numbers when you think about it .
If our GDP is slightly over $ 14 trillion a year , and consumption makes up nearly 70 percent of this , a 10 and 20 percent decline is significant .
A large part of this is many Americans are finding out that their access to credit is being limited .
Over the past few months credit card companies have yanked over 8 million in credit cards from the market .
What is problematic about this is Americans supplemented a decade of stagnant wages with more and more consumer debt .
In fact , the massive rise in debt has occurred for over 3 decades .
I compiled a chart that highlights this new austerity showing personal income and household debt :
This is an incredibly important chart because it strikes at the heart of the matter .
If you look at the 1980s , you ’ll see a big explosion in household debt ; but when personal income went lower , so did the increase in debt .
Over 40 years , the growth of household debt and personal income flowed in synchronization .
That is , until the year 2000 .
At this point it is abundantly clear what occurs .
While personal income started to fall on a year over year basis debt explodes .
This goes on from 2000 to 2005 .
After muddling through , both personal income and debt are contracting at the fastest pace in over 40 years .
What this tells us is the perceived health of the economy for the past decade was largely all built on a foundation of debt with no real gains for households .
The recent run up in the stock market is now hitting a wall .
This market volatility that produced a near 40 percent gain in the S&P 500 over 2 months is a sign of an unstable economy , not a healthy one .
What occurred is first , we had manufactured one time profits for banks because of massive bailouts and the market was starting to price in a second half recovery .
After hearing that foreclosures are at all time highs and Americans are n’t spending like they once did , that second half recovery is coming into question .
July 1st is n’t far away and it is hard to see what is going to occur over the next month that is going to set the American spending machine back on track .
Let us examine where Americans are pulling back :
For the most part , Americans are cutting back on nearly every segment of retail goods .
The only 2 areas that seem to be neutral or slightly positive are food purchases and health spending , which should n’t be surprising .
Americans are cutting back to the necessities .
One of the biggest hits is in auto sales which are down 25 percent on a year over year basis .
This is a primary reason why one of the three large U.S. automakers has filed for bankruptcy and another , GM is on the verge .
The disconcerting part about the U.S. automakers is that they were failing in large part to the high cost of energy .
Remember that oil bubble ?
Well as you can see above , gasoline stations have seen a drop in retail sales by 35 percent over the year largely to the oil bubble popping .
Yet you would logically think that with cheaper fuel , Americans would be back to buying big cars .
That is not the case .
It is n’t that people do n’t want new cars , its just that they ca n’t afford them without easy access to credit .
Going back to the chart above , we see that electronic spending is down by 6.9 percent .
That is why electronic giant Circuit City went under .
People are pulling back on discretionary spending .
Building material and home spending is down as well by 11.2 percent .
People are finding it hard to adorn their home in HGTV fashion when money is tight .
Clothing spending is down by 6.1 percent over the year .
You will also see sporting goods , hobby , and book spending down .
The bottom line is most Americans are shifting their spending priorities to things they need and away from things they want .
This decade saw something that we have n’t seen in nearly 100 years .
Americans even with declining personal incomes were given unlimited access to credit to continue to spend .
That is unheard of .
The chart above demonstrates this .
Right now we are facing the brunt of spending more than we were earning as a country .
The chart showing personal income and household debt should tell you a lot about what occurred over the past 40 years .
Debt would always increase but was closely aligned to growth or declines in personal income .
This decade saw a large disconnect .
We are now dealing with the recalibration of this poor alignment .
The Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury would like to go back to the debt spending ways of the past but that is n’t in the cards .
Currently , they are trying to sacrifice the U.S. dollar to get Americans back on their spending treadmills .
They have done this through a variety of ways including , making it extremely unattractive to save .
With the Fed rate touching zero , many people see bank savings rates of 0.2 to 1.2 percent and wonder why should they even save a penny ?
Yet with the markets off their peaks by 40 percent , many people do n’t mind saving their money in a secure vehicle instead of it losing value .
Plus , with the employment situation so fragile , people are saving because they have too .
The new austerity is on us and people need to adjust to the new reality because we are not going back to the way things were in 2000 through 2005 .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Submitted by cpowell on Thu , 2009 -04-30 01:59 .
By Patrick A. Heller
Numismaster.com , Iola , Wisconsin
Tuesday , April 28 , 2009
http://www.numismaster.com/ta/numis/Article.jsp?ad=article&ArticleId=663...
Several major news stories broke last week that all should have sent the price of gold soaring .
Gold did rise 5.3 percent , which did not reflect the importance of the developments .
There is a theme to the eight news items cited here .
China has been buying large amounts of gold , it wants even more and the U.S. banking system is still in dire straits .
What this means is obvious , but if you are willing to dive in with me here , the details follow .
Let 's look at these news items , then discuss why the price of gold , in my judgment , did not fully react .
Story 1 : About 10 days ago , the Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee filed a new set of Freedom of Information Act requests with the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve to seek information on the U.S. government 's gold swap activities .
The first attempt to dislodge this information was filed in December 2007 , with dismal results .
After carefully analyzing the loopholes used by the Treasury and Federal Reserve to avoid disclosing the requested information , these revised FOIA requests include detailed instructions to overcome the government 's obstacles .
For example , one FOIA request noted that the agency was unable to uncover where its own public Web site discussed gold swaps .
Story 2 : The federal government has conducted " stress tests " of individual banks to help find out which were financially strong , or average , or in serious trouble .
It was reported that these tests were completed a few weeks ago , but the government was slow to release the results .
On April 19 , the Turner Radio network reported that it had obtained a copy of the results of the stress tests and passed along a summary of more than 10 points .
Among these summaries were statements that 16 of the nation 's largest banks were already technically insolvent and that the failure of any two of these institutions would wipe out the current assets of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
On April 20 , the Treasury Department issued a statement claiming that it was not possible for Turner to have had the information as the Treasury Department itself had not yet seen the information .
Release of the information was promised for April 24 .
Meanwhile , the Federal Reserve prohibited any banks from discussing the results of their stress test .
In mid-week the Associated Press reported that it also had obtained a copy of the bank stress test report and confirmed the information reported by Turner Radio .
It also said that the Treasury Department was lying when it claimed on the 20th to have not yet seen the test results .
On April 24 , the official unveiling of the stress test results only included the bare minimum information , stating that large banks should beef up their capital to strengthen the entire financial system .
The reports neglected to cover the specific points listed by the Turner Radio network .
The mainstream media dutifully picked up the government 's spoon - fed version of the stress test results without any serious questioning .
Story 3 : On April 24 , Bloomberg reported an analysis released by Washington Service of Bethesda , Md. , stating that insiders at New York Stock Exchange - listed companies in the first 20 days of April had sold more than eight times the amount of stock that they had purchased .
According to William Stone , the Chief Investment Strategist for PNC Financial Services Group Inc. , " They should know more than outsiders would , so you could take it as a signal that there is something wrong if they 're selling . "
This was the fastest rate of insider selling since stocks hit a major peak in October 2007 .
The rate of insider purchases was on track to be the lowest for any month since July 1992 .
In the past , such lopsided insider selling versus buying has been followed by stock market declines .
Story 4 : Bank of America CEO
Ken Lewis testified under oath for New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo that last December he had notified the federal government that the bank had discovered huge new losses ( " material adverse changes " ) at Merrill Lynch and was going to exercise an escape clause to cancel the bank 's takeover of the brokerage firm .
Upon hearing this , then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson blatantly told Lewis , at the behest of Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke , that Bank of America had to go through with the takeover or all of the bank 's directors and senior management would be fired .
The federal government did not want the public to become aware of the weakness of Merrill Lynch and the U.S. banking system that the cancellation of the transaction might expose .
Bank of America then closed the Merrill Lynch purchase deal .
Paulson 's testimony to Cuomo largely confirms the details of Lewis ' testimony .
In effect , Lewis labeled Paulson and Bernanke as blackmailers .
Their actions in this matter also show them as liars in repeatedly stating that the U.S. banking system is sound and solid .
The letter with these details released by Cuomo's office puts the Bank of America and possibly the federal government at risk of being sued by bank shareholders for actions taken against the best interest of the bank 's owners .
Note : Bernanke has denied making any of the statements in the letter that are attributed to him .
Story 5 : At the G20 meeting , the International Monetary Fund was pressed to sell 403 tons of its gold reserves to be used to ease the global financial crisis .
China has since gone on record as advocating that the IMF sell its entire 3,217 tons of gold holdings .
The Chinese central bank may be looking to purchase another 4,000 tons of gold , which is a larger amount than all the gold reserves reported by the IMF , and is also larger than those held by all but a handful of the world 's central banks .
At a price of $ 1,000 per ounce , China would need barely five percent of its central bank reserves to buy this much gold .
In effect , if the IMF does not sell a lot of gold , and sell it soon , that supply shortage could help drive up the price of gold .
A reason that China may be pressing the IMF to sell gold and why the Chinese central bank may want to add gold reserves is a long - term plan to revalue gold , similar to what U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt did in 1933 .
Story 6 : In 2008 , 1.7 million American homes were lost to foreclosure .
In 2009 Lazard Asset Management forecasts 2.1 million U.S. home losses .
Despite regular news reports trying to portray positive news about the real estate market , the truth is that foreclosure rates should continue rising at least until early summer .
It does n't take a genius to figure this out .
All you have to do is look at delinquency rates and foreclosure notices .
How will the U.S. financial system react to this surge in bad debts ?
Story 7 : After so much fuss was made at the G20 meeting about the IMF possibly selling gold , the subject has either been dropped or been reclassified as a very low priority task .
In the last few days , the IMF has said instead that it plans to sell bonds to finance its activities .
Several years ago , these fund - raising activities were supposedly being done to help the world 's poor people .
Now the IMF is raising funds to support central banks and governments .
This shift in emphasis at the IMF adds credence to the assertions by several analysts , including me , that the IMF gold sale will never occur .
Story 8 : On April 24 , the Xinhua News Agency reported that China 's gold reserves had increased from 600 tons at the end of 2002 to 1,054 tons , a rise of 76 percent .
Until this announcement , the Chinese central bank had continued to report only the 600 tons in reserves .
The spokesman claimed that all gold had been purchased from domestic mine sources .
This 14.6 million ounce increase in reserves has been almost precisely reported by GATA ever since September 2003 .
GATA has a confidential source that was told in 2003 by a man , who insisted on speaking behind a screen to avoid disclosing his identity , that there was a large buyer of gold entering the market .
This source was able to identify the agent acting on behalf of the buyer and quickly deduced that the buyer was from the Far East and almost certainly Chinese .
Over the years , this confidential source was able to learn the price levels at which the buyer was planning to make purchases , and the approximate size of purchases being planned .
With the revelations by the Chinese central bank , the information reported by GATA ( some on GATA 's Web site and some on GATA chairman Bill Murphy's LeMetropoleCafe.com subscription Web site ) has largely been confirmed .
The impact of this announcement has ramifications far beyond that fact that China has been buying gold without reporting it .
The World Gold Council and major precious metals consultancies such at GFMS regularly report gold supply and demand statistics that are widely quoted in the financial press .
None of their reports include the Chinese central bank gold purchases as part of gold demand .
Even more damaging to their reputations , these reports do not show any gold supply to cover what the Chinese have purchased .
Let me make this explicit .
The gold purchased by the Chinese could not have come from mine production , recycling , investor liquidation , or announced government sales .
Almost certainly the gold bought by the Chinese had to come from other central banks that secretly sneaked these supplies on the market .
In other words , the supply - and - demand statistics used by the mainstream financial press have been wrong for years .
The question is how large are the errors .
GATA researchers assert that the annual supply and demand statistics reported by the World Gold Council and GFMS could easily be off by 50 percent .
With GATA 's enhanced credibility confirmed by China 's admission of their gold purchases , the mainstream financial press should seriously examine their data .
By the way , the way the Chinese government operates is not open and direct .
Changes in policy are signaled by speeches or papers by lesser officials .
And has been shown repeatedly , when the Chinese government issues a statement that it is considering something such as purchasing gold , they really mean they have already been actively doing it .
It is entirely possible that China 's central bank gold reserves are much higher than they now confirm .
( GATA has documented higher purchases than the Chinese have admitted . )
Another note : GATA 's special source says that the Chinese are looking to remain a buyer of gold as long as the price is under the $ 940 - $ 960 range .
One last note on this subject :
All the implications of the increase in Chinese gold reserves are positive for higher gold prices and negative for the U.S. dollar .
So naturally the U.S. government has a huge interest in seeing this story get as little coverage as possible .
In the weekend edition of the Financial Times of London , this story was front - page news .
At the same time , The Wall Street Journal buried this news on Page B - 6 .
My local newspaper , issued in Michigan 's capital , did not even include this news .
So with all this positive news for the price of gold , why did the price only rise 5.3 percent last week ?
I think the answer is obvious .
The U.S. government is trying to hold off further financial crises as long as possible .
One way to accomplish this is to suppress the price of gold .
Gold serves as a report card on the value of the U.S. dollar .
As long as the price of gold can be held in check , then it is easier to prop up the dollar .
If the dollar starts to drop significantly , interest rates will soar , and foreign central banks will become more aggressive in dumping their dollar reserves .
U.S. Rep. Paul Kanjorski , D - Pa. , already revealed that the U.S. financial system was perilously close to collapse at 2 p.m. last Sept. 18 , 2008 .
With all the above news hitting in such a short time , it is entirely possible that the U.S. economy could have crashed last week .
If you still do n't think it 's time to consider owning gold or silver , you probably never will .
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
Migrating to Shared
Starting with dmd version 2.030 , the default storage class for statics and globals will be thread local storage ( TLS ) , rather than the classic global data segment .
While most D code should just compile and run successfully without change , there can be some issues .
Yes , reading or writing TLS variables will be slower than for classic global variables .
It 'll be about 3 instructions rather than one .
But on Linux , at least , TLS will be slightly faster than accessing classic globals using PIC ( position independent code ) compiler code generation settings .
So it 's hard to see that this would be an unacceptable problem .
But let 's presume it is .
What can we do about it ?
Minimize use of global variables .
Reducing the use of globals can improve the modularization and maintainability of the code anyway , so this is a worthy goal .
Make them immutable .
Immutable data does n't have synchronization problems , so the compiler does n't place it in TLS .
Cache a reference to the global .
Making a local cache of it , and then accessing the cached value rather than the original , can speed things up especially if the cached value gets enregistered by the compiler .
Cowboy it with __gshared .
The first step is to find all the global variables , so they can be reviewed for disposition .
Given the complexity of source code , it is n't always easy to identify the global variables .
Since it ( used to be ) implicit , there 's no way to grep for them .
It 's hard to be sure you 've found them all .
A new dmd compiler switch was added , -vtls .
Compiling with it on will print a list of all the global variables that are now defaulting to thread local storage .
int x ; void main ( ) { static int y ; }
dmd test - vtls test .d( 2 ) : x is thread local test .
d( 6 ) : y is thread local
Immutable data , once initialized , never changes .
This means that there are no synchronization issues with multithreading , and so no need to put immutable data into TLS .
The compiler will put immutable data into classic global storage , not TLS .
A good chunk of global data falls into this category .
Just mark it as immutable and it's done .
int [ 3 ] table = [ 6 , 123 , 0x87 ] ;
becomes :
immutable int [ 3 ] table = [ 6 , 123 , 0x87 ] ;
Immutability is also nice because it opens the door for further compiler optimizations .
Global data that is meant to be shared among multiple threads should be marked with the shared keyword :
shared int flag ;
Not only does this cause flag to be put into classic global storage , it is also typed as being shared :
int * p = &flags ; shared ( int ) * q = &flags ;
The shared type attribute is transitive ( like const and immutable ) are .
This enables static checking and sharing correctness .
Sometimes , none of the above solutions will be acceptable :
interfacing with C code that uses classic globals just get it working , and go back and fix it later the app is single threaded only , so no sharing issues you need every erg of performance you want to handle all the synchronization issues yourself
As D is a systems language , of course there 's a way to do this .
Use the storage class __gshared :
__gshared int x ; void main ( ) { __gshared int y ; }
__gshared stores the variable in the classic global data segment .
Naturally , __gshared is not allowed in safe mode .
Using __gshared makes such code easily searchable when doing QA code reviews or when going back later to fix any workarounds .
The most common compiler error related to TLS will be :
int x ; int * p = &x ;
test .d( 2 ) : Error : non-constant expression & x
While this works with classic global variables , it wo n't work with TLS variables .
The reason is because TLS variables do n't have a location in memory known to either the linker or the loader .
It 's a runtime computed value .
The solution is to initialize such things in a static constructor .
Sometimes you may encounter strange error messages from the linker about the global variables .
These are nearly always caused by one module putting the variable in TLS , and another putting that same variable in classic global storage .
This can happen when linking code with libraries that were built with earlier versions of dmd .
Check that libphobos2.a was properly replaced with the latest .
It can also happen when interfacing with C. C globals default to being classic global , although C does support TLS declarations .
Make sure the corresponding D declarations match the C ones in terms of TLS or classic global .
int x ; extern int y ; __thread int z ;
By Dennis Flaherty
May 4 , 2009
Minnesota --
This year at the Legislature we 're at it again , engaged in what has become the annual debate about " medical " marijuana .
The stage has long been set .
On one side you have a group of people wanting to legalize marijuana for medical purposes , and on the other you have every legitimate group in our state representing law enforcement .
Very soon our elected representatives will have to choose a side .
They will decide on what type of Minnesota they want .
You have a very loosely written piece of legislation that , if passed , would clearly hamper law enforcement 's ability to enforce marijuana laws .
Laws on both the state and federal level prohibit the possession and sale of marijuana .
If legalized for any purpose , it will put us in conflict with the feds .
In addition , it creates penalty provisions for unlawful cultivation , distribution and possession of the drug that are much less severe than existing statutes .
The proposal gives the Commissioner of Health the sole responsibility to regulate this new bureaucracy and excludes the Commissioner of Public Safety with any oversight role .
The very agency best suited to help regulate this new industry will be sidelined .
The proposal does not limit the use of marijuana to treating patients confronting a terminal illness , but instead would allow many to access it including for the treatment of pain .
Do n't believe that it is designed only for those that are in the final stages of their life finding some relief from a " joint . "
That is not what the bill says .
The facts are that marijuana is a drug that is associated with violent crimes such as robberies and assaults .
Many have and will resort to almost anything to get their hands on it .
Families and caregivers of the sick could easily become victims of yet another illness called crime .
Legalizing it for medical purposes will create a perception among many , especially our children , that marijuana is a good thing , when we all know that it is not .
It is the most widely abused controlled substance in our state .
If as a state we are really serious about trying this , then I can assure you that a better , more carefully written bill could be put together that does a far better job than the one being considered in the Legislature .
Law enforcement and prosecutors have paraded before committees of the Legislature where this proposal was heard , consistently telling our policy makers that the proposal was seriously flawed and how it would have a dramatic affect on drug business in our State .
They pointed out flaw after flaw from a public safety standpoint , the very things they are the experts on .
They did not challenge the total lack of medical science to support that marijuana has any medicinal qualities , or that doctors can prescribe many other legal drugs to address the pain people with debilitating diseases normally encounter .
Law enforcement stuck with their script , which as law enforcement professionals was to point out realistically the things that will result if passed .
To counter Minnesota 's law enforcement experts , the proponents brought in a former chief of the Seattle police department who in December 2004 wrote an editorial in The Seattle Times wherein he announced that " I favor legalization , and not just of pot but of all drugs , including heroin , cocaine , meth , psychotropics , mushrooms and LSD . "
Here he is brought in to St. Paul to testify in support of medical marijuana .
I sincerely hope no one was influenced to support this bill based on anything he said .
As a people , I do n't believe that his direction is the way we want to go in Minnesota .
It gives one pause as to why those advocating this selected him to testify as their " law enforcement expert . "
At the end of the set , some voted to side with public safety , but more voted to roll the dice and give it a try .
It is difficult for me to predict the outcome of how the Legislature handles this .
I can tell you to simply ask any cop you know and the decision is an easy one for them .
They would tell you they should vote it down .
If they had the chance to be in St. Paul , they would tell the Legislature the very same thing that their colleagues have been saying at each committee .
Do n't pass this bill .
The risks are too high .
Dennis J. Flaherty is the executive director and chief lobbyist of the Minnesota Police and Peace Officers Association .
Copyright 2009 Post - Bulletin Company , LLC
http://www.postbulletin.com/newsmanager/templates/localnews_story.asp?z=12&a=397769
( 本 Webサイトでは、JavaScriptを使用しているため、一部のWebブラウザで警告が出ることがあります。ご了承ください。
..... )
お知らせ
「 旧版」のページを取り除きました。サイトの名称を変更しました。(2010/08/02 )
「 ユーザー登録」のページを取り除きました。(2010/06/01 )
ライセンスキーはオープンソースになったCCFinderXではもはや不要なので、「ユーザー登録」のページを5月末をめどに削除します。(2010/05/14 )
10.2.7.4をリリースしました。特に問題がなければ最終バージョンとなる予定です。皆様、長らくのご愛顧ありがとうございました。
( 2010/04/08 )
A. Lozano & M.l WermelingerのIWSCペーパー、およびその他にもいくつかの論文を追加しました。
( 2010/03/11 )
お待たせいたしました。MITライセンスによる配布を開始いたしました。(2010/01/25)
10月に開催されたSRA-KTL Technology Seminarでの講演の資料へのリンクを「関連文献」のページに追加しました。(2009/12/07 )
重要なお知らせ : 皆様のご助力を賜りまして、CCFinderXの次回のリリースでは、MITライセンスのもとに、バイナリとソースコードの両方パッケージとして配布されます。
( 2009/12/04 )
「 第1回マイクロソフトリサーチ日本情報学研究賞」の授賞式の写真を「安定版」のページに追加しました。
( 2009/11/16 )
第 21 回 SRA - KTL Technology Seminar 『インクリメンタル開発を支援する技術と環境』にて、
「 コードクローン研究の進化と支援技術の展開」というタイトルで講演いたします。
講演内容は現在、鋭意作成中なのですが、CCFinderXの今後についても説明する心づもりにしています。
( 2009/10/05 )
お断りを 「開発版」のページに追加しました。(2009/10/01 )
CCFinderX 10.2.7.2をリリースしました。いくつか実験的な機能が入っています。(2009/06/22 )
おかげさまで、 「 日本ソフトウェア科学 会 基礎研究賞」を拝受いたしました！ありがとうございます。(2009/06/12 )
おかげさまで、本日、CCFinderXのライセンス発行数が5000を超えました。これからも変わらぬご愛顧を賜りますよう、お願いいたします。(2009/05/29 )
German氏らの論文を文献のページに追加しました。(2009/05/11 )
おかげさまで、CCFinderXおよびCCFinderの業績により、「第1回マイクロソフトリサーチ日本情報学研究賞」を拝受いたしました！
これまでご支援いただいたすべての皆様、ツールをご利用いただいたすべての皆様、ありがとうございます。 → マイクロソフトのプレスリリース → ZDNetJapanの記事 ( 2009/04/22 )
実行環境を調べるためのツールsysverchkをリリースしました。 不具合報告の際は、原因究明の一助として、是非ご利用ください。ダウンロードはこちらから。
( 2009/04/17 )
岡原氏の論文を文献のページに追加しました。(2009/04/15)
CSMR 2009 、および併設ワークショップICSM 2009 、CMR 2009の論文を文献のページに追加しました。 ( 2009/04/01 )
権利関係を明示するため、随所に産業技術総合研究所のロゴを付けました。CCFinderXの正式名称は" AIST CCFinderX " になりました。 ( 2009/03/16 )
神谷の論文を、文献のページに追加しました。(2009/03/03 )
CCFinderX 10.2.7.1をリリースしました。バグ修正およびPython 2.6対応を行いました。( 2009/01/22 )
号外 : Third International Workshop on Software Clones ( IWSC 2009 ) が5月にドイツで開催される運びとなりました。
我と思わん方は、是非御投稿ください。〆切は2月16日です。神谷も投稿予定です。(2009/01/14 )
お知らせ 2008
お知らせ 2007
お知らせ 2006
Since 2005/06/27 .
( C ) 2005 - 2009 , 神谷 年洋( かみや としひろ ) .
The Year of the River
This is one of a series of stories The Plain Dealer will print this year as a part of " The Year of the River , " a recognition of the Cuyahoga River 's return to health 40 years after it caught fire .
CUYAHOGA RIVER RE- BIRTHDAY PARTY
2 to 8 p.m. at Heritage Park .
Check in at the Cabin on the East Bank , under the Detroit - Superior ( Veterans Memorial ) Bridge .
Guided walking tours of the Flats , discussions about the river 's history and plans for its future , historical reenactments of the lives of Cleveland 's pioneer family , music .
Schedule of events : www.crcpo.org
CLEVELAND , Ohio —
Even after 40 years , maybe the most surprising thing about the June 22 , 1969 , Cuyahoga River fire is that it is remembered at all .
The fire -- a brief Sunday afternoon flare - up of oil - soaked debris likely ignited by either molten steel or a spark from a passing rail car -- was doused by local firefighting tugboat crews .
The story barely made the newspapers the next day .
But the effect of that two - hour flare - up has lasted four decades .
Today , the river fire stands as an enduring image of progress gone wrong .
But after so many years , it becomes difficult to really understand and feel the rampant water ( and air ) pollution of the industrial era that led to the Cuyahoga fire .
Unless you were there .
Richard Ellers was there .
And Ellers felt the Cuyahoga River pollution -- literally .
" Back in the '60s ... I went on a news excursion on the river downtown to show how bad the pollution was , " Ellers recalled recently .
" I remember we could see a layer of crud on the water but did n't appreciate its thickness until the photog on the trip , Marv Greene , said , ' Richard , dip your hand in there and pull it out . ' "
The image of a black , gooey hand coming out of the Cuyahoga like a B - movie swamp monster defined the plight of the Cuyahoga .
By association , it indicted all industrial American cities -- and a culture that for a century had generally viewed natural waterways as a means to an end .
" The Cuyahoga River -- the thick pollution on the water and the fire -- became a convenient example of what ' bad ' really is , " said Frank Samsel , whose company aided in early 1970s cleanup efforts .
" And the more you talked down about how terrible it was , the more the press and news jumped on it .
But it also made people aware of the fact that things could be different . "
The Year of the River
Different .
That 's exactly what the Cuyahoga River is today .
Over the last six months , The Plain Dealer 's coverage of The Year of the River -- designated as such by the Cuyahoga River Community Planning Organization -- has told how the Cuyahoga has become a river teeming with fish and other aquatic species .
And how more and more people in Northeast Ohio are using the Cuyahoga as a playground as it runs its 100 - mile , U - shaped course from rural Geauga County down through Akron and back north to Cleveland .
The Cuyahoga has come a long way from the waterway that a Cleveland mayor in the 1880s ( Rensselaer R. Herrick ) described as " a sewer that runs through the heart of the city . "
The Cuyahoga had burned as early as 1868 and a several times more before a 1952 fire caused more than $ 1.5 million in damage .
But there 's little doubt of the effect that the last fire in 1969 had .
Many credit it as being a catalyst for Congress to finally pass the Clean Water Act in 1972 and for the creation of agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency .
But it is Ellers and others who were involved with the river at that time who can really tell the story of the fire , the events that led up to it and the cleanup that followed .
Here are some of those other voices :
VIDEO : Ben Stefanski
II remembers standing at the river with Mayor Carl Stokes the day after the fire , declaring war on water pollution .
Cuyahoga River fire - Ben Stefanski , utility director in 1969
Ben Stefanski II
Former Cleveland City Utilities Director Ben Stefanski ( 1968 -1970 ) stood with the late Mayor Carl Stokes on the banks of the Cuyahoga on the day after the fire and declared war on water pollution .
In fact , the war was already under way : City voters had in November 1968 approved a $ 100 million bond issue to pay for the cleanup of the river and Lake Erie by improving the city 's sewer system ( a job still costing billions of dollars today ) .
But Stefanski said it was the star power of Stokes -- the first black mayor of a major American city -- that was also the true catalyst for taking the fire beyond Cleveland to a national stage .
" We did n't realize that the river had even burned until the next morning -- Monday morning -- when the mayor called me and we went out and looked at the site , " Stefanski said in a recent interview .
" But the real reason for all the publicity was Carl Stokes .
" We already had national reporters here viewing and reviewing what he was doing with the city and it just so happened that the fire was there and they were there and they wanted to know what he would do about stopping the pollution in the river and stopping the fires that had occurred for the last 50 years , some of them really big fires . "
Stefanski said that up until then , most city workers , city officials and even the media and the public were n't all that interested in air or water pollution .
" But Stokes was a quick study , " Stefanski said .
" He saw the problem of pollution and understood what the ramifications were on the city .
" He also understood the possible solutions and he was able to articulate this to the press and later to Congress .
Even though he was not an expert on water pollution , he was the mayor of a major city that was affected by a polluted river .
" So he gave real context and meaning to what the problems really were . "
VIDEO : Retired Congressman Louis Stokes talks about his theory for pursuing clean water laws :
If we could clean up the Cuyahoga River , we could clean up any body of water in the nation .
Cuyahoga River fire - Cong.
Louis Stokes , pushed clean - up rules
Louis Stokes
Retired U.S. Rep. Louis Stokes said that the nation was shocked by the Cuyahoga River fire and that it could have been a dent in his brother Carl 's legacy -- but that the two men did what they could to turn it around .
" This was the unheard of saga of a body of water catching on fire , " Louis Stokes said in a recent interview .
" It portrayed a totally different image of Cleveland than the image of productive , progressive city that was making news of a progressive nature . "
Stokes , who in 1969 was still a freshman congressman , credits his brother Carl with heading the cleanup of the Cuyahoga -- but was also quick to point out that he played a role in getting the Clean Water Act approved as well .
" It behooved those of us with some power to try to do something about it , " he said .
" Mayor Stokes was already doing work through his administration to try to do something about cleaning up of this very special river .
" The whole thrust of the legislative action that I took in the Congress was based on a theory ... that if you could clean up the Cuyahoga River , that would demonstrate to the rest of the nation that we could clean up any body of water .
" So Cleveland and the Cuyahoga River became the pilot project ... and because of that pilot action , today this is a navigable river -- one where people can go boating and take other recreational activity .
" We 've come a long way in 40 years from the day that this river caught on fire . "
VIDEO : Frank Samsel , retired owner of Samsel Supply Co. , was n't surprised the river caught fire .
He recalls regularly sucking up fats from rendering plants along with fuel and chemical spills .
Cuyahoga River fire - Frank Samsel , ran clean - up boat
Frank Samsel
Frank Samsel -- and his 56 - foot boat , the Putzfrau -- played a large role in that work .
Now retired , but owner of Samsel Supply Co. in the Flats since 1958 , Samsel and his crews on the Putzfrau -- German for " cleaning lady " -- began first by picking out large debris and then sucking up flammable and chemical liquids .
Samsel said he was n't surprised to hear the river had caught fire -- and remembered a later incident that could have ended worse .
" Are you kidding ?
We once cleaned up a 164,000 - gallon gasoline spill , " he recalled recently .
" I mean this was bad , this stopped all railroad and marine traffic , but we did n't tell anyone about it because we did n't want some nut coming down there smoking a cigar . "
Samsel said pollution was so pervasive on the river that his crew was n't even called out unless there was an oil slick or other known industrial spill of more than 2,000 gallons .
" The river was always dirty , that was the way it was , " he said .
" And it never froze , there was so much heat in the water coming from the cooling waters of the steel mills . "
But the Putzfrau began to make a dent in some of the surface pollution on the river .
" But in a 16 - hour day , we could pick up 100 cubic yards of debris and 15,000 gallons of oil a day , " he said .
" And we had spills that would take four or five days , so there was a lot of stuff on that river . "
That " stuff " included everything from fats and grease from slaughterhouses and rendering plants along the river to acids used in steelmaking or dyes from paint plants -- along with much of the raw or partially treated sewage from the entire Cleveland - Akron area .
But Samsel said that debris collecting at the mouth of the Cuyahoga was n't all industrial waste .
" When spring floods would come , picnic benches , screen doors and automobile tires would come down and mix in with the industrial waste , " he said .
" The industrial got blamed , but it was like the old Pogo comic strip said : ' We have met the enemy -- and it is us . ' "
Bob Wysenski
Wysenski , former assistant chief of the Ohio EPA 's Northeast Ohio District office , was sometimes known as " Mr. Cuyahoga " among environmental pollution activists and officials at the time .
He also played a key role in the establishment of the Cuyahoga River Remedial Action Plan , or RAP , which still guides river recovery today .
He retired in 2000 after nearly three decades at the EPA , which was formed in the early 1970s in the wake of the Clean Water Act .
He now lives in Philadelphia and said he 's proud of the work he did to turn the Cuyahoga around .
" Absolutely -- one of biggest accomplishments of my life , " he said in a telephone interview .
" We covered 15 rivers out of the Northeast District office , and the Cuyahoga was always nearest and dearest to my heart because of its history and how far it had to come back from . "
He also remembers his first impressions .
" I grew up on a farm and went to college at Hiram and thought I knew about the Cuyahoga River , " he said .
" But going into the Cleveland Flats was an eye - opening experience .
" I was sent down to get a water sample near the Jennings Avenue Bridge by Big Creek , where there was a slaughterhouse nearby , and I remember watching blood and animal parts pouring out of the outfall and into the river . "
Wysenski said the reddish water and body parts would then go and mix with the oil , chemicals and sewage already in the water .
" There were other days that the river was just orange from the pickling acid used by the steel mills , " he said .
" And depending on the day , you would routinely see oil slicks on the river .
" But the really amazing thing was that no one really noticed much .
Today those would be considered a major spill .
Then , it was a regular thing . "
Ed Kelly and Jim Schafer
Kelly and Schafer , two of the original employees in the city of Cleveland 's Bureau of Industrial Wastes , can still see those spills -- in part because Schafer still has photographic evidence .
The photos showing the river from the summer of 1967 right up to June 1969 were taken as part of a survey of river polluters .
The images reveal a sometimes orangish - brown waterway clogged with crud , debris and sudsy - looking runoff from various sewer outfalls .
" We drove a boat up and down the river and got out and marked the pipes on each side -- from No. 1 to maybe a hundred -- both the west and east sides , " said Kelly , who now runs a Brunswick Hills company called Storm Water Control Services .
Schafer said the team used dye to determine the source of the discharge and that a lab " analyzed the wastes so that we knew exactly what was being discharged . "
Schafer , now retired and living in Geauga County , said in a written recollection : " This was all done without the knowledge of the officials in Columbus from the Ohio Department of Health or the officials in the city of Cleveland .
" At this time , the state of Ohio and the city of Cleveland were involved in litigation over which governmental level had ultimate authority , and state laws were weak in enforcing water pollution control . "
Kelly said their next action was probably a risk .
" We started calling companies to tell them to stop polluting the river , " he said .
" But we really did n't have the authority to do that , but it also worked a lot of the time . "
Advertisements
Here are the thanks President Obama got from Joe Lieberman for saving his committee chairmanship .
Lieberman has blasted Obama for releasing the torture memos , saying that their release helped our enemies , and he repeated his position that waterboarding is n’t really torture .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Lieberman said , “ I thought release of the memos was a bad idea .
It was n’t necessary .
It just helps our enemies .
It does n’t really help us . ”
Of course , Lieberman believes that waterboarding is only psychological torture , “ Well , I take a minority position on this .
Most people think it ’s definitely torture .
The truth is , it has mostly a psychological impact on people .
It ’s a terrible thing to do . ”
Democrats , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , were ready to strip Lieberman of his chairmanship of the Homeland Security Committee , after Lieberman supported John McCain and spoke at the 2008 Republican convention , but , then President Elect , Obama intervened and urged Reid to let bygones be bygones , and let Lieberman keep his chairmanship .
Lieberman is another torture supporter who managed to avoid military service .
He was granted an educational deferment from 1960 - 1967 , and then he was granted another deferment because he got married and had a child .
It is amazing to me that these people who have never defended their country are so willing to torture .
If the Democrats get over the magic number of 60 Senate votes after the 2010 election , there will be a strong movement to give Lieberman the boot .
Lieberman is easily the left ’s most hated non-Republican , and few tears would be shed if he was kicked out of the Democratic caucus .
Buffalo Japan has introduced a dice shaped portable speaker for iPod , Buffalo BSSP05I .
according to your choice colorful range is available .
Buffalo BSSP05I is power from the iPod and delivers an output of 1W and best thing it features volume control .
This Buffalo BSSP05I dice is well - suitable with all iPods excluding iPod Shuffle .
Buffalo BSSP05I dice is going on sale next month in Japan priced at 2814 Yen , around $ 33 USD .
via
Bold , bio - inspired , vertical and sustainable : those are the traits that architecture of the future will share , if you go by the trends in current cutting - edge concept designs .
While some of these architectural concepts will never become reality , others are already in progress or slated to begin construction soon .
From a sparkling urban farm inspired by a dragonfly ’s wing to a dystopian concept that embraces genetic engineering , here are 12 amazing designs that give us a peek into what the future may bring .
Songjiang Hotel : Paradise in a Water - Filled Quarry
The Songjiang Hotel by Atkins Design makes use of a beautiful water - filled quarry in the Songjiang district just outside Shanghai in China .
This innovative design features a green roof , geothermal energy and underwater areas including a restaurant and guest rooms .
The quarry provides an ideal setting for sports and leisure including swimming , water sports , rock climbing and bungee jumping .
The Songjiang Hotel was originally slated to be completed by May 2009 , but as of now it ’s still just a concept .
Dragonfly , a Metabolic Farm for Urban Agriculture
From Vincent Vallebaut , designer of the Lilypad concept , comes another stunning sustainable design that aims to meet the food , housing and energy challenges of the future .
The Dragonfly is an urban farm concept for New York City ’s Roosevelt Island , modeled after the wings of a dragonfly and designed to provide fresh , local food within an urban environment .
Fruit , vegetables , grains , meat and dairy would be produced on the Dragonfly ’s 132 floors and the entire structure would be powered by a combination of solar and wind power .
The Venus Project : Working Toward Sustainable Global Civilization
( Designed by Jacque Fresco – images via : The Venus Project )
In order to survive global warming , the growing human population and other challenges in the upcoming centuries , some believe that we must start from scratch with a new model of human civilization that directs our technology and resources toward the positive , for the maximum benefit of the people and the planet .
The Venus Project is a vision for a brand new world civilization and redesign of our entire culture .
Circular cities with built - in farms and public transit , along with sea cities that can accommodate millions , are just part of this complex and visionary idea to take us “ beyond politics , poverty and war ” .
The Origami , Seamless Indoor / Outdoor Apartment Living
By making apartment buildings entirely vertical , we could enhance the livability of urban residences and provide lush green gardens for each apartment dweller to enjoy .
The Origami by Kann Finch , designed for Meydan City in Dubai , would give each apartment an open quality that extends the internal living areas to extensive balconies with uplifting window walls .
A patterned solid / glass screen gives the building visual interest from the outside and provides shade and privacy for the residents .
Dynamic , Wind - Powered Rotating Tower
<
Italian architect David Fischer designed the Dynamic Tower Skyscraper so that each of its 80 floors would rotate according to voice command .
Fischer wanted to design a space where you could enjoy the sunrise and sunset from the same room .
The rotation takes up to 3 hours and is powered by solar panels and 79 wind turbines , with one turbine located between each floor .
Almost the entire structure will be pre-fabricated offsite .
Construction is due to be completed by the end of 2010 .
Højblokka / Puls High - Rise
The Højblokka_PULS project by MAPT + DARK architects is another approach to vertical urban living , taking advantage of vertical space to expand the capacity of large cities as the population grows .
The idea is to have buildings with smaller footprints that is woven into the circulation of the area , combining office spaces , hotels , leisure and shopping facilities with sunlit public spaces in its low - rise urban block .
Green and Modern Fair & Exhibition Space at the Punta Umbria Pavilion
MRDP Arquitectos , a Spanish design firm , wanted to create a space for fairs and exhibitions that would remain lively even in between events , maximizing the usage of the space .
Their design for the Punta Umbria Pavilion is situated on an urban plaza and is contained under an expansive green roof covered in native , weather - resistant , low - maintenance plants .
A 17 m tower serves as a ‘ lighthouse ’ that provides views of the river and its surroundings .
Sky - Terra Skyscrapers : Urban Recreation in the Sky
As cities become more crowded , green urban space comes at a premium .
One idea for preserving recreation space in urban environments is the Sky - Terra Skyscraper by San Francisco - based designer Joanna Borek - Clement .
Sky - Terra is a neuron - like network of skyscrapers that tower over the city , bringing public parks , amphitheaters , fields and public pools closer to the sun .
The inner core of each structure has elevators to transport people from street level to the top .
The Future World Trade Center
New York was deprived of its Twin Towers in 2001 , but it will soon have a whole new World Trade Center gracing its skyline .
Made up of five new skyscrapers , a museum , a transportation hub , a retail complex and a performing arts center , the new design aims to make the World Trade Center a cultural and commemorative destination .
The memorial plaza is scheduled to open on September 11th 2011 , followed by the underground memorial museum and Tower 4 in 2012 and the Freedom Tower in 2013 .
The economic meltdown has slowed progress and it ’s unknown when towers 2 , 3 and 5 will be completed .
‘ My Dream , Our Vision ’ by Design Act
Singapore - based design firm Design
Act created the ‘ My Dream , Our Vision ’ concept for the World Expo 2010 Singapore Pavilion Competition .
It uses permutated cubes to generate a pixelated - looking sculptural building that that looks like an illuminated ‘ digital cloud ’ hovering over a constantly changing green pasture .
Designed to present Singapore as the ideal example of a city that can transform the lives of everyone who comes into contact with it , the ‘ My Dream , Our Vision ’ concept encourages visitors to post their dreams inside .
No Man ’s Land : Fresh Water , Clean Energy … and Peace
Can architecture foster peace in the Middle East ?
The No Man ’s Land concept by New York - based architect Phu Hoang Office solves some site - specific issues such as friction over water control and also provides recreation , tourist attractions and renewable energy .
The No Man ’s Land design is made up of a network of islands , creating an artificial archipelago that actually extracts water molecules from the air to be desalinated , providing fresh drinking water .
Dystopian Farming in Manhattan
Resembling the nest of an insect , the Dystopian Farming project by Eric Vergne combines farms , worker housing and market places , mixing politically opposing classes – farmers and urban consumers .
The idea is to reject the romanticizing of food projection and embrace genetic engineering , airoponic watering and nutrient technologies in a fully man-controlled environment in order to meet Manhattan ’s food production needs .
Lately I ’ve been writing a few applications ( e.g. , PickyWiki and a revisiting a request - tracking application VaingloriousEye ) , and I usually use no framework at all .
Pylons would be a natural choice , but given that I am comfortable with all the components , I find myself inclined to assemble the pieces myself .
In the process I keep writing bits of code to make WSGI applications from simple WebOb - based request / response cycles .
The simplest form looks like this :
from webob import Request , Response , exc def wsgiwrap ( func ) : def wsgi_app ( environ , start_response ) : req = Request ( environ ) try : resp = func( req ) except exc.HTTPException , e : resp = e return resp( environ , start_response ) return wsgi_app @wsgiwrap def hello_world ( req ) : return Response ( ' Hi %s ! ' % ( req.POST.get ( ' name ' , ' You ' ) ) )
But each time I ’d write it , I change things slightly , implementing more or less features .
For instance , handling methods , or coercing other responses , or handling middleware .
Having implemented several of these ( and reading other people ’s implementations ) I decided I wanted WebOb to include a kind of reference implementation .
But I do n’t like to include anything in WebOb unless I ’m sure I can get it right , so I ’d really like feedback .
( There ’s been some less than positive feedback , but I trudge on . )
My implementation is in a WebOb branch , primarily in webob.dec ( along with some doctests ) .
The most prominent way this is different from the example I gave is that it does n’t change the function signature , instead it adds an attribute .wsgi_app which is WSGI application associated with the function .
My goal with this is that the decorator is n’t intrusive .
Here ’s the case where I ’ve been bothered :
class MyClass ( object ) : @wsgiwrap def form ( self , req ) : return Response ( form_html ... ) @wsgiwrap def form_post ( self , req ) : handle submission
OK , that ’s fine , then I add validation :
@wsgiwrap def form_post ( self , req ) : if req not valid : return self .
form handle submission
This still works , because the decorator allows you to return any WSGI application , not just a WebOb Response object .
But that ’s not helpful , because I need errors …
@wsgiwrap def form_post ( self , req ) : if req not valid : return self .
form ( req , errors ) handle submission
That is , I want to have an option argument to the form method that passes in errors .
But I ca n’t do this with the traditional wsgiwrap decorator , instead I have to refactor the code to have a third method that both form and form_post use .
Of course , there ’s more than one way to address this issue , but this is the technique I like .
The one other notable feature is that you can also make middleware :
@wsgify.middleware def cap_middleware( req , app ) : resp = app ( req ) resp.body = resp.body.upper ( ) return resp capped_app = cap_middleware( some_wsgi_app )
If script fonts on wedding invitations generally make your stomach turn , this invite layout should provide some typographic Alka - Seltzer .
That 's what happens when a great interactive designer gets married .
Designed by the groom himself , Jamey Erickson principal over at Sevnthsin in Minneapolis created his invites with a simple and bold typographic layout .
Check out some
Sevnthsin interactive work here
.
( They did this great
website
recently for P.O.S. )
The column layout using justified type accents information and creates heirarchy in a way unique to wedding invitations .
The invite set was letterpress printed in our studio with black and silver ink on a single press sheet to keep costs reasonable .
( just the little dotted lines of hearts are in silver )
The whole invitation set uses Crane Lettra 110 lb Pearl
White cotton paper stock with matching envelopes .
The program card was printed separately closer to the wedding date .
It is a very long and narrow card format with printing on each side to handle all the program information .
All in all , simple type , done up proper .
Like so many families around the globe , ours has had to make some difficult decisions during the COVID - 19 pandemic .
One of the most agonizing was what to do about school … .
A new poll by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life reveals that the more often Americans go to church , the more likely they are to support the torture of prisoners .
What in the world is going on ?
According to the survey , 54 percent of Americans who attend church at least once per week said the use of torture against suspected terrorists is “ often ” or “ sometimes ” justified , while only 42 percent of Americans who “ seldom or never ” attend church services agreed with that viewpoint .
Wow .
So is that would Jesus do ?
Torture helpless prisoners ?
Just think about this question :
Is a prisoner more likely or less likely to become a Christian if he gets tortured mercilessly by “ Christians ” ?
What about his family ?
Are they more likely or less likely to become Christians if they know their husband or their father or their son has been mercilessly tortured by “ Christians ” ?
What ever happened to the concept of doing good to those who persecute you ?
Well , the truth is that the church is quickly becoming as corrupt as the nation as a whole is , and that is saying a lot .
Imagine a government that cruelly tortures thousands of prisoners endlessly for years and years and then announces to the world that nobody will ever be held accountable for the torture .
That ’s torture “ American style ” .
Where else in the world can you be waterboarded an average of 6 times per day ?
It has now been revealed that terror suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in March 2003 and Abu Zubaydah was waterboarded 83 times in August 2002 .
The following is how Wikipedia defines waterboarding :
Waterboarding is a form of torture that consists of immobilizing the victim on his or her back with the head inclined downwards , and then pouring water over the face and into the breathing passages .
By forced suffocation and inhalation of water the subject experiences drowning and is caused to believe they are about to die .
Imagine having to go through that once .
Now imagine having to go through it 183 times in one month .
How could we treat any human being that way ?
But now it is being announced that nobody will ever be held accountable for all of this torture .
President Barack Obama recently released four top secret memos from during the Bush administration that discussed the torture of terror suspects held at Guantanamo Bay and at other secret detention centers around the globe .
In a statement accompanying the release of the memos , Obama said very clearly that those who had been involved in the torture would NOT be prosecuted .
Obama stated that this is a “ time for reflection , not retribution . ”
What in the world ?
No prosecution for anyone ?
President Obama correctly acknowledged that this was a “ dark and painful chapter in our history . ”
So why is nobody being held accountable ?
“ Nothing will be gained , ” Obama said , “ by spending our time and energy laying blame for the past . ”
Is he serious ?
Is anything gained when we put a rapist in jail ?
Is anything gained when we put a serial killer behind bars ?
How can he say that nothing would be gained from prosecuting those people who have committed horrific torture crimes ?
Apparently Barack Obama thinks that all of this torture is not that big of a deal .
The new attorney - general , Eric Holder , also stated that there will be no prosecution of CIA operatives working within the guidelines set by the Bush administration : “ It would be unfair to prosecute dedicated men and women working to protect America for conduct that was sanctioned in advance by the justice department . ”
Unfair ?
Was it unfair to prosecute the Nazis after World War II who were “ just following the orders of Hitler ” ?
You can read the four torture memos that Obama released here :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/page/torture-memos
The torture techniques described in these memos include …..
* Forced nudity
*” Walling ” , which is slamming a prisoner into a wall
*” Cramped confinement ” which means “ placement of the individual in a confined space ”
* Stinging insects placed inside “ a confinement box ”
* Waterboarding – one of the memos actually admits that “ the use of waterboarding constitutes a threat of imminent death ”
* Sleep deprivation for several days
* Sleep deprivation while wearing a diaper
* The use of “ stress positions ” to cause “ muscle fatigue ”
*” Dietary manipulation ”
* Facial and abdominal slapping
One of the most shocking things in these memos is that they recognized that the techniques that they were authorizing were ones that we condemned other countries for using .
However , the reality of American torture goes far beyond what was described in those four memos .
The truth is that it is documented that the torture of American prisoners around the world has been absolutely sadistic and brutal .
The following is list of some of the torture acts that U.S. military personnel committed against “ terror suspects ” as recorded in the executive summary of the Article 15 - 6 investigation of the 800th Military Police Brigade by Major General Antonio M. Taguba .
A full copy of this report can be found at MSNBC.com …..
* Videotaping and photographing naked male and female detainees
* Forcibly arranging detainees in various sexually explicit positions for photographing
* Forcing detainees to remove their clothing and keeping them naked for several days at a time
* Forcing naked male detainees to wear women ’s underwear
* Forcing groups of male detainees to masturbate themselves while being photographed and videotaped
* Arranging naked male detainees in a pile and then jumping on them
* Positioning a naked detainee on a MRE Box , with a sandbag on his head , and attaching wires to his fingers , toes , and penis to simulate electric torture
* Writing “ I am a Rapest ” ( sic ) on the leg of a detainee alleged to have forcibly raped a 15 - year old fellow detainee , and then photographing him naked
* Placing a dog chain or strap around a naked detainee ’s neck and having a female Soldier pose for a picture
* A male MP guard having sex with a female detainee
* Using military working dogs ( without muzzles ) to intimidate and frighten detainees , and in at least one case biting and severely injuring a detainee
* Taking photographs of dead Iraqi detainees
* Breaking chemical lights and pouring the phosphoric liquid on detainees
* Threatening detainees with a charged 9 mm pistol
* Pouring cold water on naked detainees
* Beating detainees with a broom handle and a chair
* Threatening male detainees with rape
* Sodomizing a detainee with a chemical light and perhaps a broom stick
Does that sound like sadistic torture to you ?
I certainly hope so .
Do n’t you think that those who participated in such acts should be held accountable ?
So do I .
But apparently Obama does not , so all of the torturers are going to escape punishment and will never be brought to trial .
For even more reports of American torture that are almost too horrific to describe , read these articles :
http://www.uruknet.info/?p=30291
http://arabwomanblues.blogspot.com/2009/05/news-from-iraqs-underworld.html
The word “ shame ” is not nearly strong enough to describe this state of affairs .
Have the American people sunk so low that they are now perfectly willing to accept that their government brutally tortures people with absolutely no accountability ?
Has the church sunk so low that it now applauds the sadistic torture of helpless prisoners ?
Growing up I always regarded torture as something that the “ bad guys ” did .
That was something that the Nazis and the Soviets and the North Koreans did .
Are we now becoming the bad guys ?
It is a fair question .
For first - timers : this is a quiz meant to delay , provoke and frustrate those who merely Google for answers .
The questions are usually implied by the text .
Which means you have to work out what is useful , and what is merely a misdirection or an attempt to be helpful .
You can use the Reply / Comment function here .
Your attempts will be hidden from others till tomorrow evening .
The quiz closes at 7 pm on Monday 6 Jan 2014 .
Please note that you are allowed only one attempt per question .
wooden ipod by josh d
josh d from australia has taken apart an ipod mini unit and rebuilt the case using nothing but natural wood and screws .
the design uses no glue and the click wheel is attached to the sensor via double sided tape .
wooden ipod
wooden ipod
making of ipod wooden ipod
making of wooden ipod
making of ipod
wooden ipod
via ilounge
Air board pays $ 75 K for columnist 's speech
Judging by the $ 75,000 speaking fee it paid to New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , the Bay Area Air Quality Management District has plenty of green to burn even in these lean times .
The agency , which gets its money from business permits and federal and state sources , booked the Pulitzer Prize - winning pundit to appear this past week at its big climate summit in downtown Oakland 's Fox Theater , attended by 500 invited bureaucrats .
In addition to Friedman 's speaking fee , the air board picked up his tab for a night at the Claremont Resort .
Air district spokeswoman Lisa Fasano put the summit cost at $ 200,000 - or about $ 400 per participant .
Fasano said the idea was to bring together managers and planners to " spark even greater movement " in the effort to reduce the Bay Area 's greenhouse - gas footprint .
Friedman spent about two hours with the group , including answering questions and autographing copies of his latest book , " Hot , Flat and Crowded " - in which he argues that a national strategy of " geo- Greenism " is needed to save the planet from global warming and to make the country more productive .
As for reports that Friedman 's talk was almost identical to a speech he gave in November in Florida at a National League of Cities confab - which is available online for free ?
" That very likely may be , " Fasano said .
" But this certainly is much more moving and inspirational to see and hear in person . "
For that price , we hope so .
Foul ball : Baseball 's Tony La Russa is n't to be Twittered with .
This past week , the St. Louis Cardinals manager and Danville resident slapped a lawsuit on the San Francisco - based social networking site Twitter after his name and image were used online to make it appear he was a Twitter user himself .
And a very crude one , at that .
" Lost 2 out of 3 , but we made it out of Chicago without one drunk driving incident or dead pitcher , " said one posting under La Russa 's name and photo .
" We tried to reach ( Twitter ) for a week , and got no response , " said La Russa 's attorney , Gregory McCoy .
But within a half hour of the trade infringement and " cybersquatting " complaint being filed in San Francisco Superior Court , the bogus La Russa home page and postings vanished from Twitterland .
And from what we 're told , the suit will probably disappear as well .
The name game : Lt. Gov. John Garamendi just commissioned a poll that ( surprise , surprise ) showed him to be the front - runner in the race to replace outgoing East Bay Rep. Ellen Tauscher .
What makes the poll noteworthy , however , is that if it is an accurate predictor of the special election to replace Tauscher , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger could find himself with the chance to replace Garamendi as the state 's No. 2 official .
Someone who would then have an inside lane in the race to replace Arnold when he is terminated out next year .
Among the names already being floated : Republican state Sen .
Abel Maldonado , former state Assembly Speaker Fabian Núñez - a Democrat - and , our personal favorite , Arnold 's wife , MariaShriver .
Fire prevention : Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums ' slash - and - burn budget calls for laying off 140 police officers - but not so much as one firefighter .
Apparently , they are untouchable .
City
Hall sources tell us the no-cut policy began with a deal cut to pass Measure Y , the 2004 parking and parcel tax that Oakland voters approved to increase public safety .
Initially , the measure was meant to put more cops on the streets , but early polling showed voters reluctant to get on board .
So the firefighters - still basking in the hero glow of 9/11 - were brought into the mix .
In exchange , the Fire Department was promised an extra $ 4 million a year .
And just to make sure nobody backed out , language was inserted in the measure guaranteeing a minimum of 507 firefighters citywide .
Political 911 : You know it 's election time when teachers and firefighters start popping up on your TV screen , and the reason is simple - they sell .
In fact , firefighters are so good at political pitching that the California Professional Firefighters association owns and operates its own TV studio in Sacramento , where it produces commercials for candidates and measures it 's backing .
And with good reason .
A 2005 California Voter Survey found that firefighters , nurses and teachers were the highest scorers with voters when it came to perceptions of honesty and ethics .
Unlike other public employees , who are often viewed as lazy and interested only in their pensions , firefighters , nurses and teachers are seen as the good guys .
Plus , unlike cops , " they do n't arrest anyone , " said pollster David Binder .
So when the chips are down , out go the calls and in come the firefighters and teachers .
Which is what 's happening now with the ballot measures that are intended to help bail the state out if its financial mess .
As for the nurses : they 're available - but for the opposition .
They 're against Arnold 's plan .
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
An acclaimed US poet has gone missing during a visit to a volcano in Japan .
Craig Arnold , 41 , vanished after hiking up to the volcano on the island of Kuchinoerabu - jima in the northern Ryukyu Islands of southern Japan .
Japanese authorities have launched a search mission for Mr Arnold , who is an assistant professor of English at the University of Wyoming .
He was in Japan on an exchange fellowship to work on a book about volcanoes around the world .
His brother Chris Arnold , who lives in New York , said Mr Arnold had set off for the volcano shortly after arriving at the island by ferry on Monday and checking in at a local inn .
When he had n't returned by the evening , the inn staff went to look for him .
They reported him missing at 2100 local time , and a formal search began that night .
The next day , police and fire crews , dogs and a helicopter joined the search .
They are really having to do it by lines of people walking across areas to make sure they are covered
Augusta Palmer , sister - in - law Police said they had found Mr Arnold 's tracks on a trail up to the volcano , but they did n't see any tracks coming down .
Chris Arnold said it was possible that after emerging at the top , his brother may have had difficulty finding the trail to get back down .
" I know my brother is tough and can survive in these conditions for many days , but I sincerely hope more manpower can be devoted to the search soon , " he told the university 's website .
Chris Arnold 's wife , Augusta Palmer , said dense vegetation on the slopes of the volcano made helicopter searches virtually useless .
" They are really having to do it by lines of people walking across areas to make sure they 're covered , " she said .
Japanese law only requires authorities to look for missing people for three days , but University of Wyoming officials said the search had been extended until Sunday .
University President Tom Buchanan said : " The thoughts of the UW community are with Craig and his family .
" We hope the Japanese search team will be able to continue its work until he is found . "
Mr Arnold 's poetry has been anthologised in several volumes of the Best American Poetry series .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Hell on Earth ' German Bishop Links Nazi Crimes to Atheism
In an Easter sermon that has drawn widespread criticism , the Catholic bishop of Augsburg has linked the crimes committed under Nazi and Communist regimes to atheism .
Atheist groups have reacted with fury and accuse the cleric of rewriting history .
So , when we said that we do n’t know when Australia will be getting the phone , well now we know .
Both Vodafone Australia and Three have made announcements , on their respective websites , that the new HTC Magic smartphone that has the Android OS on it will be coming to their network .
Currently , Optus is the only telecommunications network that offers an Android OS phone , the HTC Dream .
I would also like to point out that Vodafone and Three will be merging soon – so that could be a more likely case why both would announce the phone at the very same time .
Now Telstra , you might want to start getting your own Android phone soon …
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/11/2009
An ' Anti Gay ' epidemic we actually hope catches on
by Jeremy Hooper
NY state Senator Ruben Diaz may be the area 's most vocal opponent of marriage equality .
But we will give him credit in terms of how he frames his antipathy .
This is the headline of a new press release from Diaz ' office :
Hispanic Clergy To Conduct Anti Gay Marriage Rally [ Diaz ]
So where do we see praise ?
Well , unlike so many of this nation 's anti-gays , Diaz is n't hiding his position behind a false " pro-family " or " traditional marriage " veil .
He is coming out and admitting the truth :
That rallies designed to keep gay folks from legally marrying are NOT " protect marriage " rallies -- they are ANTI GAY RALLIES !
It 's an obvious point , but one that the vast majority of our opponents refuse to admit .
And it's of particular note , since we firmly believe that if more ' mo foes had been admitting their foe - iness all these years , we in the shunned gay set would be even further ahead than we currently are .
Because what our opposition has so cleverly done is to reframe their own hostile pushes so that they seem like nice , positive fetes of " protection . "
Had every last one of them been coming right out and calling their efforts ANTI GAY and their discrimination had therefore been laid bare , then we 're convinced that fewer otherwise well - intentioned people would 've been duped into pulling the lever in favor of bias .
So yea :
Thanks , Sen. Diaz !
If you can't come out and support our right as citizens of New York to have our civil partnerships recognized in the same way as our tax - paying hetero counterparts , then it's at least nice that you can admit that you 're carrying a sword and not a shield !!
Your thoughts
Good one .
I totally agree .
Posted by : Taylor Siluwé | May 11 , 2009 6:31:34 PM
An honest homophobe .
I may pass out .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | May 11 , 2009 7:12:20 PM
I have yet to understand why straight people care if gay people get married .
It 's got nothing to do with them .
Why do n't they mind their own f*cking business ?
Posted by : Jolie du Pre | May 12 , 2009 1:08:48 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
poof
In the above image , related views of the Acropolis are " clustered " together , allowing for a more efficient image matching system .
Microsoft ( MSFT ) just sent out a press release annoucing and linking to its new search engine , Bing .
Rather than read a bunch of hype , we decided to try it out .
Looks like it 's not ready for primetime yet .
But nice minimalist design !
Update : Disappointed , we started reading the press release .
" The new service , located at http://www.Bing.com, will begin to roll out over the coming days and will be fully deployed worldwide on Wednesday , June 3 . "
Truly amazing that they would link twice to a blank page .
Update 2 : Microsoft has replaced the blank page with a placeholder .
Recoil Games has just released the first screenshots for Earth No More , a new title in which plants have taken over the world .
You play as Will Foster / Forsythe , a DHS chemical weapons specialist , who is checking out a gas - attack in Washington , DC .
It is revealed though that it is only a government cover , keeping a secret that plants are taking over the world .
During the course of the game , you ’ll be joined by four other people , in an attempt to survive the apocalyptic threat of environmental extinction .
Conversation between players is described as being similar to Mass Effect .
Also , multiplayer and co-op are being considered for the game .
Now , without further ado , the screenshots for “ Earth No More ” , coming to PS3 at a future date .
What do you think about this new title ?
Post your comments below .
[ Source ]
See my website for an even easier way .
Lock The Cart
Many stores have installed locking wheels on their shopping carts that are supposed to stop shopping cart theft .
The cart gets a signal when it leaves the parking lot and one of the wheels locks up .
This instructable will show you how to forge that signal and lock up anybodies shopping cart where you want ( works inside and outside the store ) .
This will work on any cart that has the solid wheel like shown in the picture below .
These are the wheels that walmart uses .
This method works the same way as the EMP Shopping cart locker but is way easier to make , however the range is far less , about 2 to 5 feet .
I made this a couple weeks ago and I saw the high power one today and decided to post mine .
It consists of an mp3 player playing the lock signal attached to a coil of magnet wire .
When the mp3 player and the coil are placed in my shoe I can step about 6 inches from someones cart wheel and their wheel will lock .
Note :
The picture is using the old coil , which had far less range , the coil I am now using is about 30 turns around a 1 foot diameter , with nothing in the middle .
This increased the range to about 4 feet .
We ’re not above a humble brag from time to time , so we ’ll just come out and say it :
Yes , we have the best wedding website builder !
We ’ve helped millions of couples plan their wedding and we ’re pretty on - point when it comes to giving couples what they love and need most .
Our free Wedding Websites also make it so simple to keep guests in the know and RSVP in a click .
You can choose from 100 + brand - spanking - new , professionally - designed Wedding Website templates and matching invitations .
Your Wedding Website also integrates with your Guest List and Registry so that you can manage everything from a single place .
Do n’t forget to download The Knot Wedding Planner app to get notifications and manage your website on the go .
Listen to Ron Paul .
Click the play button below .
With a faltering economy , and skyrocketing costs , healthcare continues to be a critical issue for all Americans .
Unfortunately government encroachment into the doctor / patient relationship is poised to exacerbate our problems with healthcare .
As an OB / GYN with over 30 years of experience in private practice , I understand that one of the foundations of quality healthcare is the patient ’s confidence that all information shared with his or her healthcare provider will remain private .
And yet , the Federal Government plans to undermine this trust with establishment of mandatory electronic medical records collection and unique health identifier numbers assigned to all Americans .
Funding for this program was among the numerous provisions jammed into the stimulus bill rushed through Congress earlier this year .
Electronic medical records that are part of the federal system will only receive the protection granted by the federal medical privacy rule .
This misnamed rule actually protects the ability of government officials and state - favored special interests to view private medical records without patient consent .
Aside from those concerns , the government ’s ability to protect medical records is highly questionable .
After all , we are all familiar with cases where third parties obtained access to electronic veteran , tax , and other records because of errors made by federal bureaucrats .
We should also consider the abuse of IRS records by administrations of both parties .
What would happen if unscrupulous politicians gained the power to access their political enemies ’ electronic medical records ?
For these reasons I have introduced the Protect Patients ’ and Physicians ’ Privacy Act , HR 2630 , which allows patients and physicians to opt out of any federally mandated , created , or funded electronic medical records system .
The bill also repeals sections of federal law establishing a unique health identifier  and requires patient consent before any electronic medical records can be released to a 3rd party .
I have also introduced the Coercion is Not Health Care Act , HR 2629 .
This legislation forbids the federal government from forcing any American to purchase health insurance , or conditioning participation in any federal program on the purchase of health insurance .
Forcing Americans to purchase government - approved health insurance is a back door approach to creating a government - controlled healthcare system .
Congress would define what policies and coverage requirements satisfy their mandate .
Does anyone then doubt that what conditions and treatments are covered would be determined by who has the most effective lobby ?
Or that Congress would be capable of writing a mandatory insurance policy that fits the unique needs of every individual in the United States ?
With these conditions in place , I foresee the eventual imposition of price controls and limitations on what procedures and treatments are covered .
This will result in an increasing number of providers turning to cash only  practices , making it difficult for those relying on the government - mandated insurance to find healthcare — the exact opposite of the desired result !
Consider the increasing number of physicians who are already withdrawing from the Medicare program because of the low reimbursement and constant bureaucratic harassment from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
Congress should put the American people back in charge of healthcare by expanding healthcare tax credits and deductions , increasing access to Health Savings Accounts , respecting privacy and the doctor / patient relationship .
Further politicizing and bureaucratizing of healthcare will only increase costs and reduce quality , as demonstrated by most other countries with socialized medicine .
See the Ron Paul File
Audio Book
June 3 , 2009
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
* Picoplatin suggests lower colon - cancer nerve - damage risk
* Side effects include lower platelets , white blood cells
* Suggests greater ability to cut prostate - cancer marker
* CEO aims for pivotal trials next year vs both cancers
* Shares down less than 1 percent
By Ransdell Pierson
NEW YORK , May 28 ( Reuters ) - Poniard Pharmaceuticals Inc PARD.O said on Thursday that its experimental drug picoplatin showed favorable results in mid-stage trials against advanced colorectal cancer and advanced prostate cancer , setting the stage for possible late - stage studies in 2010 .
The tiny U.S. biotechnology company has already said it plans later this year to seek U.S. regulatory approval of the medicine as a treatment for small - cell lung cancer .
Picoplatin is meant to be as effective as current platinum - based cancer drugs , including Sanofi- Aventis ' SASY .
PA blockbuster Eloxatin ( oxaliplatin ) , but with considerably less nerve toxicity .
The Phase II colorectal cancer trial described on Thursday involved 101 patients with advanced cancer who had not received prior chemotherapy .
One group received Eloxatin along with two other standard treatments , 5 - fluorouracil and leucovorin .
The three drugs , known as the FOLFOX regimen , are the current gold standard of treatment against metastatic colorectal cancer .
Another group of patients instead received picoplatin every four weeks alongside 5 - fluorouracil and leucovorin .
Symptoms worsened within seven months among the average patient taking the Eloxatin regimen , which Poniard said was similar to the 6.8 months for those taking the picoplatin combination .
About three - fourths of patients in both groups achieved disease control , as judged by stable disease or reduction in tumor size .
Poniard said only 29 percent of patients receiving the picoplatin combination experienced neurotoxicity -- such as uncomfortable tingling of fingers and toes -- compared with 60 percent of those treated with the Eloxatin regimen .
Moreover , none of the picoplatin - treated patients experienced severe neurotoxicity , compared with 16 percent of those taking Eloxatin , Poniard said .
“ This data suggests activity ( against cancer ) is retained , but toxicity is improved by substituting picoplatin for Eloxatin , ” said Dr. Richard Goldberg , a University of North Carolina oncologist who is a consultant for Poniard .
But the picoplatin - treated patients showed a greater incidence of blood abnormalities , such as lowered levels of infection - fighting white blood cells and platelets -- sticky blood cells that promote clotting .
Poniard said one episode of fever was associated with reduced white blood cells .
No bleeding complications -- often seen with reduced platelet counts -- were reported .
The other mid-stage study described on Thursday involved 32 patients with metastatic prostate cancer who had not received prior chemotherapy .
All patients received intravenous picoplatin every three weeks in combination with Taxotere ( docetaxel ) , a leading prostate cancer treatment sold by Sanofi - Aventis , and daily doses of the steroid prednisone .
Some 78 percent of patients who could be evaluated were able to reduce their level of a protein called PSA , or prostate specific antigen , by at least 50 percent for at least four weeks .
The protein is considered a marker for prostate cancer , or prostate cancer risk .
By contrast , Poniard said only about 45 percent of similar patients receiving Taxotere by itself would be expected to reduce their PSA levels to such a degree .
PSA levels began to rise again within 8.5 months in the average patient .
That is somewhat better than the 6 months one would expect for Taxotere as a stand - alone treatment , said Dr. William Oh , a Harvard oncologist who is a consultant for Poniard .
“ Taxotere is the only drug for ( advanced ) prostate cancer that has been shown to improve survival , so if picoplatin is able in larger trials to further extend survival , that would be an important advance , ” Oh said .
Poniard Chief Executive Jerry McMahon said favorable data from the colorectal and prostate cancer trials could help his company attract a partner that could help finance costly larger trials for the medicine .
“ Our hope -- a lot depending on partnering -- is that we would begin pivotal trials next year in both colorectal and prostate cancer , ” McMahon said in an interview .
Poniard shares were down less than 1 percent at $ 4.45 in morning trading , after rising sharply in premarket activity .
( Reporting by Ransdell Pierson ; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Lisa Von Ahn )
TED Torrent Episode Downloader is a program that allows you to download the latest episodes of your favorite TV series thanks to a perfect combination of RSS and BitTorrent technology .
Because TED is written in java , it means it 's multi-platform so it works on Windows , Linux and Mac .
And of course , you can add your own RSS feed .
We can filter the results by file size , keywords , and minimum number of seeds that must have a torrent to download .
TED comes with a huge list of shows , all waiting for you to be watched .
ted even displays a summary of each show , to help you choose shows you like .
You can subscribe to TV series such as : Lost , Nip Tuck , Dr. House , Mythbusters , American Idol , American Chopper , American Dad ! , Big Brother , Dexter , Family Guy , My name is Earl , Prison Break , Grays Anatomy , and many more .
And of course , you can add your own RSS feed .
Download TED .
[via
[ via Tuxi
TED is an RSS aggregator , but with the functionality of any computer BitTorrent software ( you can use ted with Azureus , uTorrent , Tomato Torrent , Transmission or any other torrent client ) : we subscribe to the TV series which want to download and the program checks the website and any podcast or feed and if updates are found , it downloads them .
John Mitchell was the Attorney - General during the Nixon administration .
His wife - Martha Mitchell - told her psychologist that top
White House officials were engaged in illegal activities .
Her psychologist labeled these claims as caused by mental illness .
Ultimately , however , the relevant facts of the Watergate scandal vindicated her .
In fact , psychologists have now given a label - the " Martha Mitchell Effect " - to " the process by which a psychiatrist , psychologist , or other mental health clinician mistakes the patient 's perception of real events as delusional and misdiagnoses accordingly " .
The authors of a paper on this phenomenon ( Bell , V. , Halligan , P.W. , Ellis , H.D. ( 2003 ) Beliefs About Delusions .
The Psychologist , 6 ( 8 ) , 418-422 ) conclude :
Sometimes , improbable reports are erroneously assumed to be symptoms of mental illness [ due to a ] failure or inability to verify whether the events have actually taken place , no matter how improbable intuitively they might appear to the busy clinician .
Many psychologists - just as Martha Mitchell 's - will tend to assume any claim of conspiracy is improbable .
However , conspiracies are actually common occurences which are well - recognized by the law .
Psychologists are even more apt to label government conspiracies as improbable .
However , as Martha Mitchell 's psychologist learned , they do happen .
Watergate , for example , was a conspiracy .
Psychologists who have attempted to label as delusional those who raise the possibility of government conspiracies do not have even a basic understanding of the Martha Mitchell Effect , or have not examined whether or not there is any factual basis for their patient 's claims .
Obviously , some people are delusional , and see conspiracies where none exist .
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) - Priests beat and raped children during decades of abuse in Catholic - run institutions in Ireland , an official report said on Wednesday , but it stopped short of naming the perpetrators .
A crow flies past the Papal Cross in Phoenix Park , in Dublin , Ireland May 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Cathal McNaughton
Orphanages and industrial schools in 20th century Ireland were places of fear , neglect and endemic sexual abuse , the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse said in a harrowing five - volume report that took nine years to compile .
The Commission , chaired by a High Court judge , blasted successive generations of priests , nuns and Christian Brothers -- a Catholic religious order -- for beating , starving and , in some cases raping , children in Ireland ’s now defunct network of industrial and reformatory schools from the 1930s onwards .
“ When confronted with evidence of sexual abuse , the response of the religious authorities was to transfer the offender to another location where , in many instances , he was free to abuse again , ” the report said .
“ Children lived with the daily terror of not knowing where the next beating was coming from . ”
The report slammed the Department of Education for its failure to stop the crimes .
In rare cases when it was informed of sexual abuse , “ it colluded in the silence , ” the report said .
Successful legal action by the Christian Brothers , the largest provider of residential care for boys in the country , led the Commission to drop its original intention to name the people against whom the allegations were made .
No abusers will be prosecuted as a result of the inquiry .
John Kelly , coordinator of the Survivors of Child Abuse ( SOCA ) group , said there could be no closure without accountability .
“ I have been getting phone calls all day from former residents , they feel their wounds have been reopened for nothing , ” he told Reuters .
“ They were promised justice by the Taoiseach ( Prime Minister ) in 1999 and they feel cheated .
They expected that the abusers would face prosecution . ”
UNDERWEAR INSPECTIONS
The Christian Brothers said they were appalled at the revelations but denied that their lawsuit had obstructed the report .
“ We are deeply sorry , deeply regretful for what has been put before us today , ” Brother Edmund Garvey said .
Many of the children were sent into church care because of school truancy , petty crime or because they were unmarried mothers or their offspring .
Some were used as laborers , churning out rosary beads or set to work on farms .
Sexual abuse was endemic in boys ’ institutions and girls were preyed on by sexual predators who were able to operate unhindered .
The Commission interviewed 1,090 men and women who were housed in 216 institutions including children ’s homes , hospitals and schools .
They told of scavenging for food from waste bins and animal feed , of floggings , scaldings and being held under water .
There were underwear inspections and in one case , a boy was forced to lick excrement from a priest ’s shoe .
Absconders were flogged and some had their heads shaved .
Tom Sweeney , who spent five years at industrial schools including two years at the notorious Artane Industrial School , said it still haunted its former residents .
“ Unfortunately there are a lot of people that have committed suicide , there are a lot of people that have ended up in hospitals and they have been forgotten about , ” he said .
Revelations of abuse , including a string of scandals involving priests molesting young boys , have eroded the Catholic Church ’s moral authority in Ireland , once one of the most religiously devout countries in the world .
The inquiry , conducted at a reported cost of 70 million euros ( $ 95.16 million ) , was announced in 1999 by then Prime Minister Bertie Ahern after he apologized to victims following revelations made in a series of television documentaries .
The government has paid out around 825 million euros in compensation to former residents of the institutions and the final bill is likely to top 1 billion euros .
The report can be downloaded at :
here
I already wrote a relatively long document on the topic ( available at http://www.discontinuity.info/~pkhuong/string-case.lisp), but the format ( pdf or source file ) might not be ideal for everyone .
I think writing pattern matchers is a surprisingly frequent task , so I 'll go over the main points again here .
The usual approach used to implement string - case is to intern the strings in a hash table ( e.g. via symbols ) , and then use a normal eql case .
This seems lossy for at least two reasons : a hash lookup must traverse the string at least twice ( once to compute the hash value , and some more to find the right key ) and the eql case ( usually ) adds a pass over all the cases .
A specialised pattern matcher can do much less work : each test 's branches eliminate at least 1 candidate , and once a single candidate is left , a single pass over the parts of the input string that have n't been examined is needed .
A string - case based on perfect hashing would also be an option .
However , finding such a hash function can take some time , and pessimises behaviour on mismatches .
Obviously , a pattern matcher should , at each step , split the candidate patterns as close to 50/50 as possible , with only half of the candidates left in the ' true ' branch , and the other half in the ' false ' branch .
This can be a problem when some candidates are applicable in both branches ( code explosion or backtracking , more complex metric , ... ) .
Fortunately , this is not the case here , since we only have constant values as patterns .
In this case , first discriminating on the length of the input seems like a good idea ; it may not give an even distribution between all the candidates , but it simplifies the rest of the code ( no need for bounds checking ) .
For the rest of the matching process , the function find - best - split simply iterates over all the possible tests to find the one that leads to the most even split .
Note that an interesting property of strings is that random access takes constant time , so , faced with similar cases ( e.g. " foobaR " and " foobaZ " ) , it is obviously a good idea to discriminate on indices that actually differ ( the last one here ) , instead of fixing an arbitrary order ahead of time .
Once a single candidate is left , a last series of tests is still needed to make sure the candidate does match the input .
It would be simple to simply keep track of the indices that have n't been used to discriminate yet and emit the corresponding checks .
This would however lead to some code duplication for similar patterns , since most of the indices ( those for which the patterns are identical ) would not have been tested .
It is only slightly more complex to emit the tests as soon as all the candidates are identical on some indices , which will lead to much less repetition .
While it 's not very apparent in this case ( since the patterns are simply constant values ) , there 's a certain tension between not doing work twice ( by fully specialising code ) and controlling code size ( by executing common code as early as possible or by not fully specialising code , thus making it common ) .
On modern computers , there 's also the issue of branch prediction .
Completely balanced pattern matching code is practically the worst case possible : most branches are taken exactly 50 % of the time ( there is no ' right ' way to predict them ) .
One way to alleviate this problem is to coalesce tests together and only branch at the very end .
This reduces the number of branches , and thus the number of mispredictions .
However , it also pessimises the amount of computation needed , since there is no branch to abort early .
Again , there is a balance to be found to reduce the number of branches without overly increasing the amount of work .
In the string - case macro , it is achieved by coalescing equality tests by chunks of up to 4 indices ( via or of multiple xor before branching ) .
Another way to attack the problem is to use the probability of each case ( if they 're not uniform ) to produce an unbalanced search tree that gives a better expected runtime than a balanced one .
This can be pretty complex to achieve , though .
Pattern matchers are like the code - generation equivalent of dictionaries ( as in map , hash table , etc ) .
Dictionaries are obviously extremely important data structures in programming ; I feel that the usefulness of pattern matchers is often underestimated , especially by users of languages that do n't offer such functionalities built - in ( they instead end up writing simplistic code by hand ) .
Another point that is easily overlooked , even by people who already use pattern matching , is that , just like there are many ways to implement dictionaries ( e.g. trie VS hash table ) , each with their strengths and weaknesses , it is possible to implement pattern matching to take advantage of properties of the problem ( a typical pattern matcher for algebraic data types would not use random access to variable - length inputs ) .
This might be why I end up writing special - purpose pattern matchers much more often than most other programmers , and ( yet ) still have n't found a way to write a satisfying generic pattern matcher .
Pattern matching is your friend , use it !
P.S. Here are some URLs that might be useful to someone who want to implement a pattern matcher :
New Book Smell
Do you love the fresh scent of paper , ink , and glue ?
We sure do !
That ’s why we created New Book Smell in a can .
Regardless of whether you download your e-books from the Kindle Store or Project Gutenberg , New Book Smell will bring back those long lost memories of your favorite local bookstore .
With New Book
Smell your friends will never know that you ’re reading an e-book .
Suggest Retail Price : $ 28.99
Warning : Glue sniffing may lead to dizziness and other side effects .
Some customers may find this to be unpleasant .
Please consult your physician before using this product if you are using other medications .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Holt 's Election Reform Bill Edges Away From Disastrousness Prior to Introduction "
( 43 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/31/2009 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
Thank you for a cogent analysis that is readable , helpful , and informative .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Linda Sutton said on 3/31/2009 @ 5:59 pm PT ...
Thanks for providing such a clear reasoning for voting NO on this important bill .
The great majority who responded by e-mail in the Los Angeles chapter voted NO on HOLT .
We strongly oppose anything that cements the current computerized systems in place , and this one does .
While there have been notable changes , there MUST be MORE if we are ever to have a secure and transparent system that ensures votes are counted as cast .
At the moment , real people counting real paper ballots is the only certain way .
We can WAIT for as long as it takes for them to be tabulated .
###
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 3/31/2009 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Not the biggest issue with the bill by far but here 's a tidbit that 's rather out of place :
What is not denied is permitted ... and can even be required .
Otherwise why put this language in a bill that did need it before ? " ‘ ‘( III )
The voting system shall not preserve the voter - verified paper ballots in any manner that makes it possible , at any time after the ballot has been cast , to associate a voter with the record of the voter ’s vote without the voter ’s consent . "
Certainly not to deal with instances such as the preliminary announcement of the Franken votes in the Nauen 61 absentee ballots .
Of course such a notion leads to thoughts of the solution most often tendered for the intractable paradoxes of e-voting ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/31/2009 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
I do n't know why anyone is giving this a thought .
Holt has proven with this bill that he intends to keep easily accomplished election fraud legislated in .
The last time it could have been ignorance , but after all the input he 's already gotten , there is n't any doubt left .
I think my head is going to explode .
I ca n't even believe " Progressive " Democrats of America is even considering an endorsement .
OUR GOVERNMENT IS BROKEN AND OUR BRAINS HAVE BEEN FRIED BY STUPID RAYS FROM SPACE LIZARDS .
Where , oh , where is my ibuprofen ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/31/2009 @ 8:11 pm PT ...
heh , the Pugs will get their precious " voter fraud " IDs in there yet
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Howard S. said on 3/31/2009 @ 9:49 pm PT ...
Thanks Brad .
From reading this , I now understand why some folks claim that audits based on apparent vote margins do n't work because the margins may be fraudulent .
It 's because of the ineffective tiered percentage approach in the Holt bill ( 3 , 5 and 10 % audits based on apparent victory margins ) .
In this context , those who have been making the point that the apparent margins may be fake , are absolutely right !
However , no one who has seriously considered the problem of auditing elections has endorsed the tiered - percentage approach in this bill --- at least not for long .
In fact , for those who are interested , on Page 9 of this paper , we clearly showed how this approach can be beaten by shifting only a few votes between the tiers : " A tiered - audit requirement also is vulnerable to malicious shifting of vote margins into the part of each tier with the lowest power to detect miscounts ... Thus an attacker with some control of the voting system ( or by stuffing a traditional ballot box ) , could add or remove only a few votes so that the reported margin of victory becomes 1 % or slightly higher , thereby shifting the audit from the 10 % sample tier to the 5 % tier , cutting the sample size in half .... A similar opportunity exists near the margin of 2 % . "
The way to avoid this type of exploit is NOT to use percentage tiers !
The audit must always be large enough to find errors in the sample when the outcome is wrong .
That 's the whole point of a statistical audit .
Fortunately , through its ALTERNATIVE audit section , the Holt bill gives us an opportunity to grovel to ( i.e. , convince ) the powers that be in our states to use a better method than the discredited tiered percentage approach .
This is not perfect , but at least there may be some light at the end of the tunnel , assuming of course that the paper - ballot chain of custody problem can also be solved .
I also could n't help but notice Brad 's almost luke - warm non-endorsement of the bill this time around .
Talk about a sea change !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 3/31/2009 @ 10:59 pm PT ...
I 'm leaning heavily towards ' no ' based upon Brad 's great rundown of the bill 's pros and cons .
If its got a few major shortcomings , then those need to be fixed , even if it has lots of good things going for it .
There 's no point passing a bill with known major problems , especially on this issue .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... fusion said on 3/31/2009 @ 11:44 pm PT ...
There is a serious technical flaw with Holt ’s bill .
But there is a much more serious underlying problem .
First , the flaw .
Holt continues to prescribe a sampling process for ‘ audits ’ which has been , if I read the literature correctly , largely discredited .
[ Hat tip to Howard S. I had n't read his post .
the present piece lines up with his view , I believe .
We differ , in a way , mostly because I 'd eliminate the machines . ]
From the bill , ‘‘SEC .
322 . NUMBER OF BALLOTS COUNTED UNDER AUDIT https://bradblog.com/Doc...FIDENCE_FINAL_031809.pdf
If margin between highest - scoring two contestants is less than 1 % ; hand count at least 10 % of precincts .
If margin is greater than or equal to 1 % but less than 2 % ; hand count at least 5 % of precincts
If margin is equal to or greater than 2 % ; hand count at least 3 % of precincts
Now here is a quote from the report of the League of Women Voters Task Force on Audits .
Report on Election Auditing
http://www.lwv.org/Conte...eport_ElectionAudits.pdf
The number of units to audit should be a function of the margin of victory , the distribution of votes between audit units ( for example whether there are large and small audit units in the same race ) and the total number of audit units in the race .
Fixed percentage audits include insufficient audit units for the desired accuracy in small or close races and unnecessarily many audit units for landslide or large races .
( See - “ Statistics Can Help Ensure Accurate Elections . ”
AMSTAT NEWS , Copyright 2008 , American Statistical Association .
http://www.amstat.org/pu...fm?fuseaction=pres062007).
Tiered audits , in which a specific percentage of audit units are chosen based on the margin , represent an improvement over fixed audits , but are still not efficient statistically .
== =End quote
Now , excuse me : but on the surface this whole charade is just about funneling money into the pockets of incompetent manufacturers with dubious political ties .
Bad enough ; but the real trouble is that it strips the citizens of the right and capacity to oversee elections .
“ Germany 's highest court has ruled that the use of electronic voting in the last general election was unconstitutional ... push button voting was not transparent because the voter could not see what actually happened to his vote inside the computer and was required to place " blind faith " in the technology .
https://bradblog.com/?p=6961
The Holt bill imo is a net loss in its own field .
But , when all is said , it comes out here : “ We do n’t need no stinkin ’ machines !
Hand count paper ballots ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 1:35 am PT ...
So ... are folks buying Holt 's " I am your only chance of election reform legislation in Congress so it's my way or the highway " orchestration of a drumbeat of inevitability ...? ( again )
He seems to have gotten further this time and as Bev Harris has pointed out he 's going to keep at it until he gets his balance of powers modification ... or is stopped by legislative force majeure .
And " audits " et aL are window dressing for those damn bloggers and nondisclosure and BMD mandates are gifts to the corporations .
Nothing has really changed except the possibility of " change " is being held out .
Almost as if he 's playing up " hope "
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:08 am PT ...
... Howard S. said ...
" In fact , for those who are interested , on Page 9 of this paper , we clearly showed how this approach can be beaten by shifting only a few votes between the tiers " Adopting Kathy Dopp 's " audit " protocols is how Holt got Dopp et al on board with his bill originally .
From a strategic point of view this got Holt support by splitting off some very vocal EI advocates without compromising the true nature of the bill ... i.e. the balance of powers modification and the corporate mandates .
And when your research is brought up Doppp discounts it , saying that essentially you are wrong without explaining why ... except that somehow you do n't know what you 're talking about .
That 's not very politic of me to say and I can see where Brad 's trying to tone things down and encourage discussion instead of rancor ... but so far Dopp has n't proved amenable to discussing flaws in her protocols .
I 'd be glad to be proved wrong .
So ... how do you talk
Holt into changing what for him , in this one regard , is a win -win situation ?
The technical merits would seem to be irrelevant as long as Holt has some EI advocates he can point to on Capitol Hill .
What shocked me was VotersUnite conditional support of the bill ...
John Gideon ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 6:51 am PT ...
Not that my voice matters , but this bill sucks , it 's still electronically exploitable , the sensible changes ( eg. removal of all electronic tabulation devices nationally ) not expedited reasonably or effectively .
In short it 's a continuation of the abusive use of electronics in American elections , potentially bypassing the will of the people .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Sheri Myers said on 4/1/2009 @ 8:47 am PT ...
Brad ,
Thanks for the clear , helpful analysis .
I would like to weigh in a very loud and emphatic " No " to the Holt Bill ; making the EAC a permanent agency only ensures that mismanagement of our Democracy will continue into perpetuity .
Our very own SOS has urged the EAC to do their duty and report voting system vulnerabilites .
They wo n't .
These commissioners are put into place to make sure that the vendors continue to rule the day .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... James Brewster said on 4/1/2009 @ 11:26 am PT ...
As a new reader , I am curious …
If you have the power to influence this legislation , and you have done so , why is the bill still so bad ?
It seems like it would have been better for all your efforts .
I am confused by this , but appreciate your blog .
We all must focus on the best way to protect ourselves from the vote thieves - and their friends .
Thanks for the efforts .
Cheers !!
James B
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
James Brewster asked :
As a new reader , I am curious …
If you have the power to influence this legislation , and you have done so , why is the bill still so bad ?
It seems like it would have been better for all your efforts .
I am confused by this , but appreciate your blog .
Since you are new , and had n't been able to follow along on the history , here 's a very quick summary of my involvement ( and / or lack thereof ) in Holt 's legislation .
Much of this is documented , in extraordinary detail , in the indexed articles at https://bradblog.com/Holt which details the machinations and efforts during the 2007 fight over this same bill .
I was asked by Holt 's office to review several drafts of the 2007 version of the bill before it was introduced .
With each draft I sent back recommendations for improvement .
Some , but not all , of those recommendations made it into the version as introduced in ' 07 .
While suggested language additions / redactions of mine were included throughout , the most noteworthy might have been in the hardware / software disclosure sections ( requiring full disclosure of all , to any member of the public ) in the 2007 version as introduced .
Those provisions were drastically rewritten and gutted , as influenced by the software lobby , while that version of the bill was in committee .
Even before then , however , I had strongly objected to certain other provisions in the bill ( including its allowance for unlimited use of unverifiable DRE voting systems ) quite loudly , and lobbied for a ban on such equipment , along with many others who joined that fight .
During that fight , and my subsequent coverage of exceedingly misleading statements about what that version of the bill would and would n't do ( by both Holt 's office and others who supported the bill ) , I was eventually " cut off " from all communications with the office by the woman in charge of writing it on Holt 's behalf , and who had once invited me to help with drafts of the legislation .
Her communication embargo with me continues to this day , though she has reopened communications with others who were in opposition to the bill previously ( which I never actually was , though I did point out its shortcomings and offer ways that it needed to be improved ) who she had similar embargoed after they had out and out opposed her bill .
Some of those folks have been able to carry some of my concerns about the bill to her , and , in turn , the change to the opening section , concerning voters right to a pre-printed , hand - marked paper ballot was added .
I 've since been promised more information on additional concerns from Holt 's office , though they have not yet fulfilled that promise .
So my ability to affect positive change for the legislation is limited inasmuch as my lack of ability / invitation to work with Holt 's office at this time .
Though a good argument , a means by which to share that argument publicly ( on this blog for example , and elsewhere ) , and the ability for such good arguments to affect others ' support ( or lack thereof ) for the bill can still , hopefully have a positive effect on the legislation .
At least in a limited manner .
That 's how we 've gotten here , and that 's what I am able to offer to hopeful improvements in the legislation .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 12:44 pm PT ...
... James Brewster asked ...
" As a new reader , I am curious …
If you have the power to influence this legislation , and you have done so , why is the bill still so bad ? "
What influence the election integrity community may have is as a variegated collection of concerned citizens .
We do n't have the inside - the - beltway support of folks who think centralized control of elections will be the cats meow and will solve all problems ... and we do n't have the multimillion dollar support of the corporate lobbyists who have been promised continued control of our elections .
All we have is just us As for the slow progress of the bill ?
Well , we stand between Holt and his hobbyhorse of " fixing " the balance of powers " question " and we are not his primary constituents in this matter ... we are not the corporations .
But if you think it 's bad now you ought to review a few of the even worse twists this legislation has taken .
https://bradblog.com/?cat=218
Progress has been made but as long as the actual purpose of the bill is to perpetuate HAVA 's intrusion into the balance of powers between state and federal control of elections then that will inevitably distort everything involved with the bill .
That part 's definitely the frickin' - A huge elephant in the center of the room .
And as unconscionable corporate giveaways comprise another major portion of the bill ... ... well then you wind up with actual election reform coming off a poor third .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 1:28 pm PT ...
Well , Brad , that is the classic way these people get sensible people to forsake their morals and go along with their crappy , fascist - friendly legislative efforts .
So --- WHAT ? --- you never actually were opposed to that piece of crap ?
Or just you feel it would stand you in good stead with Holt 's office or the people supposed to be on our side who are leaning in support of it ?
My point here , really , is only that you should beware of the urges to moderate your behavior .
On the one hand , they help keep you in the game , but on the other they keep the game the game .
My brilliant and indisputable opinion is that Holt is actively trying to keep a mechanism for election fraud in a bill that purports to reform it , and that the PDA have lost their minds .
It would be relatively easy to make this bill perfect , and it 's very clear there is no intent to do that .
So , in your effort to seem amenable to discussions with these maniacs , PLEASE , keep that in mind .
Too many activists are duped by " access and input " --- even though futile --- into going away happy even as they have completely failed .
I will have to kill you if you succumb to that ninny - ass malarky .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... John Russell said on 4/1/2009 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
Please review the Election Reform Document compiled in 2007 during my 2006 election contests
http://www.johnrussellfo...s.com/page.asp?PageId=68
Having been involved in this voting mechanics issue for sometime now and having observed the shenanigans that have occurred around the world w/ electronic voting ...
I have since become a fervent advocate for HANDCOUNTING at the precinct level ELIMINATING electronic voting machines central tabulators entirely .
This REPRESENTS MAJOR CHANGE FROM 2007 !
Why the complicated audit triggers ?
It is nonsense !
RANDOM audits of 10 % of precincts selected AFTER the close of polling by pulling numbered cards out of a hat in each county in America would circumvent much of the criminal behavior by putting large uncertainty into the mix when using optical scan SECRET vote counting apparatus !
The political drive by Holt et al to preserve the potential for " configuring " election results must be exposed for what it is and NOT tolerated !
There is much more to this issue than merely machines .
E.G. , Try registering as a Democrat in Florida and then winding up either NEVER being registered or receiving your voter registration card and finding that your registered as a ...
REPUBLICAN ?
A VERY common occurance !
John Russell
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:13 pm PT ...
... Agent 99 said ...
I will have to kill you if you succumb to that ninny - ass malarky .
Let 's not kill Brad .
Let 's kill HAVA instead .
My theoretical version of Holt 's bill would start off as follows : 111TH CONGRESS
1ST SESSION
To amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require a voter - marked permanent paper ballot , and for other purposes .
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. ????
introduced the following bill ; which was referred to the Committee
on ????????
A BILL
To amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require a voter - marked permanent paper ballot , and for other purposes .
( a ) IN GENERAL .
— The Help America Vote Act of 2002 ( 42 U.S.C. 15481( a ) ( 2 ) ) is hereby amended by striking everything after ‘‘ An Act ’ and adding the following : " Boy did we screw up .
We cost the American Taxpayer billions of dollars that were wasted on the purchase and maintenance of proprietary , insecure and unreliable election equipment and we also created a de facto permanent Federal agency in the form of the Election Assistance Commission which has failed in every last one of its mandated duties and which agency instead has acquired a remarkable track record of corruption , misfeasance , malfeasance and outright fraud .
America , we are very sorry . "
Then we'd get down to the actual business of much - needed electoral reform .
Whaddya think of the chances ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
99 asks :
Where , oh , where is my ibuprofen ?
Perhaps something stronger ...?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:34 pm PT ...
With the obstacle that is HAVA removed ... and following the recommendations of Tobi and Harris in parting out the HAVA legacy issues among the relevant , already - existent and quite constitutional government agencies that already existed to deal with those issues ...
I 've been working along the lines of basing the rest of my hypothetical bill on the Voting Rights Act as Holt 's bill was based on HAVA .
I 'm still picking apart the ramifications of Holt 's latest ( and still owe Brad an article ) but does that idea ring a bell with you legal types ... especially alarm bells ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
99 said : Well , Brad , that is the classic way these people get sensible people to forsake their morals and go along with their crappy , fascist - friendly legislative efforts .
Perhaps .
But it has n't done any good here towards that end , your foolish inference to the contrary not withstanding .
So --- WHAT ? --- you never actually were opposed to that piece of crap ?
Or just you feel it would stand you in good stead with Holt 's office or the people supposed to be on our side who are leaning in support of it ?
I had no official position either in support or opposition to it .
I do n't think having such a position , on my part , actually matters , wherein trying to improve the bill actually might matter ( on the premise that it could be passed into law , whether you or I may like it or not . )
As to your silly assertion that I was hoping to remain in good stead with Holt 's office , or with supporters of the bill , if that was my evil genius plan , it did n't much work , did it ?
Then , as now , my hope is / was to help bring necessary reforms in any way that I can .
If I piss off folks who do n't agree with me ( as certainly happened , in spades , in the last go round ) , so be it .
I 'll stand up for what I believe is right .
Period .
And what supports the " mission " of the Creekside Declaration : " To encourage citizen ownership of transparent , participatory democracy . "
My point here , really , is only that you should beware of the urges to moderate your behavior .
On the one hand , they help keep you in the game , but on the other they keep the game the game .
My " urges " are only to do what may best affect my " mission " as noted above .
That is the only thing I 'm interested in .
Period .
If you feel that is some sort of inappropriate " moderation " , well , you are welcome to blog that opinion to your hearts content here
That has no relationship as to whether you are correct or not .
My brilliant and indisputable opinion is that Holt is actively trying to keep a mechanism for election fraud in a bill that purports to reform it I have seen no evidence for that claim .
If you have evidence , I 'm sure you 'll share it .
I 'd have no problem agreeing that he 's guilty to any number of other " sins " in regard to this legislation ( " sins " which I wo n't bother to list here , but which are no stranger to the bulk of D.C. politicians , particularly Democratic ones ) , but have seen nothing to even suggest he 's interested in " trying to keep a mechanism for election fraud " .
It would be relatively easy to make this bill perfect , and it 's very clear there is no intent to do that .
It would be very easy to write it perfectly .
That has nothing to do with how easy it would be ( or , in this case , would n't be ) to have such a bill then see the light of day , in any committee at all , much less reach the floor of the House for a vote towards possible passage .
Too many activists are duped by " access and input " --- even though futile --- into going away happy even as they have completely failed .
I am duped by nothing , dear .
And , frankly , even if this far - from - perfect , and in many ways deeply - inadequate bill were to pass today , as it's currently written , I would see it in NO WAY as a " complete failure " .
None of that having anything to do with your imagined bugaboos of either " input " or " access " ( which , it seems , you 've grossly overestimated in your mind . )
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
... Lora said ... 99 asked :
Where , oh , where is my ibuprofen ?
Perhaps something stronger ...?
One ounce ReaLemon juice , one ounce ReaLime juice , one ounce tequila and three ounces of Jero margarita mix .
Salt the rim of a glass tumbler with coarse sea salt and pour the ingredients over crushed ice .
Sip and then bite into a large salt - and - vinegar potato chip
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 2:50 pm PT ...
zap , I certainly do n't want to kill Brad , and your alternative sounds good to me .
Lora , amen to that !
I 've been wailing for the advent of heroin patches for us needle - sissies who would like a break from the horror .
Of course , that risks ceasing to find the horror horrible , like the masses glued to their TVs , so ... well ... I do n't know .
Maybe just a drap of opium goo on our now outrageously expensive cigarettes would be the solution .
I was keeping it together until I started listening to the PDA conference call , and between the horrifying din and the horrifying content , whoa !
I cannot describe the size , extent , shape and sharpness of the headache !
No kidding .
I was cancelled out by it .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:02 pm PT ...
Brad , it was merely a warning to be cautious and not an accusation .
But , er , having no position on it ?
My evidence re Holt 's intent ?
Res ipsa loquitur .
Peal back all of the layers and look at the thing itself , after all of the input he got the last time around , the production of this bill is prima facie evidence that he intends to keep it fascist - friendly , no matter what his excuse for it is , even if he or anyone else believes it , even if it is agreed that in this world , in our politics , it might be the best achievable .
The point is n't about getting more reasonable - looking election fraud .
It 's purely about getting our votes back .
Now .
Not years from now .
Now .
I 've warned everyone before how activism turns into industry .
This is the way it happens .
Whatever your reasons for having no position on the bill , it is , once one parts the clouds , completely not good enough , no matter how many good provisions it throws in , only for all of them to be defeated by the bad .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:11 pm PT ...
Maybe I should add that most plutocrats and most legislators , even at the local level , understand about this means of industrializing activism ... neutralizing it enough while still feeding it until it is too late .
The activists themselves , generally , do n't understand it until it is too late .
And , yes , sometimes it is so second - nature to legislators that they do n't even consciously realize how pernicious it is , but they do it , and are responsible for it .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
Until the bill outlaws electronic vote tabulation devices it's a corrupt bill by the same corrupt sources and nothing else ( including any volunteer work to try to fix it ) matters in the end game .
" Oh see this nice shiny thing over here we fixed ? "
" And we fixed that one too ! "
Is n't the answer to the ROOT of the problem .
Electronic signals are invisible , and can not be validated , therefore all electronic vote tabulation ( counting ) devices must be outlawed .
This is going to piss off electronic voting machine tabulation device manufacturers , but they could have made a BMD instead of a tabulator .
This should be ( but currently is n't ) the crux of the bill , with the deceptive , sideshow , shiny objects , being audited , validated before being tagged on to anything .
1 . Outlaw all electronic vote tabulation devices .
And all electronic pollbooks !
2 . Create a BMD that is simple auditable .
For example : A joystick a camera , zomm lens and a Pen would be more auditable than a shiny box with steel covers .
So would a non networked , 286 with Dos and Word Perfect !
What 's that ?
Your setup disk has the michael angelo virus ?
You could have a switch connected to a lightbulb , and either hear the vote , or watch the vote and push the button choice on a video .
only video the button being pushed with the light glowing for transparency .
You going to tell me in all of Holt 's friends there is n't one leader who can find an inventor with an idea that does n't use electronic tabulation devices .
There 's the problem .
And yeah you might laugh about all the stupid ideas I just provided .
The fact remains
The Vision being put forth from known and unknown sources is CORRUPT and does n't work correctly , openly , or honestly .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
Agent 99 this is CONTROL .
Use emergency argument 3.14159 ( c ) as follows : Just as the worst of the election problems we 've faced since 2000 were spawned at the federal level via HAVA , and , As the greatest advances in electoral reform that were achieved in that period were attained through efforts at the local , state , and academic levels , and , As the period of greatest improvement in the Holt bill was initiated while Brad was non persona grata , then ...?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
Oh , pfeh , Brad just is crabby about his sainthood being impeded by obtuse Holt staffers , and touchy about solidarity seeming too much like food for detractors .
Its greatest improvement was clearly a threat to its intent and so Brad was cut out , and those less effective invited back in ... further proof that Holt 's intent is not benign .
I 'm trying to drag everyone 's minds out of the quagmire always introduced when greed must cope with altruism , so that effectiveness might yet be wrested from the glue pit we 're made to swim in these situations .
Doug Hofstadter called it " jumping out of the system " , raising one 's POV out of the mess , out of the box , and seeing if it cannot be resolved from that higher plane .
Phil seems to get it .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
off to the courts to fix the count again ... and again , and again ...?
( were we doing one of those story things ? )
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:36 pm PT ...
99 said @ 24 : after all of the input he got the last time around , the production of this bill is prima facie evidence that he intends to keep it fascist - friendly If by " fascist - friendly " you mean friendly to corporations who make money off of elections , I 'd not disagree with you in the slightest .
But that 's a far cry from your " brilliant and indisputable opinion " offered above that " Holt is actively trying to keep a mechanism for election fraud in [ the ] bill " .
The point is n't about getting more reasonable - looking election fraud .
It 's purely about getting our votes back .
Now .
Not years from now .
Now .
Well , sorry .
That 's not how legislation in a ( supposedly ) representative democracy works .
With Holt 's bill , as it's currently written ( and , frankly , you ought to be careful about pushing me into a corner where I 'm forced to defend the bill ) it would , in fact , go a long way towards " getting our votes back " by requiring that virtually every vote is cast on a transparent , hand - marked paper ballot , reliably reflecting the voters ' intent .
What you , me , we , they , everybody else does with that thereafter will be up to you , me , we , they , etc .
The last version of the bill took AWAY such transparency .
The current version of the bill , as written for the moment , arguably adds transparency , at least on the actual VOTING requirements of the bill .
The question remains , however , do the tradeoffs with the rest of the inadequecies still in the bill do ultimately more harm than good over all ?
As it 's currently written , I 'm not sure that it does ( while previously versions certainly did ! )
If you , or anybody else , wishes to make the case that the bill does do more harm than good , of course , I 'm open to your reasoning as to why , which is just one of the reasons why I 've posted this item in the first place .
I 've warned everyone before how activism turns into industry .
This is the way it happens .
Well , thanks for that reminder .
If I 'm ever personally able to become an " industry " ( one presumes there is money to be made from an industry , as opposed to money LOST because I 'm my efforts on this particular beat ) , I 'll keep that in mind .
I 'm well familiar with the activism " industry " , and believe I 've proven myself more than willing to call such industrialists out when warranted ( just ask the activist industrialists at PFAW and Common Cause and many others , following 2007 's imbroglio over the Holt bill ) .
Whatever your reasons for having no position on the bill , it is , once one parts the clouds , completely not good enough , no matter how many good provisions it throws in , only for all of them to be defeated by the bad .
As mentioned , I 'm not currently convinced that those " good provisions " will be " defeated by the bad " .
You are welcome to try and convince me of that , of course .
But shooting at ME , with some imaginary bullets concerning selling out to an " activism industry " or in hopes of remaining " in good stead " with someone on Capitol Hill or elsewhere is silly , baseless , and a waste of both your and my time , frankly .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Oh , Brad , get over yourself !
I 'm not shooting at you .
You 're shooting at me .
That is NOT how a representative democracy works .
That is how our broken government works .
Big difference .
Join me and zap and Lora in our tequila happy hour and opium - laced cigarettes .
Sheesh .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Outlaw electronic tabulation devices Now .
Not years from now .
Now .
( hope you do n't mind my re-mix )
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
Yeah I am not shooting at you either brad .
I applaud your volunteer efforts , and I am greatful for the whole update .
It do n't change the fact that I think the whole bill stinks without the # 1 change that should be in there ... outlaw all electronic vote tabulation devices
If I had the honor to help edit the bill we would be discussing that first .
If democracy do n't work that way then it do n't work .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
Phil @ 26 said :
Until the bill outlaws electronic vote tabulation devices it's a corrupt bill by the same corrupt sources and nothing else ( including any volunteer work to try to fix it ) matters in the end game .
While I 'll neither defend nor enjoin the asserted " corruptness " of the " sources " of the bill , I 'll just add here that the bill does not " outlaw electronic vote tabulation devices " because that 's not the purpose of the bill .
It takes no stance on that particular point .
Criticizing it on that basis , would be somewhat akin to criticizing the stimulus bill because it also failed to " outlaw electronic vote tabulation devices " .
I can speak in more detail to the notion of outlawing such devices at another time ( even as I agree they should be outlawed ) , but there is much work to be done by activists who'd like to see such an outlaw , beginning with work on the local level to build the case that hand - counting , in many different jurisdictions , with many different types of ballots , is the most effective and reliable way to count ballots .
Using the same " trust us , it 'll work great ! " arguments foisted upon us by the e-voting industry does n't cut it , in my opinion .
That 's just one of the reasons I 've gone on record , on video tape and in print , asking both OH SoS Jennifer Brunner and L.A. Country Registrar Dean Logan whether they'd be willing to do hand - count pilot projects .
Neither of them were against the idea .
So where are the activists in their offices working with election officials to carry out such pilot programs to build beyond - trust - us data that hand - counting is the best way to go ?
We 've got a Special Election coming up in May here in CA .
It 'll likely be a very short ballot , and very sparsely voted .
Seems like an ideal moment for YOU Phil ( and others reading along in CA ) to get into your Registrar 's office and begin working out a plan for such a pilot program NOW to help make your case !
I can't do everything here , people !
Want your democracy back ?
Please GO GET IT BACK !
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
... Brad Friedman said ...
" So where are the activists in their offices working with election officials to carry out such pilot programs to build beyond - trust - us data that hand - counting is the best way to go ? "
I think that the datum to look for there is if a standard double count on election night ( two consecutive counts of each set of ballots by two separate sets of individuals , repeat until matched , and with multi-party spot checks and oversight ) is an acceptable substitute for " audits " .
If so , then can the money that would have been dispensed under Holt 's bill for electronic tabulation certification and " audits " cover the cost of the switch to hand counts ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/1/2009 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
I 'll bite one last time ..
You start the questions like this .
1 . Does this model tabulate ?
( e.g. count ) y/ N= ? if yes then it 's outlawed and paper is used instead .
if no then 2 .
Is all software and hardware open to public inspection from the manufacture 's doping of the chips all the way to the line of source code .
if no then it 's outlawed and paper is used instead if yes
Randomly do destructive reverse engineering .
Control the use of device to only voters who need it .
3 . Does the ballot marker print perfectly ?
if no then it 's outlawed and paper is used instead if yes ..
Randomly do destructive reverse engineering .
Control the use of device to only voters who need it .
4 . Does the device network ?
y/ N= ? if yes , it 's outlawed if no
Randomly do destructive reverse engineering .
Control the use of device to only voters who need it .
We can keep it going like this until the bill is simplified , and we have gone through every model and idea for every electronic device that will be allowed .
No , delays .
If yours is outlawed that 's it , your done .
None of this oh , in 2022 is when we stop using them nonsense .
I do n't have the energy to do this fight .
It 's only an idea .
A group with common sense , power and physical energy is welcome to take my idea and do it .
Personally , I do n't know any senators out here .
They probably all hate me , and I do n't never bring them gifts .
That would be a great way to get such a bill going if they do n't hate you .
Maybe Kucinich ?
Maybe Ron Paul ?
I do n't know they 're not my reps .
Sure as hell I watch what 's happened to my country since these machines arrived .
The whole thing is now a series of games being played on us .
Simplify their lies in on bust their ass bill , make the dangerous parts of all these piddly bills like the Holt bill irrelevant .
It would simplify what they even are allowed to discuss , or fund .
example :
" You ca n't use those , so next issue .
Remember everyone , no DRE's , no Scanners , no Networks , no Memory cards , " Wiping out abusive , and dangerous choices of hardware , software , firmware , memory cards , and network all in one .
Besides HOLT is where the bill came from so by proxy HOLT would be one corrupt source !
And he 's not my rep , not in California , which means he has to be faxed to be even contacted .
I do n't have the energy or the power to put up or shut up .
I do n't endorse Holt 's bill .
He got me to endorse one once .
I learned my lesson on that shit .
I support no more bills , without the specific language dealing outlawing all electronic vote tabulation devices .
I end this as I began .
Not that my voice matters .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
Zapkitty @ 35 said : I think that the datum to look for there is if a standard double count on election night ( two consecutive counts of each set of ballots by two separate sets of individuals , repeat until matched , and with multi-party spot checks and oversight ) is an acceptable substitute for " audits " .
Sounds good to me .
Waiting for the hand - count supporters across the country to step up and start collecting that datum !
If so , then can the money that would have been dispensed under Holt 's bill for electronic tabulation certification and " audits " cover the cost of the switch to hand counts ?
Also sounds good to me !
And , given the way the audit provisions are written ( and allow for states to offer better protocols ) , I 'd think it'd be easy to pull off .
But again , we need that data !
So HCPB activists need to get to work !
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/1/2009 @ 5:23 pm PT ...
I 'll bring the chips !
Hell , I 'll bring the tequila , too !
I 'll make Linden flower tea , too ... I 'm told that 's what the Cubans drink when the hurricane 's about to hit .
I 've had a few hurricane - type things hit this year , so far , and I can attest to the relaxing power of this tea .
As far as Holt goes , it wo n't give us fair elections .
That 's my problem with it and all the rest .
So , time to lift the glass .
Here 's to soothing the beaten brains .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/1/2009 @ 5:33 pm PT ...
Phil , whose voice matters unless he keeps insisting that it does n't , said : 1 . Does this model tabulate ?
( e.g. count ) y/N= ?
if yes then it 's outlawed and paper is used instead .
The answer is that the current Holt bill requires paper for ALL ballots .
( At least as of 2016 ) .
How that paper is counted , is a different matter , not addressed by Holt , other than to say it cannot be counted on the same device which may be used to assist in the marking of such ballots .
2 . Is all software and hardware open to public inspection from the manufacture 's doping of the chips all the way to the line of source code .
if no then it 's outlawed and paper is used instead The answer is NO .
But the solution is not exactly accurate .
" Paper is used " in all instances ( after 2016 ) for casting the ballot .
The question you are discussing is how it 's COUNTED , which is a different question , not addressed by the bill ( other than as mentioned above , and in that it allows for counting by either computer device or by hand ) .
You other questions / suggestions are answered , I believe , in either my original article above , or the bill itself .
I do n't have the energy to do this fight ... Personally , I do n't know any senators out here .
You do n't need to " know any senators " to walk into your local registrars office and begin the conversation about how to launch a pilot program for non-computerized hand - counting .
I 'm sure there are others in Sacramento who would also be happy to work with you in working with the Registrar if you do n't have the energy to lead the project yourself .
As to your suggestion of outlawing all known electronic vote - counting devices , without having any structure in place to replace them , it 's my opinion that the result would be a ) chaos and b ) the eventual OUTLAWING of hand - counting entirely , following a well - coordinated jamming procedure of same , as carried out by opponents thereof .
Ducks must be in order before they can be floated , in my opinion .
Otherwise , all you end up with is dead ducks .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
So where are the activists in their offices working with election officials to carry out such pilot programs to build beyond - trust - us data that hand - counting is the best way to go ?
I 'm gonna go out on a limb here and state that a great many of them have succumbed to the soporific of " change we can believe in " ....
Way too many people think we do n't have anything left to worry about in the matter of our elections because Obama overcame either their ability to , or their inclination to , game the presidential election ... not realizing how deadly the gaming of little elections can / will be .
The outcome last November was a bad setback for election integrity advocates , and I do n't think for a minute this did n't factor into the decision /s made by those who resort to election fraud .
It seems pretty clear to me that both major parties are happiest with letting the big boyz do the deciding , preferring that we only think we 've elected their choice , but wishing for it to be easier ... and very close to , or already having , complete control over how much easier they can make it .
It 's about all over but the shouting and if the shouters knuckle under and support not - good - enough , hoping for room to get better , I think even the shouting will be over .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 6:28 pm PT ...
But hand counted is not a " movement " yet , although it will be .
It 's more of a growing realization among people concurrent with the realization that they 're not alone in seeing this solution as an .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/1/2009 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
( continued )
But hand counted is not a " movement " yet , although it will be .
It 's more of a growing realization among people concurrent with the realization that they 're not alone in seeing this as a solution .
Now 99's comment # 40 posted in the meantime : I 'd disagree a bit .
It seems to me that there 's actually quite a bit more of them than there were before .
They just have n't coalesced yet ... and the standard EI suspects do n't seem to be offering a dedicated workspace for it either , although I could be mistaken .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2009 @ 6:49 pm PT ...
From HaskellWiki
Handling Binary Data with Haskell
Many programming problems call for the use of binary formats for compactness , ease - of - use , compatibility or speed .
This page quickly covers some common libraries for handling binary data in Haskell .
Bytestrings
Everything else in this tutorial will be based on bytestrings .
Normal Haskell String types are linked lists of 32 - bit characters .
This has a number of useful properties like coverage of the Unicode space and laziness , however when it comes to dealing with bytewise data , String involves a space - inflation of about 24 x and a large reduction in speed .
Bytestrings are packed arrays of bytes or 8 - bit chars .
If you have experience in C , their memory representation would be the same as a uint8_t [ ]
— although bytestrings know their length and do n't allow overflows , etc .
There are two major flavours of bytestrings : strict and lazy .
Strict bytestrings are exactly what you would expect — a linear array of bytes in memory .
Lazy bytestrings are a list of strict bytestrings ; often this is called a cord in other languages .
When reading a lazy bytestring from a file , the data will be read chunk by chunk and the file can be larger than the size of memory .
The default chunk size is currently 32 K .
Within each flavour of bytestring comes the Word8 and Char8 versions .
These are mostly an aid to the type system since they are fundamentally the same size of element .
The Word8 unpacks as a list of Word8 elements ( bytes ) , the Char8 unpacks as a list of Char , which may be useful if you want to convert them to Strings .
You might want to open the documentation for strict bytestrings and lazy bytestrings in another tab so that you can follow along .
Simple file IO
Here 's a very simple program which copies a file from standard input to standard output
module Main where import qualified Data .
ByteString as B main :: IO ( ) main = do contents <- B . getContents B . putStr contents
Note that we are using strict bytestrings here .
( It 's quite common to import the ByteString module under the names B or BS . )
Since the bytestrings are strict , the code will read the whole of stdin into memory and then write it out .
If the input was too large this would overflow the available memory and fail .
Let 's see the same program using lazy bytestrings .
We are just changing the imported ByteString module to be the lazy one and calling the exact same functions from the new module :
module Main where import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Lazy as BL main :: IO ( ) main = do contents <- BL .
getContents BL .
putStr contents
This code , because of the lazy bytestrings , will cope with any sized input and will start producing output before all the input has been read .
You can think of the code as setting up a pipeline , rather than executing in - order , as you might expect .
As putStr needs more data , it will cause the lazy bytestring contents to read more until the end of the input is found .
You should review the documentation which lists all the functions which operate on ByteStrings .
The documentation for the various types ( lazy Word8 , strict Char8 , ... ) are all very similar .
You generally find the same functions in each , with the same names .
Remember to import the modules as qualified and give them different names .
The guts of ByteStrings
I 'll just mention in passing that sometimes you need to do something which would endanger the referential transparency of ByteStrings .
Generally you only need to do this when using the FFI to interface with C libraries .
Should such a need arise , you can have a look at the internal functions and the unsafe functions .
Remember that the last set of functions are called unsafe for a reason — misuse can crash your program !
Binary parsing
Once you have your data as a bytestring you 'll be wanting to parse something from it .
Here you need to install the binary package .
You should read the instructions on how to install a Cabal package if you have n't done so already .
The binary package has three major parts : the Get monad , the Put monad and a general serialisation for Haskell types .
The latter is like the pickle module that you may know from Python — it has its own serialisation format and I wo n't be covering it any more here .
However , if you just need to persist some Haskell data structures , it might be exactly what you want : the documentation is here
The Get monad
The Get monad is a state monad ; it keeps some state and each action updates that state .
The state in this case is an offset into the bytestring which is getting parsed .
Get parses lazy bytestrings ; this is how packages like tar can parse files several gigabytes long in constant memory : they are using a pipeline of lazy bytestrings .
However , this also has a downside .
When parsing a lazy bytestring a parse failure ( such as running off the end of the bytestring ) is signified by an exception .
Exceptions can only be caught in the IO monad and , because of laziness , might not be thrown exactly where you expect .
If this is a problem , you probably want a strict version of Get , which is covered below .
Here 's an example of using the Get monad :
import qualified Data.
ByteString .
Lazy as BL import Data .
Binary .
Get import Data .
Word deserialiseHeader :: Get ( Word32 , Word32 , Word32 ) deserialiseHeader = do alen <- getWord32be plen <- getWord32be chksum <- get Word32be return ( alen , plen , chksum ) main :: IO ( ) main = do input <- BL .
getContents print $ runGet deserialiseHeader input
This code takes three big-endian , 32 - bit unsigned numbers from the input string and returns them as a tuple .
Let 's try running it :
% runhaskell /tmp/example.hs << EOF heredoc > 123412341235 heredoc > EOF ( 825373492,825373492,825373493 )
Makes sense , right ?
Look what happens if the input is too short :
% runhaskell /tmp/example.hs << EOF tooshort EOF ( 1953460083,1752134260 , example.hs : too few bytes .
Failed reading at byte position 12
Here an exception was thrown because we ran out of bytes .
So the Get monad consists of a set of operations like getWord32be which walk over the input and return some type of data .
You can see the full list of those functions in the documentation .
Here 's another example ; decoding an EOF - terminated list of numbers just involves recursion :
listOfWord16 = do empty <- is Empty if empty then return [ ] else do v <- getWord64be rest <- listOfWord16 return ( v : rest )
Strict Get monad
If you 're parsing small messages then , firstly your input is n't going to be a lazy bytestring but a strict one .
That 's not reallly a problem because you can easilly convert between them .
However , if you want to handle parse failures you either have to write your parser very carefully , or you have to deal with the fact that you can only catch exceptions in the IO monad .
If this is your dilemma , then you need a strict version of the Get monad .
It 's almost exactly the same , but a parser of type Get a results in ( Either String a , ByteString ) as the result of runGet .
That type is a tuple where the first value is either a string ( an error string from the parse ) or the result , and the second value is the remaining bytestring when the parser finished .
Let 's update the first example with this strict version of Get .
You 'll have to install the binary - strict package for it to work .
import qualified Data .
ByteString as B import Data .
Binary .
Strict .
Get import Data .
Word deserialiseHeader :: Get ( Word32 , Word32 , Word32 ) deserialiseHeader = do alen <- getWord32be plen <- getWord32be chksum <- get Word32be return ( alen , plen , chksum ) main :: IO ( ) main = do input <- B . getContents print $ runGet deserialiseHeader input
Note that all we 've done is change from lazy bytestrings to strict bytestrings and change to importing Data .
Binary .
Strict .
Get .
Now we 'll run it again :
% runhaskell /tmp/example.hs << EOF heredoc > 123412341235 heredoc >
EOF ( Right ( 825373492,825373492,825373493 ) , "
" )
Now we can see that the parser was successful ( we got a Right ) and we can see that our shell actually added an extra newline on the input ( correctly ) and the parser did n't consume that , so it 's also returned to us .
Now we try it with a truncated input :
% runhaskell /tmp/example.hs << EOF heredoc > tooshort heredoc > EOF
( Left " too few bytes " , "
" )
This time we did n't get an exception , but a Left value , which can be handled in pure code .
The remaining bytestring is the same because our truncated input is 9 bytes long , parsing the first two Word32 's consumed 8 bytes and parsing the third failed — at which point we had the last byte still in the input .
In your parser , you can also call fail , with an error string , which will result in a Left value .
That 's it ; it 's otherwise the same as the Get monad .
Incremental parsing
If you have to deal with a protocol which is n't length prefixed , or otherwise chunkable , from the network then you are faced with the problem of knowing when you have enough data to parse something semantically useful .
You could run a strict
Get over what you have and catch the truncation result , but that means that you 're parsing the data multiple times etc .
Instead , you can use an incremental parser .
There 's an incremental version of the Get monad in Data .
Binary .
Strict .
IncrementalGet ( you 'll need the binary - strict package ) .
You use it as normal , but rather than returning an Either value , you get a Result .
You need to go follow that link and look at the documentation for Result .
It reflects the three outcomes of parsing possibly truncated data .
Either the data is invalid as is , or it 's complete , or it 's truncated .
In the truncated case you are given a function ( called a continuation ) , to which you can pass more data , when you get it , and continue the parse .
The continuation , again , returns a Result depending on the result of parsing the additional data as well .
Bit twiddling
Even with all this monadic goodness , sometimes you just need to move some bits around .
That 's perfectly possible in Haskell too .
Just import Data .
Bits and use the following table .
Name C operator Haskell AND & .&. OR | .|. XOR ^ ` xor ` NOT ~ ` complement ` Left shift << ` shiftL ` Right shift >> ` shiftR `
The BitGet monad
As an alternative to bit twiddling , you can also use the BitGet monad .
This is another state - like monad , like Get , but here the state includes the current bit - offset in the input .
This means that you can easily pull out unaligned data .
Sadly , haddock is currently breaking when trying to generate the documentation for BitGet so I 'll start with an example .
Again , you 'll need the binary - strict package installed .
Here 's a description of the header of a DNS packet , direct from RFC 1035 :
1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+ | ID | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
|QR| Opcode |AA|TC|RD|RA|
Z | RCODE | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
| QDCOUNT | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
| ANCOUNT | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
| NSCOUNT | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
| ARCOUNT | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
The actual fields do n't matter , but here 's a function for parsing it :
parseHeader :: G . Get Header parseHeader = do id <- G . get Word16be flags <- G . getByteString 2 qdcount <- fmap fromIntegral G . get Word16be ancount <- fmap fromIntegral G . get Word16be nscount <- fmap fromIntegral G . get Word16be arcount <- fmap fromIntegral G . get Word16be let r = BG .
runBitGet flags ( do isquery <- BG .
get Bit opcode <- BG .
getAsWord8 4 >>= parseEnum aa <- BG . get Bit tc <- BG .
get Bit rd <- BG .
get Bit ra <- BG . get Bit BG .
getAsWord8 3 rcode <- BG . getAsWord8 4 >>= parseEnum return $ Header id isquery opcode aa tc rd ra rcode qdcount ancount nscount arcount ) case r of Left error -> fail error Right x -> return x
Here you can see that only the second line ( from the ASCII - art diagram ) is parsed using BitGet .
An outer Get monad is used for everything else and the bit fields are pulled out with getByteString .
Again , BitGet is a strict monad and returns an Either , but it does n't return the remaining bytestring , just because there 's no obvious way to represent a bytestring of a fractional number of bytes .
You can see the list of BitGet functions and their comments in the source code .
Binary generation
In contrast to parsing binary data , you might want to generate it .
This is the job of the Put monad .
Follow along with the documentation if you like .
The Put monad is another state - like monad , but the state is an offset into a series of buffers where the generated data is placed .
All the buffer creation and handling is done for you , so you can just forget about it .
It results in a lazy bytestring ( so you can generate outputs that are larger than memory ) .
Here 's the reverse of our simple Get example :
import qualified Data.
ByteString .
Lazy as BL import Data .
Binary .
Put serialiseSomething ::
Put serialiseSomething = do putWord32be 1 putWord16be 2 putWord8 3 main :: IO ( ) main = BL .
putStr $ runPut serialiseSomething
And running it shows that it 's generating the correct serialisation :
% runhaskell /tmp/example.hs | hexdump - C 00000000 00 00 00 01 00 02 03 |.......|
If you want the output of runPut to be a strict bytestring , you just need to convert it with B.concat $ BL.toChunks $ runPut xyz .
One limitation of Put , due to the nature of the Builder monad which it works with , is that you can't get the current offset into the output .
This can be an issue with some formats which require you to encode byte offsets into the file .
You have to calculate these byte offsets yourself .
Other useful packages
There are other packages which you should know about , but which are mostly covered by their documentation :
Designing a strong , coherent graphic brand identity is one of the most rewarding tasks in graphic design .
It is a unique opportunity to create something that will go on to be used in many different places , applications and designs .
In this multi-part tutorial series I 'll take you through the processes and design I used to create the Rockable Press brand and its many different applications both offline and on .
We 'll begin by looking at the creation of the Rockable logo , look and feel and brand .
Branding Beyond Graphic Design
Branding is an area that encompasses a lot more than just graphic design .
In fact it tends to bleed heavily into marketing and advertising .
Hence brand development for large companies is often handled by an advertising agency or specialist branding and design house .
Companies like Landor and FutureBrand will go far beyond graphic design and you will often hear them talk about brand experience and brand building .
As a designer my first instinct is to assume that brands are recognized primarily visually but in fact branding agencies often dip into the other senses as well .
So for example sometime ago I met a guy who produces aromatic fragrances for brands so that everytime you walk into say , a particular clothing store there is the same subtle fragrance .
Another non-visual method of branding is audiotory branding which is famously used by Intel with that familiar four note chime they always play on their ads as the " Intel Inside " logo appears .
If you 're interested in learning about how branding works for companies a really , really good and quite easy read is the 22 Immutable Laws of Branding .
For our purposes , we 're going to focus pretty much just on the visual experience of a brand .
About our Brand Example - Rockable Press
In this set of tutorials we 're going to be looking at the development of an Envato brand called Rockable Press .
It is a little division of our company that makes EBook guides to learning how to do things .
So we have a book on how to freelance , a book on how to design WordPress themes , and we 've got some minibooks in development on using Twitter for business use , on writing for the web , on slicing Photoshop designs , and so on .
If I were to identify the key brand value it would be that anyone can be awesome at what they do , and Rockable products are there to help people acquire new skills and get really good .
So based on that key brand value we came up with our book titles " How to Be a Rockstar Something " and " Rockstar Something " .
So we have How to Be a Rockstar Freelancer , How to Be a Rockstar WordPress Designer and Rockstar Personal Branding .
When it came time to create a name for the business however it turned out that Rockstar Press or Rockstar Books caused a lot of problems .
A search of the US Trademark Database reveals that there are lots of Rockstar Something brands out there including one very famous gaming company .
So with a bit of lateral thinking we came up with Rockable which is a made - up word but which sounds real .
In fact a search of the Urban Dictionary claims that the " word " means to have the ability to rock ... which is perfect !
A search of domain names showed that Rockable.com was gone , but Rockable Press.com was available and so the name was chosen .
If you 're interested in selecting domain / brand names , you might like to read Smashing Magazine 's article The Effective Strategy For Choosing Right Domain Names .
What Makes a Good Logo ?
There are two main criteria I use to create logos :
Recognizable & Distinctive
A logo should stand out and be recognizable amongst the visual clutter of other brands .
You do n't want your identity being confused with someone elses so it should be distinct from other logos preferably everywhere , but at least in an industry / country .
Usable
A logo should be usable both in terms of its visual shape and in terms of its application .
So for example if you had a logo that is a really , really long strip it 's going to be hard to fit onto designs .
Similarly if you have a logo that relies a lot of colour gradients and you need to get it printed in black and white you 're going to run into troubles .
That 's not to say you can't have graduated logos or long and thin logos , but it 's worth thinking hard about how the logo is going to be used .
For more on what makes a great logo , you should check out Tony Spaeth from IdentityWorks on the Six Universal Attributes of a Great Mark .
Wordmark or Symbol ?
A first step in creating a logo is to decide is it going to be a Wordmark or a Symbol .
A wordmark is when the logo is solely text based .
A symbol based logo is usually an iconic graphic mark married with some simple text .
Famous examples of wordmarks include Google , Microsoft , Elle , Sony and our very own Tuts + .
While famous examples of Symbol based logos include Nike , BP , Blogger , Chevron and Envato !
How do you choose ?
Tony Spaeth again has a neat article called Symbol ?
Or Wordmark ?
which basically says that you should favour wordmarks for distinctive names and symbols for longer , generic names .
Personally I prefer symbol - based logos as they tend to be a bit more eye catching , especially if a brand is completely unknown .
So for Rockable Press we 're going to go with a symbol .
Step 1 - Developing a Symbol
So the big question is , what symbol is going to represent this brand ?
To choose a symbol I usually think about :
Can you visually represent the name itself ?
Say you were designing a logo for a company called Orange Marketing , you might decide to do a symbol of .. an orange !
Say you were designing a logo for a company called Orange Marketing , you might decide to do a symbol of .. an orange !
Is there a symbol that communicates the brand values ?
Let 's say you were designing a logo for an investment company that was all about secure investments , you might choose an iconic safe image for example to represent security .
Let 's say you were designing a logo for an investment company that was all about secure investments , you might choose an iconic safe image for example to represent security .
Can you represent what the company does ?
Let 's say you were doing a logo for a moving company you might decide a symbol of a truck or a van was appropriate so the viewer could immediately identify what the company was all about .
In my case , for Rockable I decided the symbol should be something do with the word " Rockstar " .
I first thought just an asterisk * character would be good , since some people call that a " star " .
And when we were planning on making the brand Rockstar I thought it would be neat to write Rock * but as I detailed above that name got trashed and we went with Rockable instead .
I also spent some time thinking about what rockstars do .
One visual idea that stood out for me was the idea of someone jumping with a guitar in their hand , or jumping into a crowd , or leaping across the stage .
For me jumping seemed appropriate .
This idea will appear later in our book covers , but it also made it's way into the idea of turning the asterisk into a jumping figure like this :
Illustrator Technique :
First I found an appropriate * character .
I just scrolled through a whole bunch of fonts to find the one shown .
Then I hit Type > Create Outlines to turn it into a shape
Then using the Pen Tool ( P ) I carefully drew a shape in white over the top that I wanted to cut out .
I held SHIFT down to keep the top and bottom edges straight .
Once I had the shape almost right , I zoomed in and used the Direct Selection Tool ( A ) to move the points into place .
Then I selected both the asterisk shape and the shape on top and hit the cut out icon shown in the Pathfinder flyout .
Next I went to Object >
Expand Appearance to wind up with a single clean shape Finally I manipulated the two points directly under the " head " so they were a bit closer together using the Direct Selection Tool ( A ) again .
And then I had my final symbol !
Step 2 - Choosing a Font
The next step is to choose a font to write my brand name next to the little asterisk man symbol .
So how do you select a font ?
Here are a few considerations :
How fussy do you want the text to be ?
Generally speaking you do n't want the elements of your logo fighting each other .
So if you have a symbol that should be the focus and the text should be more understated .
If you are using only a wordmark for a logo then you might choose a more decorative or embellished typeface .
In my case my symbol is quite straight forward so I do n't mind if the typeface is n't really minimal .
At the same time there is a symbol as well so I would n't want anything too fru - fru .
What image are you trying to project ?
Different typefaces have different connotations and meanings .
So whenever you choose a typeface you should be thinking about what it says about the brand .
Do you want it to say modern or classic , feminine or masculine , strong or delicate , friendly or stand - offish .
As you learn about typography you 'll learn to associate different meanings with typefaces and see what is appropriate for what .
The only way to learn this is really to pay attention to how and where different typefaces are used .
In my case I want a strong , bold feel - we are talking about rockstars here after all !
How readable is the font for your particular word ?
On a practical note , some fonts just are n't very legible for certain words or letters .
Years ago I used a font for my freelancing design work that just happened to read well for the letters " good " .
Pretty much every other letter in that particular font sucked , but for some reason that combination just looked really spot on , it was a nice ' g ' , simple 'o 's and a nice ' d ' .
How does the font match the symbol you 're using ?
The symbol and word need to have a happy relationship where they support each other .
Think about how the two contrast each other .
Because my symbol is so simple it almost looks like a letter , I want to find a typeface that matches in weight .
That way the symbol can be a part of the wording almost .
Now I have a very high - tech way of choosing fonts .
Basically I write my word " Rockable " and then I scroll through my million and one fonts until I see something that looks good !
Then I copy that to one side and do it some more .
Finally I choose one out of the best candidates .
Using this revolutionary method I came up with a font that even sounds suitable - Rockwell Bold :
Rockwell is what is known as a Slab Serif typeface .
Another great example of this type of typeface is Lubalin which we use for the Tuts+ branding .
Slab serif typefaces are also sometimes called " Square serif " or " Egyptian " .
They tend to be very bold , especially in the heavier weights such as I 'm using for the logotype .
Slab serifs feel kind of modern to me , especially when used in a minimal , big type , bold typographic way - like we will be doing with Rockable Press .
According to the Desedo Blog Rockwell is also experiencing a bit of a resurgence in popularity which might explain why I think it seems modern .
Anyhow here 's an amusing video courtesy of Pulp Fiction , Samuel L Jackson and Rockwell ( NSFW ) :
Step 3 - Developing a Colour Palette
Next we choose a colour palette for our brand .
As I mentioned before for Rockable Press I wanted something bold , however it should also be friendly and modern .
What colour scheme is bold , friendly and modern ?
Probably lots of them , but for Rockable Press I chose a very simple combination of yellow , grey and black .
I selected a yellow which has some Magenta mixed in so that it 's a bit warmer than straight yellow .
For the grey I went with a mixed grey with a bit more Cyan in it , and then a second plain ( and lighter ) grey for writing on black with .
And for the black I went with the plain black .
Your colour choice will probably be influenced by some of these factors :
Fashion
Yes colours go in and out of fashion .
Just think about fluoro's and the 80's !
Yes colours go in and out of fashion .
Just think about fluoro's and the 80's !
Industry & Competition
If you have three major competitors and they all use blue , if you use red for example you 're going to be very recognizable .
If you have three major competitors and they all use blue , if you use red for example you 're going to be very recognizable .
Meaning
Just like fonts , colours have meanings , and not just one either .
Sure red is angry , but that does n't make Coca - Cola angry right ?
Nope because red is also loud , exciting and bright .
Blue and grey are the world 's favourite corporate colours .
Brown is great for cafes and warm brands .
According to an article on color psychology , red and yellow tends to make people want to eat quickly and leave which is why they are used in fast food so often .
If you 're into colour , you should really join the awesome COLOURlovers site which is a community dedicated to just that !
Choosing Pantones
At this point you might also want to decide on a specific Pantone colour that you wish to use .
Pantone colours are a standard set of inks that almost all printers can offer for use in offset print jobs .
The advantage to using Pantones is you can get a completely consistent colour representation in all your print work .
To choose a Pantone you would get out your Pantone colour book and select a shade of yellow you liked .
In my case I sold all my Pantone books when I stopped doing freelance design , so we 're going to do this with just plain old CMYK !
Step 4 - Placement and the Final Logo
The last step in logo design is to place the symbol and text together .
I should note at this point that choosing colours , typeface and creating the symbol usually happens as one organic process - it just makes more sense to explain it as steps !
So here I 've placed the symbol and typeface together .
I chose this sizing because :
I want the symbol to feel almost like a punctuation on the end of the word .
At this size the symbol weight is very similar to the text .
That is to say if you compare how thick the lines are on the text and the symbol they match quite closely .
At this point it 's also important to decide how the logo is going to look when it 's inversed on a dark colour .
A good logo should look just as strong inversed as it does on white .
Step 5 - Developing the Look Further
Some brands will need a more developed look for application to things like packaging and signage .
In the case of Rockable Press , there is going to be a very important element in the form of book covers .
So long before I took the time to create the first book , I sat down and designed the first cover :
As you 'll realise there is n't actually much to this cover , in fact the elements are :
A black base .
A white silhouette of a person jumping .
I actually bought an extended license on a stock illustration for the little jumping men .
You could of course just take a photo of someone jumping and trace it out in Illustrator fairly easily .
Some white speckles .
This was also purchased as a stock vector and I added it to make the cover a bit more grungy and young .
The grey supporting text .
The main heading text written in black on a yellow background and put at angles to make the title really punchy .
And then I 've just placed everything on the page !
Design vs Technique
One interesting aspect of design is that it very often does not involve much actual technique with Illustrator or Photoshop .
That is to say there are n't really any special technical tricks that help with design .
Most of the time it 's really just about placing objects , figuring out the visual heirarchy and ensuring there 's a nice balance of space and elements .
In the case of this cover there is no real technique to it .
However there is a lot of placement .
So for example the title is placed in such a way that it looks really bold and leaps off the page .
The next most pronounced element is the silhouetted man which in white on black is as contrasted as it gets .
The three supporting text elements are placed so that they are read as incidentals but also balance the page , so note that the top and bottom are both centered and the subheading is nestled in under the title .
You 'll also notice that individual elements are unbalanced - the title elements are crooked , the silhouette is off to the left , the speckles are only on the right - but the overall effect is balanced .
So the silhouette and the speckles balance each other out a bit , as does the subtitle which is right heavy .
Similarly the crooked components of the title all form one cohesive block .
Step 6 - Creating a Simple Styleguide
A styleguide is a document that tells another designer how to work with a brand .
If you 've ever worked on a project for a major brand you will have most likely been given a PDF or web styleguide that goes through things like :
Logo sizing and placement Colours for on screen and in print Fonts , web fonts , office fonts Use of photography Use of supporting design elements
Styleguides are important for keeping a consistent brand when multiple designers are working on the same project .
From the From the Webex styleguide
Some example corporate styleguides :
Of course realistically the Rockable brand is hardly going to be used by many designers the way Webex 's brand would .
However it 's still worth creating a mini-styleguide .
For example if this were a job for a client I would deliver my mini-styleguide at the end of the job in case they stopped using my services and recruited a different designer .
They could then just hand the PDF over to the next guy to pick up where I left off .
What should we put in our mini-styleguide ?
Let 's have :
The logo both on white and dark
The fonts we 're using for display , copy and web
The colours Design elements like the title , slogan and so on
You can do this however you like .
All I did was create a new A4 Illustrator document and then saved five consecutive versions each with a different page of elements on it , then saved them each as PDFs and stitched them together in Acrobat using the Insert Page function .
It took about ten minutes ( and is a bit rough ) .
Here 's how my finished product looks :
View my Rockable Press Styleguide PDF !
The nice thing about a styleguide is it feels like something solid to deliver to a client .
Particularly if you 've designed a wordmark logo , sometimes it can feel like you 're just delivering something really simple .
Dear Comrades ,
The anti-capitalist and anti-statist position on health care is becoming more and more bewildering , even mysterious , to me as I consider what a banner like this could mean in the context of a pro-health care march in Seattle .
The IWW ’s position on health care is that “ capitalism can not be reformed , ” which , in the context of a pro-healthcare march could be construed as being in support of a single - payer , nationalized health care system .
It could be seen as yet another argument against capitalism that a Trotskyist group put forth .
If this means converting the current health care policy into a fully social democratic system , that is reformism , and not something the IWW would support .
It ’s safe to say the IWW is not arguing for the kind of health care the Democrats are arguing for .
But could I be mistaken ?
Health care in particular is a source of much confusion for anti-statists .
But why ?
Why should the anarchist position that capitalism cannot be reformed have different advice to give depending on the particular government program in question ?
What makes health care so different than , say , infant industries , state - run banks , the army , or subsidized agriculture ?
Of course , health care is perceived as a human right , and a basic need .
Many of us believe everyone should have access to these services .
But who as an anarchist would argue that this implies a role for national government ?
The IWW and other anarchist organizations push for health care provided in the work place ( paid by the employer ) , and certainly want to see an extended system of mutual aid and healthcare for all people , but their ideology is at odds with the reformists and the Trotskyites who want to use the state to distribute health services .
What is more confusing is that at least some IWW members do appear to support nationalized health care systems .
Why does health care , in particular , send mixed signals ?
At the risk of sounding fundamentalist , is it because anarchists are , in fact , willing to sacrifice some ideological ground so that the state can provide basic human rights to all people , right now ?
Because not supporting single - payer health care would seem cold - hearted ?
But did I miss something important ?
Anarchist ideology could not support of a welfare state .
Is it not completely at odds with that idea ?
I am only curious as to the justification .
( I have heard no anarchists make the case for a theoretical “ transitional phase , ” where the state nationalizes all services , and then slowly the tiny groups of anarchists phase out the bureaucratic mediation in favor of mutual aid systems .
That also sounds like a very complicated argument . )
Exactly how you can have anti-capitalism and anarchism and single - payer ( the government ) health care at the same time ?
What reason , if any , would lead you to justify supporting national single - payer health care if you are arguing for the replacement of work with mutual aid ?
Thank you ,
Utopia or Bust
From the Politico :
“ Is n’t it amazing folks in Congress were shocked the plan THEY passed allowed those huge bonuses for AIG ? " asks Rick Scott , the former healthcare executive who chairs the group , in a new television ad to be released tomorrow .
" Now some in Congress want to raise taxes and spend $ 634 billion for the President ’s healthcare overhaul - - WITHOUT even seeing all the details of his plan .
They just never seem to learn . "
The campaign focuses on Obama 's proposal to set $ 634 billion in the federal budget aside for healthcare reform , and links the issue to the Congress 's treatment of bonuses for AIG executives .
The Conservative Patients ' Rights Action Fund -- the first group out of the box opposing Obama 's healthcare plan -- has launched a second round of its campaign on the issue , a source involved in the group says .
Ah , yes , Rick Scott .
Funny , the details the Politico leaves out of their stories !
From Christopher Hayes in The Nation :
Having Scott lead the charge against healthcare reform is like tapping Bernie Madoff to campaign against tighter securities regulation .
You see , the for - profit hospital chain Scott helped found -- the one he ran and built his entire reputation on -- was discovered to be in the habit of defrauding the government out of hundreds of millions of dollars .
This is the man who will be delivering what Politico called the " pro-free - market message . "
A Texas lawyer who shared a business partner with George W. Bush , Scott started his health company , Columbia Hospital Corporation , in 1987 .
Its growth was meteoric , expanding from just a few hospitals to more than 1,000 facilities in thirty - eight states and three other countries in 1997 .
As his firm gobbled up chains , like the Frist family 's Hospital Corporation of America ( HCA ) , it became the largest for - profit hospital chain in the country .
By 1994 , Columbia / HCA was one of the forty largest corporations in America , and Scott had acquired a reputation as the Gordon Gecko of the healthcare world .
" Whose patients are you stealing ? " he would ask employees at his newly acquired hospitals .
He promised to put nonprofit hospitals -- which he insisted on referring to as " nontaxpaying " hospitals -- out of business and touted his company 's single - minded pursuit of profit as a model for the nation 's entire healthcare system .
" What 's happening in Washington is not healthcare reform , " he told the New York Times in 1994 .
" Healthcare reform is happening in the marketplace . "
The press portrayed Scott as a guru to be admired and feared , " a private capitalist dictator , " in the words of one Princeton health economist .
" Probably the lowest body fat of anybody I 've been in business with , " his partner told the Times .
" Other hospitals were intimidated , " recalls John Schilling , who worked for Columbia / HCA in the 1990s .
Scott was " like the bully that would come into town and if you did n't sell to him or partner with him , he would open up shop across the street from you and put you out of business . "
Not long after joining the company in 1993 as the supervisor of reimbursement for the Fort Myers , Florida , office , Schilling noticed things were n't quite kosher .
" They were looking for ways to maximize reimbursement ... which ultimately would improve the bottom line . "
One way they did this was to fudge the costs on their Medicare expense reports .
They were " basically keeping two sets of books , " says Schilling .
The company would maintain an internal expense report , what it called a " reserve " report , which accurately tallied its expenses .
" And then they would have a second report , which ... they would file with the government , which was more aggressive . "
That report would " include inflated costs and expenses they knew were n't allowable or reimbursable .
The one they filed with government might claim $ 5 million and the reserve would claim $ 4.5 . "
Columbia / HCA would pocket the difference .
It was n't just happening in Florida , and it was n't just fraudulent Medicare expense reports .
Around the country , dozens of whistle - blowers like Schilling stepped forward to file lawsuits under the False Claims Act , charging the company with sundry forms of chicanery : kickbacks to doctors in exchange for referrals , illegal deals with homecare agencies and filing false data about the use of hospital space .
By 1997 the FBI was investigating Columbia / HCA .
Days after agents raided company facilities armed with search warrants , Scott was forced to resign .
In 2000 the company pleaded guilty to fraud and agreed to pay the government $ 840 million .
Other civil settlements would follow , ultimately totaling a staggering $ 1.7 billion , making it the largest fraud case in American history .
( Scott was never criminally charged and continues to deny wrongdoing .
His spokesperson did not respond to repeated interview requests . )
But in Washington there 's no such thing as permanent disgrace , and as the healthcare debate heats up , Scott has established himself as a go - to source for reporters looking to hear from the opposition .
He 's been quoted in the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post .
He 's been on Fox , of course , railing against President Obama 's efforts to control healthcare costs .
He appeared on CNN , where ( as Media Matters noted ) host Jessica Yellin never saw fit to notify viewers that the man she introduced as running " a media campaign to limit government 's role in the healthcare system " once ran a company that profited mightily from ripping off that government .
Indeed , if there 's one thing that 's most galling about Scott 's antigovernment jihad -- and most emblematic -- it 's that for all his John Galt bluster , he made his fortune ( which , yes , he still has ) in no small part thanks to steady contract fees from the Great Society 's entitlement programs .
Congressman Pete Stark , a veteran of the last bruising round of fighting over healthcare reform , remembers Scott all too well .
Stark recently sent his colleagues a letter hoping to refresh their memories .
Calling Scott a " swindler , " the letter said , " If he is the conservative spokesperson against healthcare reform , there is no debate . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Interior Department on Wednesday said it has created a special task force to speed the development of renewable energy projects on federal lands .
" More so than ever , with job losses continuing to mount , we need to steer the country onto a new energy path , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
The task force will identify specific zones on public lands where the department can act rapidly to create large - scale production of solar , wind , geothermal and biomass energy .
" We will assign a high priority to identifying renewable energy zones and completing the permitting and appropriate environmental review of transmission rights - of - way applications that are necessary to deliver renewable energy generation to consumers , " Salazar said .
" We have to connect the sun of the deserts and the wind of the plains with the places where people live . "
Article continues : http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-GreenBusiness/idUSTRE52A64Q20090312
The shittiest part of running a blog is cleaning up spam comments .
I just created a blog for a friend the other day , and in one day there was already a paragraphs long comment about the Chinese Service Mall Adsense Union .
It 's like plugging a phone into the wall and then immediately getting a robocall about how your car warranty supposedly expired .
Wordpress users have it easier .
There 's a free service called Askimet that aggressively stops spam , though it sometimes suppresses real comments too .
There 's no perfect solution to the spam problem .
... except to change the tone of comment spam itself .
Traditionally , spam comments have been giant blocks of gibberish with links to penis pills , online poker and online poker where the prize is penis pills .
Obviously , you 're gonna want to delete these " comments " immediately , and curse the blog gods for putting them there .
However , a new wave of spam comment is upon us .
Let 's call it " Swell Spam . "
" Swell Spam " is usually just a few words , anything from " hilarious " to " i like your blog " to " this is a very good article - thanks for posting ! "
You can tell it 's spam because it 's impersonal , there 's no capitalization and the URL link attached to the comment is for ExtenZe coupons .
Strangely , I do n't mind this kind of spam at all .
Sure , spammers benefit because they got their link onto my regularly updated blog .
However , my site benefits as well .
Having more nice comments posted encourages real users to comment , and makes my blog seem more populated .
Hopefully , they wo n't notice that the comments are Swell Spam and just think , " hey , I should comment too -- just like this guy who runs the online blackjack site did . "
Everybody wins .
In fact , this makes me wonder about spam in general .
If it was more useful or entertaining , maybe I would n't need to auto - delete it .
Send me good restaurant recommendations or tips on getting free Wi-Fi along with the link to your Hollywood SuperFood Diet .
I would certainly be more likely to click on it than an email that reads , " PLEASE CONTACT YOUR CLAIMS AGENT -
You are to receive a cash prize of $ 2,500,000.00 . "
A spoonful of valued content helps the advertisement go down .
Television puts shows in between the commercials -- give it a try , Spam .
Meanwhile , you can keep calling my blog " very funny . "
I know you do n't mean it , but thanks .
Like This !
Tweet This !
Tweet Stumbles : 451 451
The central idea behind the Obama administration 's effort to protect the personal finances of Americans boils down to this : put laziness to work .
Tell people to set aside part of their paychecks every month and they 'll usually ignore the advice .
But start the saving process for them -- automatically siphoning off a raise from a paycheck into a bank account -- and perhaps that will help them avoid the financial trauma that has affected millions of Americans in this recession .
As ...
Following months of rumors , President Barack Obama confirmed Friday that the White House will be creating a new office to be led by a cybersecurity czar .
The office will be in charge of coordinating efforts to secure government networks and U.S. critical infrastructures .
Obama was quick to add that the new White House cybersecurity office would include an official whose job is to ensure that the government 's cyber policies do n't violate privacy and civil liberties of Americans .
He also reaffirmed his support for the principle of net neutrality .
" Our pursuit of cybersecurity will not include – I repeat , will not include – monitoring private sector networks or internet traffic , " he said .
" We will preserve and protect the personal privacy and civil liberties that we cherish as Americans .
Indeed , I remain firmly committed to net neutrality so we can keep the internet as it should be , open and free . "
The White House cybersecurity czar , who has not been named yet , will report to the National Security Council and the National Economic Council , putting the position one rung lower in the executive branch hierarchy than many security experts had hoped for .
Speculators predicted the czar would report directly to the president , which would have helped insulate the office from agency turf battles .
But in his address on Friday , Obama said the new cybercoordinator will have " my full support and regular access to me as we confront these challenges . "
The czar will be responsible for orchestrating and integrating all cybersecurity policies for the government , working with the Office of Management and Budget to ensure that agencies have money allocated for cybersecurity priorities , and coordinating the government 's response to a major cyber incident or attack .
" From now on our digital infrastructure , the networks and computers we depend on every day , will be treated as they should be – as a strategic national asset , " Obama said .
" Protecting this infrastructure will be a national security priority .
We will ensure that these networks are secure , trustworthy and resilient .
We will deter , prevent , detect and defend against attacks and recover quickly from any disruptions or damage . "
In conjunction with Obama 's briefing the White House released a report on a 60 - day review of the nation 's cybersecurity efforts ( .pdf ) , which Obama had ordered shortly after taking office in January .
The report was conducted by acting White House cybersecurity chief Melissa Hathaway , who is considered a front runner for the permanent czar job .
As part of that review , Obama announced plans for a public awareness campaign to increase cybersecurity literacy among children and the general public and to support educational programs to develop technological and cybersecurity expertise .
The latter is needed " to ensure a technologically advanced workforce in cybersecurity and related areas , similar to the United States ’ focus on mathematics and science education in the 1960s , " the White House said in a statement .
The White House also acknowledged the need for the government " to facilitate programs and information sharing on cybersecurity threats , vulnerabilities , and effective practices across all levels of government and industry " and to coordinate responses to cyber attacks between government and private industry .
Obama did not address a separate plan that is rumored to be in the works to secure U.S. military networks .
The Wall Street Journal reported last month that the Pentagon plans to create a separate military cyber command that will be responsible for securing military computers and coordinating cyber offensive attacks .
The cyber command would be a subdivision of the U.S. Strategic Command and would be headed by Lt. General Keith Alexander , who currently heads the National Security Agency .
Last March , Rod Beckstrom , the Department of Homeland Security 's cybersecurity chief , abruptly resigned over concerns that the NSA was angling to take control of cybersecurity duties .
But last month , at the RSA Security conference in San Francisco , Alexander insisted the NSA had no interest in overseeing cybersecurity but was interested in coordinated efforts with DHS , which is responsible for securing non-military government networks .
See also :
Baby names change with the winds of fashion and new research suggests the faster they get popular , the faster they get lame .
Take Tricia .
Back in the 1950s , almost nobody named their baby girls Tricia .
By the 1970s , the name had skyrocketed to the 144th most popular girl 's name and then just as quickly , Tricia fell back into disuse .
It 's no longer in the top 1,000 names for girls .
Literally hundreds of other names have followed similar trajectories .
It turns out that a name 's sad tumble into obscurity is tightly correlated with the speed of its rise .
And that principle — what goes up quickly , must come down quickly — could be applicable to a broader set of memes .
" We do n't think this is just a names thing , " said Jonah Berger , a University of Pennsylvania marketing professor , and author of the study , which appears Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" We think this is a broader phenomenon that happens in all kinds of identity - relevant domains where people care about what something means not just what it does . "
Berger 's paper follows earlier work by Harvard sociologist Stanley Lieberson , who used name databases as a way of analyzing the " pure mechanisms " involved in social and cultural fashion shifts .
Lieberson argues that there 's no intrinsic value to the whims of fashion , be they hem lines or names starting with ' J . '
" These are shifts where a new taste develops and it gradually expands and expands and expands .
Because it is a fashion it eventually falls away and gets replaced by something else , " Lieberson told Wired.com .
" There 's no rhyme or reason to it . "
The properties of the system arise just from the internal mechanics of popularity , a phenomenon that Lieberson calls " the ratchet effect . "
New fashions rarely change wildly .
They build on previous fashions , slowly changing through time .
By this incremental process , new names become popular or skirts get shorter ( or longer ) .
Berger 's addition is that the size of the increments matters , too , not just the absolute popularity of a name or fashion .
Names that built up slowly through time also experienced greater overall success .
The faddishness of fads , in other words , has been quantified .
" Things that catch on really quickly might end up less popular overall because they have a shorter life cycle , " Berger said .
* For infinite fun playing with baby names , head to Baby Name Wizard , the data - heavy baby name site developed by Laura Wattenberg .
Try the NameVoyager .
You wo n't be sorry ( unless it causes you to miss a deadline ) .
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italian carmaker Fiat FIA .
MI on Tuesday denied a German press report saying it would slash jobs and close plants under plans for a deal with Opel .
Frankfurter Algemeiner Zeitung said Fiat would cut some 18,000 jobs and 10 assembly and component sites at a combined Fiat / Opel company including both Vauxhall plants in England and two Fiat factories in Italy .
Fiat issued a statement saying the information in the report , “ does not come from Fiat and is not part of any plan prepared by the company . ”
Fiat Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne met German officials on Monday to discuss an offer for Opel , the German unit of General Motors ( GM ) GM.N .
Oikaisuni ilmastokeskusteluun
Maapallon lämpötilasta , ilmastonmuutoksesta ( kaksi eri asiaa ) ja energiatehokkuudesta on mahdotonta keskustella asiallisesti , koska asian käsittelyllä on kaikki lahkolaisuuden piirteet .
Suurin osa mielipiteensä esittäjistä ( esim. asiasta kirjoittaneen IL :n toimittaja ) ei tiedä edes , että CO2 on saasteena yhtä vaaraton kuin happi , ja asiat saadaan lopullisesti ylösalaisin käyttämällä « asiantuntijana » Greenpeacen edustajaa .
Sama , kuin kysyisi aseistakieltäytyjän mielipidettä puolustusvoimista .
Heidi Hautala valehteli Turun suorassa TV - lähetyksessä minun kieltävän ilmastomuutoksen .
En olisi uskonut sitä hänestä .
Vastustan ainoastaan ihmisen syyllistämistä maailman lämpötilan nousuista ja laskuista .
Kenen vika on se , että olemme joka tapauksessa menossa kohti seuraavaa jääkautta ?
( Se ei toteudu kuitenkaan tämän vaalikauden aikana … )
Itse haluan voimakasta panostusta tieteeseen ja tutkimukseen , koska vain uusilla keksinnöillä ja tieteen sovellutuksilla voimme ratkaista ongelmamme .
MEIDÄN ON KESKITYTTÄVÄ IHMISEN AUTTAMISEEN , MUTTA SE EI TAPAHDU ILMASTON MUSEOIMISEN KAUTTA .
ABSURDI IDEA .
Lähimmäistemme auttaminen alkaa lasten rokottamisella , ( Heidi Hautalan puheenjohtajakaudella vihreät järjestivät EU - parlamentissa ROKOTUKSIA VASTUSTAVAN seminaarin ) puhtaan veden ja viemäröinnin järjestämisellä , ( miljoona lasta kuolee Afrikassa ripuliin vuosittain , ja yhteensä 4 miljoonaa lasta kuolee Afrikassa ennen 5. ikävuotta ) malarian ( Vihreiden vastustuksen takia WHO hyväksyi vasta äskettäin DDT :n malarian vastaiseen taisteluun .
DDT on kustannustehokas malarian torjuja köyhissä maissa . ) ja aidsin vastaisella taistelulla , tyttöjen koulutuksella jne .
NÄMÄ ASIAT OVAT KÖYHYYDEN SEURAUSTA .
Vihreät vastustavat myös geeniteknologiaa , koska he haluavat tehotonta luomuviljelyä .
Onneksi penisilliini kerittiin keksiä ennen vihreiden dogmien vyörytystä .
Vastasin jo LEINOSELLE 24.5 . hiilijalanjäljestä , joka on seurausta köyhyyden kitkemisestä .
Käsin tai alkeellisin menetelmin tehty työ = alhainen työn tuottavuus = suuri resurssien tuhlaus = alhainen elintaso = ihmisen lyhyt elinikä .
Seurauksena on PIENI ja TUHLAILEVA HIILIJALANJÄLKI .
Katso LEINONEN : Venäjä ja Kiina verrattuna Ranskaan .
Elintason noustessa hiilijalanjälki suurenee , mutta teknologian kehityksen ansiosta hiilijalanjäljen suhteellinen osuus saavutetusta elintasosta pienenee jatkuvasti .
Ratkaisu ihmiskunnan ongelmiin ei tule puitten sahaamisesta pokasahalla , vaan entistäkin taloudellisempien moottorisahojen kehittämisestä .
Suurin osa maailman ihmisistä elää edelleen köyhyydessä - lähes 1/3 ihmisperheestämme on ilman sähköä - ja heidän kurjuutensa vähentämisen seurauksena on CO2 - päästöjen lisääntyminen .
Vaikka teollistuneiden maiden päästöt vähenisivätkin , niin kehittyvien maiden edistymisen takia kokonaispäästöt tulevat joka tapauksessa lisääntymään .
VAI HALUATTEKO TUOMITA SUURIMMAN OSAN IHMISPERHEESTÄMME
TOIVOTTOMUUTEEN
VAIN SEN TAKIA , ETTÄ HE SYNTYIVÄT TIMBUKTUUN TUUPOVAARAN SIJAAN ?!
Kaikki uskovat , että öljy loppuu jonain päivänä , ( nykyisen tiedon mukaan yli 100 vuoden kuluttua ) mutta väittävät samaan aikaan , että päästöjä on mahdollista vähentää !
Yhtälön etuosa kumoaa sen jälkiosan .
POLITIIKASSA KAIKKI ON MAHDOLLISTA .
Sekin on politiikassa normaalia , että ihmisiä energiapulalla , päästöillä ja planeetan tuholla pelottelevat vihreät ovat ydinvoimaa vastaan , vaikka juuri se korvaisi fossiilisia polttoaineita .
EU:n 20 % vähennystavoite päästöissä vuoteen 2020 mennessä vastaa 1/4000 osaa ilmakehässä jo olevasta hiilipatjasta , ja muu maailma tulee täyttämään meidän " vajeemme " ennen 15.1.2020 !
Hiilipatjan elinikä on n. 200 vuotta - joten kahden viikon voittamisen takia me maksamme itsemme kipeiksi energiaveroja ja syöttötariffeja tuulivoimasta ja muista energiamuodoista , joista ihmiset eivät muuten ole valmiita maksamaan !
Uskomatonta , mutta totta .
Vain kasvun kautta ihmiskunta löytää uusia ratkaisuja ihmiskunnan ongelmiin .
Kasvun pysähdys tarkoittaa meillä työttömyyttä , mutta köyhissä maissa nälänhätää !
Jos kasvu pysähtyy teollistuneissa maissa vihreiden politiikan mukaisesti , niin köyhillä mailla ei ole toivoa paremmasta huomisesta .
Ilmasto on ollut usein nykyistä lämpimämpää ja muutokset ovat olleet hyvinkin rajuja .
Ranskan tunnetuin ilmastotieteilijä ja IPCC :n jäsen Jean Jouzel : " Viimeisen jääkauden aikana Grönlannin jäätiköillä oli 25 nopeaa lämpötilan muutosta ja jään sulaessa ilma lämpeni 16 astetta muutamassa vuosikymmenessä " .
Nyt on lämpötila noussut vuonna 1850 päättyneen kylmän vaiheen jälkeen – jolloin pettua söivät muutkin kuin Paavo Ruotsalainen – vajaan asteen 150 vuodessa … Ranskan VTT 19.6.2008 : " Grönlannissa 2007 uudella teknologialla tehdyissä tutkimuksissa havaittiin , että heilahdus kahden ilmastotyypin välillä voi tapahtua yhdessä vuodessa .
14700 vuotta sitten tapahtui tällainen muutos , ja ilma lämpeni yli 10 astetta ...
" EMME VOI MUSEOIDA ILMASTOA .
Lapsikin tietää , että aurinko lämmittää maapallon .
Mutta vihreä ideologia syyllistää ihmisen , koska heidän kyynisen maailmankuvansa keskipisteenä ovat eläimet ja luonto .
Ihminen on luontoa häiritsevä virus .
VIHREÄT OVAT MAANYSTÄVIÄ .
Planeetan tuholla pelottelemalla he haluavat rajoittaa ihmisten vapautta ja luoda kollektiivista yhteiskuntaa .
TERVE YHTEISKUNTA RAKENTUU ALHAALTA YLÖSPÄIN JA YKSILÖÄ KUNNIOITTAEN .
Vihreät kieltävät : ” Älä tee ” .
Järki sanoo : ” Tee paremmin ” .
Alle olen koonnut muutamia Internet - linkkejä , joita ihmisten syyllistämiseen skeptisesti suhtautuvat ovat minulle lähettäneet .
www.yle.fi/player/player.jsp?actionpage=3&id=297759&locale=
www.ilmastofoorumi.fi
www.ilmastofoorumi.fi/tiedostot/IlmastofoorumiEsitelma20090516.pdf
http://www.hs.fi/ulkomaat/artikkeli/Ven%C3%A4j%C3%A4n+kulotukset+sulattavat+lumen+pohjoisnavalta/1135246292213
www.tapionajatukset.com/59
http://ilmasto.wordpress.com/2008/
http://ilmastohuijaus.blogspot.com/
http://nzclimatescience.net/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=471&Itemid=1
www.climatesceptics.com.au/sceptic-scientists.html
www.geocraft.com/WVFossils/ice_ages.html
www.petitionproject.org/
Takaisin edelliselle sivulle
As we drove , Congolese soldiers — ostensibly separating a patchwork of rebel and militia camps — limped by in unlaced boots , rifles slapping against their backs .
A trickle of women carried bags of charcoal burned illicitly from Virunga ’s hardwood trees .
Others walked by in a daze , loaded with mattresses , babies , and plastic jugs .
They were fleeing the mortar fire that boomed between the hills — an outbreak of war that pitted two rival rebel groups against a coalition of the Congolese army , at least half a dozen local militias , and the Rwandan military .
When we reached Vitshumbi , fishermen idled among boats in the soft mud of the lakeshore .
More than a decade ago , European research groups issued environmental reports , calibrating the ratio of fishermen to fish that would be needed to sustain the lake ’s ecology .
A fisherman ’s license became his badge of honor , suggesting that he was part master , part guardian of the lake .
But the report did n’t account for the war .
Now , on one side of the lake are fighters from one of the two rebel groups , a band of Hutus from Rwanda .
They shoot elephants , hack off the tusks , leave the mutilated carcasses to scavengers , and swap the ivory for munitions .
But as the elephants dwindle , the rebels have turned increasingly to tilapia and catfish for their food and income , plundering the lake ’s rivulets — spawning ground long off - limits to village fishermen .
On the other side , members of a local militia called PARECO are slaughtering hippos .
They sell the teeth as ivory and the flesh as prized bush meat .
In the 1970s , some 29,000 hippos lived in the park .
By the end of 2006 , their numbers had plummeted to only a few hundred — that year , militia fighters massacred thousands .
The lake water , as in the biblical plague , washed the shore red .
The killings have had an unanticipated side effect .
A hippo’s defecation feeds the plankton that feed the larvae that become the fish on which the villagers rely .
A single pachyderm ’s 60 pounds of daily dung delivers a gargantuan bacterial feast ; now , even isolated killings of the animals wreak havoc on the fragile geometry of the lake ecosystem .
There is a further complication .
Waves of Congolese refugees have been settling nearby since 2005 .
At night , they pour onto the lake in numbers far greater than the village ’s official cap of 400 boats , sometimes in stolen pirogues .
They use forbidden nets to clear the leftover life from the lake .
At one of several UN - run camps near Lake Edward , refugees from the fighting sell fish , fried dough , and firewood .
Image credit : Delphine Schrank
And so the villagers have been forced to eat the small , bony fish that they once would have tossed back into the water as trash .
“ It ’s hard , it ’s true , ” says Joseph Casseraga , a fisherman who has worked on the lake for more than 20 years .
“ But there is nothing else to do . ”
Beside a snarl of recently seized illegal nets , four of his six children doodle in the dust with sticks .
The final six episodes of Sarah Connor season two will be a crazy ride , judging from the clip reel we saw .
And producer Josh Friedman explained exactly what went wrong with the lackluster two most recent episodes .
Advertisement
Friedman and co. showed off a " sizzle reel " of scenes from the last six episodes at the show 's panel .
And it was just bursting with crazy shit , including a dozen episodes ' worth of gunplay and weird twists .
We saw Savannah , Catherine Weaver 's daughter skipping and playing hopscotch in ominous gray tunnels , until she comes upon the mysterious room where the artificial intelligence John Henry is .
" Would you like to play hide and seek ? " John Henry says .
Later on , Ellison is demanding to know where Savannah is , and John Henry wo n't answer .
John Henry asks Catherine Weaver what would happen if people knew she was n't Savannah 's real mother , and Catherine asks if she 's being threatened .
Advertisement
There 's also a lot of stuff over whether the Connors can trust Cameron , Summer Glau 's Terminator .
John insists " Cameron did n't do it , " and Sarah asks how he knows that .
" Because she said so . "
And then Sarah lists all the stuff Cameron has lied about , including whether she 's destroyed all the parts they salvaged , and also whether Cameron loves John .
Ellison is telling Catherine he 's sorry , and she says he should be .
And then John Connor is decking Ellison and yelling that he 'll kill him .
And Sarah meets Jesse , but does n't seem to know who she is .
And Sarah meets Catherine Weaver ( ! ) .
And there 's a Terminator water - delivery guy who tasers somebody .
And then there 's just some bugfuck action , with Summer Glau walking and shooting with her face torn up .
And some glimpses of Jesse on board her nuclear submarine ( with the Terminator captain ) in the future , and someone talking about her being in a tin can under the ocean .
And Sarah Connor defibrillating herself .
And lots and lots of gunplay .
And Sarah holding a Terminator arm .
And lots and lots of people crying ( including Riley ) and then some voices singing the Scottish folk song " Donald Where 's Your Trousers " , including a child 's voice .
Advertisement
And then there 's a shot of John Connor in bed with Cameron - and John is lying on top of Cameron , and it looks like they 're about to kiss .
Dude !
The season finale is wrapped , and Friedman wrote it himself .
It does end on a bit of a cliffhanger , but it answers a lot of questions from the past two years - and then raises new ones .
Fans would be upset if the show gets canceled either way , so Friedman chose to be " optimistic " and write an open - ended finale .
" The last six episodes are fantastic , and they 're among the best episodes " of the series , said Friedman .
Advertisement
We sat down with Friedman , plus stars Summer Glau and Shirley Manson , for roundtable interviews at Wondercon , and Friedman explained what happened this season .
The show was way ahead in its writing , and the writers had put together episode 14 , " The Good Wound " ( the midseason premiere ) , near the end of the first 13 episodes .
" But then we thought we were canceled , and we thought we were n't going to get it back on , " Friedman said .
" The writers had already been contracted to write episode 14 . "
But everybody thought they were never actually going to shoot " The Good Wound , " and all the writers were commisserating about how that script , with Kyle Reese and everything , was never going to get filmed .
Advertisement
The show actually shut down production and closed the writers ' room , and then at 10 PM on a Friday , Friedman got a call saying the show was back on in the spring .
The writers ' room needed to be open first thing Monday morning , and they needed another script in less than a week .
That was " Desert Cantos , " the funeral episode .
He wanted to show the aftermath of terrible things happening , and he was in love with the idea of a whole town that 's struck by tragedy .
Unfortunately , the execution was n't as great as it could have been .
" Do n't feel bad about not liking ' The Desert Cantos , ' " Friedman told me .
Advertisement
Friedman said the writers wrote down all 22 of the season 's episodes on a white board , and then went through and erased the weakest episode , and then the next weakest , until they were left with the best , by common consent .
" The Desert Cantos " was the first episode to get erased , said Friedman .
The good news is , the remaining six episodes are among the best , according to all the writers .
And the last three episodes of the season are all in the top four episodes of the season according to the writers ' room consensus , said Friedman .
Advertisement
It was also unfortunate that the show came back , and moved to Fridays , with episodes that were slow and contemplative .
On the other hand , the show 's ratings have stayed basically flat for the past two years , says Friedman .
Even when it moved to Fridays , the ratings went down statistically the amount that ratings always go down from Mondays to Fridays .
No matter what the show does , whether it features more action or more Summer Glau , it still has the same ratings .
My contribution to the programming contest held by the German „ FreiesMagazin “ got a third place out of 13 submissions .
This is quite good , considering that I only wrote a small wrapper around the generic game - tree Haskell library by Colin Adams , and hardly gave any serious thought into the problem .
All entires are available for download .
I have annotated the table containing the results with the line count as given by ohcount :
W D L Points Language Code lines 1 . Kroschinsky 904 242 54 2954 Python 589 2 . Schulz 858 263 79 2837 Python 544 3 . Breitner 837 281 82 2792 Haskell 264 4 . Jackermeier 754 306 140 2568 Perl 183 5 . Roth 574 338 288 2060 C++ 1731 6 . Eitel 567 355 278 2056 Ruby 352 7 . Reichel 342 328 530 1354 Python 266 8 . Zimmermann 303 400 497 1309 Java 1070 9 . Apensiv 190 353 657 923 Perl 410 10 . Maraun 150 300 750 750 C++ 690 11 . Golemo 131 319 750 712 Python 104 12 . Ziegelwanger 120 337 743 697 C++ 868 13 .
Fuest 32 254 914 350 Python 645
Note that the line count for my haskell program includes the game - tree library , which I bundled in my submission .
Without it , it ’s 156 lines of code I had to write , which is second best in the code golf category .
If you look at the timing statistics , you will see that my program took the longest .
When the contest was started , the timelimit was one minute per round – which I of course tried to use as much as possibly , by increasing the search tree depth .
Later into the contest , the rules were changed to limit it to one minute for a whole game , and that long - running programs will get points deducted .
I did some minor changes based on a profiling run , but did otherwise not care too much about performance .
I would have tried to improve the runtime by using Haskell ’s good ability for parallelization .
But when I asked on what kind of machine the code will be run , but they would not tell me .
They said that this is a hobby programmer ’s contest where allowing for parallelization were not fair , so I did not work in that direction .
All in all it was a positive experience , showing of Haskell ’s qualities as a language that you can quickly get good results with .
Families That Eat Together Develop Better Eating Habits In Kids
Good eating habits can result when families eat together , say researchers from the School of Public Health , University of Minnesota , who report on one of the first studies to examine the long - term benefits of regular family meals for diet quality during the transition from early to middle adolescence .
In general , the study found adolescents who participated in regular family meals reported more healthful diets and meal patterns compared to adolescents without regular family meals .
Data were drawn from Project EAT , a population - based , longitudinal study designed to examine socioenvironmental , personal , and behavioral determinants of dietary intake and weight status among an ethnically diverse sample of adolescents .
Young adolescents completed classroom surveys and a questionnaire in 1998 and 1999 when they were about 12 to 13 years old ( referred to as Time 1 ) , and then completed a further round as middle adolescents five years later ( Time 2 ) .
The study sample included 303 male and 374 female adolescents .
Regular family meals , defined as five or more meals together per week , declined over time .
Sixty percent of youth had regular family meals during early adolescence compared to 30 % during middle adolescence .
Having regular family meals at both Time 1 and Time 2 was associated with greater frequency of consuming breakfast and dinner meals and increased intakes of vegetables , calcium - rich food , dietary fiber , and several nutrients including calcium , magnesium , potassium , iron , and zinc five years later .
An important finding is that although adolescents with regular family meals at both Time 1 and Time 2 had better diet quality , on average , overall dietary adequacy was not achieved for the entire study sample .
These finding are consistent with current national consumption data that identified dietary intake of fruits , vegetables , whole - grains , potassium , magnesium , vitamin E , and dietary fiber as problematic for this age group .
Researcher Teri L. Burgess - Champoux , PhD , RD , LD , states , " These findings suggest that having regular family meals during the transition from early to middle adolescence positively impacts the development of healthful eating behaviors for youth .
Findings from the current analysis , in conjunction with similar findings from a longitudinal analysis of older adolescents transitioning to young adulthood , strongly suggest that regular family meals have long - term nutritional benefits ...
The importance of incorporating shared mealtime experiences on a consistent basis during this key developmental period should be emphasized to parents , health care providers , and educators . "
Article : " Are Family Meal Patterns Associated with Overall Diet Quality during the Transition from Early to Middle Adolescence ? " , Teri L. Burgess - Champoux , PhD , RD , LD ; Nicole Larson , PhD , MPH , RD ; Dianne Neumark - Sztainer , PhD , MPH , RD ; Peter J. Hannan , MStat ; and Mary Story , PhD , RD , Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior , Volume 41 , Issue 2 ( March / April 2009 )
Following on from the previous post , I wanted to pull out another couple of ' pointers to God ' that Francis Collins and BioLogos like to present as part of their argument for belief .
I like them because , far from being pointers to god , they are in fact powerful examples of the power of science and the weakness of religion as a tool to help us understand morality .
They 're great examples of how science is encroaching into what was once regarding as purely religious territory .
First example is this one - " Why is it wrong to torture an individual for the greater good ? "
Evil also poses problems for the nonbeliever .
Claims that torture is wrong even though the victims of torture might be terrorists with useful information appeal to some external standard .
But what is this standard ?
Such claims need to be grounded in something if they are to be asserted with such confidence
Now , the interesting thing about this one is that there is nothing in religion that allows you to deduce that torture is wrong .
It 's not inherent to the kind of Deism that Collins argues for elsewhere on BioLogos , and of course there is nothing in the Bible , the Koran , the Iliad , the Bhagavad Gita , etc that would allow you to deduce it .
Of course , you can cherry pick pretty much any religious text to make an argument against torture .
But to do that , you have to start with the conclusion and work backwards .
After all , torture for the greater good has been generally considered morally acceptable by religious people throughout history .
In fact , according to a recent survey of Americans , the Christians are still more likely than the unaffiliated to condone torture .
Similar results were seen in another new survey of European nations , which found that Muslims ( who are far more religious that the general public ) are more likely to condone violence for noble ends .
What 's more , the swing of public opinion against torture has paralleled the retreat of religion in modern times .
So whatever the arguments against torture are , they do n't arise from religion .
They come from somewhere else .
What could explain the popular disapproval of torture ?
Well , science can't tell us what 's moral and what is n't ( it 's a subjective decision that depends on the goals you set ) .
But it can help explain why we have the morality we do .
For example , Haidt 's work shows that religious people are less concerned about harm as a moral outcome .
Perhaps this is because , as Scott Reynolds and Tania Ceranic showed in 2007 , people who are very certain that they have high morals are in fact more likely to cheat and more likely to be tough on subordinates .
And as for why people reject torture even when it could save lives , well Marc Hauser has written a whole book on that ( and related topics ) .
One explanation is that we are programmed to pay more attention to the specific , rather than the general , and to the immediate issues , rather than the longer term ones .
( Of course , there are all sorts of other arguments against torture - for example that it does not work ) .
Regardless , this example is a good demonstration of the difference between science and religion .
Science can actually help us understand the world around us .
Religion cannot .
Here 's the second - on altruism :
... in its most radical form , altruism refers to situations where individuals risk their very lives to help someone they do not even know , and from whom a reciprocal benefit is unexpected or even unimaginable
At first blush , this does look like a mystery that cannot be explained by evolution .
However , in fact evolution would suggest that this ' radical altruism ' should be extremely rare in the real world .
And indeed it is .
It does , however , crop up in laboratory studies .
If you make people play a game , then some will be a little bit altruistic even when the game is anonymous , and they are guaranteed to never meet any of the other players .
There 's nothing in it for them , and it costs them something .
How can evolution explain this ?
One obvious answer is the unnaturalness of the experiment .
Throughout our evolutionary history , these kinds of anonymous situations would occur so rarely that our brains are not set up to deal with them ( Bjorn at Pleiotropy makes this point nicely ) .
It 's the moral equivalent of a visual illusion .
Collins somewhat grudgingly accepts this :
Some have suggested that radical altruism might perhaps be explained as misfiring — we mistakenly go overboard in our desire to be nice .
Radical altruism is currently somewhat mysterious .
But in fact there are also positive explanations for radical altruism .
One is group selection - the somewhat contentious idea , championed by David Sloan Wilson , that behaviour that benefits the group will be selected for , even if it harms the individual .
Another is the recent study showing that being good for the sake of it can actually benefit you as an individual - but indirectly , rather than directly .
This is because you will attract other like minded people , and together you can thrive .
So science can help us understand why , in the right circumstances , people reject torture and act altruistically .
Religion , on the other hand , does n't help explain either .
And that 's the fatal weakness of religion .
Because it attributes everything mysterious to the actions of a conscious , supernatural entity whose motives we can't understand , anything you like can be ' explained ' .
But in the process of explained everything , it in fact explains nothing .
Originally posted at : Epiphenom
_______________________________________________________________________________________
This work by Tom Rees is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 2.0 UK : England &Wales License .
Machine ate my dollar again .
NOT COOL ....
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Microsoft has entered the home energy efficiency sector Wednesday with the launch of Microsoft Hohm – a free website that , like a host of others being developed by startups like Greenbox and giants like Google , allows homeowners to analyze and react to home energy usage data to save power and money .
But that 's just the start of the software giant 's plans for home energy .
Eventually it envisions providing home energy management devices like smart thermostats and " smart plugs , " all leading to a business in reducing home energy use to help utilities .
That 's the vision Troy Batterberry , product unit manager for Microsoft energy management and home automation , laid out for the new site , which is expected to be available throughout the United States some time next week at www.microsoft-hohm.com.
Microsoft has signed up four utilities – Puget Sound Energy , Seattle City Light , Xcel Energy and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District – to provide customer energy data for the site , and is working on partnerships with about a half - dozen more , Batterberry said .
But Hohm can also be used without any utility link at all , he said , by allowing individuals to sign on , enter data for a host of questions about their home , then analyze it using algorithms developed by the Department of Energy and its Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , he said .
That differentiates the offering from many home energy management systems looking to utilities to provide data , including Google 's PowerMeter ( see The Smart Home , Part II ) .
Google has signed partnerships with eight utilities and smart meter maker Itron to develop ways to import customer energy data , but has n't said it plans to offer the site without utility data as the basis for its analysis ( see Lu's Google PowerMeter Update : Open APIs , More Partners Soon ) .
Microsoft also has partnerships with Itron and smart meter maker Landis + Gyr to integrate their data .
But it also anticipates that many homeowners will make use of the site by typing in their own data , although Batterberry acknowledged that many might choose not to fill out all of the about 200 detailed questions the site asks to get a tighter handle on a home 's energy profile .
" We did not want to say , only those that have a smart meter can play , or only those that have a utility that 's partnered with Microsoft on data feeds can play , " he said .
Whether or not that gains traction with homeowners is open to debate , however .
Several sources noted that Microsoft 's success or failure in the field will depend greatly on how much money and manpower it ends up dedicating to the effort .
Batterberry believes that the DOE algorithms , combined with lots and lots of historical data on typical home energy usage patterns , will also make Hohm useful for smaller utilities like rural cooperatives that lack the resources to do their own home energy analysis websites .
Microsoft may also look to partner with telecommunications companies interested in offering energy management services .
Energy management is a growing field of interest for telecoms that see an opportunity to add them onto home entertainment or security systems ( see Verizon to Add Energy Management to FiOS ) .
Hohm will also include natural gas , liquid propane and heating oil usage data , either provided by partner utilities or typed in by homeowners , and is working to integrate water usage data as well , he said .
But eventually , Microsoft envisions a lot more data coming into the system through the smart thermostats and smart plugs it expects to roll out in the next year , he said .
The company is working with " a variety of hardware makers " on the products , which will likely include a WiFi controlled thermostat , though he would n't specify which ones .
Companies making such devices include Tendril , Comverge and a host of other companies ( see The Smart Home , Part I ) .
As for how those devices will communicate , Microsoft is looking at a variety of potential wireless protocols including ZigBee , 6LoWPAN and WiFi , he said .
But the company would remain " protocol - agnostic " as it looks to the market place to select an overall winner , he added .
Eventually , Microsoft envisions using those devices and the Hohm platform as the basis for an energy demand management business , he said .
While Battenberry would n't get into many details of how Microsoft sees that business model emerging , he said it most likely would be through utilities that provide price signals to home systems tuned to shut off certain appliances or turn down air conditioners when prices reach a certain level .
Still , there 's a long road between Hohm 's launch and a demand response business based on home energy control devices , he said .
Deploying home energy monitoring and control devices on a mass scale is likely going to take a decade or more , he said .
An Air France flight personnel holds a candle as he leaves the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , June 3 , 2009 after a religious ceremony in memory of the victims of the missing Air France flight A330 - 200 .
The plane carried 228 people when it disappeared on June 1 , between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
Air France flight personnel pray outside the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , June 3 , 2009 during a religious ceremony in memory of the victims of the missing Air France flight A330 - 200 .
The plane carried 228 people when it disappeared on June 1 , between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
Family members lay flowers as they arrive at the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , June 3 , 2009 to attend a religious ceremony in memory of the victims of the missing Air France flight A330 - 200 .
The plane carried 228 people when it disappeared on June 1 , between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
People pray outside the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , June 3 , 2009 during a religious ceremony in memory of the victims of the missing Air France flight A330 - 200 .
The plane carried 228 people when it disappeared on June 1 , between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife , Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , walk with Archbishop Andre Vingt - Trois ( R ) as they leave the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , June 3 , 2009 after attending a religious ceremony in memory of the victims of the missing Air France flight A330 - 200 .
The plane carried 228 people when it disappeared on June 1 , between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
At top L is Air France - KLM President Jean - Cyril Spinetta .
( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
PARIS , June 3 ( UPI ) -- Aviation authorities said an Air France Buenos Aires - to - Paris flight was was grounded temporarily because of a bomb threat that turned out to be false .
Officials at Buenos Aires ' Ezeiza International Airport delayed an Air France flight from the Argentine city to Paris May 27 after the bomb threat was called in , The Daily Mail reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
Federal police and airport safety officers inspected the plane and cleared it for take - off , Argentine media reported .
The search lasted about 90 minutes , and passengers were not evacuated from the aircraft .
Air France Flight 447 , with 216 passengers and 12 crew members , went off radar about three hours after departing Rio de Janeiro for Paris Monday .
French investigators said wreckage presumably from the plane was found in the Atlantic off the northeastern coast of Brazil .
But when Lagarde looked through her scope she saw none of that .
The delicate lining of the colon was damaged in several places , but it looked as if that injury was a result of oxygen - starved cells caused by the same low blood pressure that made the patient lose consciousness .
So this was n’t a problem of the gastrointestinal tract .
The inability to clot turned a tiny trickle of blood from the injured tissue into a torrent .
So what caused that combination of hypotension and difficulty in clotting ?
Certain severe infections can cause both .
But there was nothing to suggest that she had an infection .
There is a medication — heparin — that can cause a brief period of anticoagulation .
Heparin is an intravenous drug that is used to treat patients who develop harmful clots .
Intentional misuse of the drug seemed unlikely , and Lagarde could n’t imagine any kind of accidental exposure .
But one thing seemed clear : this patient needed a diagnosis before whatever it was that already happened twice happened again .
For doctors , perhaps the most powerful diagnostic tools available are a phone and a friend .
Lagarde immediately thought of Dr. Thomas Duffy .
Duffy was one of the smartest doctors she knew , and he was a hematologist .
When Lagarde reached him , she quickly outlined the case : a middle - aged woman with two episodes of low blood pressure and a temporary loss of the ability to form blood clots .
Did that bring anything to mind ?
The phone was quiet for a moment .
Then Duffy began to talk through his thought process .
The clotting problem did sound like the kind caused by the drug heparin .
But there is a type of white blood cell that makes heparin within the body .
These cells , known as mast cells , also make another chemical , histamine , which , when released in high doses , can cause low blood pressure — the other mysterious symptom this patient had .
Under normal circumstances these mast cells are responsible for allergic reactions like flushing , itching and hives .
( We take antihistamines to block these biological chemicals when we have allergies . )
When there is a huge surge of histamine , the body goes into anaphylactic shock — the most severe form of allergic response with a rapid drop in blood pressure , heart palpitations , nausea and diarrhea , which were all symptoms that this patient exhibited .
“ I think it is very likely that this patient has systemic mastocytosis — I can not think of anything else that would account for this unusual presentation , ” Duffy offered in his elegant manner of speaking .
Systemic mastocytosis is a rare disease in which the body accumulates too many mast cells .
When this population of cells is exposed to certain triggers , they dump their huge stores of histamine , and in rare cases heparin , into the bloodstream , causing anaphylactic shock and blood that cannot clot .
Certain drugs have been shown to stimulate this reaction in mast cells .
This patient had just started taking an antidepressant before coming to the hospital .
Was she taking any medications before her previous attack ?
3. RESOLUTION
Lagarde hurried back to talk with the patient .
Yes , the patient said , she had been started on another antidepressant before her last attack , too .
Lagarde explained Duffy ’s theory concerning systemic mastocytosis to the patient .
There is no cure for this overgrowth of cells , but patients can manage their symptoms by using antihistamines and avoiding medications that are thought to trigger an attack .
The patient followed up with Duffy , who was able to confirm the diagnosis with a blood test and a bone - marrow biopsy .
Since then the patient has carefully avoided antidepressants .
But she occasionally feels her heart flutter and stomach turn , symptoms that indicate that her mast cells are acting up for some reason , and she quickly takes her antihistamines , which rapidly neutralize the histamine and reverse the symptoms .
Thinking back , the patient says she has had these symptoms off and on for years .
Her heart and stomach would flutter ; she would become lightheaded and sometimes a little confused .
Her doctors thought these incidents were an overreaction to stress — panic attacks .
“ I did n’t believe it , but when so many people tell you the same thing you ca n’t help but think they are right , ” she said .
“ I tried everything — yoga , meditation , exercise . ”
None of it worked .
She laughed , then added she now knows that what she really needed was a diagnosis and an antihistamine .
Following on from my look at basic looping syntax in various languages I thought I ’d take a look at various methods of looping in Ocaml to make amends for the Ocaml solution .
gcd is the same as in the previous post .
let rec gcd a b = if b = 0 then a else gcd b ( a mod b ) ; ;
Using one function for one loop is nicer than cramming both into one which felt too much like coding using if and goto .
Most of the solutions use the following recursive function .
let count_for_denom denom = let rec loop num count = if num >= ( denom / 2 + 1 ) then count else loop ( num + 1 ) ( count + if gcd num denom = 1 then 1 else 0 ) in loop ( denom / 3 + 1 ) 0 ;;
The first solution is a pure recursive function .
This is really just mental masturbation – needlessly exchanging loops for more verbose recursion .
let solve_it max_denom = let rec loop denom count = if denom > max_denom then count else loop ( denom + 1 ) count + count_for_denom denom in loop 5 0 ;; Printf . printf " %d solutions
" ( solve_it 10000 ) ; ; $ time ./a.out XXX solutions real 0m1.138s user 0m1.108s sys 0m0.000s
Functional programming includes a bunch of higher level functions such as map and fold .
In a strict language it would be wasteful to construct a list before iterating over it with one of these higher - order functions .
How about a fold - like function that folds over a range of numbers ?
let collector s e acc f = let rec loop s acc = if s > e then acc else loop ( s + 1 ) ( f acc s ) in loop s acc ;; Printf . printf " %d solutions
" ( collector 5 1000 0 ( fun acc denom -> acc + count_for_denom denom ) ) ; ;
Here is one with a reference and a for next loop .
I think this is quite nice – I like that Ocaml is a pragmatic language and includes this kind of stuff .
let count = ref 0 in for i = 5 to 1000 do count := !
count + count_for_denom i done ; Printf . printf " %d solutions
" ! count ;;
And finally the pure nested for loop solution which is about 20 % faster than the recursive versions .
let count = ref 0 in for i = 5 to 10000 do for j = ( i / 3 + 1 ) to ( i / 2 ) do if gcd i j == 1 then count := !
count + 1 done done ; Printf . printf " %d solutions
" ! count ;; $ time ./a.out XXX solutions real 0m0.934s user 0m0.928s sys 0m0.004s
So , is there anything I missed ?
What other types of loops are there in Ocaml ?
CRUFFLER.COM presents HISTORIC FIREARM OF THE MONTH ,
April 2001 :
The T48 Automatic Rifle
The American FAL
T48 Automatic Rifle , Light Barrel
From the first FN English - language T48 Manual
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 158 - The Metric FAL SPECIFICATIONS
Type : Light Automatic Rifle
System of Operation : Gas
Caliber : 7.62 m NATO
Capacity : 20 round box magazine
Sights front : Blade
Sights , rear : Adjustable aperture
Length : 44.6 "
Weight ( loaded ) : 10.62 lbs
Barrel : 21 " , 4 grooves , right hand twist
The conclusion of the Second World War saw the Canada , the United States and Great Britain considering the standardization of their armed forces ' weapons , tactics and training .
This intent was confirmed by British Prime Minister Clement Atlee in a November 18 , 1946 speech .
An agreement was signed between the three countries in 1947 , expressing an intention to standardize everything from screw threads to radar bandwidth , with an emphasis on small arms ammunition ( disparities in which had caused many headaches during the Second World War ) .
Interestingly , it was the junior member of the triumvirate , Canada , that was the motivating force behind the agreement .
Military planners in Canada were very aware of their country 's need to standardize with its alliance partners , as dictated by the relatively small size of the Canadian Army .
British EM - 2 Rifle
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade
Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 14 - North American
FALs
The fly in the Canadian ointment was that the two major alliance partners , the United States and Britain , were working on two very divergent paths with respect to new infantry small arms .
The United States , taking advantage of the development of ball powder , developed what was in essence the .30 M2 cartridge in a package that was 12 mm shorter and somewhat lighter .
It was in no sense an intermediate cartridge .
The British , on the other hand , had been very impressed by the German
wartime 7.92 mm
Kurz intermediate cartridge , and were willing to devote substantial time and energy to the study of practical , aimed selective fire .
By the end of the war , the British no longer considered rifle fire practical beyond 700 yards , and moved wholeheartedly toward developing a low recoil automatic rifle and cartridge that would allow for effective , aimed automatic fire .
To this end , the British Armament Design Establishment ( ADE ) developed the .280/30 cartridge and the radical EM - 2 bullpup rifle to fire it .
Another player came onto the field at around the same time .
Fabrique Nationale ( FN ) , the Belgian small arms giant , had been developing a refinement of Dieudonne Saive 's self loading rifle design ( which later became known as the FN - 49 ) .
The new version featured rapid field stripping , the extensive use of stampings , and a detachable magazine .
It was offered in both a
FN Universal Carbine , 7.92 mm Kurz
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade
Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 23 - The Metric FAL
conventional design and as a " bullpup . "
Both versions , chambered in 7.92 mm Kurz , were offered to the British for evaluation in 1947 .
The British Ministry of Defense approached FN with a request to modify the rifle so that it would fire the .280/30 .
The resultant product was christened the " Lightweight Automatic Rifle " or as the FN documents referred to it , the " Fusil Automatique Legere " ( FAL ) .
T25 Rifle
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade
Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 8 - North American FALs
By early 1950 , the United States was about to adopt Earle Harvey 's T25 rifle chambered for the T65 cartridge .
The British , in the interests of standardization , formally requested a series of trials to compare the relevant designs before any drastic steps were taken .
As a result , a series of trials were held at
the Aberdeen Proving Ground , in Aberdeen , Maryland , from February to April 1950 .
The results of the trials were disappointing , with numerous instances of breakage , malfunctions , and poor performance by all the candidate rifles .
All parties generally agreed that the trials had been held well in advance of the necessary engineering tests ( Many of the problems were traced to incorrect heat treatment , improperly applied protective finishes , and internal parts too closely toleranced . ) , and that this had contributed to the less than stellar results .
What had not changed as a result of the 1950 trials was the American rejection of the British .280/30 concept .
The American team pointed out that the mid-range trajectory of a .280/30 projectile fired at a range of 700 yards was six feet at 200 yards and eight feet at 400 yards , and that this " safety zone " did not exist with the much flatter shooting T65 cartridge .
The Americans managed to forget that the .280/30 was intended for employment at ranges of 600 yards and less .
An official US Army statement issued in 1951 summed up the American feeling on the issue of intermediate cartridges :
The Army is firmly opposed to the adoption of any less effective small caliber cartridge for use in either its present rifle , or in the new weapons being developed .
Any new rifle cartridge must have wounding power , penetration performance , and ballistics at least equal to that in use today .
Battle experience has proven beyond question the effectiveness of the present rifle and ammunition and there have been no changes in combat tactics which would justify a reduction of rifle caliber and power .
Interestingly , the Americans thought that the FAL was the best of the submitted designs , being especially impressed with the ease of field stripping .
The British reaction to the Americans was swift and decisive - in April 1951 Minister of Defence Emanuel Shinwell announced the British Army 's adoption of the EM - 2 rifle and the .280/30 cartridge .
The Canadians , having a vested interest in standardization , were aghast .
Canadian Defence Minister Brooke Claxton called for a meeting at the ministerial level to review the issue prior to the British going forward .
The meeting took place on August 1 , 1950 at the Pentagon .
The Canadians pointed out their strong desire for standardization was one born of necessity .
Canada was already manufacturing .303 and .30 M2 cartridges for NATO member usage - the British adoption of the .280/30 would make three , and if the Americans adopted the T65 , that would be four .
While they registered no preference for which cartridge would be chosen , the production and supply issues demanded that a cartridge be chosen .
The Americans and the British again stated their cased in support of their respective cartridges .
When the meeting was over , the British agreed not to go into production with the EM - 2 pending further trials and talks .
A joint statement was issued that
unanimously agreed that any decision on the adoption of a new round of small arms ammunition would not affect the immediate situation , and that in order to permit the arming of NATO countries as rapidly as possible , the presently accepted standard ammunition and weapons should be continued in production for some time .
. . .as early as practicable , a new round of small arms ammunition should be adopted .
For all intents and purposes , the .280/30 had been shelved .
Over the next few months , a number of attempts were made to bring the parties to a meeting of the minds :
The NATO Standing Group on Rifle Standardization produced yet another set of requirements ; FN offered the 7 mm High Velocity - a US T65 case necked down to 7 mm ; and the British offered the .280/30 necked up to .30 caliber .
Everything was rejected out of hand by US Ordnance .
By mid-1952 , all indications were that the US rifle program was swinging in the direction of the T44 ( which later became the M14 ) .
As a compromise , both the British and FN offered their respective rifles to the Americans for testing chambered for the T65 cartridge .
The rifles underwent tests at Fort Benning , Georgia from August 22 to December 29 , 1952 .
After the results were tabulated , the Army Field Forces Board recommended that both the T44 and FAL rifles be further developed and retested prior to a final decision .
The Board also suggested that the T25 , the T47 , and the EM - 2 be eliminated from consideration .
Furthermore , an order was placed with FN for 3,303 FAL rifles with the latest US test modification suggestions .
These rifles were designated " Rifle , Cal. .30 T48 FN . "
This was the first recorded use of the nomenclature " T48 . "
This was a red-letter day for the FAL .
A procurement on this scale usually indicated that the final stage had been reached in the development process prior to adoption .
The FN rifles were supplied in two forms .
The basic T48's ( 3,103 ) were equipped for semiautomatic operation only .
They were fitted with the standard weight barrel and had stripper clip guides for the early horseshoe style clips on both the dust cover and the receiver bridge .
The US designed flash suppressor with integral bayonet lug was provided .
The remaining 200 rifles , designated the T48E1 , were built with heavy barrels , automatic selector switches , and a bipod .
They also used a different flash suppressor ( lacking a bayonet lug ) , and lacked stripper clip guides .
The handguard on the automatic rifles was beefier on the sides and more open on top to allow for better cooling and ventilation .
Additionally , a folding buttplate was added .
In December of 1953 , the testers at Fort Benning packed up their T44's and T48's and shipped them off to Alaska for arctic weather trials .
The T44's , in the care of Springfield Armory personnel , had been undergoing special preparation for the arctic trials for weeks with the aid of the Armory 's Cold Chamber .
A significant reduction in gas pressure was found to occur in sub-zero temperatures , with the result that gas systems performed much differently than normal .
Accordingly , adjustments were made to the T44's ; gas regulators were redesigned to account for cold and normal firing conditions , magazines buffed and polished internally to improve function , etc .
The T48's received none of this " preparation . "
As a result , while the T44's were performing well in the arctic trials , the unprepared FAL 's began to experience gas system problems immediately .
Ernest Vervier , and FN engineer , was immediately sent to Alaska .
He diagnosed the problem and opened up the rifles ' gas ports .
While this cured the sluggishness , it created additional problems .
The FAL's all demonstrated early and violent extraction , violent ejection , and broken parts as a result of the increased pressures caused by the larger gas ports .
Not surprisingly , the T48's received very poor marks from the arctic test staff .
As a result , the 3,303 T48's being prepared in Belgium created an embarrassing problem as adoption was no longer an immediate possibility .
Instead of being issued for troop trials of the T48 rifle itself , the T48's would be used in an operational research test on the " Practicality of the Single Rifle Concept . "
The trials were designed to see if one rifle system with both light and heavy barrel variants could replace the conventional rifle , carbine , submachinegun and BAR .
While the Single Rifle trials were taking place in the US , events were moving forward in Europe .
In Britain in July 1953 , the British Ministry of Defense formally recommended the adoption of the FAL rifle and the T65 cartridge .
Alliance wide the ammunition standardization question was being resolved .
NATO announced that the new common cartridge would be the US T65 on December 15 , 1953 .
At the Small Arms Ammunition Standardization conference , held in Ottawa in January 1954 , NATO adopted an improved version of the T65 cartridge ( T65E3 ) , giving it the designation 7.62 mm NATO , and detailed specifications were finalized in February 1954 .
The Canadians too adopted the FAL , in January 1954 .
The British adoption of the FAL and the T65 placed the Americans in an awkward position .
It was largely understood that there had at least been an informal agreement that the Americans would adopt the FAL if the British adopted the T65 cartridge .
Back in the United States , the Single Rifle trials were still proceeding , but not without some difficulty .
In order to make modifications required by the 1953 - 1954 arctic tests , the metric drawings supplied by FN first had to be converted to in dimensioning and US manufacturing practices .
The steels described in the FN specifications had to be changed to materials covered by US military standards .
American heat treatment procedures , screw threads , finishing techniques , and nomenclature all had to be substituted for the European .
Springfield Armory was named as the supervisory agency for this effort , and the High Standard Manufacturing Company of Hamden , Connecticut was selected as the prime contractor to carry out the work .
High Standard was also to prescribe changes to the FAL design which would aid in domestic production .
To validate its engineering drawings , High Standard was to build twelve T48's from them .
US Army Ordnance was directed in 1954 to contract for 500 each T44 and T48 rifles , to be made by civilian contractors so as to test the performance of the American made product .
Given that Springfield Armory was developing the T44 , the competing T48 project was transferred to the Boston Ordnance District .
The Boston
Ordnance District awarded a contract on June 16 , 1954 to Harrington & Richardson ( H&R ) , of Worcester , Massachusetts for 500 T48 rifles .
While a few were to be selective fire , the majority were to be semiautomatic , and all in the standard barrel configuration .
Meanwhile , Springfield Armory was to
Early T44 Rifle
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade
Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 80 - North American FALs
produce 500 T44's , with drawings supplied by the Mathewson Tool Company .
H&R sent a team to study the Canadian production methods ( Canada had adopted the FAL in January 1954 ) .
The Canadian drawings were much further advanced and refined than those made by High Standard ; on the other hand , the High Standard drawings included the latest modifications .
As a result , there were some differences between the High Standard and H&R guns .
The High Standards were straight inch scale translations of the original FN Caliber .30 Lightweight Rifle drawings .
They bore the manufacturer 's marking on the right side of the receiver , which read : RIFLE CAL .30 T48 .
Below that was the serial number , which bore a HS prefix .
The H&R rifles were more like the prototype Canadian C1's .
They have a shorter , more rounded trigger than the High Standard guns .
The manufacturer 's marking was on the right side of the receiver and read : HARRINGTON & RICHARDSON , INC .
WORCESTER , MASS .
There was also a marking on the left side of the receiver reading : RIFLE CAL 30 T48 .
There was no serial number prefix on the H&R guns .
The H&R rifles introduced the latest Canadian developments , including the reinforced forward magazine locking tab .
( This feature distinguishes " inch " pattern magazines , and renders them non-interchangeable with Belgian pattern rifles . )
Harrington & Richardson T48 Rifle
Image Credit : Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade
Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 ) Page 80 - North American FALs
Both the T44 and the High Standard produced T48 participated in the US arctic tests in the winter of 1954 - 1955 .
Both were determined to be fit for arctic use , with a slight preference toward the T44 .
On a larger scale , with all three alliance partners ( US , UK , Canada ) standardized on the 7.62 mm NATO , an American decision based on what the US really wanted in a rifle would no longer unduly strain any diplomatic relations - the ammunition standardization question had been by far the most important issue .
From this point on , published US test data would begin to show a marked preference for the T44 .
Not that the T48 contractors did n't do their part .
The April 1955 Fort Benning tests had to be stopped due to dust jams in the High Standard T48's .
Parts that were too closely toleranced had caused serious jamming to happen during the dust and sand tests .
As a result , the T44 was judged better by Army Field Forces Board No. 3 .
During the summer of 1955 , a series of talks were held in Europe .
US representatives visited both the FN factory and the Royal Small Arms Factory at Enfield Lock .
During a five day conference at Enfield , the US representatives learned of the relatively minor modifications ( the " sand cuts " ) that had kept the British test FAL 's from jamming during blown sand test in British Sudan .
The H&R T48's were tested in December 1955 ( H&R had been unable to meet its production schedule ) .
At the conclusion of the tests the Board rated the available weapons as follows :
1. T44
2. T48 ( FN )
3. T48 ( High Standard )
The rest of NATO continued to press for US adoption of the T48 .
The 1956 trials began on schedule using the new H&R T48's , but they immediately failed the standard accuracy test .
Scrutiny revealed that the test guns all had oversized bores due to confusion on H&R 's part .
New barrels were fitted and acceptable accuracy rendered .
Meanwhile , all was not well at the Pentagon .
Frustrated over the trials ' inability to show convincing results in either rifle 's favor , a new series of trials were ordered .
The original T44's and High Standard and FN T48's were ordered to the Fort Benning Combat Course , and from there to the Marine Corps Development Center at Quantico , Virginia .
The rifles had been continually modified by US armorers for " adverse firing conditions " based on recommendations from previous tests , and were to face an accelerated test schedule .
The only result required or desired was :
Assess an extent to which previous deficiencies have been corrected in each weapon , and reliability exhibited by each type .
The report for the tests at Fort Benning stated :
- Malfunctions were considerably lower for each type
- Both the T48 and the T44 were better than the M1 Garand rifle
- The T44 was one pound lighter than the T48 or the M1 and had fewer component parts
- The T44 had only one gas setting , the FN had 3
- The similarity of the T44 to the M1 would make a changeover easier
What it did NOT do was to express a preference for one over the other , but instead , found both suitable .
As a result , the decision wound up on the desk of the chief of staff of the US Army .
Weighing heavily in favor of the T44 was the fact that it was a pound lighter than the T48 , as well as the idea that due to its similarity to the M1 , it could be manufactured on existing machinery ( In the event , this turned out to be false ; new machinery was needed ) .
The adoption of the T48 was seen as a high cost , high risk affair .
Consequently , on May 1 , 1957 , Secretary of the Army Wilbur Bruckner announced the adoption of a new standard rifle for the US Army .
The T44 was henceforth to be known as the US Rifle , 7.62 mm , M14 .
With the conclusion of the American FAL program , the T48's in inventory were stored , given away to museums , or simply cut up into scrap .
The other NATO members were disappointed at the American decision to reject the FAL in favor of the M14 .
The only positive result of their time and effort was the adoption of the 7.62 mm NATO cartridge .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Stevens , R. Blake , The FAL Rifle , ( Collector Grade Publications , Cobourg , Ontario : 1993 )
The FAL Rifle is available from Collector Grade Publication .
Click on the image to order :
The superior general of the Christian Brothers , Brother Philip Pinto , has stated that the congregation is “ ashamed and humbled , ” and is calling on the Brothers to “ seek forgiveness ” from victims of child abuse in Ireland .
Ireland ’s recently released 2,600 - page Ryan Commission Report into abuse in Christian Brothers - run schools in the country found that rape was “ endemic ” in over 250 Irish Catholic institutions from the 1930s to the 1990s , and the Church protected abusers from arrest .
In the wake of these findings , Br. Pinto , the world head of the Christian Brothers , sent a letter to the Congregation .
“ I ask our Brothers to join with me in this exercise of reaching out to former residents of our residential institutions , ” he wrote .
“ I am asking that we begin to dialogue with these hurt groups and see how we are able to use our resources to bring healing to them .
“ People who are hurt want to know that their cries have been heard , that what happened was not their fault , and that we want to set things right .
“ As we read the report we were all dismayed at the findings and what they revealed about the harshness we were guilty of and the depravity of some of our Brothers .
“ It is all too easy to dismiss the report as exaggeration , as not telling the whole truth .
To do so is to evade the awful truth presented to us .
This is our sin and all of us are guilty . ”
Br. Pinto went on to say that the Brothers “ forgot ” God , and are in need of “ deep soul - searching . ”
“ We all need to take time to look at the report , study it and see what went wrong for us , ” he said .
“ How could we have strayed so much from the compassionate vision of Blessed Edmund ?
“ For me the answer is very simple : we strayed from the gospel experience at the heart of what Blessed Edmund did , from the spiritual core of who we are .
We forgot the God who gave us birth . ”
Br. Pinto is calling for an annual day of prayer and fasting for the Christian Brothers , suggesting the date of June 27 .
While many of the changes present in betas of Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard have been discussed at length by Apple followers , one tester has taken to the web with observations on some of the more subtle refinements spread through the most recent build of the next - gen operating system .
AppleInsider reader inewton1974 pointed us to an annotated Flickr album of nearly four dozen Snow Leopard screenshots he published a bit earlier in the week .
He begins by noting that the software 's setup assistant will now warn users if they do n't supply a password hint and claims that QuickLook capabilities have been built into universal Open and Save dialog windows .
Another interesting discovery is Apple 's use of transition effects within the new Cocoa - based Finder .
In particular , the Clean Up command for tidying Finder windows reportedly " slides " icons into place instead of shifting them abruptly .
This is described as a " a neat visual effect , " and several others similar to it are likely to follow .
The Finder also present an slider control for resizing icons in the lower right - hand corner of windows displayed in icon mode , as can be seen in the first screenshot below .
Additionally , it 's noted that a QuickTime preference pane is absent from Snow Leopard , as are any preferences from within the QuickTime X Player itself , leading to renewed speculation that Apple may do away with its premium QuickTime Pro offering entirely .
A series of screenshots with inewton1974 's observations follows :
Updates to the Date & Time preference pane will let Snow Leopard users display the time and date ( or day of the week ) side - by - side in the Mac OS X menubar :
Time Zone preferences have also seen an overhaul .
Each time zone is highlighted as a user moves their mouse cursor across the map .
And as previously note , users will have the option to have their time zone updated automatically with help of Snow Leopard 's new Core Location framework .
Users who prefer not to have their Mac 's location identified via Core Location can switch the option off via the general security preferences .
The same preference pane also introduce a handy new feature that will let users adjust the time interval between when their Mac goes to sleep ( or activates a screen saver ) and when their password will be required to regain access .
For instance , you could set your screen to dim after 10 minutes of inactivity but not lock down the system and require a password prompt for 45 minutes .
In current versions of the Mac OS , there 's no separation of these features .
iCal now has account preferences for adding Microsoft Exchange accounts , per Apple 's plans to build support for the messaging software into Mac OS X as it has done on the iPhone .
Similarly , Address Book new Account preferences for syncing contacts with Exchange , Mobile Me , Yahoo and Google services .
Scanner Sharing appears to be a new option in Snow Leopard 's Sharing preference pane :
If you do n't have a mouse connected to your Mac and then launch the new Mouse preference pane , Snow Leopard will begin searching for a wireless one :
Below is a capture of QuickTime X Player 's HUDless movie playback presentation :
The new Player software will also let users upload movie files to YouTube or their Mobile Me accounts :
The same software also provides both basic video and audio editing ( trimming ) :
In Snow Leopard , Software Update 's " Installed Updates " tab has been renamed " Installed Software , " possibly foreshadowing a move by Apple to provide new software downloads via the built - in mechanism rather than just updates :
A handful of changes are also in store for Snow Leopards Preferences , namely a separation of the Keyboard & Mouse preferences , a relocation of Bluetooth preferences from " Hardware " to a new section called " Internet & Wireless , " and a renaming of the " International " preferences to " Language & Text . "
This new " Language and Text " preference pane paves the way for the previously reported global text substitution feature and setting individual input sources for each document that 's open :
Split Terminal options also appear to be new :
Automator 's welcome dialog has been re-tooled .
Instead of picking the kind of task to perform as a template , users now choose what kind of workflow they want to make .
An option to create a system " Service " also stands out :
Preview preferences have been overhauled :
Firewall preferences exist for automatically allowing signed software to receive incoming connections :
QuickLook video previews also work in Snow Leopard Get Info dialogs :
T he U.S could have cap - and - trade legislation in place in a matter of months .
Meanwhile , the Harper government is waiting to see what the Americans do before deciding what it should do to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
But Premier Ed Stelmach served notice recently that Alberta has a mind of its own when it comes to climate - change policies and does n't intend to go along quietly .
In a speech to the party faithful gathered in Calgary for a policy conference , Stelmach made it clear that if the federal government imposes a national cap - and - trade system – effectively a carbon tax – Alberta intends to use its muscle to demand something in return .
Stelmach knows that if the federal government makes emitters pay , Alberta industries will have to cough up a lot of money because , per capita , Alberta spews much more carbon into the atmosphere than any other province thanks to all the coal - fired electricity , tar - sands development and other activities in the oil - and - gas sector .
For Stelmach , and many Albertans , any kind of carbon tax is seen as an attack on the bedrock of the province 's prosperous economy .
High carbon counts are seen as a sign of success , not failure .
That argument has been used many times before as Alberta tried to defend itself from federal government policies such as the National Energy Program in the 1980s , and Canada 's ratification of the Kyoto accord in the 2002 .
But this time around , according to Stelmach , Alberta has way more muscle .
There is no doubt , he told his audience , that Alberta is now the engine of the entire Canadian economy .
Consequently , Canada is becoming more and more dependent on the taxes paid by Alberta industry , and individual Albertans , to fund pensions , health care and national defence .
" The numbers speak for themselves , " Stelmach said .
" Over the past decade Albertans made a net contribution to Canada of $ 117 billion .
In 2008 alone , 3.5 million Albertans – that 's less than the population of Toronto – sent to Ottawa over $ 17 billion more in taxes than we received back in services and transfers .
On a personal level , it 's as if every man , woman and child in the province wrote a cheque to Ottawa for $ 4,800 . "
According to Stelmach 's numbers , a decade ago Albertans received 70 cents out of every dollar collected by the federal treasury ; last year they received barely 50 cents .
The trend is clear , the premier said .
If the federal government chooses to damage Alberta 's economy with a carbon tax , " who buys lunch " ?
Who will help Ontario as it struggles to adapt to new economic realities ?
Stelmach made it clear that the costs of any national climate - change policy will have to be shared across the country .
He did n't say exactly what he meant by that but the audience applauded thunderously ; they did n't seem to want to continue picking up most of the tab , either .
Stelmach is obviously gearing up for a standoff with the federal government – whether it be Stephen Harper 's Conservatives or Michael Ignatieff 's Liberals .
He seems to have conceded that there will in fact be a national carbon tax of some sort because that 's what the Americans want .
But he 's not willing to simply funnel more money out of the province without a fight .
It 's not exactly a cheerful message for Canadians coping with the reduced expectations and daily frustrations that a recession brings on .
But it 's a message they can expect to hear from Alberta over and over again in the months to come .
Gillian Steward is a Calgary writer and journalist , and former managing editor of the Calgary Herald .
Her column appears every other week .
The bombings on 7 July 2005 , which killed 56 people and injured 784 , England 's worst terrorist atrocity , are the subject of one of the most difficult programmes in the Conspiracy Files series .
Difficult because it is still an understandably sensitive subject for survivors and relatives of victims .
But I also think it is important to investigate the conspiracy theories that continue to develop around 7 July attacks , because they play on the fears of the Muslim community and spread a highly divisive and damaging message .
The programme carefully and analytically works through the allegations and the evidence to separate fact from fiction .
There have been three official reports into the bombings .
However , a host of internet films continue to scrutinise every word and every picture for signs of a hidden truth .
The programme , to be shown on BBC Two at 9 pm on Tuesday 30 June shows that on one occasion one sceptic was right and spotted a significant error in the Home Office narrative .
The government had to apologise for suggesting in a report , nearly a year after the attacks , that the four bombers had boarded a train which had actually been cancelled .
However , crucially the government insists the bombers were still able to get to London on time , because they caught an earlier train , which was delayed leaving Luton .
Internet videos question the official account , suggesting the British government has deceived people into thinking four suicide bombers carried out the attacks .
Some go even further and allege the British government was involved .
The latest Conspiracy Files programme films one notorious conspiracy video being played at the Birmingham Central Mosque and sees first hand how conspiracy theories have found favour among some Muslims .
One opinion poll by Gfk NOP for Channel 4 , two years after 7 July attacks , found that around a quarter of British Muslims questioned thought the government or MI5 were involved in the bombings .
Rachel North , who survived the bomb on the Piccadilly line , tells the programme that the conspiracy theories need to be countered for that very reason :
" If people in mosques think that the Government is so antagonistic towards them that they 're actually willing to frame them for a monstrous crime they did n't commit what does that do to levels of trust ?
That is a problem for the government and for everybody in this country . "
Brian Paddick , who was Metropolitan Police Deputy Assistant Commissioner at the time of 7 July 2005 , argues it is important to counteract the conspiracy theories :
" Programmes like this may be very controversial but hopefully there will be people in the police service and in the security service and in government who will realize how important conspiracy theories are .
And how important it is to try and prevent further atrocities that every attempt is made to try and counteract them . "
Mike Rudin is series producer of The Conspiracy Files .
The Conspiracy Files : 7/7
is on Tuesday 30 June at 9 pm on BBC Two .
1. The Visionary : St. Margaret Mary Alacoque Margaret Mary Alacoque grew up in a family of fervid cheese - haters , which was n't exactly unusual for the time .
Cheese had a bad reputation in 17th - century Europe .
People all across the continent were horrified by its stench and denounced it as indigestible .
They blamed the fermented curd for everything from sickness to moral corruption .
So , when Margaret Mary 's brother took her to join a convent in Burgundy , France , in 1671 , he secured one key condition for her stay - that under no circumstances should she be compelled to eat cheese .
And yet , as soon as he left , the nuns started leaning on poor Margaret Mary .
Like self - flagellation and celibacy , they believed eating cheese was a way of mortifying the flesh - giving up earthly pleasures to be closer to God.
Margaret Mary struggled for days to overcome her fear .
She wept ; she writhed ; she wished for death .
Then , at last , she decided she had to " conquer or die . "
So , Margaret Mary prayed for strength and ate some cheese .
Unfortunately , her experience with the dairy was as horrendous as she 'd feared .
Margaret Mary later recalled , " I have never felt such repugnance to anything . "
Still , for eight years after that first trial , she ingested cheese every single day as an ascetic ritual .
And as the years passed , her visions intensified .
Today , St. Margaret Mary Alacoque is known for her vision of the Sacred Heart - the image of Christ 's heart pierced , aflame , and crowned with thorns .
Such momentous revelations do n't come easy , and she could n't have done it without the vile cheese .
2 . The Intellectual : Sor Juana Inés
De la Cruz Meanwhile , across the ocean in the 1650s , a Mexican girl named Juana was struggling with the opposite problem .
Little Juana was an aspiring scholar and , like most children , loved eating cheese .
But when she heard it would make her stupid - a superstition of the time - she was forced to choose between her appetite and her intellect .
Juana renounced the delicious dairy , proving that her " desire to know was stronger than the desire to eat . "
Unencumbered by butterfat and lactose , her intellect flourished .
By the time she was 8 years old , Juana had taught herself to read Plato , Aristophanes , and Erasmus in Latin .
At age 13 , she was paraded around the Spanish courts as a child prodigy .
She wrote volumes of prose and poetry , from religious verse to scientific treatises , and earned the moniker " The Tenth Muse . "
And though she had many suitors , Juana took the veil at age 18 , giving up men in addition to her favorite food .
Sor Juana
Inés de la Cruz is revered today as a proto - feminist and the first female theologian of the Americas .
Although she never regretted the sacrifices she made for her studies , a certain longing always remained in Sor Juana .
As an old woman , she wrote , " I envoy those who say that the urge to study has cost them nothing , " and perhaps heaving a sigh for the lost cheese of her youth , she added , " The desire to know has cost me dearly . "
3 . The Martyr : St. Perpetua
In the the early 3rd century , Vivia Perpetua converted to Christianity , even though the Roman emperor Severus had outlawed the fledgling religion .
Perpetua was arrested , and she faced a grim decision - either renounce Christ or meet a gruesome death .
Perpetua chose the latter .
While she stewed in prison before her execution , she experienced a vision of a white - bearded shepherd who offered her some sheep 's milk cheese .
In the dream , Perpetua ate the cheese .
Then , just as she heard the word " Amen , " she awoke to the taste of overwhelming sweetness .
The vision of heavenly curd reassured her of God 's purpose and prepared Perpetua to die for her faith , which she soon did .
Perpetua was publicly flogged , trounced by a cow , and then hacked to death in a botched decapitation .
But the account of her vision - believed to be the first Christian text written by a woman - inspired millions and secured her legacy as one of the most influential martyrs in history .
4 . The Gambler : Diana Duyser of Florida
Even in our jaded and secular age , cheese has n't quite lost its religious relevance .
In 1994 , a humble Floridian named Diana Duyser bit into her grilled cheese sandwich and was shocked to see the face of the Virgin Mary staring back at her .
Although initially frightened by the image , Duyser composed herself and stashed the holy leftover in a plastic box filled with cotton balls .
Then she placed the box at her bedside table and left it there for a decade .
According to Duyser , those 10 years were filled with good luck as she won regularly at local casinos .
More impressively , her grilled sandwich did n't mold .
In 2004 , Duyser decided to share her miracle with the world and posted the sandwich on eBay .
To the bewilderment of many , it sold for $ 28,000 .
The buyer , Golden Palace online casino , appreciated its pop-culture significance and showcased the grilled cheese until 2006 .
Today , the holy sandwich resides in a safe deposit box in Austin , Texas .
Golden Palace proudly claims it still has n't decayed .
Although Duyser has been ridiculed for her devotion to a grilled cheese sandwich , her faith has never wavered .
" I would like all people to know that I do believe that this is the Virgin Mary Mother of God , " she insists .
And while money and fame have faded with Duyser , she still carries with her a timeless memento of her little cheese miracle - a tattoo of the sandwich inscribed near her heart , paid for by GoldenPalace.com ( Photo : AP via BBC News )
Arlen Specter ’s party switch is n’t all that startling .
Richard Shelby and Ben Nighthorse Campbell switched to the Republicans right after the 1994 election , without ( as far as I know ) facing the same kind of primary challenge .
But this switch is especially important , because once Al Franken finally gets seated it will give the Democrats the magic 60 number .
The way is now open to a seriously progressive agenda .
What strikes me , however , is the extent to which this is a self - inflicted wound .
If Pat Toomey of the Club for Growth were n’t so diligent about enforcing supply - side purity ; if Republicans had n’t made Rush Limbaugh the effective head of the party ; Specter might still be GOP , and the Obama agenda much more limited .
Instead , though , we have a party that seems to be in a death spiral : the smaller it gets , the more it ’s dominated by the hard right , which makes it even smaller .
In the long run , this is not good for American democracy – we really do need two major parties in competition .
But I ’ll settle for getting that back after we get universal health care and cap - and - trade .
Exclusive Oracle 's senior management has expressed its love for Sun Microsystems ' software and hardware but warned tough decisions are coming on what people and products stay .
President Charles Phillips and chief corporate architect Edward Screven have committed to keeping Java open and to not killing MySQL .
They also mocked the idea Oracle would simply shut down or close off certain technologies and talked tough on Oracle 's smarts as a hardware vendor .
The pair were participating in a town - hall meeting with chief executive Jonathan Schwartz for Sun employees at the company 's Menlo Park , California campus on Wednesday .
While expressing his admiration for Sun 's engineering talent during the event , Phillips said that it 's too early to know which staff would be getting chopped or will stay with Oracle , but that cuts are coming .
" It 's early days to be talking about exactly who will fill what slot , " Phillips warned .
" We know there are tons of talented people here .
We can't run the company without those talented people .
People build some of these products - we need them .
We will make the tough decisions as the right time comes along - but we do recognize we need help . "
He noted there had been no decision on which members of Sun 's current board will be joining Oracle if the proposed $ 5.6 bn acquisition goes through .
Screven , a 23 - year Oracle veteran who reports directly to chief executive Larry Ellison , threw out one bone , noting a large number of Oracle employees have joined through its four - year long acquisition spree .
" We really look for the top talent and top products .
We are completely dispassionate about were they Oracle before or not , " Screven said .
The meeting came two days after Oracle announced its plan to purchase Sun .
It 's Oracle 's second pass at Sun , following an earlier joint proposal with Hewlett - Packard - blocked by IBM - that would have seen HP get Sun 's hardware and Oracle buy Sun 's software .
Asked specifically about the future of OpenOffice by one Sun employee , Phillips said he could n't comment on any product line or set but noted it 's something Oracle will be examining .
Sun is the largest contributor to OpenOffice.org and has made a principle of using the suite as its corporate standard for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations .
With an email and productivity offering of its own - and given OpenOffice lags Microsoft Office by years - the omens for OpenOffice are not good , even though - Schwartz claimed - " the point 's not lost on Oracle we are adding three million users a week . "
In the latest issue of OK ! , Ashley Tisdale makes it clear that she 's moving on from High School Musical .
While the young singer / actress is grateful for that franchise , she 's also looking ahead to a successful , more mature career on screen .
Read on to see what she has to say about body image , friends and love ...
On being thin : “ I ’ve been very skinny my whole life ...
I do n’t really like this look .
I like curves — I think that ’s more beautiful ...
I look at Jessica Alba and think she ’s got a great body .
I think that ’s what women are supposed to look like . ”
On gal pals : “ It ’s important to have girlfriends , because guys tend to come and go ...
I hang out with Miley Cyrus and Vanessa Hudgens a lot and watch chick flicks and I listen to music like Pink ’s ‘ So What ’ and Britney Spears ’ ‘ Out From Under . ’
That helps me move on faster .
Miley ’s a big sweetheart .
She ’s stayed true to herself and has n’t changed for how huge she is .
She ’s always there to listen . ”
On her ideal man : “ I ’m a big romantic , so I love guys who are romantic too .
I think it ’s important to be with someone that you can be yourself around .
I need a guy that I can hang out with in sweats and no makeup and still feel comfortable and beautiful .
Someone who ’s trustworthy . ”
So , Ashley , is that guy named Scott Speer ?
Click on the Ashley Tisdale pics above to enlarge photos of this rising star .
1944 : George Lucas is born in agricultural Modesto , California .
He is a below - average student in high school , but rebounds to become one of the most successful independent directors and producers in film history .
Lucas had a passion for modding and racing cars that came to an end after he totaled his Autobianchi Bianchina days before graduation from Downey High .
After that fateful crash , Lucas picked up a camera and never looked back .
He enrolled in Modesto Community College and commuted to San Francisco to soak up the experimental 16 mm films of Stan Brakhage , Bruce Conner and others .
He eventually met famed cinematographer Haskell Wexler , who became his first mentor .
After transferring to USC film school , he met more filmmakers , including school dean and famous montagist Slavko Vorkapich , as well as students like Steven Spielberg and Francis Ford Coppola .
Lucas and Coppola formed the indie studio American Zoetrope in 1969 .
Lucas ' first film for the fledgling enterprise was the underrated sci- fi dystopia THX - 1138 , a feature - length adaptation of his award - winning USC student short Electronic Labyrinth : THX - 1138 4EB .
It was not an outright success , but its fearsome vision of a futurist society governed by dispassionate machines intent on eradicating freedom and individuality would reappear in Lucas ' world - beating franchise : Star Wars .
One thing that THX - 1138 did not do was make money .
That accomplishment was left to Lucas ' second feature , the nostalgic ' 60s comedy American Graffiti , which not only was nominated for several Academy Awards , including Best Picture and Best Director , but also spawned the successful television spin - off Happy Days .
Flush with cash and clout , Lucas founded Lucasfilm in Marin County , California , in 1971 .
It would go on to birth special - effects pioneers Industrial Light and Magic , audio innovators Skywalker Sound , the high - fidelity sound reproduction standard THX , game peddler LucasArts and Pixar , the award - winning animation studio bought in 1986 by Apple guru Steve Jobs .
Since its 1971 founding , Lucasfilm has produced or co-produced work that is alternately amazing ( American Graffiti , the Indiana Jones franchise ) , underrated ( Willow , Tucker : A Man and His Dream , Mishima : A Life in Four Chapters ) and forgettable ( Howard the Duck , which Lucas quickly disowned after its 1986 release ) .
But it was his spiritual space - opera Star Wars that took Lucas from cinema standout to cultural and business influential .
After pitching 1977's Star Wars : A New Hope to studios , he found only one taker , 20th Century Fox 's Alan Ladd Jr .
Lucas sweetened the deal by waiving his up - front director 's fee in favor of 40 percent of the box - office receipts and full ownership of the merchandising rights , which proved to be a prophetically savvy move :
The epochal success of Star Wars netted Lucas hundreds of millions in revenue , setting the stage for the franchising and licensing deals that we now take for granted .
The stunning Empire Strikes Back and Ewok - infested closer Return of the Jedi followed shortly thereafter , sealing Lucas ' reputation for good as a sci- fi heavyweight .
After holding off the horde for years , he finally caved and revisited the franchise with a intensely anticipated prequel trilogy .
From 1999 to 2005 , Lucasfilm released live - action installments alternately considered amazing ( Revenge of the Sith ) , underrated ( The Phantom Menace ) and forgettable ( Attack of the Clones ) .
Also in the mix was compelling animated TV programming like Genndy Tartakovky 's stunning 2003 series Star Wars : Clone Wars and its currently airing CGI counterpart .
As Forbes ' last count , the films — along with their lucrative multiverse - encompassing toys , games , comics , and other paraphernalia and ephemera — have earned around $ 20 billion .
Lucas himself — recession notwithstanding — is still worth about three of those cool billions .
But those are just his artistic and technical achievements .
Whether he 's championing an educational wireless - broadband network at the U.S. Capitol , donating to the Martin Luther King Memorial on the National Mall , throwing his weight behind Barack Obama , or lavishly funding the film school that gave him his break , Lucas is plugged into not just art and tech but also politics and education .
What he did n't do is name the street on which Lucasfilm 's sprawling Skywalker Ranch is located — well - known as 5858 Lucas Valley Road to industrious fanboys .
That address was a pure coincidence .
Or , perhaps , the will of The Force .
Happy Birthday , o Master Jedi .
Sources : Wikipedia , IMDb , Pixar , Lucasfilm
* Photo : George Lucas at Skywalker Ranch
Photographer : Michael Elins /* Wired magazine
See Also :
Gallery : George Lucas ' Biggest Hits and Misses____
Meet Leland Chee , the Star Wars Franchise Continuity Cop
Star Wars Lights Up the Pumpkin Patch
Gallery : Star Wars , Aliens and Outta - This - World Lines at Comic - Con
May 14 , 1796 : Jenner Tests Vaccination on Human Subject
May 14 , 1939 : A 5 - Year - Old Becomes Youngest Mother on Record
June 6 , 1944 : Artificial Harbor Paves the Way for Normandy Invasion
June 13 , 1944 : V - 1 Rocket Ushers in a New Kind of Warfare
Aug. 7 , 1944 : Still a Few Bugs in the System
March 23 , 1983 : Reagan Taunts Russians With ' Star Wars ' Plan
— Dustin Hamilton , protocolstack.org
“ The funniest thing I 've seen in some time . ”
We know , we know .
You wanted the review sooner .
Well , you know what ?
It ’s here now and we ’ve busted through this handset like a Japanese tourist with an SLR in Times Square .
So how does the Pre stack up against the competition ?
Can it contend with the top - of - line smartphones that are currently on the market ?
Will it end world hunger and bring Isaac Hayes back ?
Read on for the world ’s first hands on review of the Palm Pre !
UPDATE : While we believe the OS the Palm Pre is running is the final retail OS , there ’s still some stuff missing from it .
Additionally , the hardware unit itself is 100 % a retail unit , yet we were n’t able to test things like phone calling for obvious reasons ( uh , you call this a review and you ca n’t test the damn phone ? ) .
We planned all along to actually do a more thorough review with a retail unit at release , just like we ’re doing with the BlackBerry Tour 9630 .
But in the interest of being transparent , we figured we ’d update this post and let you guys know that another entire review will be coming .
Thanks !
Palm ’s Mission :
Before we jump into the really , really good parts , we thought it was important to recap the “ magic ” that Palm has done its best to create .
Announced at CES 2009 , the Pre was instantly a media smash .
At least in the tech world .
Journalists , bloggers , consumers , prosumers , even corporate users all wet their pants with excitement in anticipation of the Palm Pre .
In the midst of a recession that had slowed most of the tech world down to a crawl , the Pre was a shining beacon of light that represented the most exciting new mobile phone since the iPhone .
The problem is , that was six months ago and the average person can’t pay attention to something for longer than 52 seconds .
Dedicated
Pre blogs and a small breed of new fanboys are still on fire of course , but that is hardly a sure sign of commercial success .
The question is , has Palm been successful in creating hype with the average consumer ?
Here we are roughly 8 days away from the launch date and its looking like even if the answer to that question is yes , Palm and Sprint wo n’t have enough inventory to make the launch a success .
Screen :
The screen is where the Palm Pre shines .
Selections take little to no effort and there ’s that oh - so - magical water ripple effect when actually touching the display .
It ’s vibrant , rich and all around really clear .
Like we said in our Pre-view ( har , har ) , we ’d rate it just behind the iPhone ’s glass capacitive touch screen — it ’s that close to being perfection .
The size difference between the two is really noticeable however , with the Pre having a 3.1 inch display , but as you ’ll read on later , this makes the device much more pocketable .
Just know that as high as your hopes are for the Pre right now , the vibrant display is one area where you will most definitely not be let down .
Keyboard :
It ’s really not good .
My hands are n’t that big ( I can type faster than you could ever dream on a BlackBerry , iPhone or E71 ) and my thumb literally takes up 3 or 4 keys on the keyboard .
There ’s less space in between each key than say , a BlackBerry Curve 8300 keyboard , and the texture takes some time to get used to .
It ’s a rubberized coating kind of like the Centro and Treo Pro , and while the keys are a bit harder ( better ) , the coating could possibly get irritating as usage increases .
It ’s really such an important area that could n’t afford to be messed with and we ’ll admit it … we ’re a little let down .
You ’re going after the big guns here , and this is kind of disappointing .
You ca n’t compete with RIM in the keyboard area and you ca n’t compete with Apple in the soft - keyboard area , so how are people going to enjoy using your product when the data entry is n’t perfection ?
It ’s like buying a brand new Ferrari , but getting an Accord steering wheel .
It ’s not the end of the world , but it is n’t greatness .
Size :
The size of the handset itself is wonderful .
Really no complaints .
It ’s fits perfectly in your hand and Palm did a great job blending an awesome touchscreen with a separate multi- touch gesture area , sliding design , and everything else together in this package .
It ’s a happy medium between something larger like a Sidekick and smaller like a BlackBerry Pearl .
As far as portability , it fits perfectly in your pocket and some people will love that the phone is so compact when closed — it ’s really crazy small .
Feel :
This is an important area when designing a phone .
Besides working like you had hoped , you want people to feel like they are holding a quality product , especially when talking about such a high - end product .
Well , forget a high - end product , how about the product that everyone is counting on turning your company around ?
To be honest , the device feels a little cheap .
The edges of the bottom piece are sharp on the back of the screen and even worse , when sliding it up and down , the top part that houses the screen will sometimes catch on itself .
It feels good in your hand , but the actual build quality really leaves a lot to be desired .
One of our friends that checked it out over here said it felt like a Fisher Price toy .
We would n’t go that far , but it really seems to be constructed with lower - grade materials compared to other flagship phones .
One of the things that might be throwing us off is that it just feels so light .
It ’s an odd thing to happen when you ’re expecting to be heavier than you ’d imagine .
Normally heavier = higher quality , but we ’ll have to put the Pre through our usual battery of tests to really determine what ’s going on here .
The takeaway should be that it ’s really light , feels a tad less expensive than we would have liked , and not as polished as it could have been .
OS :
WebOS itself is off to a great start we think .
Taking the hardware aspects of the Palm Pre completely out of the equation , it has a bunch of potential .
Especially with being public version numero uno .
It will be interesting to see how developers try to take advantage of the operating system , yet we ca n’t help but feel it ’s going to be iPhone web apps all over again until Palm releases an SDK that lets everyone ( not just special partners ) access areas of the OS that are needed to create applications that are n’t just “ fluff ” .
Granted
Pre apps will be a whole lot better than iPhone web apps ever were ; it ’s disheartening to see something like this happen out of the gate though .
They will never be able to compete with the Symbian , Android , BlackBerry and iPhone app stores and services like this .
But do n’t worry too much — we ’re sure Palm will come around in due time and release an SDK that gives devs access to everything !
It ’s just not optimal out of the gate , that ’s all .
Switching gears , Synergy is so cool in itself .
Well , the concept part of it .
We have n’t linked everything together yet , but we ’re not sure if Palm ’s got the right approach .
I mean , I ’d like my Facebook contacts in a Facebook application , not in my main contacts app mixed with my Exchange and personal contacts .
Obviously you can just not link Facebook , but the point is that centralizing data is n’t the end - all answer to our problems .
It ’s just that we have to create and manage them in a clean and organized manner .
Hey , what about Universal Search ?
Well , it works ok .
We guess .
It ’s great they added a Twitter option to it instead of just Google , Wikipedia , and Google Maps , but what good is it when it just launches the respective web page for anything not stored locally ?
We also wish this could be 3rd party customizable .
Imagine being able to integrate your favorite services into the Universal Search card .
One thing we did n’t tell you in our Hands
On was that during our first photo session , the device completely reset .
Like , wiped clean reset .
We had to go through the entire setup process and get the phone up and running .
Since we did n’t use an account , we ’re not sure how the backup / restore function works ( we have n’t tested it yet is what we mean ) , but everything looks to be tied to a Palm account including IM services , etc .
No word on whether or not this is the final shipping OS , though .
We hope not .
Multimedia :
On the unit we received , Multimedia was unable to be explored .
It simply linked to non-existent help files ( just like the webOS SDK Emulator does ) .
We ’re pretty sure after 10 years Palm has learned how to make an MP3 player , though , so we ’ll just give them this one at no charge .
Battery life :
To be really fair , we have n’t been able to really put this thing through the ringer in regards to battery life .
When we first got it , it had a pretty low charge of around 30 % and that lasted for about two and a half hours of us taking photos , going through different options , etc .
Take that for what you will but we do n’t see a problem with Palm ’s quoted battery life and from other reports , the battery is a pretty decent at keeping you going throughout the day .
It is obviously removable which will make a bunch of you either jealous or angries , but for the rest of us , a quick swaparoo means you wo n’t need to lug around a solar charger in your pants .
* Gasp *
Browser :
The browser for the most part renders pages properly and pretty quickly .
It took around 15 - 20 seconds to pull up BGR over Sprint ’s EV - DO connection but navigating is a little bit of a problem .
We found that zooming in and out did n’t produce a smooth effect , rather it simply increased the size of the page sort of how Internet Explorer zooms in .
Panning around was crisp though and the browser was incredibly responsive .
It has n’t locked up on us a single time which is pretty impressive considering we beat it up quite a bit , and with plenty of other stuff running as well .
Additionally , the accelerometer was absolutely positively instant .
The Pre switches between portrait and landscape more than lightning fast , no question , and we can definitely see motion - controlled gaming playing a big role for this little guy .
Granted , you know , that little SDK thing happens we talked about earlier …
Applications :
To be honest , there were n’t too many applications to explore here .
The App Catalog was empty so we were left scrounging around anything that ’s preloaded .
Google Maps was something that will come with every unit so we checked that out first .
It works really well .
Loading was quick and the location feature and GPS integration was effortless ( not just Google Maps but the GPS works really well on this handset ) .
We ventured deeper and deeper into webOS and you know what we found ?
The PDF Viewer !
It actually is pretty solid but all the Document - related apps on here are viewing capable only , not editors .
But that ’s coming later with DataViz .
The Media application layout looks really clean as well , you know , before you click something and are taken to the ominous
Help files that do n’t exist yet .
The YouTube application that you have all seen by now has an awesome layout and we could see it being used very frequently with no issues .
Conclusion :
Everyone ’s expectation are set enormously high for this device and it really feels like the original iPhone launch again .
Well , maybe not quite as insane but still .
Palm has done a masterful job of crafting and molding the hype factor , but there seems to be an underlying issue .
In being so secretive , they ’ve let people ’s imaginations run wild and expectations could n’t possibly be higher .
The OS is great .
There ’s no ifs ands or buts ; it ’s really refreshing to see something that ’s brand new with a UI unlike anything else out there .
The only problem with this is , Palm ’s never been a hardware company that anyone ’s really cared about .
They have been the furthest thing from innovative since circa -2003 — their hardware has always been second rate at best and it does n’t seem to be changing now .
Couple that with the nation ’s underdog carrier at a $ 299 price - point ( before rebate ) , and we ’re not sure how many people are going to be lined up overnight , yet we ’re pretty confident once people are able to play a real unit themselves , there will be more than a lot of happy Palm Pre customers .
Once the initial
Pre launch is over and done with and all the hype , smoke and mirrors are clear though , we can see Palm being pretty successful moving forward .
Hell , Palm has converted tons of people into raging
Pre fanboys before they could even see the phone in person !
Very Apple -esque .
More carriers will get the Pre , more handsets will be released and WebOS could very well keep things interesting even if the hardware is lacking .
There are so many things I do n’t understand in this world .
Why ca n’t we do something about North Korea ?
Why are all the bees dying ?
How did I miss knowing about “ Jon & Kate Plus Eight ” until last week ?
None of these things , however , are nearly as confusing as student loans .
There was a time when kids whose parents could n’t afford to pay for college just worked their way through .
But the price has gone up so fast  more than twice as fast as inflation over the last two decades  that it ’s not an option any more , unless the student in question is planning to be a sophomore through 2020 , or is exploring the possibility of part - time employment in armed robbery .
Students borrowed $ 19 billion in private loans last year , from a bewildering array of options .
( Does anybody find it strange that Congress is patting itself on the back for passing a law that protects college students from being offered credit cards , while they ’re encouraged to commit themselves to tens of thousands of dollars in education debt ? )
Some of the regular private lenders charge as much as 15 percent , although thanks to their dedication to the cause of learning , they are still protected from having their claims wiped away by a bankruptcy court .
A man who intended to poke his girlfriend in the back with a knife to get her to cook him dinner faster ended up killing her , the Northern Territory Supreme Court has heard .
Andrew Norman , 31 , from Yuendumu , had been drinking for three days with Rosebud Munungurr , from Yirrkala , when the pair went to a Darwin home in August last year .
Norman had cut up some meat and wanted Ms Munungurr to make damper .
When she delayed , he said to himself , " I 'll stab her a little bit , one time . "
Norman 's lawyer said he intended to poke Ms Munungurr , but instead plunged the knife 10 centimetres into her back , severing an artery .
Norman said he was very drunk and wobbly on his feet , which he thinks contributed to the force he used .
His lawyer said Norman was shocked and confused when the woman fell to the ground .
He carried her outside , tried to perform CPR , called for an ambulance and when police arrived , told them he had stabbed her .
Ms Munungurr 's sister told the court she has lost three of her sisters to alcohol - related violence in Darwin 's long grass and she fears for the safety of another .
Robyn Munungurr said she often came to Darwin to take her sister home to stop her drinking and to go hunting in the bush .
" I 've lost three sisters now to drink and violence , " she said .
" I have two left . "
She said she cries every day for the sisters she has lost .
Norman has pleaded guilty to reckless manslaughter and will be sentenced next week .
The site in Kent is no longer a children 's home Hundreds of girls heavily sedated in UK care homes during the 1970s and 1980s may be at risk of having children with birth defects , the BBC has found .
Radio 4 's Today found 10 ex-residents of a children 's home run by the Church of England in Gravesend , Kent , have had children with a birth defect .
They were given massive doses of tranquilisers and other drugs while being restrained as teenagers .
The Diocese of Rochester says it will co-operate with any future inquiry .
One childcare expert said hundreds of children may have been drugged in the care system across the UK throughout the 70s and 80s , potentially subjecting them to the same health risks as those learnt about by the BBC .
Mike Lindsay , national co-ordinator for the Children 's Rights Alliance for England , said : " Using drugs to control the behaviour of children was perfectly acceptable as far as their own professional understanding at that time went . "
I remember , one of the girls , the first thing she said to me is that I had better take the tablets and not argue it
Teresa Cooper
Former resident
Living with the legacy of care The Kendall House home in Gravesend was run by the Church of England in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s but the site is no longer a children 's home .
In a statement issued through the Church of England , the diocese said it was unable to discuss individual circumstances for legal reasons .
" However , if the police , social services or appropriate legal body initiates an investigation , the diocese will co-operate fully with them , " the statement said .
" It would be inappropriate for the diocese to initiate any internal inquiries since we are not qualified to do this .
In any event , it would be essential for any investigation to be conducted both professionally and impartially . "
' Disturbed children '
Files from the time show that girls at Kendall House were given massive doses of a number of drugs for long periods of time .
One former resident , Teresa Cooper , has had three children , all with birth defects , since leaving the home in 1984 at the age of 16 .
Her eldest son was born with respiratory problems , her second born blind with learning difficulties , and her daughter was born with a cleft palate and a short lower jaw .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Files show Ms Cooper was given medication at least 1,248 times , over a 32 - month period , including three major tranquilisers , drugs to counter side - effects and anti-depressants .
She was given up to 10 times the current recommended dose of the tranquilliser Valium .
Nine other former residents of Kendall House , who were all similarly drugged , have also gone on to have children with a range of birth defects , including brain tumours , learning difficulties and cleft palate .
According to Jeffrey Aronson , Professor of Clinical Pharmacology at Oxford University and president of the British Pharmacological Society , being given such a cocktail of drugs can cause genetic abnormalities and this in turn could cause birth defects .
" The fact that there were 10 of them affected ... is quite suggestive , " he said .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
A former member of staff contacted by the Today programme said the home was dedicated to helping residents , but some disturbed children had to be restrained for their own good .
She added that while personally unhappy at the use of drugs , staff had been acting under the orders of a consultant psychiatrist .
Shadow children 's minister Tim Loughton said he was shocked by the forcible sedation of children in care and he urged the government and Ofsted to investigate further .
" They need to look into these cases and see whether there really is a pattern of behaviour that substantiates far greater fears about widespread misuse of inappropriate drugs , forcefully imposed on young girls , " he said .
" If that does turn out to be the case , then we need to have a much wider review into what actually went on and whether this affects other homes as well . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dino's Blog
2/7/2020
3 minutes to read
In this article
. NET Stuff
As you can see from Soma 's blog on Monday we released Python Tools for Visual Studio 1.0 .
Of course ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/31/2011
I 've very happy to announced that we 've officially released IronPython 2.6 !
This is a great release ...
Author : DinoV Date : 12/11/2009
I 've uploaded the World 's Worst Paint Program , as seen in my PDC talk , to IronPython 's CodePlex ...
Author : DinoV Date : 11/17/2009
Want to create a language on top of the DLR ?
Well the first thing you need to do is plug into the ...
Author : DinoV Date : 11/17/2009
This was a good week for IronPython - we 've released not one but two new versions !
The first release ...
Author : DinoV Date : 07/23/2009
Ahh , performance …
It ’s so much fun !
It ’s easy to measure and as you work on it you can see immediate ...
Author : DinoV Date : 05/22/2009
A lot of people find it a little confusing to write their first binder to consume dynamic objects ...
Author : DinoV Date : 01/21/2009
Over the past week and a half I 've spent a little bit of time getting Django 0.96.1 running on ...
Author : DinoV Date : 03/17/2008
After a little over 4 years it ’s time for me to go and explore new opportunities …
It 's awesome to ...
Author : DinoV Date : 11/17/2005
Well , now that our RTM and RC - esque builds are starting to make it out into the wild it seems like a ...
Author : DinoV Date : 09/15/2005
Last week we went over the Abort and RudeAbort APIs .
This week we ’ll go over Fiber .
Exit .
This API ...
Author : DinoV Date : 10/11/2004
In this article we ’re going to look at the implementation of Abort and RudeAbort .
In the last ...
Author : DinoV Date : 09/30/2004
The managed Fiber class exists in its own directory in the SDK sample appropriately called Fiber ....
Author : DinoV Date : 09/16/2004
It seems like a good time to take a breather and look at what we have going on so far .
First , we ’ve ...
Author : DinoV Date : 09/09/2004
At this point we ’ve covered nearly all the major components of the unmanaged host .
The one remaining ...
Author : DinoV Date : 09/07/2004
The synchronization primitives are handled off to the runtime by the IHostSyncManager interface ....
Author : DinoV Date : 09/03/2004
Last time we successfully created a task and started it running .
That ’s an accomplishment , but there ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/31/2004
Last time we left off with the CLR calling into the host to create a task .
So far everything ’s been ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/26/2004
When I last left off we went over the host control .
The host control hands off our task and ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/23/2004
In the last blog entry I went over how we start the runtime .
Once it was loaded we were running ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/18/2004
Well it ’s been a while since I ’ve blogged …
There ’ve been a few distractions , starting with Beta 1 , ...
Author : DinoV Date : 08/16/2004
Testing Fiber Mode
Fiber mode is one of the interesting new features we ’ve done in hosting .
Fiber ...
Author : DinoV Date : 05/26/2004
Here ’s a fun piece of .NET trivia involving thread aborts and exception handling .
What does ...
Author : DinoV Date : 05/13/2004
Welcome to my blog .
Yes , that ’s right ; you ’re reading YAIB ( Yet another Inaugural Blog ) .
So , who am ...
Author : DinoV Date : 05/06/2004
This is a Venn Diagram of hybrid cutlery .
As you can see in the middle , the splayd incorporates all three standard eating utensils in one , high questionable design .
Of course , I would n't want to eat cereal with it .
Or you .
YOU'RE DRIBBLING MILK ON MY CARPET YOU HEATHEN !
Towards a Grand Unification of Cutlery [ eatmedaily ]
Thanks to Andrew , who eats with his hands because he 's an animal .
Part of the wooden sculpture named for the Large Hadron Collider .
Carpenters at DESY never expected to rebuild the Large Hadron Collider -- but they did part of it , out of wood .
Now , that 1/25th scale model of the LHC's ATLAS detector , featured in this month 's symmetry , is n't the only wooden interpretation of the experiment .
Russian artist Nikolay Polissky creates " land art , " which consists of large structures built from many smaller , individually shaped pieces of wood .
His latest piece is called Large Hadron Collider , and is Polissky 's tribute to the massive experiment .
Inspired by the deep connection LHC scientists have with the natural world , Polissky made drawings of metal machinery , wires , and cables that he and his team of carpenters carved out of wood .
The entire piece consists of many separate structures , all resembling pieces of an odd wooden playground , with some of them towering over fifteen feet tall .
Now you can watch a video documenting the entire process of planning , carving , and building the installation .
Images of the piece can be found on Polissky 's website or in this press release from the Mudam Museum in Luxembourg , where the piece will be shown .
Dubai , once home to the world 's biggest construction boom , is now the scene of the world 's biggest property slump , according to figures published today by estate agent Knight Frank .
House prices in the desert sheikhdom dropped by an extraordinary 40 % in the first three months of 2009 , outpacing falls anywhere else in the world after an investment bubble burst .
Singapore , the nation worst hit by the collapse in world trade , saw the second biggest fall , with property prices down 16.2 % in the quarter .
Bucking the trend were Finland , where house prices rose 4 % over the three months , and Jersey , where prices surged by 5.6 % .
The fall in sterling has prompted foreign buyers to snap up property in the channel island tax haven , making homes even more out of the reach of local buyers .
A 16.5 % price fall in the UK over 12 months placed it among the five countries with the biggest annual decline , but its quarterly decline , at 4.5 % , was exceeded by many other countries .
The global turnaround in house prices has been remarkable .
A year ago , homes in Dubai were spiralling upwards on an annual growth rate of 48 % .
The boom spawned developments such as the Palm Jumeirah and Burj Dubai , the world 's tallest tower , but now apartment blocks stand empty or half - finished .
Dubai 's ruling family , the Maktoums , have already sought a £ 13.5 bn emergency loan from their oil - rich neighbour Abu Dhabi , and fears are growing that many of the region 's biggest properties companies are close to bankruptcy .
Dubai " is in a mess , " said Nick Barnes , head of international residential research at Knight Frank .
He added : " The inescapable trend is that the worst and most widespread economic recession since the 1930s continues to batter housing markets across the globe .
Rising unemployment and concern among those still in jobs , added to constrained credit conditions , means that buyer demand for housing remains suppressed and confidence is low in most markets , which is inevitably having a negative impact on house prices . "
Barnes is cautious about calling the bottom of the cycle for global house prices , with only anecdotal evidence of " green shoots " .
" There is sporadic evidence of buyers snapping up relative bargains , however of those buyers in a position to move , many are still waiting for clearer signs that markets are approaching the bottom of the cycle , " he said .
" Moreover , in a falling market , sellers are usually forced to a greater or lesser extent which means that opportunities to buy are greatly reduced and transaction volumes correspondingly low . "
The countries which did not experience the long boom in prices seen in the Anglo - Saxon world are now apparently avoiding the bust .
Switzerland , where house prices rose by an average of just 1.5 % a year over the past two decades , saw a 2.1 % quarter - on - quarter gain and 5.6 % over the year .
In Germany , prices fell by just 1.5 % over the year .
But Knight Frank admits that it has never been more difficult to access data about house prices , with extraordinary conditions in many markets delaying the publication of statistics .
Prices in Latvia fell 36 % over the year and in Poland by 13 % , but neither country has yet provided figures for the first quarter of 2009 .
Biggest price falls , Q1 2009
Dubai down 40.0 %
Singapore down 16.2 %
Estonia down 9.9 %
Norway down 6.2 %
Denmark down 6.1 %
Biggest price rises , Q1 2009
Jersey up 5.6 %
Finland up 4 %
Thailand up 2.7 %
Israel up 2.6 %
Switzerland up 2.1 %
Advertisements
Sen . Patrick Leahy was on MSNBC’s The Ed Show tonight , where he extended an invitation to former vice president Dick Cheney to testify before his Senate Judicial Committee .
Leahy said that if Cheney is so concerned about torture , then he should come before Congress and answer a few questions .
Here is the video .
Leahy begins around the 5:50 mark :
Advertisements
The only thing that Cheney hates more than being outed as a torturer is the Congress , so the odds of him giving any testimony to a body that he views as inferior are zero .
Leahy did say that since Obama would not rule out punishing those responsible for torture , it opens the door to Leahy continuing his investigation into the decision making process and those who drafted the order to torture .
Leahy also stressed that he was n’t looking into the lower level players who were told to carry out the torture policy because it was legal .
He is after the big fish .
Leahy said , “ I agree with the president that the lower level players who were told this is ok , this is the law , follow the law .
I am not as considered about going after them , as I am the people who knew they were misstating the law , who knew they were giving the wrong directions , who were will to set the White House and those around the White House as above the law . ”
Leahy also said that he did n’t want to hear any lectures from Dick Cheney because this was the administration that went from wanting to cut counterterrorism funding by half on September 10 , 2001 , to wanting to double funding on September 12 .
Leahy said that he is willing to carry out his investigation without GOP support .
The political climate has changed on this issue .
Initially , Obama did not give much to Leahy ’s truth commission idea , but I think that Leahy will get that .
I do still have serious doubts that anyone will face criminal prosecution .
Leahy would love nothing more than to get Cheney in a hearing room .
The senator was try to call Cheney bluff , and lure him into testifying .
Chaotic Somalia 's lack of government has allowed piracy to flourish Around 200 Somali pirates are reported to have renounced piracy at a meeting in northern Somalia .
Members of the group met local leaders and Somali expatriates in Eyl , in the autonomous region of Puntland , and promised to halt their activities .
Pirate representative Abshir Abdullah told the BBC he urged other groups to free ships in return for amnesty .
Pirates have been coming under pressure from local leaders , who have accused them of corrupting their communities .
Somalia has been without a stable government since 1991 , allowing piracy to flourish .
See map of how piracy is affecting the region and countries around the world
The problem worsened in the first months of 2009 despite patrols by foreign navies .
Last week , Somalia 's interim government asked for international help to set up a national coastguard to help tackle piracy , and protect fishermen from illegal foreign fishing boats and to prevent dumping of toxic materials .
I 'm aware now these acts are wrong in Islamic teachings
Pirate chief Abshir Abdullah
Chasing the piracy money trail Pirates in the dock Mr Abdullah , a well - known pirate chief in Puntland , says his group is not holding any ships at present and the authorities have agreed to give them amnesty for previous hijackings .
" I see myself as someone who has been saved from bad deeds , " he told the BBC's Somali Service .
" I understand the wrong things that I was involved in and I 'm aware now these acts are wrong in Islamic teachings .
Mr Abdullah says he has agreed to work with local leaders to get other pirates to give up what can be a lucrative life on the high seas .
" I will advise those who want to go to sea , they must not do it and I hope they will stop it as we have agreed .
" The ones who are holding ships now , I would call them to release them and they ought not to do it again . "
Meanwhile , a Nato warship in the Gulf of Aden has intercepted two boats carrying suspected pirates and has disarmed them , AP news agency reports .
A Canadian frigate chased the two boats and eventually boarded them .
Nato says it found a large amount of firearms and rocket - propelled grenades , as well as equipment such as hook ladders .
The suspected pirates were released after the equipment was confiscated .
When first loaded , the map 's focus falls on Somalia where most of the pirates are based .
Use the arrow icons to scroll left towards Europe and the United States which are both playing a central role in tackling the problem .
Scroll to the right for a story about the Philippines , which supplies many of the world 's mariners .
You can zoom in for more detail by using the " + " or " - " signs on the upper left hand side .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Best True Crime Shows on Netflix
These true stories will surprise and inform you
Today ’s topic : Should the U.S. government have spent billions to keep General Motors from liquidation only to eventually steer it to Bankruptcy Court ?
An earlier bankruptcy would have saved taxpayers billions
Point : Daniel J. Ikenson
General Motors should have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last fall , if not earlier .
It was obvious in 2008 that GM was deep in the red , burning through cash , struggling to service debt , suffering steep sales declines , facing bleak prospects and failing to find new sources of capital .
In November , GM turned to the federal government for a bailout loan -- the one final alternative to bankruptcy .
After a lot of discussion and some rich debate , Congress voted against a bailout , seemingly foreclosing all options except bankruptcy .
But before GM could avail itself of bankruptcy protection , President Bush took the fateful decision of circumventing Congress and diverting $ 15.4 billion from Trouble Asset Relief Program funds to GM ( in the chummy spirit of avoiding tough news around the holidays ) .
That was the original sin .
George W. Bush is very much complicit in the nationalization of GM and the cascade of similar interventions that may follow .
Had Bush not funded GM in December ( under questionable authority , no less ) , the company probably would have filed for bankruptcy on Jan. 1 , at which point prospective buyers , both foreign and domestic , would have surfaced and made bids for spin - off assets or equity stakes in the “ New GM , ” just as is happening now .
Of course , a bankruptcy judge , acting in an apolitical environment , would have had to determine whether GM could emerge from Chapter 11 as a going concern .
That determination might have necessitated different concessions from different stakeholders .
For example , the United Auto Workers union might have had to accept real pay cuts ( not just revamped work rules ) and the secured bondholders might not have been strong - armed into taking pennies on their investment dollars .
And , certainly , taxpayer resources would not have been tapped .
Sure , there would have been plant closures , dealership terminations and jobs losses , just as there are under the current nationalization plan .
But the path we ’ve taken , regrettably , goes through an expensive , political minefield .
If GM emerges from bankruptcy organized and governed by the plan created by the Obama administration , it is impossible to see how free markets will have anything to do with the U.S. auto industry henceforth .
With taxpayers on the hook for $ 50 billion ( at a minimum ) , the administration will do whatever it has to -- including tilting the playing field with policies that induce consumers to buy GM , hamstring GM ’s competition or subsidize its costs -- for GM to succeed .
Thus , $ 50 billion is a sum that is more likely to grow larger than it is to be repaid .
It is also a sum that will serve as the rationalization for further government interventions on GM ’s behalf .
Thus , what ’s going to happen to Ford ?
With the government backing GM , will Ford ’s access to capital be compromised ?
Can it compete against an entity backed by an unrestrained national treasury ?
Or are there more government - sponsored bankruptcies in our future ?
Daniel J. Ikenson is associate director of the Cato Institute ’s Center for Trade Policy Studies .
Do n’t expect bankruptcy to result in a better GM
Counterpoint : Howard Wial
Dan , I do n’t share your faith that the national interest would have been better served if GM had gone through an ordinary bankruptcy process .
Without government funding to keep GM in business during a bankruptcy , the automaker would n’t have been able to remain a going concern .
GM would have been unable to obtain private loans to stay open during a long , drawn - out court proceeding .
Its assets would eventually have been sold off piecemeal with auto suppliers throughout the nation forced to close as they lost GM business , and there most likely would not have been a “ New GM ” for a new owner to take over .
Although you paint a less devastating ( but , I think , highly unrealistic ) picture of what an ordinary bankruptcy could have looked like for GM , you seem to think its survival , or not , is a matter of national indifference .
Here is where we disagree fundamentally .
There are important national interests at stake in maintaining a healthy U.S. auto industry .
It ’s difficult to see how those interests could be as well served without GM .
We need a healthy U.S. auto industry to design and build the next generation of fuel - efficient cars .
Additionally , auto suppliers are crucial to innovation in American manufacturing as a whole ( not just in the auto industry ) , and U.S. auto production is a key part of our national defense infrastructure .
Destroying the productive capacity of our largest U.S. auto manufacturer and forcing thousands of suppliers out of business would n’t further these goals .
If GM had been liquidated , foreign - owned manufacturers in the U.S. might have picked up some of the slack .
But they rely less heavily on U.S. suppliers than GM does , and they do most of their research and development in their home countries .
Eventually , new U.S. car manufacturers might surface , but if we waited for that to happen without also keeping GM in business , the nation would have lost much of its auto production and design capacity and much of its manufacturing supply base .
I agree with you , Dan , that the government has chosen to travel down a risky path .
I ’ll address the political risks on Friday , but for now I want to point out that there is a risk in using the bankruptcy process to help resolve GM ’s problems .
Bankruptcy , even if prepackaged and managed by the federal government , is about cutting costs .
But GM ’s biggest problems are n’t costs -- and certainly not labor costs , which for GM make up less than 10 % of the cost of a car .
GM ’s big problems are quality and innovation .
Bankruptcy courts are n’t set up to solve those problems .
Worse , overemphasizing costs may make it harder for a restructured GM to focus on quality and innovation .
Will a cost - obsessed management close so many plants and lay off so many engineers , designers and production workers that the company loses its ability to make better and more innovative cars ?
I hope not , but I ca n’t be confident .
Organizations that are good at cost - cutting usually are n’t good at innovating or getting better at what they do .
Navigating between the poles of cost- cutting and innovation may be the biggest obstacle on GM ’s road to recovery .
Howard Wial is director of the Brookings Institution ’s Metropolitan Economy Initiative .
What 's not to love about coilguns ?
They bring together electromagnetics and DIY - ing for what may be our favorite juvenile pastime : shooting things .
The bad boy pictured above was put together by a Mr. Daniel Eindhoven for € 100 ( that 's about $ 133 ) .
A semiautomatic single stage gun that boasts a 14 shot capacity , the weapon 's capable of firing a 42 gram projectile at speeds up to 110 km / h , with a charge time of 8 seconds when plugged into mains power ( or if you 're on the go , the internal batteries will light up in about 90 seconds ) .
It also sports a digital voltage display and a laser pointer .
Just as we predicted when we saw the Nerf chain gun , the inter - office arms race is definitely on .
Be careful !
One more pic after the break .
Girls tend to perform better than boys at school Girls have a greater fear of failure than boys despite outperforming them at all stages of school , a report said .
And these worries could seriously affect their chances of succeeding in school and work , the Equality and Human Rights Commission study claimed .
It also suggested girls often aim for careers reinforcing gender stereotypes , such as teaching , childcare and beauty .
A government spokesman said all children should have access to good quality impartial careers advice .
But some 94 % of the 1,000 English teenagers surveyed for the report said they needed better careers advice .
The Commission 's report suggested a fifth of young people had not received one - to - one careers advice , and did not understand how to achieve their desired goal .
Schools are looking to see if pupils fit into the system and can perform well
Equality and Human Rights Commission
It said despite girls ' success at GCSE , three quarters of women still ended up in the " five Cs " of employment - cleaning , catering , caring , cashiering and clerical .
This was partly due to stereotyping of subject choices at school , and school staff consciously or unconsciously encouraging boys and girls to seek what they perceived to be gender appropriate subjects .
The report for Britain 's equalities watchdog looked at what factors affected children 's chances of succeeding in education .
It found that although a child 's social background was the biggest determinant of whether they would succeed , gender also had an effect .
Some 46 % of white working class girls feared educational failure , compared with about a quarter of white middle class boys .
White working class boys and white middle class girls were equally fearful of failure on 38 % .
Children from poorer backgrounds tended to be less confident of success generally .
' Drop- outs '
The research suggested that some young people developed an ingrained sense of failure , often due to the school 's emphasis on measuring success by test results .
Findings suggest this can result in feelings of anxiety and fear which can lead to students dropping out of the education system .
The report said one in 10 was so disillusioned that they were considering leaving education or training .
It pointed out that the traditional system of education was seen as the most important , with vocational training and apprenticeships not sufficiently promoted as alternatives .
It said : " Schools are looking to see if pupils fit into the system and can perform well .
" If pupils are not able to cope with this , the current set - up rarely provides for them .
They are all too often left on the margins and neglected . "
However , the poll suggested 95 % of youngsters felt they were doing " very well " or " fairly well " .
A spokeswoman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " We will be consulting on statutory guidance this year , and challenging stereotypes will be a key principle .
" New quality standards came into force last year which set out the services that local authorities should deliver , including challenging gender - stereotyping and traditional ideas of learning and work . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
June 1 , 2009 -- ShellGuilty --
A pre-trial conference scheduled in the potentially landmark lawsuit brought by Nigerian plaintiffs against oil giant Royal Dutch Shell has been delayed until June 3 .
The conference was announced following the decision by the presiding judge in the US Southern District Court in New York to delay indefinitely the actual trial .
Jury selection in the trial itself had been meant to start April 27 , but was put off the day before .
No new date was set .
Shell is accused of complicity in the 1995 hanging of Ken Saro - Wiwa , a renowned writer and activist , and other leaders of a movement protesting alleged environmental destruction and other abuses by Shell against the Ogoni people in the Niger Delta .
The corporation , which has a powerful presence in Nigeria , is also accused of complicity in the torture , detention and exile of Saro - Wiwa ’s brother , Owens Wiwa , and other violent attacks on dissidents in the country .
The civil suit was brought by victims of Nigeria ’s former military government , including Saro - Wiwa ’s son .
They sued under the Alien Tort Claims Act , a US law that dates to 1789 which is being increasingly used as a way to penalise human rights violations in foreign countries .
The act requires companies with a substantial presence in the United States to obey US law everywhere in the world .
On May 12 , Shell ’s lawyers filed a motion opposing the admission of prominent human rights attorney Paul Hoffman to serve as trial counsel for the plaintiffs , citing the fact that he had posted a link on his law firm ’s website to a video from the plaintiffs ’ website .
The motion refers to the “ plaintiffs ’ ‘ campaign video ’ ' ' .
The court ruled against Shell 's lawyers ’ motion to oppose admission of Hoffman to serve as trial counsel for the plaintiffs , but ordered the removal of the video from the plaintiffs ’ educational website about the case .
The ShellGuilty campaign has re-posted the video , dubbing it `` The Video Shell Does n’t Want You to See ' ' , and wrote about Shell ’s attempts to suppress it in an article on Huffington Post , which was widely circulated via social networking sites such as Digg , Twitter and Facebook .
The video lays out the plaintiffs ’ case against Shell , and includes documentary footage of the late Ken Saro - Wiwa , leading Ogoni activist who was hanged by the Nigerian military in 1995 along with eight fellow activists .
The plaintiffs , including Saro - Wiwa ’s son Ken Saro - Wiwa Jr. , assert that Shell conspired with the Nigeria military in the prosecution and execution of the men , known as the ``Ogoni 9 ' ' .
The video and article can also be viewed here : http://www.shellguilty.com/wiwa-v-shell-video/
* * *
ShellGuilty on Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/groups.php#/group.php?gid=171744785281
Twitter : http://twitter.com/ShellGuilty
Youtube : http://www.youtube.com/user/ShellGuilty
READER COMMENTS ON
" House Democrats Gut Climate Bill in ' Compromise ' "
( 12 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 5/15/2009 @ 4:23 pm PT ...
ILLUMINI REPUBLITHUGS = ILLUMINATI DEMOCRAPPERS .
THE STENCH OF THE NEW WORLD ODOR CRIMINALS IS UNBEARABLE .
THANK YOU FOR PRINTING THE TRUTH .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 5/15/2009 @ 4:33 pm PT ...
Without exaggeration or hysteria these " Neo - Dems " are working hard to kill off all of our descendants in return for the chance to fill the power vacuum left by the GOP collapse and a quick fix of cash from Big Carbon .
Less depressing news from CA , although it does mean that another rigged election is inbound : http://www.latimes.com/n...6,0,6182317.story?page=1
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/15/2009 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
You do realize that was from May 16 of LAST YEAR , right , Zap ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/15/2009 @ 5:12 pm PT ...
Though we can hope that it will be again this year ....
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 5/15/2009 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
... oooooops ... I mean ... I meant to do that !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 5/15/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
With Democrats like these , who needs Republicans ?...
Ahh , the Pseudocrats .
They do not care about us .
We must never be fooled into thinking that they actually care about anyone but themselves .
Ever .
The short - sighted , greedy , braying asses .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Democraydiva said on 5/15/2009 @ 10:56 pm PT ...
I am very sorry to say I HAVE HAD IT WITH OBAMA AND I WILL NEVER VOTE DEMOCRAT AGAIN .
I feel like we are being raped by a beloved person of trust .
He is a Trojan horse .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/15/2009 @ 11:57 pm PT ...
No , no , Democraydiva , not a Trojan horse .
He 's just a fantastically charming guy who has n't ever really had to adhere closely to his own standards to be extremely successful .
I think he had to make a lot of bad concessions to get the nomination and he was left with such a literally earth - shattering mess that he 's too overwhelmed to stand against the entrenched interests .
He does n't have the nerve to play hardball with those in his own party who do n't have the energy to stand against them either .
Or with the big money interests who never make it safe or easy for whoever is in office .
He should be in there cracking the whip , or having his famous enforcer Rahmbo doing it for him , so this would n't be happening or not so much .
Once he got elected , I think he realized the mess was so bad there was no time to fill the administration with new blood , and I 'm sure Hillary would not have stood down if he did not agree to take most of her people .
So we sort of ended up with a more smooth - talking version of Hillary than a strong version of who Obama only thought he was .
So he 's probably having a heck of a time getting those Hillary people to execute an Obama presidency .
That 's a big problem , but not beyond solving .
I 'm mad enough to strangle him with my bare hands , but there are those who say it is not too late for him to wake up from this failure of nerve and start making things happen .
I hope they 're right .
Because voting Republican , or Green , or Libertarian , or whatever , is n't going to get it done either .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... ArchiCoot said on 5/16/2009 @ 4:13 am PT ...
And so HOPE DIES , not just for democratic voters but for future generations .
Greed is NOT good , especially when it costs us the world .
The curtains are being pulled aside to expose the hollow wizard - of - words .... but it looks as if he is not as beneficent as portrayed in the movies .
Brace yourselves for severe weather of all kinds .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 5/16/2009 @ 9:50 am PT ...
They wo n't get the job done unless and until we make them get it done .
They are politicians .
Period .
Politicians do whatever they have to do to get in power or stay in power .
Obama is the same .
He is a Democratic politician .
He has his good points ( yes , he does ) , and his bad points .
He 's no worst than most , probably better than some .
Any presidents out there who actually made good on the better part of their campaign promises ?
Obama inherited a bloody royal mess , and he 's taking the very cautious middle road , not being the bold agent of change he made himself out to be .
On the " good " side , it seems that he 's slowing down the rate of worsening .
That 's something , but obviously not nearly enough .
Whether anyone else could do better , I do n't know .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Konstantin said on 5/16/2009 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
Not that I agree with the " science " of global warming , cause it 's mostly political ( consensus is a political term not a scientific one ) , but When are people going to realize that multi-trillion dollar interests are not just going to roll over every four years while a president who does n't have their interests at heart might get elected ?
What they do is get " their candidate " or a candidate and cabinet that 's sympathetic to their needs and " get him elected " and sell him to the people as if he is the people 's candidate .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 5/17/2009 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
A Connecticut prosecutor says test results show a chimpanzee that mauled a woman in the United States had the anti-anxiety drug Xanax in its system .
Stamford State 's Attorney David Cohen said on Wednesday that it was unclear if the drug played a role in the attack .
Travis in his playpen in 2003 .
Credit : AP / Stamford Advocate
The 90 - kilogram chimp , named Travis , attacked Stamford resident Charla Nash on February 16 .
The victim lost her hands , nose , lips and eyelids in the attack .
Doctors at Ohio's Cleveland Clinic say she is blind and faces two years of surgical procedures .
Careful which colour you choose
TAKING your medicine even for a week is a drag .
Taking it every day for six months is a real nuisance .
Yet that is what is asked of those being treated for tuberculosis .
They need to pop their pills for half a year if they are to eliminate the bacteria that cause the infection and combat the emergence of antibiotic - resistant strains .
Worse , from the point of view of compliance , the actual symptoms of infection tend to go away after just two months of taking the medicine , so the incentive to carry on is negligible .
But worse than that , the drugs themselves produce unpleasant symptoms , including nausea , diarrhoea , headaches and insomnia .
Indeed , one common anti-TB drug , rifampicin , also has the unnerving side effect of turning people 's tears , sweat and urine a shade of reddish orange .
Every cloud , though , has a silver lining , for it was this strange , if harmless , side effect that gave a team of researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) their crucial idea : stamp - sized patches , much like litmus paper , that change colour when exposed to the urine of people with traces of medicine in their systems .
The crucial trick of XoutTB , as the system built around these patches is known , is that the change in colour reveals a code that a patient can text - message to a service which rewards him with free airtime minutes on his mobile phone .
Patients thus have a daily incentive to take their terrible pills .
The XoutTB project began in the spring of 2007 , with the launch of the Yunus Challenge , a now - annual contest at MIT to promote development in poor countries .
Muhammad Yunus , after whom the challenge is named , is a Nobel Prize - winning pioneer of microfinance — the idea that loans too small for traditional banks to handle are nevertheless crucial in enabling businesses to flourish in the poorer parts of the world .
The winner of that year 's challenge was the team led by Jose Gomez - Marquez , a medical engineer at MIT .
Their original idea , inspired by Dr Yunuss work , was to involve local banks ( in this case in Nicaragua ) in a scheme that would give TB patients micro-loans in exchange for evidence that they had been taking their medication .
That plan fell by the wayside because the banks did not want to get involved .
But phone companies were willing to give it a try , and brought with them the bonus of an established infrastructure for distributing the rewards .
The resulting trial , which involved 30 people with tuberculosis , was a success , and a second is about to be carried out in Pakistan , where a batch of 400 XoutTB patches is arriving this month .
Conditions in Karachi , the Pakistani city in which the trial is being conducted , could politely be described as “ challenging ” .
According to Rachel Glennerster , a member of the XoutTB team who has worked as an economist at the IMF and the British Treasury , the local clinics are closed about 60 % of the time and doctors or nurses are often absent during the 40 % when the doors are nominally open .
Such absences — and the associated lack of compliance - monitoring — are one of the things for which XoutTB is designed to compensate .
Pakistan , though , offers a second difficulty .
Aamir Khan , the director of XoutTB 's operations in the country , has quickly discovered that one of the neediest groups of people there are 15 - to 25 - year - old women .
Unfortunately , they are often under the thumbs of their parents or husbands and are not allowed mobile phones of their own .
Dr Khan is therefore considering the idea of a different reward — high - energy food supplements to combat malnutrition .
The system would not supply food , per se , but would instead top up credit at the patient 's grocer using an automatic link .
If XoutTB does work , the team has ambitions to extend it .
Other drugs , too , can be a nuisance to remember .
The anti-retrovirals used to combat AIDS , for example , have to be taken for the rest of a patient 's life .
And taking medicines for non-infectious conditions such as diabetes and high blood pressure is also a chore .
Find the right “ litmus test ” , though , and what is now being done with TB drugs could succeed with any of these as well .
Taking your medicine could , at last , become a truly rewarding experience .
Was being born in 1971 the perfect time to be born a geek ?
It meant I got to see Star Wars in the theater , 13 times , at ages 6 and 7 , exactly when it would overwhelm my sense of wonder .
I got an 8 - bit computer at exactly the age when boys get obsessive about details , and I spent days PEEKing and POKEing and typing in listings from magazines and learning how computers actually worked .
It meant at least half the new games I played were actually new ideas .
And yet I got to play real pinball machines .
In real arcades .
New
Wave science fiction was the used paperbacks laying around , and I got to read cyberpunk and steampunk as they were invented , and see SF when fandom was not yet a media circus .
I got to play D&D from as close to the beginning as most anyone .
And feel like I had inside baseball knowledge during the D&D scene in E.T. , which the other folks in the theater did n’t get .
I was there for when the X - Men were new and fresh
I got to high school when PCs were becoming ubiquitous .
I got to college when Macs were on Apple campuses , and actually useful .
And when you had no choice but to use libraries for research , so I actually learned what real research is .
And I was too young to feel cynical about Dead Poets Society .
I got onto the Internet after it was tiny , but before it was mass market .
So I got to see and use most of the tools and software that were key to its evolution , as they were used , then replaced , then discarded .
Pine , gopher , Usenet , Mozilla …
I read Sandman when the issues first came out .
I got into the games business before it was mass media , but got to ride the wave .
… and also got to see the Web unfold …
… and got Wikipedia and Google just in time for when I did n’t need to use libraries anymore …
… and see some of the science fiction coming true .
Looking back on it , it makes me feel a bit sorry for those born ten years later .
And I ca n’t judge ten years earlier , but so much of that seemed to hit at the right age .
Looking back at history , it seems like the last big waves of popular invention like this were decades ago .
Teens with hot rods ?
Engineering in the 20s ?
I see my kids now , and they are so clearly getting the finished products of so much , not the products in the process of invention …
Am I wrong ?
Sammy
What
Sammy is a tiny javascript framework built on top of jQuery .
It ’s RESTful Evented JavaScript .
Why
j Query is probably the fastest , most robust way to abstract basic low - level Javascript functionality that every Javascript developer needs .
However , it really remains low - level and does not imply any structure or organization for larger scale Javascript applications .
Working heavily with Sinatra , I realized that the simple route definitions and structure it provided could be a great fit with jQuery / JavaScript .
Not only does it allow you to respond to specific URLs , but utilizing the URL hash ( # ) you can create single page applications that still respond to the back button in your browser ( ala Gmail ) .
I started off on this project thinking “ It would be cool to implement Sinatra in JavaScript ” .
Sammy has become more than that , I ’ve tried to follow JS and jQuery conventions instead of Ruby and its made for a small ( < 20 K ) library for defining simple to complex applications .
I see Sammy as a great way to build simple to complex applications built upon RESTful data stores like CouchDB or Cloudkit .
Theres an example of Cloudkit integration in examples / backend /
Basics
A Sammy application revolves around ‘ routes ’ .
Routes consist of a verb , a path , and a callback ( See more in ‘ Routes ’ ) .
Not only can you define ‘ get ’ and ‘ post ’ routes , but you can also bind routes to custom events triggered by your application .
You set up a Sammy Application by passing a Function to the $.sammy ( which is a shortcut for the Sammy .
Application constructor ) .
$ . sammy ( function ( ) { this .
get ( '# /' , function () { $ ( ' # main ' ) . text ( ' Welcome ! ' ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
Inside of the ‘ app ’ function ( ) this is the Application .
This is where you can configure the application and add routes .
Above , we defined a get ( ) route .
When the browser is pointed to #/ the function passed to that route will be run .
Inside of the route function , this is a Sammy .
EventContext .
EventContext has a bunch of special methods and properties including a params hash , the ability to redirect , render partials , and more .
Once you ’ve defined an application the only thing left to do is run it .
The best practice behavior is to encapsulate run( ) in a document .
ready block :
var app = $ . sammy (... ) $ ( function ( ) { app . run ( ) ; } ) ;
This will guarantee that the DOM is loaded before we try to apply functionality to it .
More !
I ’ve split up the information into a couple different sections .
Ways to stay informed / get in contact :
The most difficult aspect of running Nettuts + is accounting for so many different skill levels .
If we post too many advanced tutorials , our beginner audience wo n't benefit .
The same holds true for the opposite .
We do our best , but always feel free to pipe in if you feel you 're being neglected .
This site is for you , so speak up !
With that said , today 's tutorial is specifically for those who are just diving into web development .
If you 've one year of experience or less , hopefully some of the tips listed here will help you to become better , quicker !
You may also want to check out some of the HTML builders on Envato Market , such as the popular Architect HTML and CSS site builder tool , which lets you generate the HTML and CSS for building your websites automatically by with great looking templates and a drag - and - drop interface .
Or you can have your website built from scratch by a professional developer on Envato Studio who knows and follows all the HTML best practices .
Learn CSS : The Complete Guide
We 've built a complete guide to help you learn CSS , whether you 're just getting started with the basics or you want to explore more advanced CSS .
Without further ado , let 's review 30 best practices to observe when creating your markup .
1 : Always Close Your Tags
Back in the day , it was n't uncommon to see things like this :
Notice how the wrapping UL / OL tag was omitted .
Additionally , many chose to leave off the closing LI tags as well .
By today 's standards , this is simply bad practice and should be 100 % avoided .
Always , always close your tags .
Otherwise , you 'll encounter validation and glitch issues at every turn .
Better
2 : Declare the Correct DocType
When I was younger , I participated quite a bit in CSS forums .
Whenever a user had an issue , before we would look at their situation , they HAD to perform two things first :
Validate the CSS file .
Fix any necessary errors .
Add a doctype .
" The DOCTYPE goes before the opening html tag at the top of the page and tells the browser whether the page contains HTML , XHTML , or a mix of both , so that it can correctly interpret the markup . "
Most of us choose between four different doctypes when creating new websites .
There 's a big debate currently going on about the correct choice here .
At one point , it was considered to be best practice to use the XHTML Strict version .
However , after some research , it was realized that most browsers revert back to regular HTML when interpretting it .
For that reason , many have chosen to use HTML 4.01 Strict instead .
The bottom line is that any of these will keep you in check .
Do some research and make up your own mind .
3 : Never Use Inline Styles
When you 're hard at work on your markup , sometimes it can be tempting to take the easy route and sneak in a bit of styling .
Sure -- it looks harmless enough .
However , this points to an error in your coding practices .
When creating your markup , do n't even think about the styling yet .
You only begin adding styles once the page has been completely coded .
It 's like crossing the streams in Ghostbusters .
It 's just not a good idea .
- Chris Coyier ( in reference to something completely unrelated . )
Instead , finish your markup , and then reference that P tag from your external stylesheet .
Better
4 : Place all External CSS Files Within the Head Tag
Technically , you can place stylesheets anywhere you like .
However , the HTML specification recommends that they be placed within the document HEAD tag .
The primary benefit is that your pages will seemingly load faster .
While researching performance at Yahoo ! , we discovered that moving stylesheets to the document HEAD makes pages appear to be loading faster .
This is because putting stylesheets in the HEAD allows the page to render progressively .
- ySlow Team
5 : Consider Placing Javascript Files at the Bottom
Remember -- the primary goal is to make the page load as quickly as possible for the user .
When loading a script , the browser can't continue on until the entire file has been loaded .
Thus , the user will have to wait longer before noticing any progress .
If you have JS files whose only purpose is to add functionality -- for example , after a button is clicked -- go ahead and place those files at the bottom , just before the closing body tag .
This is absolutely a best practice .
Better
6 : Never Use Inline Javascript .
It 's not 1996 !
Another common practice years ago was to place JS commands directly within tags .
This was very common with simple image galleries .
Essentially , a " onclick " attribute was appended to the tag .
The value would then be equal to some JS procedure .
Needless to say , you should never , ever do this .
Instead , transfer this code to an external JS file and use " addEventListener / attachEvent " to " listen " for your desired event .
Or , if using a framework like jQuery , just use the " click " method .
7 : Validate Continuously
I recently blogged about how the idea of validation has been completely misconstrued by those who do n't completely understand its purpose .
As I mention in the article , " validation should work for you , not against . "
However , especially when first getting started , I highly recommend that you download the Web Developer Toolbar and use the " Validate HTML " and " Validate CSS " options continuously .
While CSS is a somewhat easy to language to learn , it can also make you tear your hair out .
As you 'll find , many times , it 's your shabby markup that 's causing that strange whitespace issue on the page .
Validate , validate , validate .
8 : Download Firebug
I can't recommend this one enough .
Firebug is , without doubt , the best plugin you 'll ever use when creating websites .
Not only does it provide incredible Javascript debugging , but you 'll also learn how to pinpoint which elements are inheriting that extra padding that you were unaware of .
Download it !
9 : Use Firebug !
From my experiences , many users only take advantage of about 20 % of Firebug 's capabilities .
You 're truly doing yourself a disservice .
Take a couple hours and scour the web for every worthy tutorial you can find on the subject .
Resources
10 : Keep Your Tag Names Lowercase
Technically , you can get away with capitalizing your tag names .
Having said that , please do n't .
It serves no purpose and hurts my eyes -- not to mention the fact that it reminds me of Microsoft Word 's html function !
Better
11 : Use H1 - H6 Tags
Admittedly , this is something I tend to slack on .
It 's best practice to use all six of these tags .
If I 'm honest , I usually only implement the top four ; but I 'm working on it ! :)
For semantic and SEO reasons , force yourself to replace that P tag with an H6 when appropriate .
12 : If Building a Blog , Save the H1 for the Article Title
Just this morning , on Twitter , I asked our followers whether they felt it was smartest to place the H1 tag as the logo , or to instead use it as the article 's title .
Around 80 % of the returned tweets were in favor of the latter method .
As with anything , determine what 's best for your own website .
However , if building a blog , I 'd recommend that you save your H1 tags for your article title .
For SEO purposes , this is a better practice - in my opinion .
13 : Download ySlow
Especially in the last few years , the Yahoo team has been doing some really great work in our field .
Not too long ago , they released an extension for Firebug called ySlow .
When activated , it will analyze the given website and return a " report card " of sorts which details the areas where your site needs improvement .
It can be a bit harsh , but it 's all for the greater good .
I highly recommend it .
14 : Wrap Navigation with an Unordered List
Each and every website has a navigation section of some sort .
While you can definitely get away with formatting it like so :
I 'd encourage you not to use this method , for semantic reasons .
Your job is to write the best possible code that you 're capable of .
Why would we style a list of navigation links with anything other than an unordered LIST ?
The UL tag is meant to contain a list of items .
Better
15 : Learn How to Target IE
You 'll undoubtedly find yourself screaming at IE during some point or another .
It 's actually become a bonding experience for the community .
When I read on Twitter how one of my buddies is battling the forces of IE , I just smile and think , " I know how you feel , pal . "
The first step , once you 've completed your primary CSS file , is to create a unique " ie.css " file .
You can then reference it only for IE by using the following code .
This code says , " If the user 's browser is Internet Explorer 6 or lower , import this stylesheet .
Otherwise , do nothing . "
If you need to compensate for IE7 as well , simply replace " lt " with " lte " ( less than or equal to ) .
16 : Choose a Great Code Editor
Whether you 're on Windows or a Mac , there are plenty of fantastic code editors that will work wonderfully for you .
Personally , I have a Mac and PC side - by - side that I use throughout my day .
As a result , I 've developed a pretty good knowledge of what 's available .
Here are my top choices / recommendations in order :
Mac Lovers
PC Lovers
17 : Once the Website is Complete , Compress !
By zipping your CSS and Javascript files , you can reduce the size of each file by a substantial 25 % or so .
Please do n't bother doing this while still in development .
However , once the site is , more - or - less , complete , utilize a few online compression programs to save yourself some bandwidth .
Javascript Compression Services
CSS Compression Services
18 : Cut , Cut , Cut
Looking back on my first website , I must have had a SEVERE case of divitis .
Your natural instinct is to safely wrap each paragraph with a div , and then wrap it with one more div for good measure .
As you 'll quickly learn , this is highly inefficient .
Once you 've completed your markup , go over it two more times and find ways to reduce the number of elements on the page .
Does that UL really need its own wrapping div ?
I think not .
Just as the key to writing is to " cut , cut , cut , " the same holds true for your markup .
19 : All Images Require " Alt " Attributes
It 's easy to ignore the necessity for alt attributes within image tags .
Nevertheless , it 's very important , for accessibility and validation reasons , that you take an extra moment to fill these sections in .
Bad
Better
20 : Stay up Late
I highly doubt that I 'm the only one who , at one point while learning , looked up and realized that I was in a pitch - dark room well into the early , early morning .
If you 've found yourself in a similar situation , rest assured that you 've chosen the right field .
The amazing " AHHA " moments , at least for me , always occur late at night .
This was the case when I first began to understand exactly what Javascript closures were .
It 's a great feeling that you need to experience , if you have n't already .
21 : View Source
What better way to learn HTML than to copy your heroes ?
Initially , we 're all copiers !
Then slowly , you begin to develop your own styles / methods .
So visit the websites of those you respect .
How did they code this and that section ?
Learn and copy from them .
We all did it , and you should too .
( Do n't steal the design ; just learn from the coding style . )
Notice any cool Javascript effects that you 'd like to learn ?
It 's likely that he 's using a plugin to accomplish the effect .
View the source and search the HEAD tag for the name of the script .
Then Google it and implement it into your own site !
Yay .
22 : Style ALL Elements
This best practice is especially true when designing for clients .
Just because you have n't use a blockquote does n't mean that the client wo n't .
Never use ordered lists ?
That does n't mean he wo n't !
Do yourself a service and create a special page specifically to show off the styling of every element : ul , ol , p , h1 - h6 , blockquotes , etc .
23 : Use Twitter
Lately , I can't turn on the TV without hearing a reference to Twitter ; it 's really become rather obnoxious .
I do n't have a desire to listen to Larry King advertise his Twitter account - which we all know he does n't manually update .
Yay for assistants !
Also , how many moms signed up for accounts after Oprah 's approval ?
We can only long for the day when it was just a few of us who were aware of the service and its " water cooler " potential .
Initially , the idea behind Twitter was to post " what you were doing . "
Though this still holds true to a small extent , it 's become much more of a networking tool in our industry .
If a web dev writer that I admire posts a link to an article he found interesting , you better believe that I 'm going to check it out as well - and you should too !
This is the reason why sites like Digg are quickly becoming more and more nervous .
24 : Learn Photoshop
Photoshop is open pretty much 24/7 on my computer .
In fact , Photoshop may very well become the more important tool you have .
Once you 've learned HTML and CSS , I would personally recommend that you then learn as many Photoshop techniques as possible .
25 : Learn Each HTML Tag
There are literally dozens of HTML tags that you wo n't come across every day .
Nevertheless , that does n't mean you should n't learn them !
Are you familiar with the " abbr " tag ?
What about " cite " ?
These two alone deserve a spot in your tool - chest .
Learn all of them !
By the way , in case you 're unfamiliar with the two listed above :
abbr does pretty much what you 'd expect .
It refers to an abbreviation .
" Blvd " could be wrapped in a < abbr > tag because it's an abbreviation for " boulevard " .
does pretty much what you 'd expect .
It refers to an abbreviation .
" Blvd " could be wrapped in a < abbr > tag because it's an abbreviation for " boulevard " .
cite is used to reference the title of some work .
For example , if you reference this article on your own blog , you could put " 30 HTML Best Practices for Beginners " within a < cite > tag .
Note that it should n't be used to reference the author of a quote .
This is a common misconception .
26 : Participate in the Community
Just as sites like ours contributes greatly to further a web developer 's knowledge , you should too !
Finally figured out how to float your elements correctly ?
Make a blog posting to teach others how .
There will always be those with less experience than you .
Not only will you be contributing to the community , but you 'll also teach yourself .
Ever notice how you do n't truly understand something until you 're forced to teach it ?
27 : Use a CSS Reset
This is another area that 's been debated to death .
CSS resets : to use or not to use ; that is the question .
If I were to offer my own personal advice , I 'd 100 % recommend that you create your own reset file .
Begin by downloading a popular one , like Eric Meyer's , and then slowly , as you learn more , begin to modify it into your own .
If you do n't do this , you wo n't truly understand why your list items are receiving that extra bit of padding when you did n't specify it anywhere in your CSS file .
Save yourself the anger and reset everything !
This one should get you started .
28 : Line 'em Up !
Generally speaking , you should strive to line up your elements as best as possible .
Take a look at you favorite designs .
Did you notice how each heading , icon , paragraph , and logo lines up with something else on the page ?
Not doing this is one of the biggest signs of a beginner .
Think of it this way :
If I ask why you placed an element in that spot , you should be able to give me an exact reason .
29 : Slice a PSD
Okay , so you 've gained a solid grasp of HTML , CSS , and Photoshop .
The next step is to convert your first PSD into a working website .
Do n't worry ; it 's not as tough as you might think .
I can't think of a better way to put your skills to the test .
If you need assistance , review these in depth video tutorials that show you exactly how to get the job done .
30 : Do n't Use a Framework ... Yet
Frameworks , whether they be for Javascript or CSS are fantastic ; but please do n't use them when first getting started .
Though it could be argued that jQuery and Javascript can be learned simultaneously , the same can't be made for CSS .
I 've personally promoted the 960 CSS Framework , and use it often .
Having said that , if you 're still in the process of learning CSS -- meaning the first year -- you 'll only make yourself more confused if you use one .
CSS frameworks are for experienced developers who want to save themselves a bit of time .
They 're not for beginners .
Jenny Sanford , wife of cheating South Carolina governor Mark Sanford , released her statement about his Argentinian affair , explaining that the reason she had no idea where he was this past week is because she kicked him out of the house .
I would like to start by saying I love my husband and I believe I have put forth every effort possible to be the best wife I can be during our almost twenty years of marriage .
As well , for the last fifteen years my husband has been fully engaged in public service to the citizens and taxpayers of this state and I have faithfully supported him in those efforts to the best of my ability .
I have been and remain proud of his accomplishments and his service to this state .
I personally believe that the greatest legacy I will leave behind in this world is not the job I held on Wall Street , or the campaigns I managed for Mark , or the work I have done as First Lady or even the philanthropic activities in which I have been routinely engaged .
Instead , the greatest legacy I will leave in this world is the character of the children I , or we , leave behind .
It is for that reason that I deeply regret the recent actions of my husband Mark , and their potential damage to our children .
I believe wholeheartedly in the sanctity , dignity and importance of the institution of marriage .
I believe that has been consistently reflected in my actions .
When I found out about my husband 's infidelity I worked immediately to first seek reconciliation through forgiveness , and then to work diligently to repair our marriage .
We reached a point where I felt it was important to look my sons in the eyes and maintain my dignity , self - respect , and my basic sense of right and wrong .
I therefore asked my husband to leave two weeks ago .
This trial separation was agreed to with the goal of ultimately strengthening our marriage .
During this short separation it was agreed that Mark would not contact us .
I kept this separation quiet out of respect of his public office and reputation , and in hopes of keeping our children from just this type of public exposure .
Because of this separation , I did not know where he was in the past week .
I believe enduring love is primarily a commitment and an act of will , and for a marriage to be successful , that commitment must be reciprocal .
I believe Mark has earned a chance to resurrect our marriage .
Psalm 127 states that sons are a gift from the Lord and children a reward from Him .
I will continue to pour my energy into raising our sons to be honorable young men .
I remain willing to forgive Mark completely for his indiscretions and to welcome him back , in time , if he continues to work toward reconciliation with a true spirit of humility and repentance .
This is a very painful time for us and I would humbly request now that members of the media respect the privacy of my boys and me as we struggle together to continue on with our lives and as I seek the wisdom of Solomon , the strength and patience of Job and the grace of God in helping to heal my family .
Bästa Flash spel just nu
Spela flash spel är ett bra sätt att ha lite kul och koppla av under din lediga tid .
Det finns hundratals flash spel tillgängliga , som spänner över en mängd olika genrer .
Nedan listas några av de bästa flash spel som erbjuds just nu .
Vilka spel du väljer att spela är verkligen upp till personliga preferenser .
Jacksmith
Med Jacksmith , spelar du som en smed i en liten stad .
Målet med spelet är att bygga vapen för lokala klaner .
Klaner använda dessa vapen under striden , och resultatet av striderna är beroende av hur väl utformad dina vapen är. Klanerna kommer att hjälpa dig att besegra monster , och slutligen besegra den stora guiden Dudley och rädda prinsessan .
Totalt sett är det ett roligt spel , med tillräckligt mini -spel att hålla dig underhållen .
Kingdom Rush Frontiers
Kingdom Rush gränser är ett torn försvar spel .
Spelare placera torn på en bana för att besegra vågor av fiender , som drakar .
Du måste besegra vågor innan de kommer till slutet av sökvägen .
Förutom att använda torn för att besegra fiender , kan du också använda speciella förmågor .
I Kingdom Rush gränser , kan du bygga en mängd olika torn och uppgradera dem också , som håller spelet intressant .
Strikeforce Kitty 2
Strikeforce Kitty 2 är uppföljaren till flashspel Strikeforce Kitty .
I den andra delen , du måste träna och förbereda dina kattungar slåss mot onda rävar , som vill döda kattungarnas samhället .
Decision 2 : New City
Decision 2 : New City är uppföljaren till spelet Decision .
Det är en zombie skjutspel .
I spelet måste du kämpa zombies med hjälp av olika vapen , i en stadsmiljö .
I det här spelet , måste du göra anspråk på territorium från zombies , och kämpa horder av zombies .
I slutändan , det finns ett brett utbud av flash spel tillgängliga , så om du njuta av tornförsvarsspel eller slåss zombies , du är säker på att hitta ett spel som passar just dig och dina önskemål .
Fiji 's interim prime minister Frank Bainimarama says freedom of speech causes trouble and is to blame for the country 's political turmoil .
Commodore Bainimarama has imposed tough restrictions on local and international media in Fiji , including stationing military censors in newsrooms and deporting ABC journalist Sean Dorney back to Australia .
This morning his government also shut down ABC Radio Australia 's transmitters in Fiji .
Commodore Bainimarama , who first took power in a 2006 coup , says Fiji does not need free and open public discussion about current issues .
" That was how we ended up with what we came up with in the last couple of days , " he told Radio New Zealand this morning .
" If we [ the Government and the media ] had worked together from 2006 , we would n't have had that happen to us .
" The circumstances have changed .
We [ the Government ] now decide what needs to be done for our country , for the reforms that need to be put in place for us to have a better Fiji .
" We want to come up with these reforms and the last thing we want to do is have opposition to these reforms throughout .
" So that was the reason we 've come up with emergency regulations . "
Commodore Bainimarama says other countries have nothing to do with the situation in Fiji .
" This is nothing to do with the Australian or New Zealand Governments .
This is to do with Fiji and the people of Fiji , " he said .
" This is the practicality on the ground .
We want changes ; we 're going to come up with changes ; we 're going to provide those changes . "
The Commodore says media restrictions will be lifted " hopefully in a month " .
When asked if a Radio New Zealand journalist could travel to Fiji and report on whatever they pleased , Commodore Bainimarama answered : " There is no need ; ask me the questions and I 'll tell you " .
Top lawyer arrested
Meanwhile there are calls today for the military government to release the president of the Fiji Law Society , Dorsami Naidu .
Mr Naidu was arrested yesterday after he went on ABC Radio and criticised the sacking of the country 's judges and censoring of local journalists .
All of Fiji 's judges were sacked last week after the President abrogated the constitution .
The supervisor of elections , the ombudsman , the auditor - general , the director of public prosecutions , the commissioner of police , and the governor of the Reserve Bank of Fiji have also been removed .
Former Fiji Law Society vice - president Tupou Draunidalu has told AM's Michael Vincent that anyone who speaks out can expect to be detained .
" Yesterday , at about 11 or 12 [ o' clock ] we were having a cup of tea at a kiosk across the road from the Lautoka High Court , " he said .
" A policeman showed up , and they asked if they could have a chat to him , and asked him if he would go down to the station with them .
" He drove his own vehicle there , and they questioned him , interviewed him all of yesterday , then they said they 'd keep him overnight .
" It 's yet to be confirmed , but I think the line of questioning was that he had called an unlawful meeting of lawyers yesterday at the Lautoka High Court .
" That 's the allegation under the new emergency regulation . "
Mr Draunidalu said many people in Fiji were afraid to speak out against the regime 's latest moves .
" I do n't think you would get too many people to take the risk , and that 's completely understandable , " he said .
" We 're not dealing here with a situation where certainty is to the law .
" We are dealing here with a situation where , you know , there are tyrants , or a tyrant , and there are guns running around .
So you speak and you take risks at your peril . "
I am going to do my best to hold your attention until the very last word of this column .
Actually , I know it ’s futile .
Along the way , your mind will wander off , then return , then drift away again .
But I can console myself with some recent research on the subject of mind wandering .
Mind wandering is not necessarily the sign of a boring column .
It ’s just one of the things that make us human .
Everybody knows what it is like for our minds to wander , and yet , for a long time psychologists shied away from examining the experience .
It seemed too elusive and subjective to study scientifically .
Only in the past decade have they even measured just how common mind wandering is .
The answer is very .
Some of the most striking evidence comes from Jonathan Schooler , a psychologist at the University of California at Santa Barbara who is one of the leading researchers on mind wandering .
In 2005 he and his colleagues told a group of undergraduates to read the opening chapters of War and Peace on a computer monitor and then to tap a key whenever they realized they were not thinking about what they were reading .
On average , the students reported that their minds wandered 5.4 times in a 45 - minute session .
Other researchers have gotten similar results with simpler tasks , such as pronouncing words or pressing a button in response to seeing particular letters and numbers .
Depending on the experiment , people spend up to half their time not thinking about the task at hand — even when they ’ve been told explicitly to pay attention .
Psychologists have also discovered ways to increase and decrease mind wandering .
Jonathan Smallwood , a colleague of Schooler ’s at UC Santa Barbara , instructed subjects to tap a key every time they saw a new number appear on a computer screen but to hold off tapping if the number was three .
The more quickly the numbers came , the less often the subjects ’ minds wandered .
But as people practiced the task and became more familiar with it , their mind wandering increased .
Smallwood has also found that mood affects mind wandering :
If he showed people a short video about a sick dog before they performed the task , for example , they spent more time mind wandering than did a separate group that had watched a comedy clip .
Alcohol tweaks mind wandering in a particularly interesting way , as Schooler and his colleagues report in a new paper entitled “ Lost in the Sauce , ” published in Psychological Science .
The psychologists ran the War and Peace experiment again , but this time after serving their subjects some vodka with cranberry juice .
Drunk readers actually reported less mind wandering than sober people did .
That does not mean that you should swill vodka if you want a laser focus on Tolstoy ’s deathless prose , though .
Schooler has shown that there are , in fact , two kinds of mind wandering : mind wandering when you are aware that you ’re thinking about something else and mind wandering without awareness .
He calls this second kind “ zoning out . ”
To determine which kind of mind wandering people experience , Schooler and his collaborators told the participants in the War and Peace experiment to report their own drifting but also asked them every few minutes if they were thinking of something else .
If people responded to those questions with a yes , that meant they were n’t aware enough of their own minds to report their mind wandering on their own .
These experiments show that we spend about 13 percent of our time zoning out .
But when we are drunk , that figure doubles .
In other words , inebriated subjects report less mind wandering only because they are less aware of their own minds .
When our minds wander , we lose touch with the outside world .
We do n’t actually black out , of course , but we are more likely to make mistakes , fail to encode memories , or miss a connection .
Zoning out makes us particularly prone to these errors .
Schooler and Smallwood , along with Merrill McSpadden of the University of British Columbia , tested the effect of zoning out by having a test group read a Sherlock Holmes mystery in which a villain used a pseudonym .
As people were reading the passages discussing this fact , the researchers checked their state of attentiveness .
Just 30 percent of the people who were zoning out at the key moments could give the villain ’s pseudonym , while 61 percent of the people who were n’t zoning out at those moments succeeded .
These results are shocking when you stop to think about them .
Each of us has a magnificent hive of billions of neurons in our head , joined to each other by trillions of connections .
The human brain is arguably the most complex organ in the natural world .
And yet studies on mind wandering are showing that we find it difficult to stay focused for more than a few minutes on even the easiest tasks , despite the fact that we make mistakes whenever we drift away .
Neuroscientists are investigating this paradox by searching for the signatures of mind wandering in the brain .
To that end , Schooler and Smallwood recently ran yet another experiment ( pdf ) — this one in collaboration with Alan Gordon of Stanford University , University of British Columbia neuroscientist Kalina Christoff , and Christoff ’s graduate student Rachelle Smith .
The researchers put people in a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scanner and gave them the standard press - a - key - unless - you - see - three test .
From time to time they asked the subjects if they were paying attention to the task ; if they had n’t been , the researchers asked if they had been aware that their mind had wandered .
The subjects reported mind wandering 43 percent of the time they were asked .
In nearly half those cases , they said they had n’t been aware of their inattentiveness until the scientists asked .
Later , the scientists pored over the scans , looking closely at the activity in people ’s brains right before they were asked about their state of mind .
Overall , people who said they were mind wandering had a pattern of brain activity quite different from those who were focused on the task .
The regions of the brain that become active during mind wandering belong to two important networks .
One is known as the executive control system .
Located mainly in the front of the brain , these regions exert a top - down influence on our conscious and unconscious thought , directing the brain ’s activity toward important goals .
The other regions belong to another network called the default network .
In 2001 a group led by neuroscientist Marcus Raichle at Washington University discovered that this network was more active when people were simply sitting idly in a brain scanner than when they were asked to perform a particular task .
The default network also becomes active during certain kinds of self - referential thinking , such as reflecting on personal experiences or picturing yourself in the future .
The fact that both of these important brain networks become active together suggests that mind wandering is not useless mental static .
Instead , Schooler proposes , mind wandering allows us to work through some important thinking .
Our brains process information to reach goals , but some of those goals are immediate while others are distant .
Somehow we have evolved a way to switch between handling the here and now and contemplating long - term objectives .
It may be no coincidence that most of the thoughts that people have during mind wandering have to do with the future .
Even more telling is the discovery that zoning out may be the most fruitful type of mind wandering .
In their fMRI study , Schooler and his colleagues found that the default network and executive control systems are even more active during zoning out than they are during the less extreme mind wandering with awareness .
When we are no longer even aware that our minds are wandering , we may be able to think most deeply about the big picture .
Because a fair amount of mind wandering happens without our ever noticing , the solutions it lets us reach may come as a surprise .
There are many stories in the history of science of great discoveries occurring to people out of the blue .
The French mathematician Henri Poincaré once wrote about how he struggled for two weeks with a difficult mathematical proof .
He set it aside to take a bus to a geology conference , and the moment he stepped on the bus , the solution came to him .
It is possible that mind wandering led him to the solution .
John Kounios of Drexel University and his colleagues have done brain scans that capture the moment when people have a sudden insight that lets them solve a word puzzle .
Many of the regions that become active during those creative flashes belong to the default network and the executive control system as well .
Of course , being permanently zoned out has its downside .
It is one thing to drift away for a few lines of War and Peace .
But if you ’re pondering where you ’ll be in five years as you drive through a busy intersection , you may not be around in five years to find out .
Our brains delicately navigate between near - term and long - term thinking , monitoring our own awareness to make sure that we are not missing something vital .
Perhaps , Schooler and Smallwood argue , the secret to a good life is finding the balance between the two , the rhythm that brings harmony to the different timescales at which we live .
And if you are staring at that last sentence and wondering what on earth I ’m talking about , you might want to scan back a few paragraphs to find the spot where you zoned out .
Honestly , I wo n’t mind .
The U.S. dollar ’s day of reckoning may be inching closer as its status as a safe - haven currency fades with every uptick in stocks and commodities and its potential risks — debt and inflation — are brought under a harsher spotlight .
Ashraf Laidi , chief market strategist at CMC Markets , said Wednesday a “ serious case of dollar damage ” was underway .
“ We long warned about the day of reckoning for the dollar emerging at the next economic recovery , ” Mr. Laidi said in a note .
Mr. Laidi said economic recovery would weigh on the greenback as real demand for commodities , coupled with improved risk appetite , caused investors to seek higher yields in emerging markets and commodity currencies .
This would draw investment away from the U.S. dollar , which was dragged down by growing debt and the risk quantitative easing would eventually spark a surge in inflation .
The U.S. dollar slid against most major currencies Wednesday , hitting a five - month low of US $ 1.3775 against the euro and pushing the Canadian dollar up US1.21 ¢ to a seven - month high of US87.69 ¢ .
John Curran , the senior corporate dealer at Canadian Forex , said the U.S. dollar would likely fall further in the next week , with the Canadian dollar likely reaching about US88.35 ¢ , at which point it could break higher to test the US92.35 ¢ level .
“ The U.S. dollar is continuing to slide as investor appetite is gaining momentum , ” Mr. Curran said .
“ People are getting comfortable about taking on a little more risk . ”
The rise in the Canadian dollar has moved in lock - step with the improvement in equity markets since March 9 .
Over this time , the S&P 500 has risen by 34 % , the S&P / TSX composite index has gained 35 % and the Canadian dollar has increased by 14 % , equal to almost US11 ¢ .
Since Feb. 18 , light - crude oil has risen by 46 % to US $ 62.12 .
But as risk appetite and equities improve , Mr. Curran said it was unlikely the U.S. dollar would embark on a long - term decline .
“ While things are beginning to thaw , it does n’t mean it ’s full - on summertime just yet , ” he said .
“ A lot of people are looking for the Canadian dollar to strengthen dramatically again towards par .
I ’m not sure about that just yet . ”
Nevertheless , concern has been mounting that the increasing U.S. debt load , as well as a potential inflation time bomb in the form of the quantitative easing , could drag down the greenback .
Garnering attention is the risk the United States could lose its triple - A sovereign credit rating , which reflects the chance of the borrower defaulting on its debt .
“ By many measures , the U.S. appears just a few short steps away from losing its coveted triple - A status , unless the recovery turns out to be considerably stronger than expected and the fiscal repair is faster than commonly expected , ” said Douglas Porter , deputy chief economist at BMO Capital Markets .
“ A downgrade could boost the cost of funding U.S. debt at the margin , but underlying inflation and fiscal fundamentals will ultimately be the primary driver . ”
Despite the risk , Paul Ashworth , chief economist at Capital Economics , said the United States was unlikely to lose its rating .
But , in the event of a downgrade , he said it would probably not have a lasting impact on the U.S. dollar .
However , he said a big threat lurked in the country ’s expanded monetary base , which now stands at about US $ 1.8 - trillion .
While the expanded monetary base was needed to feed economic growth and ward off deflation under the Fed ’s quantitative easing plan , Mr. Ashworth said such high levels could fuel rampant inflation once broader monetary conditions improved .
He said it remained to be seen how much success the Fed will have when it decides to end its quantitative - easing plan and shrink the monetary base .
There are many female fertility doctors and clinics that perform IVF from Los Angeles to Santa Ana , CA to San Diego .
Dr. Spitz coordinates care with the best of these fertility doctors and IVF ( in vitro fertilization ) clinics .
In vitro fertilization may be the best option for select couples based on the recommendations from the woman ’s fertility doctor or Dr. Spitz .
The IVF clinic will provide the egg retrieval for the woman and Dr. Spitz will perform the sperm extraction required for in vitro fertilization .
We believe that male infertility can be successfully treated and we have proven it with our long and successful record of vasectomy reversals !
Men with fertility problems account for up to half of couples who fail to conceive , but most of these men have never been properly evaluated .
Facts reveal that over 500,000 men opt for vasectomy in the USA every year , yet the number opting for vasectomy reversal is in the thousands .
A vasectomy reversal is a need - driven , life - changing decision with far - reaching consequences for the male .
There are many reasons behind vasectomy reversal .
What ’s most important is that parenthood somehow becomes a critical issue in the man ’s life .
And we have the experience and expertise to help men reach their goals !
Dr. Spitz is a premier vasectomy reversal specialist in San Diego and surrounding areas .
VLC is the most popular video player across most computing platforms .
It ’s free , it ’s open source , and it ’s constantly updated to offer one of the most comfortable and customizable video - viewing experiences around .
It ’s also packed with dozens of lesser - known features , one of these being the ability to convert audio files between various formats .
Even though it ’s a video player , those good folks at VLC are still thinking of the audiophiles .
So we ’re going to show you how to convert audio files in VLC .
Note : VLC is capable of editing video files , too .
Convert Audio Files in VLC
First , update to the latest version of VLC ( you can do so from within the app by going to “ Help -> Check for Updates ” ) , then run it .
Click “ Media -> Convert / Save . ”
In the Open Media window that opens , under the File , tab click “ Add . ”
Select the file or files you want to convert .
You can select as many files as you like from a single folder by holding the Ctrl or Shift keys while you click the files .
Once you ’ve selected all your files , click Open , and they ’ll all appear in the “ Open Media ” window .
You can continue to add more files to convert from different folders by clicking the “ Add ” button .
Once you ’ve rounded up all the files you want to convert , click “ Convert / Save ” to be taken to the Convert window .
Here , you can ignore the two checkboxes for “ Display the output ” and “ Deinterlace ” ( which relates to video files ) .
The crucial thing is to click the Profile drop - down menu and go to the Audio section to select an audio format to convert to , then click Start .
Create Your Own Conversion Profile
If you do n’t quite find the audio format you ’re looking for in the drop - down or want to create files with different parameters to the presets , click the far right icon next to the Profile drop - down ( Create a new profile ) , then the “ Audio codec ” tab .
Give the new profile a name at the top , then click the Audio checkbox .
Now you can specify which codec you ’d like to convert your audio file to ( we picked AAC to demonstrate ) , the bitrate you ’d like to convert it to , and the number of output channels you ’ll be playing it on ( 2 for Stereo , 5 for 5.1 surround , etc. ) .
We recommend setting the sample rate to 44100 Hz or 48000 Hz for CD - level quality , but , of course , you can go lower if you ’re looking for a smaller file size .
When you ’re done creating your own profile , click “ Create . ”
This will take you back to the Convert window where your unconverted files will still be waiting for you .
Click the Profile drop - down , select the profile you created , then click Start .
VLC will now convert your audio files , putting them in the same folder alongside the original files .
If you ever want to edit or tweak the profile you created , just click the wrench icon next to the Profile drop - down menu in the Convert window .
Conclusion
And that ’s how you convert audio files in VLC player !
The method to convert video files in VLC is pretty much the same , except using video files of course , and you can even convert videos and audio from the Internet by using the ‘ Network ’ tab in the Open Media window .
VLC proves once again why it ’s everybody ’s favorite multimedia player .
Related :
A single American Special Forces group was behind at least three of Afghanistan 's worst civilian casualty incidents , The Independent has learnt , raising fundamental questions about their ongoing role in the conflict .
Troops from the US Marines Corps ' Special Operations Command , or MarSOC , were responsible for calling in air strikes in Bala Boluk , in Farah , last week – believed to have killed more than 140 men , women and children – as well as two other incidents in 2007 and 2008 .
News of MarSOC 's involvement in the three incidents comes just days after a Special Forces expert , Lieutenant - General Stanley McChrystal , was named to take over as the top commander of US and Nato troops in Afghanistan .
His surprise appointment has prompted speculation that commando counterinsurgency missions will increase in the battle to beat the Taliban .
MarSOC was created three years ago on the express orders of Donald Rumsfeld , US defence secretary at the time , despite opposition from within the Marine Corps and the wider Special Forces community .
An article in the Marine Corps Times described the MarSOC troops as " cowboys " who brought shame on the corps .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The first controversial incident involving the unit happened just three weeks into its first deployment to Afghanistan on 4 March 2007 .
Speeding away from a suicide bomb attack close to the Pakistan border , around 120 men from Fox Company opened fire on civilians near Jalalabad , in Nangahar province .
The Marines said they were shot at after the explosion ; eyewitnesses said the Americans fired indiscriminately at pedestrians and civilian cars , killing at least 19 people .
The US Army commander in Nangahar at the time , Colonel John Nicholson , said he was " deeply ashamed " and described the incident as " a stain on our honour " .
The Marines ' tour was cut short after a second incident on 9 March in which they allegedly rolled a car and fired on traffic again , and they were flown out of Afghanistan a few weeks later .
The top Special Operations officer at US Central Command , Army Major General Frank Kearney , refuted MarSOC 's claims that they had been shot at .
" We found no brass that we can confirm that small - arms fire came at them , " he said , referring to ammunition casings .
" We have testimony from Marines that is in conflict with unanimous testimony from civilians . "
At the military hearings on the incident , which were held back in the US , soldiers said the MarSOC troops , who called themselves Taskforce Violence , were gung - ho and hungry to prove themselves in battle .
The inquiry also heard testimony suggesting there were tensions between the Marine unit and its US Army counterparts in Nangahar province .
Col Nicholson told the court the unit would routinely stray into areas under his control without telling him , ignoring usual military courtesies .
" There had been potentially 25 operations in my area of operations that I , as a commander , was not aware of , " he said .
Asked about the moment he was told of the March shootout , he added : " My initial reaction was , ' What are they doing out there ? ' "
The three - week military inquiry ultimately spared the Marine unit from criminal charges .
There are around 2,500 troops in MarSOC .
Around half are frontline troops , the rest are support and maintenance .
Originally the unit was used to plug gaps in the Special Forces world and it has operated in more than 16 countries since being set up by Mr Rumsfeld in 2006 .
However , in a recent interview , its commanding officer , Major General Mastin Robeson , revealed he has been ordered to focus on Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Today MarSOC answers to the Combined Forces Special Operations Component Command , based in Kabul .
That in turn answers to US Forces Afghanistan , which is led by the top US commander , David McKiernan , who is soon to be replaced by General McChrystal .
In August last year , a 20 - man MarSOC unit , fighting alongside Afghan commandos , directed fire from unmanned drones , attack helicopters and a cannon - armed Spectre gunship into compounds in Azizabad , in Herat province , leaving more than 90 people dead – many of them children .
And just last week , MarSOC troops called in the Bala Baluk air strikes to rescue an Afghan police patrol that had been ambushed in countryside in Farah province .
US officials said two F18 fighter jets and a B1 bomber had swooped because men on the ground were overwhelmed .
But villagers said the most devastating bombs were dropped on compounds some distance from the fighting , long after the battle was over , and when Taliban forces were retreating .
Afghan officials said up to 147 people were killed , including more than 90 women and children .
US officials dispute the number of people killed in each of the MarSOC incidents , which sparked angry public demonstrations and condemnation from Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
The spokesman for US forces in Afghanistan , Colonel Greg Julian , denied reports that commanders have lost confidence in the Marine unit .
" MarSOC was involved in these incidents , but it 's not all the same guys .
They get the lessons passed on from all of the rotations and experiences .
Yet , they are human , " he said .
" They have the same rules of engagement that everyone has . "
The so - called " tactical directive " was introduced last September in the wake of the international uproar that followed the Azizabad deaths .
It requires troops to exercise " proportionality , restraint , and utmost discrimination " when calling in air strikes .
Claims that bombs were dropped in last week 's incident in Farah long after the fighting finished suggest those directives may not have been followed by MarSOC .
Meanwhile , Afghan MPs have called for new laws to regulate the presence of foreign forces in Afghanistan , and limit use of air strikes , house searches and Special Forces operations .
Sayed Hussein Alemi Balkhi , one of the chief proponents of the planned legislation , said : " Special Forces , all forces , should be regulated by the law .
If they wo n't accept that we have to ask bigger questions about what they are doing here . "
Ergowear style ESMP08B
Item No. 3449
Ergowear 's MAX Light bikini sports brief is fitted with an amazing three - dimensional pouch .
It provides minimal coverage in both front and back for an incredibly sexy look .
The pouch provides an exclusive shape - enhancing yet very comfortable lifting effect with extra room up front .
The signature 1 1/ 4 inch waistband gives it an masculine , athletic look .
MAX Light is made of Modal - Lycra .
Like cotton , Modal is made from natural fibers ( cellulose in this case ) .
It wicks away moisture and is more resistant to shrinkage than cotton .
Ergowear calls it MAX
Light because it is a much lighter fabric by weight , and softer to touch than the original MAX .
Beautifully made in Chile with incredible attention to detail .
Find Coloring Page :
ONLINE COLORING BOOK PAGES
You can save your interactive online coloring pages that you have created in your gallery , print the coloring pages to your printer , or email them to friends and family .
These coloring pages are fun and they also help children develop important skills such as color concepts , the names of the 192 colors , eye - hand coordination , picture comprehension .
These skills form the foundation for early learning success
No java , flash or applet is necessary to load our online coloring pages .
The pages load immediately so you can start coloring immediately .
If you would like to save your gallery of pictures on TheColor.com you can do so by registering for our site .
We will never spam our users as we are COPPA ; compliant so open an account start coloring online for free Today !
Feel free to contact us if there are any coloring pages you would like us to add to our site .
If you want to email us the gif files of free coloring pages you have drawn we will add them to our online coloring site .
Also please let us know if you have any suggestions as our goal is to be # 1 online destination for online coloring .
Our goal is to constantly build our pictures to color online and we will be adding new pictures to color every week .
Thank you .
TheColor.com Management Team
Treat drug use as illness rather than crime , UN drug chief saysPolice urged to target traffickers instead of users28 million ' physically or psychologically ' drug - dependent
Drug use should be treated more as an illness than a crime , the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime said as he claimed a decline in the production of cocaine and heroin worldwide .
" People who take drugs need medical help , not criminal retribution , " said Antonio Maria Costa , director of UNODC , calling for universal access to drug treatment .
Since people with serious drug problems provided the bulk of drug demand , treating this problem was one of the best ways of shrinking the market .
His call for international law enforcement to target traffickers rather than users came as it was announced that there is a worldwide growth in synthetic drugs .
Drug law reformers saw Costa 's words as a significant sign in the debate over the " war on drugs " .
However , he said that legalisation was not the answer .
Opium and cocaine production
Opium cultivation in Afghanistan , where 93 % of the world 's opium is grown , declined 19 % in 2008 , according to the UN world drug report .
In Colombia , which produces half of the world 's cocaine , cultivation of coca fell 18 % while production declined 28 % compared with 2007 .
Global coca production , at 845 tonnes , was said to be at a five - year low , despite some increases in cultivation in Peru and Bolivia .
Stronger cannabis
Cannabis remains the most widely cultivated and used drug around the world , although estimates are less precise .
Data also show that it is more harmful than commonly believed , said the report .
The average THC content ( the harmful psychotropic component ) of hydroponic marijuana in North America almost doubled in the past decade .
" This has major health implications as evidenced by a significant rise in the number of people seeking treatment , " said the report .
The world 's biggest markets for cannabis were North America , Oceania , and western Europe .
For cocaine , North America and some parts of western Europe remain the main markets , with the UK having the highest number of users and Spain the highest number per capita and the largest number of seizures .
The report accepted that data for developing countries was sketchy .
Roughly 167 million users tried cannabis at least once in 2007 .
Among the findings of the report was a decline in cannabis use among young people in Europe .
This was seen by the report 's lead author , Dr Sandeep Chawla , as a reaction to concerns about the potential side - effects of the much stronger strains of the drug , particularly skunk .
Drug seizures
The report concluded that : illegal drug seizures were up in 2007 and all drug seizure totals were close to all - time highs ; approximately 28 million people are heavy users who are likely to be " physically or psychologically dependent " on drugs ; opiates and cocaine have around 18 million users each ; an estimated 11 million to 21 million people worldwide inject drugs ; between 16 million and 50 million people were amphetamine - group users in the past year , and about 17 million people took ecstasy .
Costa called for " an end to the tragedy of cities out of control " .
In the same way that most illicit cultivation takes place in regions out of government control , most drugs are sold in city neighbourhoods where public order has broken down .
" Housing , jobs , education , public services , and recreation can make communities less vulnerable to drugs and crime , " he added .
Tackling organised crime
He said that governments should enforce international agreements against organised crime but international crime - fighting instruments like the UN conventions against organised crime and corruption were not being used .
" Too many states have crime problems of their own making , " said Costa .
" Current instruments to tackle money laundering and cybercrime are inadequate . "
Changes were taking place in many of the markets , the report suggests .
" The $ 50bn global cocaine market is undergoing seismic shifts .
Purity levels and seizures [ in main consumer countries ] are down , prices are up , and consumption patterns are in flux .
This may help explain the gruesome upsurge of violence in countries like Mexico .
In Central America , cartels are fighting for a shrinking market . "
Legalisation
Costa acknowledged that controls have generated an illicit black market that uses violence and corruption but said that legalising drugs would be " a historic mistake " .
He encouraged police to focus on the small number of high - profile , high - volume , and violent criminals instead of the large volumes of petty offenders .
In some countries , the ratio of people imprisoned for drug use compared with drug trafficking was five to one .
" This is a waste of money for the police , and a waste of lives for those thrown in jail .
Go after the piranhas , not the minnows , " said Costa .
Conclusions challenged
The report 's conclusions were challenged by Transform , a British drugs charity with special consultative status with the UN .
" Despite the ongoing attempts to put a positive spin on the data there is no hiding from the reality that the era of global drug prohibition , enshrined in the three UN drug conventions ( 1961 , 1971 and 1988 ) , has witnessed a consistent escalation in harms associated with illicit drug production , supply and use , " said Danny Kushlick , head of policy at Transform .
" The UNODC will go through its annual charade of telling the world that it has ' contained ' the drug problem and that they finally have organised crime gangs in their sights .
But even their own propaganda cannot disguise the shocking long - term failure of international drug control efforts or disguise the fact that the UNODC oversees the system that gifts the vast illegal drug market to violent criminal profiteers , with disastrous consequences . "
Optus has been slashing broadband speeds to half the level advertised for customers who exceed their monthly download allowance .
Customers of Optus 's " Naked " ADSL broadband plans have their internet speeds throttled down to 64 kbps for the rest of the month once they exceed their 7GB , 15 GB or 30 GB monthly allowance .
This is half the speed of 128 kbps that is listed in the terms and conditions published on the Optus website and about the same speed offered by ancient dial - up modems .
As of today , June 1 , 2009 , even U.S. citizens are officially prisoners in the USA , or exiles barred from entering our own country without the government ’s permission .
We are now forbidden by Federal regulations from leaving or entering the USA , anywhere , by any means — by air , by sea , or by land , to or from any other country or international waters or airspace — unless the government chooses to issue us a passport , passport card , or “ enhanced ” drivers license ( any of which “ travel documents ” are now issued only with secretly and remotely - readable uniquely - numbered radio tracking beacons in the form of RFID transponder chips ) , or unless the Department of Homeland Security chooses to to exercise its standardless “ discretion ” to decide — in secret , with no way for us to know who is making the decision or on what basis — to issue a ( one - time case - by - case ) “ waiver ” of the new travel document requirements .
If you ’re in the USA without such documents — even if you were born here , or are a foreigner who entered the USA legally without such documents ( a Canadian , for example , who entered the USA by land yesterday when no such documents were yet required ) , or your document (s ) have expired or have been lost or stolen — you are forbidden to leave the country unless and until you procure such a document , or unless and until the DHS gives you an exit permit in the form of a discretionary one - time waiver to leave the country — but not necessarily to come home , unless they again exercise their discretion to “ grant ” you another waiver .
If you are a U.S. citizen abroad without such a document ( for example , if you entered Canada legally without it yesterday by land , when it was n’t required , or again if your document (s ) are expired , lost , or stolen ) you are forbidden to come home unless and until you can procure a new document acceptable to the DHS , or unless and until the DHS gives you permission to come home in the form of a discretionary one - time waiver .
The DHS admits , at the top of its GetYouHome.gov propaganda website , that it might take “ several weeks ” to obtain such a document if you do n’t have one already or if it expires or is lost or stolen .
A temporary paper drivers license without a photo , or even a standard photo licnese or state ID , wo n’t suffice — only an extra - fee EDL with an RFID chip , which also takes several weeks to obtain in those few states that issue them at all .
Backlogs for even “ rush ” passport issuance can be even longer , as we pointed out in our comments to the DHS .
It does n’t matter if your next - of - kin is dying in Canada or Mexico .
( Suppose a relative gets sick or injured , and needs you there to make medical decisons or escort them home , but you were’t going on the trip with them , and do n’t have a passport . )
You ca n’t go unless the U.S. government approves your papers or approves a standardless discretionary “ waiver ” for you to leave the U.S. — which wo n’t guarantee that they ’ll let you come back .
This is the final stage , effective June 1 , 2009 , of implementation of the so - called “ Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative ” ( WHTI ) .
The latest amendments to the regulations remove the last of the former general exceptions , for land travel between the USA , Canada , and Mexico , to the general rule requiring passports in the ( unconsitutional but as yet untested ) Federal statute at 8 U.S.C. 1185 ( b ) :
1185 .
Travel control of citizens and aliens ( b ) Citizens Except as otherwise provided by the President and subject to such limitations and exceptions as the President may authorize and prescribe , it shall be unlawful for any citizen of the United States to depart from or enter , or attempt to depart from or enter , the United States unless he bears a valid United States passport .
You do n’t need us to tell you what ’s wrong with this picture .
But if you want it spelled out , you can read the comments here and here that we submitted to the DHS when they proposed the WHTI regulations imposing these ID and exit and entry permit requirments , first for airports and seaports and then for land border crossings .
We should n’t have needed to point out to the DHS that the WHTI travel document requirements are in flagrant violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) , one of the most important human rights treaties which the U.S. has signed and ratified .
Article 12 of the ICCPR guarantees that , “ Everyone shall be free to leave any country , including his own , ” and “ No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of the right to enter his own country . ”
This article of the ICCPR has been interpreted by the U.N. Human Rights Committee ( and by the U.S. when it has criticized other countries such as Cuba for their exit restrictions on their citizens ) as making those rights near - absolute .
The WHTI document rules are also in violation of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the NAFTA Implemdentation Act , by imposing a barrier to Canadians and Mexicans wishing to come to the U.S. to compete for business — the requirement for a passport or enhanced drivers license ( EDL ) — that does n’t apply to U.S. citizens doing business within the U.S .
And that ’s not to mention the incompatibility with the U.S. Constitution of these restrictions on travel , movement , and assembly .
DHS APIS regulations already require airlines to obtain individualized prior permission from the DHS before they allow anyone ( even a U.S. citizen ) to enter , leave or transit the U.S. by air , and the the Secure Flight scheme will require the same for domestic flights as soon as the travel industry can build the elaborate and expensive infrastructure needed for such a real - time travel surveillance and control program .
Meanwhile , the DHS is exapnding their assertion of similar and increasingly intrusive powers of search , seizure , interrogation , and above all surveillance ( monitoring and logging ) and control of travel and movement within the U.S. through warrantless , suspicionless checkpoints on roads that do n’t cross any border and are up to 100 miles from coasts or borders , and at airports for passengers on domestic flights .
Previous court decisions upholding government discretion in whether or not to issue passoports has been premised on the assumption that passports were useful to facitlitate travel , but were not required for travel or for the exercise of any other rights .
Those decisions will , obviously , need to be revisited in light of the fact that government - issued documents are now explicitly required as a condition of the exercise of those aspects of the right to travel — the right of anyone to leave the U.S. , and the right of U.S. citizens to return to our own country — that are most explicitly guaranteed by international treaties to which the U.S. is a part , and which under the U.S. Constitution are “ the supreme law of the land ” .
The DHS is cleverly saying that at first they will only issue warnings and waivers , in most cases , to U.S. citizens seeking to enter or leave the U.S. without the newly - required travel documents .
Presumably , they hope that the new ID and permission - based travel control regime will become a well - established fait accompli before anyone is able to bring a court challenge of a DHS decision to bar someone from leaving the U.S. , or barring a U.S. citizen from entering the country .
Technology.am ( June 03 , 2009 ) —
Web analytics firm StatCounter said that Norway ’s Opera Software overtook Apple ’s iPhone browser in May as the most popular mobile browser in the world .
Aodhan Cullen , chief executive of StatCounter , said , “ Opera began the year in the number one slot but iPhone overtook it in February . ”
In the month of May , 24.6 percent of all Internet pages that were downloaded to mobile devices globally through Opera ’s browser and 22.3 percent via iPhone .
Nokia retained third place in mobile browsers with 17.9 percent of the market , StatCounter said .
Opera sells its browser to many cellphone makers and operators , and consumers can directly download it for free , while the Apple browser ’s ranking reflects only iPhone users surfing the Internet .
Sukkot 2020 : When is Sukkot ?
What is Sukkot ?
SUKKOT 2020 starts later this week , giving Jewish people around the world another holiday to celebrate within the space of a month .
When is Sukkot , and what is it ?
OF all the neighborhoods that lie along Seattle ’s Lake Union , the industrial district known as South Lake Union seems to have languished the longest .
With nothing but boat and auto retailers , modest homes and takeout joints , few visitors ventured there , except perhaps to shop at the flagship REI store .
But that ’s changing , thanks in part to the Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen .
The upgrade was n’t easy .
During the 1990s , local leaders tried to build something called Seattle Commons , an 80 - acre park in the middle of South Lake Union , as a development anchor .
But city voters rejected the plan in 1995 and 1996 as too costly , among other reasons .
Following the failed vote , Mr. Allen wound up with approximately 10 acres .
Instead of letting the area lie fallow , his company , Vulcan , ultimately amassed 60 acres in a private push to convert South Lake Union into a biotech and residential hub  a kind of city within a city .
Five years later , the vision of a new South Lake Union is finally taking shape  from a drive - by no - man ’s - land to a high - tech community dotted with gleaming office towers , cafes , a new farmers ’ market and a lakefront park .
Sydney FC defender Sebastian Ryall has been suspended from the A - League after being charged with engaging in a sexual act with a 13 - year - old girl in January 2008 .
Ryall , who was 18 at the time , will plead not guilty to the charge .
Ryall , who was scheduled to leave on Saturday with the Australian under - 20 team for a camp in the Netherlands , has also been suspended from international duty .
The Football Federation Australia says Ryall has been stood down for bringing the sport into disrepute .
Ryall was at the Melbourne Victory when the alleged incident occurred , but the Victory and Sydney FC say they were not aware of the charge .
FFA chief executive Ben Buckley said the matter involving Ryall was brought to the attention of the sport 's ruling body and Sydney FC on April 23 .
He said the matter had not been publicly disclosed until now because the issue had to be discussed with the player and his legal representatives , his club and the FFA 's lawyers .
Ryall was sanctioned following a finding under clause 2.1 of the FFA 's code of conduct that he had brought the game into disrepute through being charged with a criminal offence .
Ryall has pleaded not guilty to the charge and his lawyer said he would strenuously defend his innocence .
Buckley said the FFA had not formed a view of the player 's innocence or guilt , stressing that the sanction was imposed on the basis that the criminal charge had brought the game into disrepute .
Ryall has seven days to appeal the FFA decision .
Sydney fully endorsed the sanctions imposed by the FFA .
" The Sydney Football Club , which has its own code of conduct , demands that only the very highest standard of behaviour is acceptable from all of its employees , " said the club in a statement .
" This has been acknowledged by all of the club 's players , coaches and staff .
" Given that the incident has resulted in a criminal charge and is presently before the courts , the club , its players , coaches and staff will not discuss any matters relating to the incident .
" Once the proceedings before the courts have been finally determined , the club will then make a formal statement . "
- ABC/AAP
March 6 , 2009  --
If you think the IT guy at work is annoying now -- does he really have to roll his eyes when you ask him where to find to the power switch ? -- just wait until he steals $ 5 million dollars from the company .
As the recession unfolds and companies lay off an increasing number of employees , firms face a new and growing threat in the form of disgruntled technology workers with access to a corporation 's best - kept secrets .
Theft of intellectual property , fraud and damage of corporate networks cost corporations over a $ 1 trillion globally in 2008 , according to a recent report by the security firm McAfee and Purdue University .
Any employee who has been laid off or fears he might soon lose his job could potentially steal proprietary information and is a threat to the company .
Experts said IT workers are particular dangerous subset because they best know a company 's security weaknesses .
" A HR employee , an accountant , a secretary , even a member of the janitorial staff can be a threat , but IT professionals know which systems are well protected and which are not , " said Jackie Rees , a professor at Purdue 's Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security and a co-author of the report " Unsecured Economies : Protecting Vital Information . "
Forty - six percent of the American companies surveyed for the study said " laid - off employees are the biggest threat caused by the economic downturn , " followed by hackers with no connection to the company .
The companies surveyed lost an average of $ 4.6 million worth of intellectual property through cybercrime in 2008 , according to the report .
In recent months current or former employees at companies and government agencies have wreaked havoc and stolen millions .
The problem will continue to get worse as the economy craters , said Rees .
" Anecdotally , I think we 're looking at an increase in these sorts of crimes as a result of the recession , " she said .
Cybercrimes by laid - off employees fall into two broad groups -- theft and sabotage .
Cybercrime : Client Information Theft and Sabotage
David Everett , a laid off help - desk employee at Wand Corporation , last year infected his former company 's computer network with a virus that cost the company $ 50,000 to repair .
In January , Everett pleaded guilty in federal court to launching a " malicious software attack " against the Minnesota - based company , which provides computers to fast - food restaurants , just three weeks after he was laid off .
Everett admitted that he uploaded a virus from his home computer onto 1,000 of Wand 's network servers , causing computers at 25 restaurants to crash in April 2008 .
Just as the housing bubble burst , Rene Rebollo last summer used his position as a senior financial analyst at the country 's largest mortgage lender to steal information about borrowers ' identities and sell them to identity thieves .
In August 2008 , federal agents arrested Rebollo , a former senior financial analyst at Countrywide .
Rebollo is accused of stealing 2 million customer records , saving them to an easily portable flash drive .
According to court documents , most of the computers at Countrywide would not allow documents to be saved to a thumb drive , but Robello found one unprotected computer .
For two years he downloaded some 20,000 records a week , which he sold for $ 400 to $ 500 a batch , or about $ 0.025 each -- a fraction of their cost .
Companies are not the only institutions with information to be stolen and large digital networks to be compromised .
In July 2008 , Terry Childs , 43 , a network administrator for the city of San Francisco , held the city hostage for five days while he sat in jail , charged with hacking the city 's computer system and creating a secret password that gave him virtually exclusive access to most of the city 's municipal data .
Described as a " rogue employee " by Mayor Gavin Newsome , Childs refused to explain his motive for creating a password that would block other administrators from accessing the network , but it is believed he hacked the network after an argument with a supervisor .
Company Password Protection and Best Practices
Childs is still awaiting trial .
" Companies have to be worried about theft and destruction , " said Lisbi Abraham , a senior advisor at Zecurion , an information security company that specializes in protecting against insider threats .
Abraham said both former employees as well as current employees , who know or believe they are going to be fired , present a threat to company .
An important first step for companies reviewing their security protocols , he said , was to review the lists of which employees have access to which parts of the network .
Abraham recommended double checking backed - up material to ensure what you thought was saved is really there and consolidating access to sensitive material to fewer people as the company makes layoffs .
In addition to making sure the company has up - to - date anti-virus software , Abraham suggested the simple steps of making sure computers were equipped with programs that required difficult to crack passwords and password - protected screensavers .
Software Problems with a Breath Alcohol Detector
This is an excellent lesson in the security problems inherent in trusting proprietary software :
After two years of attempting to get the computer based source code for the Alcotest 7110 MKIII -C , defense counsel in State v. Chun were successful in obtaining the code , and had it analyzed by Base One Technologies , Inc .
Draeger , the manufacturer maintained that the system was perfect , and that revealing the source code would be damaging to its business .
They were right about the second part , of course , because it turned out that the code was terrible .
2. Readings are Not Averaged Correctly :
When the software takes a series of readings , it first averages the first two readings .
Then , it averages the third reading with the average just computed .
Then the fourth reading is averaged with the new average , and so on .
There is no comment or note detailing a reason for this calculation , which would cause the first reading to have more weight than successive readings .
Nonetheless , the comments say that the values should be averaged , and they are not .
3 . Results Limited to Small , Discrete Values :
The A/D converters measuring the IR readings and the fuel cell readings can produce values between 0 and 4095 .
However , the software divides the final average(s ) by 256 , meaning the final result can only have 16 values to represent the five - volt range ( or less ) , or , represent the range of alcohol readings possible .
This is a loss of precision in the data ; of a possible twelve bits of information , only four bits are used .
Further , because of an attribute in the IR calculations , the result value is further divided in half .
This means that only 8 values are possible for the IR detection , and this is compared against the 16 values of the fuel cell .
4 . Catastrophic Error Detection
Is Disabled :
An interrupt that detects that the microprocessor is trying to execute an illegal instruction is disabled , meaning that the Alcotest software could appear to run correctly while executing wild branches or invalid code for a period of time .
Other interrupts ignored are the Computer Operating Property ( a watchdog timer ) , and the Software Interrupt .
Basically , the system was designed to return some sort of result regardless .
This is important .
As we become more and more dependent on software for evidentiary and other legal applications , we need to be able to carefully examine that software for accuracy , reliability , etc .
Every government contract for breath alcohol detectors needs to include the requirement for public source code .
“ You ca n’t look at our code because we do n’t want you to ” simply is n’t good enough .
Posted on May 13 , 2009 at 2:07 PM • 109 Comments
On April 21 , the Bluetooth SIG will officially announce Bluetooth 3.0 – it's Bluetooth , faster , via 802.11 .
The speed of Bluetooth 3.0 will expand home entertainment and CE use cases in these under- penetrated markets .
Transferring an entire music library , a complete DVD , a vacation 's worth of photos , all within seconds at the touch of a button and wirelessly will now be possible .
And while speed is the coolest part of 3.0 , there 's also good news for the headset and handset crowds – a new feature called Enhanced Power Control reduces the incidence of disconnects caused by movement such as placing a phone in a pocket or purse .
On the technical side , it is a Generic Alternate MAC / PHY ( AMP ) that will enable Bluetooth profiles to take advantage of 802.11 speeds .
The 802.11 Protocol Adaption Layer ( PAL ) will enable the Generic AMP feature to be used with an 802.11 radio .
Sanford Admits Affair , First Thoughts
South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford wipes his tears after admitting to having an extramarital affair during a news conference in Columbia , S.C. ( AP Photo / Mary Ann Chastain )
Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - S.C. ) admitted that he had conducted an extramarital affair with a woman in Argentina whom he had gone to visit over the last five days -- during which time a massive media story developed over where he was and why .
" I have been unfaithful to my wife . . .
I developed a relationship with what started as a dear dear friend , " said Sanford .
( The State newspaper has obtained e-mails between Sanford and his mistress . )
He said that he had met the woman , whom he did not name , roughly eight years ago and that it had become romantic within the last year .
He visited her three times during the past year , Sanford said , and noted that his wife , Jenny , had been aware of the affair for the past five months .
" First and foremost , I apologize to my wife and my four boys .
I have made decisions that have hurt and will continue to hurt them , and for that I 'm sincerely sorry , " Sanford said in a statement released after his at - times rambling announcement in the South Carolina statehouse .
" Jenny has stood by me through campaign after campaign , through hard time after hard time , and neither she nor the boys deserve this .
Please offer them your prayers . "
Sanford announced his resignation as chairman of the Republican Governors Association but did not offer any hint of whether he was considering resigning as governor of the Palmetto State .
Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour was quickly named as Sanford 's replacement at the RGA .
Barbour said the Sanford news " hurts all of us who have gotten to know Governor Sanford over the years . "
In his statement , Sanford also apologized to his staff for misleading them about his whereabouts and added : " I want to make absolutely clear that over the past two days at no time did anyone on my staff intentionally relay false information to other state officials or the public at large .
What they 've said over the past two days they believed to be true , and I 'm sorry to them for putting them in this position .
The State newspaper in South Carolina first reported this morning that Sanford had spent the last six days in Argentina not , as his staff had previously said , hiking the Appalachian Trail .
Sanford 's public announcement punctuates a strange and winding series of events that caused confusion within the state government and considerable chagrin among the Republican Party , which saw its second potential 2012 candidate in as many weeks brought low by infidelity .
The analysis about the press conference has just begun but we had a few initial thoughts while watching the event ( followed by a live online discussion ) .
• Sanford was clearly unprepared for the media swarm he faced .
He began shakily with a riff about his time spent hiking the Appalachian Trail before rolling off a long litany of people to whom he needed to apologize .
Sanford , usually an extremely confident public orator , stumbled over his words time and time again and continued to take questions well after he had promised a " last question . "
( In Sanford 's defense , it 's hard to imagine anyone would be prepared to make such an announcement . )
• This is not the end of the story .
The problem for Sanford is that he appears to have willfully misled his staff , the lieutenant governor and the people of the state about his whereabouts -- signaling that he was likely headed to the Appalachian Trail before hopping on a flight to Argentina .
There will almost certainly be some sort of investigation into whether Sanford misused state funds on this trip -- remember that he took a state - owned vehicle and parked it at the Columbia airport -- that will keep this wound raw for the foreseeable future .
• Sanford 's 2012 candidacy is almost certainly over .
Having an extramarital affair is bad , but not being truthful to the people of the state and disappearing for five days is unforgivable on the national stage -- or any stage for that matter .
Let the search for a new champion for fiscal conservatives begin !
• Coming nearly one week to the day after Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) admitted his own affair , this is yet another gut punch for the Republican Party , which can't seem to get off the mat .
Republican strategists have to be wondering when enough is enough ; the spate of bad press for the party for the past few weeks has been unrelenting .
• The cover up is ALWAYS worse than the crime .
It 's a cliche for a reason ; note to future politicians : if you make a mistake , you need to own up to it immediately and totally .
Do not obfuscate , do not try misdirection .
In the modern media environment where private is public , the truth will come out .
For people who ’ve assumed they ’ll take the option of continuing their employer - based health insurance -- at their own expense -- if they lose their jobs during 2009 , it was sobering news .
For those who have lost their jobs , it was painfully unsurprising .
In a report released earlier this month , researchers found that the average national cost of that coverage ( an option known as COBRA , an acronym for the legislation that created the opportunity ) eats up 30 % of unemployment benefits for individual coverage and almost 84 % for family coverage .
“ COBRA health coverage is great in theory and lousy in reality , ” said Ron Pollack , executive director of health insurance reform advocacy group Families USA , based in Washington , D.C.
The group announced the results of its analysis Jan .
9 .
--
Advertisement
COBRA cost ’s sticker shock
The report is especially worrisome because even at COBRA ’s very high costs , it is “ often the only option for people who are looking for comprehensive coverage -- particularly if they have any kind of health problem , ” says Karen Davenport , director of health policy at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank in Washington , D.C .
Companies are permitted to charge , and generally do , the full cost of premiums plus a 2 % administrative fee .
COBRA must be offered by firms with 20 or more employees as long as they continue to offer health coverage .
Generally , it ’s offered for 18 months after a job ends , though in some circumstances that can be extended .
In many states and in the District of Columbia , health insurance options similar to COBRA must be offered by firms with fewer than 20 employees .
The staggering cost of COBRA can come as a surprise because employers often pay a very large -- and frequently unrecognized -- share of health insurance premiums .
Advertisement
In 2008 , employees paid an average of 16 % of premiums for individual coverage and an average of 27 % for family coverage , according to the Families USA report .
But once the employer drops the cost - sharing , premiums soar .
Last year , the full COBRA costs for an individual reached a national average of $ 4,656 per year , or $ 388 per month .
The full cost for family coverage hit a national average of $ 12,823 , or about $ 1,069 per month .
In California , individuals receive an average monthly unemployment benefit of $ 1,322 and pay an average monthly COBRA payment of $ 380 , or almost 29 % , of the jobless benefit .
Californians with families receive that same $ 1,322 unemployment benefit , but COBRA premiums for families can rise to $ 1,079 per month , or 81.6 % of the unemployment benefit .
Many individuals and families take their chances and hope they wo n’t need medical care before regaining employment and , they hope , health insurance benefits kick in again .
But that is not an optimal choice , says Families USA ’s Pollack .
In addition to the potential for devastatingly high medical costs if a health emergency does spring up , going without coverage can affect health insurance coverage later on , particularly for a preexisting medical problem .
We asked Pollack and other health insurance experts to suggest insurance - related steps people should take in the event of unemployment .
Advertisement
* Check whether you can be added to your spouse ’s coverage .
Even if the benefit year has begun , a plan may allow the addition of family members due to a major event ( such as a spouse ’s job loss ) .
Being added to a spouse ’s plan is likely to be far less expensive than COBRA .
* Act quickly .
The option to sign up for COBRA generally lasts only 60 days from the time your employer sends you a notice about it , according to the Department of Labor .
* See if your kids are eligible for health insurance coverage under public health programs such as Medicaid or SCHIP , the state ’s children ’s health insurance plans .
The state program is income - based and charges about $ 15 per child per month for premiums , says Mabel Ponce - Koch , director of the Health Consumer Alliance in Los Angeles .
On Wednesday , the U.S. House of Representatives voted to expand the federal program to millions more children .
The legislation is expected to soon be approved by the Senate and then quickly signed into law by the president .
If the kids can be covered under public programs , parents can opt for less expensive one - or two - person coverage under COBRA or an employed spouse ’s coverage , if the employer charges a lower premium for two people than for a larger family , says Cheryl Fish - Parcham , deputy director of health policy at Families USA .
Advertisement
Find out if your children qualify for state plans by contacting California ’s Healthy Families at www.healthy families.ca.gov or ( 800 ) 880-5300 .
If you ’re told your kids do n’t qualify , contact the Health Consumer Alliance ( healthconsumer.org or [ 310 ] 204-4900 ) to see if the decision can be appealed , and for other healthcare resources .
* Look for options cheaper than COBRA .
( You can start at ehealthinsurance.com . )
It ’s unlikely , but still worth a look .
Pollack cautions consumers to look at all the costs involved .
A low premium may come with high co-pays and deductibles .
For healthy , young individuals who anticipate few medical costs , the price of a high - deductible plan may be a smart option , says Karyn Schwartz , a senior policy analyst with the Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured in Washington , D.C .
* If you simply cannot afford insurance of any kind , look for healthcare options in your area .
Community clinics and health centers offer care on a sliding scale based on income -- and may be free , if you ca n’t afford to pay .
Contact the California Primary Care Assn. ( [ 888 ] 895-0808 or www.cpca .org ) for referrals to community centers and clinics .
Advertisement
And the picture could ultimately change .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s economic recovery program could include ways to help people pay for COBRA as well as expand the number of people eligible for Medicaid .
--
health@latimes.com
Robusta ( coffea Canephora ) is typically produced at lower altitudes , is more disease - and pest - resistant ( partly because of its higher caffeine content ) , and it typically produces a larger crop than Arabica .
It is usually much cheaper .
As I write , the futures market for Robusta is $ 0.70 per pound , while Arabica is trading at $ 1.14 per pound .
Actual delivery prices for both species range from much lower for the lowest grades of Robusta to more than $ 10.00 per pound for small lots of very special Arabica .
I 'm certain that good horticultural practices and dedicated growers could produce better quality Robusta , but I would be surprised to find any with flavor comparable to good Arabica .
Robusta production greatly increased in the decades since World War II .
Europe was devastated by the war .
Food and money were scarce .
The coffee markets responded in very different ways .
In Germany , people who could afford it , wanted to buy beans so they could see whether fillers like chicory had been added .
No " ersatz " coffee for them .
In Italy and France , cheaper coffees and fillers found their way into the national taste .
France encouraged Robusta production in its former colonies in west Africa and imposed a tax on Arabica coffees in support of that effort .
Even now , blends that are 100 percent Arabica are always labeled to attract more discriminating buyers and to justify the increased price .
In the U.S. , following the Brazilian frost of 1954 , Maxwell House began blending Robusta to lower their costs .
Others soon followed .
All mainstream consumers in most every country have been very sensitive to coffee prices , which prompts roasters to maintain lower cost contents .
U.S. coffee consumption fell from 75 percent of American adults drinking three cups a day in 1962 to less than 50 percent drinking fewer than two cups a day not so long ago .
These lower - cost , lower - quality blends became the reason for the specialty coffee sector .
As specialty has developed more and more over the last 40 - plus years , consumption has begun to increase .
We make it taste better and we sell more .
Cool .
For more reading on Arabica and Robusta here 's a link to the International Coffee Organization .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Ben Cohen
Rather than nakedly robbing Africa , the International Monetary Fund is now moderating its loan agreements with Sub Saharan Africa .
Writes Danny Rodrik :
In countries with fiscal space , the IMF recommends ramping up
spending on Infrastructure and social safety nets ( and not cuts in
taxes , which the paper says would be inequitable ) .
The IMF
has n't totally given up on fiscal prudence of course .
The paper warns
that in resource - based economies , where the shock is concentrated in
one or two sectors , the fiscal stimulus is unlikely to put capital and
labor back to work since inter-sectoral mobility will be limited .
It
also asks that any fiscal stimulus be reversible to prevent debt
problems down the line .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
While this a positive sign that the organization is tempering its policies to deal with the severe global economic crisis , no one should be under any illusions as to the Fund 's real aims .
For a real understanding of how much damage the IMF has done to the third world , check this interview with Noam Chomsky here .
The crux of the argument is as follows :
Through the 1970s , the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund
were pressuring countries to take loans , borrow , and create huge debt .
They argued that it was the right thing to do .
In the early 1980s , with
the Volcker regime in Washington , the whole system collapsed and the
countries that had taken the debts were hung out to dry .
Then the World
Bank and the IMF pressured them strongly to introduce structural
adjustment programs -- which means that the poor have to pay off the
debts incurred by the rich .
And of course there was economic disaster
all over the world ......
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
The IMF is not the World Bank , but it ’s closely related .
The IMF’s
former U.S. executive director Karin Lissakers accurately described the
Fund as the credit community ’s enforcer .
The IMF is very
anti-capitalist .
For example , suppose I lend you money .
And I know that
you ’re a risky borrower , so I insist on a high - interest rate .
Now ,
suppose that you ca n’t pay me back .
In a capitalist system , it ’s my
problem .
I made a risky loan .
I got a lot of profit from the interest .
You defaulted .
It ’s my problem .
That ’s now what the IMF is
about .
What the IMF is saying , to put it in personal terms , is that
your friends and neighbors have to pay off the loan .
They did n’t borrow
the money , but they have to pay it back .
And my friends and neighbors
have to pay me to make sure that I do n’t lose any money .
That ’s
essentially what the IMF is .
If Argentina takes out an IMF
loan with huge interest rates because it ’s risky and then they default ,
the IMF comes along and says the workers and peasants and other people
in Argentina have to pay for that .
They may not have borrowed it , it
may have been borrowed by a military dictatorship , but they have to pay
it back .
That ’s what structural adjustment is .
And the IMF will ensure
that western taxpayers pay off the bank .
It ’s radically
anti-capitalist , whether you like that or not .
The whole system has no
legitimacy .
In fact the whole debt system in the world , which is
crushing much of the world , most of it is fake debt .
Greg Williams
Music : " Climbing Up the Walls , " by Chris Cornell from the album
Maybe it 's the third herbal tea , but Fox is starting to relax , and with this comes a glimmer of her more unfiltered self , the one she was so worried would get her into trouble : not some cliché wild child but someone more engaging than that .
When she lets her guard down , Fox is gossipy and outspoken .
And funny .
Greg Williams
Excerpt From Esquire 's Interview with Megan Fox :
Fox moved out to L. A. five years ago , when she was seventeen .
She was born in Tennessee , but after her parents divorced , her mom and new stepdad relocated the family to Port St. Lucie , Florida , where she was enrolled in a strict Christian high school .
" They had right - wing conservative teachers teaching Bible class , " she says .
" They 'd tell us how abortion was wrong , how evolution was wrong , how sex was wrong .
I hated school . "
She wanted to act has for as long as she can remember so she left school ( she later got her degree ) and moved out to L. A. with her mom .
Three months later , she landed a part in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen with Lindsay Lohan , then a guest spot on Two and a Half Men spent mostly in a bikini , followed by the short - lived Kelly Ripa sitcom Hope & Faith .
Greg Williams
Related :
The Best Sex Positions & Tips For Men
Oral Sex Tips You Need to Know
Hot Videos from the Women We Love
How to Make Pancakes from Scratch
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
“ Branson ” and the world outside LAFF
There ’s an idea out there that documentary filmmakers require more good luck to make a successful project , and though Brent Meeske took some three and half years to complete his work after another film died aborning , he clearly made some remarkable luck for himself with “ Branson . ”
It starts out somewhat slowly , but what emerges is a compelling chronicle of the ups - and - downs of several talented but far from famous performers trying to make a life in the small city in Missouri that could best be described as Las Vegas , but with a vastly lower budget and constructed to Ned Flanders specifications .
At times , the hugely corny but enthusiastic performances may make us feel we ’re in Christopher Guest / ” Waiting for Guffman ” territory .
The post screening discussion revealed that at least one of the performers chronicled , evangelical Christian and New York transplant Geoffrey Hastings Haberer , was more than aware of the Guffmanesque aspects of Branson performances .
Still , though its connection with Jack Black might worry some , this is not a film that in any way condescends to its subjects .
At the same time , I ’m not sure I ’d be writing so favorably about it were it not for the far more troubled , yet also incredibly talented , performer who walks away with the film , Johnny Cash impersonator Jackson Cash .
His Olympian personal struggles and powerhouse performances have moved even relatives of the late legend of American music to marvel at the similarity .
As he proved in a remarkable live performance following the film , Jackson Cash is really not impersonating Johnny Cash at all in any normal sense of the world .
He simply performs Cash ’s material with such clarity , honesty , and with such a remarkably similar voice ( the result , Cash says , of damage to his larynx delivered by an angry drug dealer ) , that the differences between this man in black and the earlier one dissolve .
He wowed the film festival audience at a post screening concerted , which included at least one clearly enthralled well - known director , so things may be looking up for this remarkable performer , whose personal demons ( drugs , possible bipolar issues , etc. ) make up a significant portion of the more dramatic material in “ Branson . ”
I hope real success and stability are in the offing for Cash , as a brief conversation with the man indicated that he is very much as advertised : the real deal .
***
A few brief items from more or less outside the world of the L.A. Film Festival :
* Den of Geek passes along a Reuters report of director Michael Bay critiquing the marketing of the “ Transformers ” sequel about to hit theaters .
( Hint , he apparently does n’t think it ’s a sequel at all , but an “ event . ” )
* Nathaniel R. has sixty ways to celebrate Meryl Streep ’s birthday .
( Guess how old she is . )
* Box Office Mojo has the “ actuals ” from last weekend .
No big surprises , but they report that “ Star Trek ” is now officially the most successful “ Star Trek ” film of all time , adjusted for inflation .
For once , I agree with the masses .
I might quarrel at times with the hyperactive visual style of the film and I would n’t make any particular claims to greatness for it , but nor would I for “ The Wrath of Khan . ”
All in all , it could n’t happen to a nicer little space opera .
“ The blow that security authorities dealt to the terrorist Hezbollah group is a warning message to anyone who might think of messing with Egypt ’s security , ” added Sherif , the secretary general of the ruling National Democratic Party .
“ We say to the Hezbollah group who exports terrorism to our territories : Egypt cannot be a field where you experiment your ideas and plans , ” Safwat Sherif , the head of the parliament upper house said Sunday while discussing the matter in the Shura Council .
After the recent arrest of an alleged Hezbollah cell in its territories , Egypt for the first time is classifying Hezbollah as a terrorist group , an abrupt change in polemics .
In Arab discourse , the group has long been referred to as an anti-Israeli resistance movement .
Sherif was not the only prominent figure inside the establishment to use the term " terrorist . "
“ What Hassan Nassrallah is doing moves his group from the category of resistance movements to the category of terrorist movements , ” Mofeed Shehab , minister of state for parliamentary and legal affairs , said at the same parliamentary session .
By describing the group as a terrorist organization , Egypt is echoing U.S. - Israeli language that came to the fore during President Bush ’s administration .
This deviates from the usual Arab practice of classifying anti-Israeli groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah as resistance movements .
It seems to be Egypt ’s turn to bash Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah , who launched a war of words against the Egyptian regime during the Israeli assault on Gaza .
Nasrallah accused Cairo of abandoning the Palestinians and tightening the siege on the Gaza Strip .
In the speech he gave last week in response to the announcement of the arrest of Hezbollah agents in Egypt , Nasrallah repeated the accusations .
“ It is the Egyptian regime that should be convicted because it still besieges the Gaza Strip and works day and night to destroy the tunnels that are considered the only artery available to the strip , ” said Nasrallah in a televised speech Friday .
The state - owned media have already launched a campaign accusing Hassan Nasrallah of breeding terrorism in the region .
Nasrallah " put the ones he deceived in a tuff position .
What would they say today not just after the exposure of Hezbollah terrorism in Egypt but also after the confessions that he made in his speech ? ” wrote Osama Saraya in a front - page article in Monday 's Al Ahram daily .
“ This little Mullah did not know anything in his life except how to breach legitimacy , violate the law and exercise political and military anarchy in his country , ” Saraya wrote .
The government - owned media did not stop there .
Nasrallah was called names such as " thug " by some editors who are considered staunch supporters of President Hosni Mubarak ’s regime .
Yet , for some observers , Egypt has gone too far by labeling Hezbollah a terrorist movement .
“ These harsh and exaggerated accusations show that the Egyptian position is more extremist than the position of the new American administration and many circles in the West in general which consider the necessity of holding dialogues with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah and of drawing a distinction between the terrorist and the political in these groups , ” said Amr Choubaki , a political analyst with Al Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies .
“ Hezbollah made a terrible mistake by forming a group in Egypt ; this is very provocative and humiliating to Egyptians , " Choubaki added .
" However , this does not mean we make exaggerated accusations and describe Hezbollah as a terrorist group , ”
-- Noha El - Hennawy in Cairo
Photo : Hassan Nasrallah .
Credit : BBC
With the debate over the economic stimulus package in Congress , you would think that economists would be in high demand by television stations seeking to explain a complex piece of legislation to the public .
However , a new study by Media Matters finds that economists made up only 5 % of guests invited to talk about the stimulus bill were economists .
The study looked at the Sunday political talk shows and twelve prominent cable news programs .
Media Matters found that these shows aired 139 and a half hours of programming focusing on the economic recovery program , with 460 guest appearances .
Of those 460 guests , only 25 were economists .
Instead of focusing on what economists have to say either in favor or against the plan , Media Matters says that television news has favored conservative commentators and politicians denouncing the plan .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The Little Tikes Cozy Coupe was the best selling car in 2008 with 457,000 units .
Who said America can't build a popular small car ?
Advertisement
Like most small cars , the Cozy Coupe is made almost entirely of plastic and returns excellent mileage .
Built in Ohio , the typical Cozy Coupe runs about $ 50 ( MSRP ) and comes equipped with modern features including an " ignition switch " and removable fuel cap .
It 's the car America knew it could build and an early version will be enshrined in the Crawford Auto - Aviation Museum this week .
( Hat tip to Blue387 ! ) [ Fox News ]
Photo Credit : Lambchops @ Flickr
COLORADO SPRINGS — Representatives of a local Christian church tried to lure a seventh - grader at Russell Middle School into a church van last week , school district officials said .
As a result , the principal sent students home with a letter to parents asking that they instruct their children not to talk to strangers , and the district has beefed up security around the property at 3825 E. Montebello Drive .
The letter to parents did not identify the church , and the district — acting on the advice of its attorney — has declined to name it .
But sources told The Gazette that it was Cornerstone Baptist Church , which is about 2.5 miles from the school and has gotten into trouble in the past for baptizing children without parents ’ permission .
Students at nearby Keller and Fremont elementary schools also have been approached by church members , and church proselytizing has been escalating in recent weeks at Russell .
Still , officials were unprepared for what happened Thursday , district spokeswoman Elaine Naleski said Friday .
“ We have never had a problem like this before , ” she said .
“ We are shocked by their actions . ”
A few weeks ago , officials at the school met with the church ’s leader to complain about members coming on school property to preach the Bible , Naleski said .
But rather than stop , church members started proselytizing from public sidewalks outside the school .
The school will seek a no - trespassing order if church members resume harassing children on school property , Naleski said .
But it will be up to parents to take legal action against the church if their children are approached in public areas outside the school .
Assistant pastor Ford Glover said Friday that Cornerstone would have no comment .
The church website ’s “ doctrinal statement ” that “ we believe the church is a local , separated body of believers who are sent forth into the world to get people saved , baptized , and added to the church . ”
Get more Colorado Springs news at Gazette.com .
Dear Apple ,
You may not remember me ; the last time we talked was nearly four years ago .
I was impressed with your promises that I could soon watch my favorite movies and TV shows -- so impressed I did n't hesitate to put my iPod Photo on Craigslist and preorder a black , 60 GB iPod Video from your Website .
Since then , you have betrayed me .
I can forget the facts that you now have variable priced songs ; do n't offer a solution for putting movies I have on DVD on iTunes ; and that my iPod , like the two before it , mysteriously started acting quirky as soon as you released a new model .
I cannot forgive you for making one of your newest and frankly , coolest gadgets I have ever seen , essentially inaccessible to me .
I am a college student and money is usually tight .
I admit I could probably raise funds to buy a new iPod , but the last thing I want is to pay $ 30 a month for it after that for data service .
That 's right , I do n't have an iPhone .
My left pocket gets a little tight from inconveniently carrying two devices that so many have traded in for one .
I have spent the last two years despising you , but you have managed to catch my attention again .
I recently read you have been talking with Verizon Wireless about bringing a smaller and less expensive iPhone to its network .
Less expensive is good , but what about those monthly data fees ?
I think you are alienating many potential customers who are willing to pay a premium upfront for a nice phone but are n't concerned about accessing the Web anywhere and everywhere .
Honestly , it would be cool to check my e-mail while walking between classes , but I do n't use Twitter or Facebook and I do n't see constant connection as a necessity .
Comcast is lucky I pay my $ 45 every month to have Internet access at home ; do n't expect I 'll bend over and pay for access to the same Internet twice .
Fees aside , the potential of keeping Verizon as my wireless carrier is exciting .
I 'm not going to say that I 'm a fan of my service , but switching sounds like a lot of work .
Also , nice work on adding MMS messaging to the 3.0 OS .
Photo messages have daily use in my life and I was appalled when my iPhone - owning friend was n't able to get my messages .
I might be getting your advertising wrong , but should n't there be an app for that ?
I 've also read you might add video functionality , which would be pretty cool .
Like many people my age , I love videos .
I recently started looking into buying a Flip Mino so I can join the masses on YouTube .
I might hold out to see what you have to offer later this year .
After all , I can only fit so many things into my pockets .
I have to be honest , Apple .
If rumors are true you might have recaptured my interest .
I just have one favor to ask as a friend : Do n't forget me again .
I can only take so much neglect before I take my MP3 player / phone purchases to where I buy my computers .
After all , is n't Microsoft working on some sort of media player / phone ?
Yours Truly ,
Paul Suarez
PS - I was just kidding about that Microsoft thing .
I mean , seriously -- they lost me at Pink .
It ’s not just about poorly - drawn characters , because if it were , South Park would take the cake .
But South Park is so well - written and voiced that the lack of effort in the animation department can easily be overlooked .
Instead , this list contains characters that are entirely unpleasant to look at under any circumstances .
10 Beavis and Butthead Beavis and Butthead
These guys are hideous .
9 Edna Mode The Incredibles
Pixar is amazing .
The animation is top - notch .
So when they created an ugly character , it ’s punctuated by the fact that so there ’s so much detail .
Unlike every other character on this list , a lot of thought and effort went into bringing this beast to life .
8 Peppermint Patty Peanuts
I think when Charles Schultz drew Peppermint Patty for the first time , this thought went through his head : “ Let me draw a hideously ugly dyke . ”
7 Mr. Mackey South Park
I know I already said that South Park is immune to this list , but I ’ll make an exception for this character .
6 Ren and Stimpy Ren and Stimpy
Do I really have to explain ?
5 Professor Farnsworth Futurama
Just about the entire cast of Futurama belongs on this list , but this character in particular makes me cringe .
4 Herbert Family Guy
This character is ugly on so many different levels .
His voice is atrocious , he ’s a pedophile and his chin looks like an ass .
I love Family Guy , but when this character comes on , I itch to turn the show off .
3 Toot Braunstein Drawn Together
I hate to even dignify this show , Drawn Together , by giving it a spot on this list , but I cringe even further when this character comes on .
Yes , she ’s meant to entertain by doing outright disgusting things , like puking and cutting her wrists , and it ’s just as painful to watch .
2 The Simpsons The Tracey Ullman Show
I did n’t really think about it at the time because I was too busy laughing , but years later , looking back at the early artwork of the Simpsons , those characters were creepy looking for sure .
1 Olive Oyl Popeye
Olive Oyl is perhaps the stupidest character of all time who is supposed to be the love interest in a cartoon .
To think that Popeye and Bluto are fighting over her ?
Honorable Mentions : Patty , Selma and Mr. Burns from the Simpsons .
Did I miss any ?
Discuss .
Ever noticed how many digital " innovations " in the entertainment industry narrow ( or attempt to narrow ) the rights of customers ?
That 's one ramification of the decision by Ticketmaster , AEG Live and Miley Cyrus to sell " paperless " tickets to Cyrus ' fall tour .
The seats are being sold online ( only to fan - club members at this point ) , but buyers wo n't be able to get into the show unless they flash the credit card used to make the purchase and a matching " government issued ID . "
As a consequence , if you buy tickets to see Cyrus , you 're stuck with them -- even if your plans change or your daughter gets the flu the day of the show .
( From a Ticketmaster FAQ page : " There are no refunds for this event . " )
Nor is there any hope for you if the show sells out before you get the chance to buy in .
And forget about giving the seats as a gift .
If you buy them , Mom and Dad , you 're going along for the ride .
Given the restrictions , " paperless " tickets seem like a lower - value option .
But do n't expect a discount -- no , in Ticketmaster 's view , this is a good thing for customers .
Why ?
According to the company 's website , " Paperless ticketing ensures that only fans can purchase tickets and attend the event . "
In other words , no scalpers or resellers will be jumping in line ahead of Cyrus ' devoted followers !
Granted , scalpers have become more aggressive and ruthlessly effective now that tickets are sold online .
Yet they 're hardly the only reason fans have been having a tough time scoring seats to hot shows .
As the Journal noted in a damning story in March , some top artists and promoters ( including AEG Live ) create an artificial scarcity by setting aside good seats for resellers , in addition to the ones reserved for fan clubs .
They do this because those artists are n't willing to price the best seats as high as the market will pay for them , yet they , their promoters and Ticketmaster deeply resent the ability of resellers and scalpers to capitalize on that demand .
So they find ways to sell tickets at fat - cat prices without the stigma of appearing to cater to fat cats .
Secondary markets are important .
They help overcome the inefficiencies in primary markets , while giving purchasers a safety net .
If " paperless " tickets are the only option for consumers , there will be no secondary market unless Ticketmaster provides one .
That 's quite a power grab for a company that 's awaiting the Justice Department 's approval for a blockbuster merger ( with Live Nation , the country 's leading concert promoter ) .
Perhaps that 's why Ticketmaster is doing this round of " paperless " tickets with AEG Live , one of Live Nation 's competitors ....
-- Jon Healey
Editor 's note : Joseph Cirincione is president of Ploughshares Fund , a nonprofit organization that makes grants to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons , and the author of " Bomb Scare : The History and Future of Nuclear Weapons . "
He formerly was a senior vice president at the Center for American Progress , a think tank that describes itself as " progressive , " and was on the staff of the House Armed Services Committee .
Joseph Cirincione says a serious missile threat to the U.S. from North Korea would take years to develop .
( CNN ) -- North Korea 's thinly disguised missile test violates U.N. resolutions and should be condemned .
But it is not a serious threat to the United States , nor does it justify a crash program to deploy an expensive , unproven anti-missile system .
North Korea 's missile and nuclear capabilities do not add up to a nuclear Intercontinental Ballistic Missile , or ICBM .
This third failure to create such a missile in as many attempts since 1998 likely represents the upper limits of what the country can do by stretching and adapting the Scud technology it acquired from the former Soviet Union .
This small , impoverished nation would need to make three key additional breakthroughs to turn this launch vehicle into a real nuclear - armed missile capable of reaching the continental United States .
First , North Korea has to develop a bigger , longer - range missile .
MIT scientist Ted Postol calculates that the failed satellite appeared to weigh 150 to 200 kilograms ( 330 to 440 pounds ) and was intended for a low - Earth orbit about 550 kilometers ( 340 miles ) high .
It is puny by world standards
By comparison , this Friday a U.S. Air Force Atlas 5 rocket on a routine launch sent a 5,800 - kilogram ( 12,790 - pound ) satellite into a geostationary orbit roughly 36,000 kilometers ( 22,370 miles ) above the Earth .
Size matters .
A typical first - generation nuclear warhead weighs about 1,000 kilograms .
To threaten California or New York , North Korea needs a much bigger missile that can carry more weight over a longer distance .
According to a pre-launch analysis by David Wright of the Union of Concerned Scientists , this kind of rocket might carry a small warhead to parts of Alaska , 6,000 kilometers ( 3,730 miles ) from Pyongyang , but it could not hit Los Angeles , 9,570 kilometers ( 5,945 miles ) away .
Building that larger missile would require major advances in metallurgy , rocket engines , guidance and propulsion , and probably foreign assistance .
Second , North Korea would have to miniaturize its warhead .
The primitive nuclear device tested by North Korea in 2006 is estimated to weigh more than 1,500 kilograms ( 3,307 pounds ) .
That means North Korea 's current nuclear weapons are simply too heavy to be launched by a vehicle similar to the one tested Sunday .
Retired Gen. Eugene Habiger , former head of U.S. Strategic Command , has said , " The miniaturization of a nuclear warhead is probably the most significant challenge that any proliferant would have to face . "
Habiger reminds us that it took the U.S. six to eight years of intensive engineering and testing to get our warheads down to 1000 kilograms ( 2,205 ) .
Third , North Korea would have to develop a re-entry vehicle for its warheads .
A warhead returning through the atmosphere to its target must survive extreme conditions .
Developing the technology required for this survivability is no small task .
It is one thing to test a nuclear weapon in carefully controlled conditions .
It is another to build one that can survive the fierce vibrations , G - forces and high temperatures of launch and re-entry into the atmosphere .
These are three huge engineering feats and help explain why , as Congressional Research Service expert Steven Hildreth told Congress in 2008 , " only five countries [ the United States , Soviet Union , China , Britain and France ] have demonstrated the ability to develop , test and field ICBMs armed with nuclear warheads . "
North Korea simply does not have the technical background or institutional capacity to achieve these three breakthroughs anytime soon .
Attempting to do so will require years of highly observable flight and explosive tests .
It is time to put aside the hype and bring this launch into perspective .
North Korea has significant ballistic short - range missile capabilities , perhaps a few crude nuclear weapons , but no demonstrated ability yet to combine the two .
The threat from North Korea remains essentially the same as it has been for the last three years .
So what to do ?
Korean expert Leon Sigal said , " The only way to get Pyongyang to stop is to resume negotiations . "
This is exactly what happened after the failed North Korean missile test in 1998 and the failed test in 2006 .
In both cases , Presidents Clinton and Bush let the bravado and bluster from the North Koreans die down , and within weeks coaxed them back to negotiations that suspended the programs for years .
Recall that North Korea 's biggest nuclear advances came from 2001 to 2006 after the Bush administration scuttled the 1994 Agreed Framework and attempted to coerce North Korea into surrender or collapse .
Instead , Kim Jong
Il restarted his programs , tested more missiles and their first nuclear explosion .
North Korea 's bluster also failed to overshadow President Obama 's breakthrough declaration in Prague , Czech Republic , for global nuclear disarmament .
Obama 's speech provides the direction needed now .
The U.S should rally the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council to condemn this test , then move forward through direct talks and the six - party process to the irreversible dismantlement of the Korean nuclear program as part of the global effort Obama detailed in his Sunday speech .
Pulling North Korea from the nuclear brink will be a difficult diplomatic process , but panic does not have a place at the table .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph Cirincione .
All About North Korea • Nuclear Weapons • Barack Obama
Theme designed by minusbaby and coded by openBack Powered by Tumblr
Hello .
My name is Richard Alexander Caraballo and I like most of this stuff .
◢◥◥◥◠◟◞◠◎◢◯◣◎◠◟◞◠◤◤◤◣
◥◢◢◢◡◜◝◡◎◥◯◤◎◡◜◝◡◣◣◣◤◢◥◥◥◠◟◞◠◎◢◯◣◎◠◟◞◠◤◤◤◣◥◢◢◢◡◜◝◡◎◥◯◤◎◡◜◝◡◣◣◣◤
Current Marine Protected Areas ( MPAs ) are too small to adequately serve whales and dolphins according to the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society ( WDCS ) .
The international organization is calling for a global network of MPAs to save the ocean ’s most beloved inhabitants .
“ A worldwide effort must be made urgently to identify and define whale and dolphin critical habitats and hot spots , ” said WDCS Research Fellow , Erich Hoyt .
“ Then we need to map this information with other species and data to create networks of Marine Protected Areas ( MPAs ) in national waters and on the high seas .
It is like creating a sort of worldwide web for whales and dolphins but connecting not
just the animals , but the special places where they live , and the people there too . ”
Humpback whale breaching in Alaska .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
Whales migrate thousands of miles annually .
In fact , the humpback whale holds the world record for the longest migration .
Dolphins are wide - ranging and will follow food sources .
According to WDCS , 40 percent of the 300 existing MPAs for marine mammals are too small to offer any protection to whales and dolphins .
“ Probably less than 1 percent of the world ’s marine mammal critical habitat has been identified much less protected , ” added Hoyt .
“ We have discussed strategies for cost - effective measures to attack this huge workload with surveys and other studies .
Clearly the emphasis will need to be on rare and endangered species , but we also need to protect healthy populations so that they do n’t join the endangered ranks . ”
WDCS made the statement last week at the first international conference on marine mammal protected areas held on the island of Maui Hawaii .
The conference included over 200 marine mammal scientists , MPA managers and other experts from 40 countries .
Related articles
Supreme Court lifts ban on sonar testing , whales lose
( 11/12/2008 ) A Supreme Court decision will allow the Navy to continue its of sonar in training exercises off the coast of California , a defeat for environmental groups who say sonar is harmful to whales , reports the Associated Press .
The long - ignored ocean emergency and what can be done to address it
( 08/18/2008 )
This year has been full of bad news regarding marine ecosystems : one - third of coral species threatened with extinction , dead - zones spread to 415 sites , half of U.S. reefs in fair or bad condition , increase in ocean acidification , tuna and shark populations collapsing , and only four percent of ocean considered pristine .
Jeremy Jackson , director of the Scripps Center for Marine Biodiversity and Conservation at the University of California , San Diego , synthesizes such reports and others into a new paper , published in the journal Proceedings of the Naional Academy of Sciences , that boldly lays out the scope of the oceanic emergency and what urgently needs to be done .
Gray whale populations a fraction of historic level
( 09/10/2007 )
The current population of gray whales is one - third to one - fifth of the number found in the Pacific before industrial whaling began in the 19th century , reports a new study based on genetic analysis .
Gran Turismo for the PSP has been officially announced , at Sony ’s E3 press conference .
The title will have 8000 cars , 35 tracks , with 60 different layouts of those tracks .
Polyphony Digital promises the game will run at a rock solid 60 frames per second .
They also promise that Gran Turismo PSP is :
“ [ A ] Full - size Gran Turismo experience ; this is not a shrunken - down subset of the Gran Tursmo series ”
It took all of six seconds to exorcise the unearned and unwarranted self - regard that had possessed Chicago rant radio personality Erich “ Mancow ” Muller :
All that was necessary was a brief application of the “ water cure , ” a torture protocol now commonly referred to as “ waterboarding . ”
Mancow ( as we ’ll refer to him ) insists that he underwent the procedure , in its most benign form — he could call it off on his own terms at any time , and the purpose was to conduct a demonstration , not to break his will — in order to prove that it is relatively harmless , and that critics of its use are exercised over nothing .
Six terrifying seconds later , Mancow emerged from the experience a chastened and wiser man .
“ It is way worse than I thought it would be , ” Mancow admitted while the horror was still freshly imprinted in his mind and body .
For him , the sensation — however brief — of being helpless as water filled his mouth and sinuses summoned palpable memories of a near - drowning he experienced as a child .
The Chicago radio personality is one of several media figures who have undergone a relatively domesticated and benign form of waterboarding .
Each of them experienced merely the mechanics of this torture method ; in fact , Mancow ’s hands were left unbound and he was able to sit up and leave the table without the aid of others .
As the subject of a “ demonstration and exercise , ” Mancow and each of the other media figures who have undergone the “ water cure ” could end it at any time , and was surrounded by people who wanted to ensure that they avoided serious injury .
None of them was helpless in the hands of a professional torturer who regarded them as a thing to be broken and humiliated .
The practice of torture reveals the elemental nature of the State even more effectively than does the summary killing of innocent people .
The State is an entity claiming a monopoly of force over a given geographic region .
And force , as Simone Weil so poignantly observed , is that mysterious influence " that turns anybody who is subjected to it into a thing .
Exercised to the limit , it turns man into a thing in the most literal sense : it makes a corpse out of him . "
It is possible for an individual to lose his life at the hands of those who enforce the State ’s will without losing what makes him human : Sovereignty over his individual choices , a sense of self - ownership , and self - possession , even in the hands of his enemies .
This is precisely what the torturer seeks to strip from the individual , particularly when he leaves the victim alive .
Owing to its status as the world ’s largest and most powerful government , the Regime ruling us must also be regarded as the world ’s pre-eminent practitioner of torture .
Yes , horrible things are done in the dungeons of Pyongyang , Beijing , Havana , Riyadh , and Tehran .
But none of those governments can project its power halfway around the globe , or operates a global archipelago of “ black sites ” in which hired torturers — often foreign subcontractors from satellite regimes — ply their trade .
Compounding that grotesque irony is the fact that the most outspoken advocates of torture in the world today — perhaps in all of recorded human history — are Americans who profess to worship Jesus of Nazareth .
As a man , Jesus was subjected to every fiendish method of torture devised by the perverse ingenuity of professional sadists .
While Jesus was willing to endure those torments , including an ignominious death through torture on the cross , it is impossible to extort from His teachings , or the moral instructions of those who knew Him first - hand , anything resembling an endorsement of torture for any purpose , or so much as a hint that the practice may be morally acceptable .
Exercising a lamentable gift for casuistry , some “ Christian ” apologists for torture describe contemporary methods — such as controlled drowning , sleep deprivation , the use of stress positions , and the occasional beating — as relatively mild forms of “ corporal punishment ” meted out to captured " terrorists . "
“ The terrorist , worthy of death but given the plea - bargain of corporal punishment in exchange for life - saving information , should be awfully glad just to get beaten silly for plotting genocide , instead of being killed outright in the same way he was going to murder civilians , ” sneers one “ Christian ” defender of Torquemada ’s fraternity .
“ Corporal punishment for capital crimes is only immoral if no valuable , life - saving information is ever gleaned , ” he continues .
“ If the United States were handing out beatings because we were too scaredy - cat to administer firing squads , yes , I would have a problem with it and call it immoral .
But if we are negotiating a plea bargain by pummeling the guy who was going to set off a truck bomb at Chuck E. Cheese ’s , then I ’d say the terrorist ought to be awfully grateful to us for , whack , being such gentle negotiators . ”
In his derangement this individual assumes that everyone accused or suspected of involvement in terrorism is guilty of that offense , and no proof beyond the accusation is necessary .
This definitive question is similarly left begging by other “ Christian ” torture advocates , at least some of whom rummage through the severe penalties prescribed in the Law of Moses in the misguided belief that , first , the terms of the Old Covenant are still in force ; and second , that we ’re discussing punishment for proven crimes , as opposed to the interrogation of people yet to be convicted of an offense .
Another torture apologist and professed Christian insists that torture is a valid wartime interrogation method , and that in any case waterboarding and other “ enhanced interrogation methods ” institutionalized by the Bush junta do n’t amount to torture .
“ `Torture ’ has been defined through the ages by the Mongols to the Spanish Inquisition to the Nazi Gestapo to the brutal Japanese of World War II , ” he writes , as is his wont , with much greater certitude than knowledge .
Handicapped by an unremarkable mind filled to capacity with talk radio - caliber slogans and buzzwords , and eager to insulate his prejudices from exposure to uncongenial facts , this fellow dutifully regurgitates the Bush Regime ’s euphemism for torture — “ enhanced interrogation ” — in blissful ignorance of the fact that the phrase is the exact English translation of the same phrase used by the Nazis ( verscharfte vernehmung ) to describe almost exactly the same collection of torture methods .
Likewise , he is either unaware of or indifferent to the fact that waterboarding , known by its Spanish name El Tormento de Agua , was widely employed by the Spanish Inquisition , or that the use of water torture was among the war crimes for which many of the “ brutal Japanese of World War II ” were executed .
“ The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side , ” observed Orwell , “ but he has the remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them . ”
In some cases , like the one presently under examination , the nationalist is vividly aware of atrocities only when they are committed by the “ other side , ” and is hopelessly blind to them when they are carried out by the government he worships .
“ [ M ] ake no mistake :
We have non-fatal techniques available to scare the bejabbers out of those Muslim maniacs and get them to blabber , but that is not `torture , ’ folks , ' ” he insists .
“ We do not hack the heads off innocent prisoners like Daniel Pearl on videotape while those maniacal butchers chant , ` Allah is great ! ' ”
Indeed not : “ We ” — meaning the government ruling us , and those foolish enough to identify with it — drop high - yield explosives from high altitude , or fire cruise missiles at targets thousands of miles away , or deploy remote - controlled unmanned killer drones against targets halfway around the world , and the resulting carnage never makes a public impression , at least over here .
“ We ” do n’t make and circulate videotapes of the civilian casualties — including women and children — that result whenever such selectively antiseptic methods of mass murder are employed .
Yes , the murder and mutilation of the heroic Daniel Pearl illustrates the utterly demonic depravity of which Jihadists are capable .
How does that fact mitigate the murderous proclivities of the government ruling us , which — unlike Jihadism — is a tangible present threat to us , rather than an entirely hypothetical one ?
Are we to assume that the beheading of Daniel Pearl represents the outermost benchmark for permissible behavior , and that anything short of videotaped decapitation of helpless hostages is acceptable ?
The eagerness to advertise such exploits as the murder of Daniel Pearl demonstrates that Jihadists can at least be candid about exactly what they are .
They do n’t indulge in sanctimonious prattle about such episodes not reflecting their ideals , or issue stern admonitions against releasing images that will put their “ troops ” at risk — as some American defenders of aggressive war insist in opposing publicity of atrocities at Abu Ghraib and elsewhere .
The practice of torture , in the American experience , is usually an outgrowth of aggressive foreign war .
It does nothing to enhance the safety of the country .
And whether or not it is openly acknowledged and publicized , it undermines the safety of American troops on the battlefield .
U.S. Army Major Matthew Alexander , who was among the most successful military interrogators in Iraq , asserts that torture and other abuses at Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib , not Islamic ideology , served as the main recruiting theme for foreign Jihadists who gathered in Iraq .
By his reckoning , torture contributed directly to the death of more Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan than occurred on September 11 , 2001 .
Assuming that the “ Long War ” abroad ever ends , torture will continue to exact a price from Americans unless it is definitively repudiated and its practitioners and enablers properly punished .
It fell to Jesse Ventura , of all people , to underscore the reason why countenancing torture by U.S. officials anywhere threatens the rights of Americans everywhere .
During his recent Smackdown ’09 Media Tour , Mr. Ventura devoted his imposing physical presence and testosterone - saturated rasp to their best and most commendable use : Pushing back against the official bullies who promote torture and the media lickspittles who parrot the official line .
As someone who underwent waterboarding during SERE training as a Vietnam - era Navy SEAL , Ventura would abide no dishonest dissembling as to whether or not the practice constitutes torture .
As to whether the practice can be justified as a cruel but effective interrogation technique , Ventura asked a critical question :
If it works so well , why do n’t police use it against criminal suspects ?
What Ventura may not know is that roughly a century ago , following America ’s near - genocidal war to “ liberate ” the Philippines from the burden of self - government , water torture became a very commonplace method of administering the “ third degree ” in police departments from Los Angeles to New York , with special emphasis in Chicago and various parts of the Deep South .
The “ water cure , ” notes Dr. Darius Rejali , author of Torture and Democracy , “ migrated here after American troops returned from the Philippine insurgency in the early 20th century .
By the 1930s , the water cure was favored by the Southern police . ”
Police in Chicago preferred a variation they called the “ ice - water cure , ” in which they sought to extract confessions from prisoners “ by chilling them in freezing water baths . ”
During World War I , “ American military prisons subjected conscientious objectors to ice - water showers and baths until they fainted . ”
Indeed , prior to release of the report by the National Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement ( the so - called Wickersham Commission ) in 1931 , the methods now known as “ enhanced interrogation ” were commonly called the “ Third Degree ” — “ the infliction of physical or mental pain to extract confessions or statements , ” in the words of the report .
The practice was found to be “ widespread throughout the country ” and “ thoroughly at home in Chicago . ”
Third Degree tactics ranged from “ beating to harsher forms of torture , ” reported the Commission .
“ The commoner forms are beating with the fists or some implement , especially the rubber hose , that inflicts pain , but is not likely to leave permanent visible scars … .
[ A ] uthorities often threaten bodily injury … and have gone to the extreme of procuring a confession at the point of a pistol . ”
Interestingly , these abhorrent practices thrived in large measure because of the policy the Wickersham Commission was assembled to review — alcohol prohibition , the early 20th Century version of the War on Drugs .
And it may be the case that the wartime atrocities in the Philippines grew out of common practices in police departments , which were refined in foreign battlefields before being imported , in greatly amplified form , to the homeland .
In 1902 , the Army convened a court - martial of Major Edwin F. Glenn ( among other officers and enlisted soldiers ) for war crimes , including the use of the “ water - cure ” against captured Filipino insurgents .
Among Glenn ’s victims were a Catholic Priest named Fr. Bartolome Picson , who was “ water - cured ” to death under his supervision , and Fr. Picson ’s sister , who was bayoneted to death on his orders .
Major Glenn ’s defense attempted to submit evidence showing that Brig .
Gen. Frederick D. Grant ( the son of Ulysses S. Grant ) , who presided over the trial , had employed or authorized water torture and similar practices in 1894 as a police commissioner in New York City .
In an example of self - serving institutional hypocrisy comparable to that depicted in the film Breaker Morant , the court - martial refused to allow evidence that would impeach the authority of its president .
Things worked out a bit better for Glenn than for Harry Morant and his comrade Peter Handcock : Glenn was convicted of war crimes , and sentenced to a one - month suspension and a fifty - dollar fine .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Following the counter - insurgency war in the Philippines , it took nearly three decades to purge the practice of officially sanctioned torture from America ’s law enforcement system .
That war lasted about two years .
The current conflict began more than seven years ago .
The bi-partisan Establishment considers the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to be parts of a “ Long War ” that would last a generation or more .
What the government is permitted to do to suspected terrorists and insurgents abroad , it will eventually inflict on civilian criminal suspects here at home .
This principle is clearly illustrated by the experience of the Philippine counter - insurgency war .
The prospect of a nationalized law enforcement system infused with a Cheneyite perspective on torture should be enough to cure any thinking person of what we might call “ Mancow Disease ” :
A crippling lack of moral imagination that leaves the victim unable to recognize torture for what it is until he has personally experienced the mildest possible sample under the gentlest possible conditions .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
A LOAD OFF HIS MIND : Dave Chapman , of Waipopo , near Timaru , still is n't sure why he climbed into a clothes dryer while out drinking with friends .
Do n't ask Dave Chapman why he climbed into the clothes dryer , it 's an answer that eludes even him .
All he will say is the experience that followed wo n't be repeated .
His experience involves one pair of underpants , a Hoover 5050 ED heavy - duty dryer ( with a 5 kg load - bearing capability ) and Dave .
He had been drinking with a few mates at Waipopo , near Timaru , on Saturday and went to change his clothes .
When it came to finding a pair of undies to put on , Dave checked the dryer .
" By that time , I 'd had a fair bit to drink ; I do n't know what flaming possessed me to get in it .
I was trying to find these undies when everything just got stuck . "
Dave , who still had n't found the clothes to cover his lower half , managed to fit his head , shoulders and arms into the dryer in his search for appropriate clothing .
" I thought my undies were there , but obviously not . "
Wedged in the 30 cm - wide opening of the hot , recently used dryer up to his armpits , Dave let out a cry for help .
By this stage , the heat from the dried clothes was getting to him .
" I was panicking because there was no air , " he said .
Thrashing around in a desperate bid to escape , Dave found his situation get worse .
The dryer , which sat on another one , fell to the floor , on top of him .
" Somehow I managed to move the whole thing .
I fell over with it on my head . "
His friends lifted the device back to its resting place , with Dave still stuck inside .
Soon after they were joined by ambulance staff , a female police officer and the Washdyke and Temuka fire brigades .
A naked Dave found his nether regions exposed to the world .
" They told me to remain calm and all that stuff .
I said : ' Well you get in here ' . "
The fire crews took parts off the dryer , lifted Dave horizontally , and pulled him from his prison .
He 's still hurting a bit , with grazes and bruises , but he 's glad to be free .
The dryer is back together , Dave is recovering and the undies . . . well , they were never there - the clothes in the dryer were n't his .
- Timaru Herald
Identifying a car ’s maintenance needs usually poses a challenge to many .
You should know your car better to understand different parts that require regular servicing .
If you are not that familiar with your car , make good use of its manual .
Going through your car manual will help you know the kind of servicing you should do after a specific mileage .
You will also understand different parts of your car better and the right action to take during maintenance .
Several features like tonneau covers can also be added for quality service .
You can get the best retractable tonneau cover and other parts essential for your truck or car .
Car maintenance charges may vary depending on a number of factors .
One of them is the model of your car .
Certain vehicle models will incur you a lot of costs when it comes to maintenance .
The reason behind this could be the availability of certain parts in your car model .
Finding parts of specific car models in a certain country can be very difficult .
One may be forced to import .
The scarcity of such parts is the other reason why most dealers will hike their prices .
This may see you incur a lot on maintenance costs .
Certain extra features in your car could also be a reason why you are paying a lot of money on maintenance .
You will come across vehicles with features such as ventilated seats , a collision alert system and modern audio systems .
These features require extra knowledge for one to carry out repairs successfully .
This may see you spend a lot of money on maintenance costs .
Such fees may also vary from shop to shop .
You will find some car maintenance yards charging a lot compared to others .
This could be because of the quality of service they offer .
The best thing to do in such a situation is to compare the rates and choose the one that is charging reasonably .
Budgeting for Your Car Maintenance
You have to set aside enough money for the different maintenance practices you carry out every month or after a specific period .
This is a great way to plan and ensure your vehicle is in the perfect state all the time .
Understanding your car better is essential for a smooth budgeting process .
You will know the different parts of your vehicle that require regular maintenance and the right practices to carry out to ensure they are in a perfect state all the time .
Not all parts of your vehicle need to be fixed at the same period .
Some can go several months without requiring any form of maintenance .
Understanding this will help you come up with a proper car maintenance budget .
Establishing the right amount you may be required to pay to keep certain parts of your car in the perfect shape can also be difficult .
You can go through several online platforms that have listed a breakdown of the fees you may be required to pay for the maintenance of specific car parts .
Most vehicle servicing shops have active websites where they have listed the services they offer and these rates .
You can visit such sites to identify how much they are charging for different services .
Comparing the rates will help you understand which auto servicing shop is charging reasonably and you can budget for a servicing shop you consider best for your vehicle .
This can help you save a lot of money on maintenance costs . …
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Charging chesty women more for their bras does n't win a lot of support , British retailer Marks & Spencer acknowledged Friday as it announced an end to the surcharge on its larger lingerie .
Marks & Spencer have apologised for charging chesty women more for bras .
" We boobed , " screamed a full - page Marks & Spencer ad , which appeared in British newspapers Friday .
Marks & Spencer gave in to campaigners who argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair .
The retailer charged as much as £ 2 ( $ 3 ) more for all sizes DD and up .
" It 's true that our fantastic quality larger bras cost more money to make , and we felt it was right to reflect this in the prices we charged , " the ad said .
" Well , we were wrong . "
It follows a nearly year - long campaign by members of the Facebook group Busts 4 Justice .
The women behind the site argued other chain retailers did n't charge extra for bigger sizes , so Marks & Spencer should n't , either .
And it pointed out that the store does n't charge extra for larger sizes of clothing , so it should n't charge more for larger undergarments .
What 's your view ?
" We would like to thank everyone who has supported us on this issue ; especially the thousands of brilliant , busty women that have joined forces with us .
We could n't have done this without you , " the two administrators of the group , Becky Mount and Beckie Williams , posted Friday on Facebook .
" Busts 4 Justice remain committed to making things better for busty women on the high street , but for now we 're happy just to be able to encourage all ladies to reward themselves and their boobs with some properly fitted , fairly priced lingerie . "
Marks & Spencer is a stalwart British chain , known for classic wardrobe staples and low prices .
Its underwear department is the first stop for many British shoppers and is especially famous for reliable basics .
And to give customers an added lift , Marks & Spencer also announced it is cutting the prices of all of its bras by 25 percent for the rest of May .
" I think even though we all obviously held a bit of a grudge against buying our bras from M&S we should really be grateful they got rid of the surcharge and have given us the super generous 25 percent off , " Mount wrote on the group 's site Friday .
" They may get cleared out by the time the weekend is over ! "
Forced police searches took place at ten locations yesterday and last Tuesday in relation to the special prosecutor ’s investigation into the Icelandic banking collapse last year .
The raids were directly linked to investigations into the purchase of a 5.01 percent share in Kaupthing Bank by Q Iceland Finance ehf .
Q Iceland Finance is owned by Olafur Olafsson and Sheik Mohamed Bin Khalifa Al - Thani .
Kaupthing granted Olafsson , who at the time was the second biggest shareholder in the Bank , a loan for half the cost of the purchase of Q’s 5.01 percent share .
The loan was written against his company which is registered in the British Virgin Islands .
The loan was secured by the shares themselves and involved no personal risk to Olafsson .
Sigurdur Einarsson , the former Head of the Board at Kaupthing , has said that no money was taken out of the Bank to finance the Sheik ’s purchase ; but Morgunbladid did report in January that the Bank had been buying up its own shares in order to sell them to the Sheik .
The investigators are looking into alleged market manipulation and punishable embezzlement in relation to the share purchase at the end of September 2008 .
The raids yesterday were synchronised and began with simultaneous searches of three premises at 10.00 .
In all , 20 people took part in the raids , mbl.is reports .
ViEmu / Word & Outlook :
vi-vim for Office
Vi/vim editing for your word processing
ViEmu for Word and Outlook is an innovative new product that provides vi/vim emulation for document processing in Microsoft Word , and for mail composing in Microsoft Outlook .
ViEmu for Visual Studio is compatible with Microsoft Word and Outlook from Office versions 2002 ( XP ) to Office 2016 .
When using Outlook versions 2002 or 2003 , ViEmu only works if Word is configured as the mail editing program ( it does n't work if you use Outlook 's internal RTF editor ) .
Since this setting is on by default if you have Word installed , it 's most likely that you are actually using Word for all your mail editing .
Since Outlook 2007 and newer always uses the Word engine for editing , this limitation is not present with recent versions of Office .
The summary sacking of General David McKiernan as the American commander in Afghanistan after only 11 months is a sure sign that things are not going well there – for the US or anyone else except the Taliban .
Simon Tisdall points out that there are questions surrounding the decision ; some would say it is a sign of panic in Washington about the impasse now developing in America 's longest war since Vietnam .
It has certainly not encouraged McKiernan 's peers in the military , who liked and even respected the man and his skills .
Only last month McKiernan was nominated as the only soldier in Time Magazine 's Top 100 most influential people for 2009 .
Ironically he was written up by General Wes Clark , the former Nato commander and Democrat presidential hopeful , who was also booted out after political altercations in Washington , though in his case it was the tangle over Kosovo that brought him down .
Announcing the removal from command , defence secretary Robert Gates bluntly declared it time for " fresh thinking " and " fresh eyes " on Afghanistan .
His replacement is to be Lieutenant General Stanley McChrystal , former head of special operations command , with Lieutenant General David Rodriguez , who has commanded in eastern Afghanistan , as his deputy .
The message is clearly that the mix of tactics and weaponry used so far has n't worked .
In seven and a half years the Taliban have grown in strength and now have more than a toehold in the key provinces across the south of Afghanistan .
There are now serious worries that it may not be possible to hold full , free and fair elections for the presidency on 20 August .
The propagandists of the Taliban and al - Qaida know how damaging this is to the US message of bringing security and governance to the region .
The US has started the process of doubling its forces in Afghanistan to 68,000 by midsummer .
So far this does n't appear to be yielding much in terms of gains on the ground .
Instead there is heavy reliance on air strikes , particularly by unmanned Reaper and Predator aircraft , for taking out " key command " cells of the Taliban and al - Qaida .
The recent strike in the western province of Farra is reported to have killed 120 civilians – though the US has claimed the figures have been " exaggerated by Taliban propaganda " .
The Farra attack so upset the presidents of Afghanistan and Pakistan that during their recent visit to Washington they asked President Obama to reconsider the use of Predator strikes altogether .
The Americans have countered with the argument that while there has been a certain amount of collateral damage in the killing of civilians , the Predators have successfully taken out some key al - Qaida and Taliban field commanders .
Obama now seems to have switched to using special forces more – both the new generals , McChrystal and Rodriguez , have a strong SF record .
The UK 's defence secretary , John Hutton , also wants to expand the numbers and use of special forces , as he told the House of Commons defence committee last month .
This would involve expanding 22 Regiment SAS by 5 - 10 % – which army commanders say would be difficult without seriously reducing the quality of the individual SAS trooper and his training .
It has also been suggested that all three battalions of the Parachute Regiment now become part of a special forces command – again which some army experts , including some from the Paras , are not in favour .
The kind of argument being put forward by Hutton , like the thinking behind the replacement of McKiernan , seems to focus on tactics and techniques and not the central strategic issue itself .
Afghanistan and Pakistan are now problems of which the Americans and their allies have only part ownership and a part share .
These countries will be sorted out , in whatever way , by their own people .
This still seems to be only partially recognised in London and Washington .
This is why there is an eerie echo of the early days of the Vietnam crisis in the latest crop of policy pronouncements , particularly by Gordon Brown after his return from the region the week before last .
In saying we are going to put in shoals of " experts " and " advisers " and special forces trainers puts us in Saigon circa 1963 , the year of the assassination of the Catholic president Ngo Diem .
Following this , Kennedy started sending in the experts and advisers , and began the commitment of forces to America 's longest war to date .
Clear appreciation of the facts on the ground seems elusive now as it was then in Vietnam .
This week America , Britain and Australia 's favourite expert on counterinsurgency methods and tactics , David Kilcullen , has been in London promoting his book The Accidental Guerrilla .
His work with General Petraeus in Iraq and his book have won high praise .
Speaking at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , he had a strange prescription for tackling the Taliban insurgency in the north - west of Pakistan and in particular in the Swat valley .
He said that the Pakistan army should be " pushed into the background " as they had no counterinsurgency doctrine and training .
Instead the paramilitary , national and provincial police should be strengthened and brought to the fore .
Scarcely unnoticed by the distinguished academic and civil service audience , we had stepped into military strategy and doctrine scripted by Lewis Carroll .
Criticise the Pakistan army , fine , but " push them to the background " ?
The army is one of the few institutions that holds Pakistan together , and for many , like it or not , it is Pakistan .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Are Web users ready to start paying for content ?
Amazon 's new Kindle will offer several U.S. newspapers to subscribers .
Not according to an entirely unscientific straw poll of hundreds of CNN.com readers who sounded off about News Corp. tycoon Rupert Murdoch 's plans , announced this week , to start charging for access to his newspaper 's Web sites .
Murdoch said the success of the Wall Street Journal , which charges for premium material and services , had proved that paid - for content could be made to work and said the current free access business model favored by most content providers was " malfunctioning . "
But CNN.com users , on the whole , disagreed .
" As long as there is internet , there will be free content .
And as long as there is free content , sites trying to grow on a paid - content business model are not going to survive .
It is as simple as that , " said Syeed Ali .
Ken Woods said
Web site revenues should be generated through advertising while JD predicted the demise of traditional media : " Newspaper industry should just die and journalism should be democratized .
We have blogs , forums , news aggregators ... why should I pay for content that someone else can write just as well if not better than the biased reporter / editors at some giant media conglomerate ? "
Some users , however , took the opposite view .
" I would gladly pay for the service that reporters provide to me ! " wrote Chazoo .
" I know it costs money to investigate and report the news and I do n't want the news to be controlled by advertisers . "
And Larry added : " Pay for news ?
We have to , unless we want to get our news from a bunch of people who think because they have a blog they are a journalist . "
Would you pay for online content ?
Sound Off below
But industry analysts say Murdoch 's efforts to pitch a business newspaper such as the Wall Street Journal as a model for paid - for content is flawed .
" The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times are specific to a rich elite who need the information to make real time decisions on investing and making money , " Roy Greenslade , Professor of Journalism at London 's City University , told CNN .
" Erecting pay walls on general news sites would be counterproductive .
We are in a free media , free news , free information environment . "
With newspaper circulations falling as readers go online or to mobile multimedia devices for their headlines , and advertising revenues suffering badly from the financial crisis , Murdoch is not alone in seeking new ways of generating income from the electronic content .
Currently none of the three leading providers of online news , Yahoo !
News , the New York Times Digital Edition and CNN.com , charge for Web content .
But this week three of the United States ' leading papers , the New York Times , the Washington Post and the Boston Globe , announced they would make their newspaper editions available to subscribers on the latest version of Amazon 's Kindle e-reader .
" The New York Times ' embrace of the Kindle DX is an excellent example of how we are using every available medium to meet the ever growing demand for high quality journalism across all platforms , " New York Times Chairman Arthur O. Sulzberger said .
Watch how the new Kindle offers a new way of reading newspapers »
Addressing delegates at this week 's World Magazine Congress in London , Carolyn McCall , the Chief Executive of the UK - based Guardian Media Group , said it was " crazy " that expensively produced content was given away for free -- but admitted it was virtually impossible to charge users in the present circumstances .
" There will be some parts of your website ... lots of specialist areas where we do brilliantly , where we should think about how we charge for content that is not easy to replicate , " McCall said .
GMG Director of Communications Chris
Wade told CNN that the company was not reviewing its online strategy .
" We have no plans to charge for content , " he said .
Greenslade said efforts to impose charges for content would be particularly difficult in the UK -- where News Corp. titles include the Sun , the country 's bestselling daily newspaper , and the Times -- because the BBC 's extensive Web site is publicly funded via a television licence fee .
He said he expected News Corp. titles to begin by charging for bits of content -- " but that will merely annoy users who will go elsewhere , " he added .
Other experts believe that a tiered system of access to content could be made to work .
Joshua Benton of Harvard University 's Nieman Journalism Lab told CNN that " putting a lock and chain " on the home page was not an option for most Web sites but that online publishers needed to find a way of generating revenues from a " small slice " of users willing to pay for content .
" It is a matter of figuring out which products you can charge money for , " Benton said .
Thomson Reuters Chief Executive Tom Glocer told CNN that Murdoch was " brave " to raise the matter of charging for content but said it was " do - able . "
Watch Richard Quest quiz Tom Glocer »
" You probably need a platform change , so on mobile devices people are used to paying for content , " Glocer said .
" I pay for content on my Kindle and I think electronic ink may breathe a second life into what we know as the newspaper business , but is really just a content business . "
Greenslade said Murdoch was right that a debate was needed on how journalism in the future is funded -- and admitted that the industry would have to get used to working within tighter financial margins and with a smaller , more flexible workforce more directly responsive to its audience .
" We have to look to a future of smaller journalistic staff and greater user participation , " he said .
A young Russian man died after betting two women that he could have non -stop sex with them both for twelve hours and winning the bet , a Russian daily reported Tuesday .
Sergey Tuganov , 28 , dropped dead minutes after winning $ 4,300 , the amount of the bet , Komsomolskaya Pravda reports .
The women told Moscow police that before starting the sex marathon , Tuganov swallowed a whole bottle of Viagra pills to ensure his victory .
“ We got scared and called emergency services , but it was too late , there was nothing they could do , ” said one of them , referred to as Alina .
Medics said the man most likely died because of the quantity of stimulating pills he had ingested .
Roving for Chisos : A Journey Into
Recreation , Matt Given
The dogs struggle initially , kicking sand into my face with little productivity , but soon they pull together and the sleigh picks up speed .
In no time I am being transported across the granular terrain at about twenty kilometers per hour .
Here I am , a 38 - year - old anthropologist exploring the Big Bend Area of West Texas , isolating myself in the desert with hopes of coming across a new clan of homo sapiens rumored to be living at the foot of the Chisos Mountains ; my step cousin would be proud .
She is a simple minded fan of sandboxes , sand castles and digging .
There is no doubt that she would be impressed by all the sand I have found here .
The sleigh was a last minute addition to the trip .
Initially I outfitted a jeep with special tires and special headlights but was informed by an old local man living at the edge of the desert that , like snow , sand was best traveled by dog sleigh .
Attracted by the idea of an insider ’s tip , I left the Jeep with the wise veteran and rented a five dog sleigh he happened to have available for $ 300 .
“ Remember what I told you , ” he said as I left .
Now , well under the intense Texan sun , I rummage through my bag looking for a pair of sun glasses to shield my eyes .
Digging past my required reading for the trip , Bill Bryson ’s Take Your Travel to the Next Level : A Detailed Account of my Journey to Space , digging past my mix tape of various Jon Bon Jovi classics , underneath my deodorant , matches and mirror , on top of my tweezers and toothbrush , I find my sunglasses .
With a new outlook I study my team of dogs .
There are five of them attached with make - shift reins that lead to my hands .
The lead dog is an oversized and underfit Deutscher Schäferhund , a dog with hair far too thick for this heat .
Behind him on the left are two Texas Heelers and on the right one Greyhound followed by a miniature Dachshund .
I can tell the Dachshund is having particular trouble trailing the big Greyhound , but decide the sleigh needs every inch of dog leg working for it .
After an hour the team and I have successfully entered no man ’s land .
However , after 60 minutes at a large dog ’s pace the littlest member begins to struggle ; coughing and choking on sand .
“ Pull it together ! ” I encourage the wiener dog , “ dig deep ! ”
After 63 minutes of jogging the hot desert sand , my rented Dachshund stops moving her legs .
In an act of dead - woodedness she closes her eyes , curls her paws up toward her chest and rides suspended by the reins between the greyhound and my sleigh .
After 74 minutes the team ’s Deutscher Schäferhund drops dead .
With the team abruptly halted , I jump off the sleigh and rush to the German Shepherd ’s aid .
His coat is unreasonably hot and he lies crumpled without a pulse .
Three remaining dogs of good health look at me for direction .
I decide that the last thing I need is for these beasts to get hungry and turn on me .
Without a second thought I free both Heelers and the Greyhound .
I check for vital signs on the Dachshund and find a weak pulse .
In an effort of nourishment I pour water into her mouth while watching my more useful rental dogs disappear into the distance , heading back toward home .
“ Well Deadwood , what shall we do now ? ” I ask the small pile of dog now lying in the sand .
Struggling to open her eyes , she coughs muddy saliva onto my shoe .
“ Bad situation Deady , ” I say surveying the burnt landscape , “ fuck . ”
I unleash Deadwood , pick her up with one arm and sling my bag onto my back .
Perhaps the old local at the edge of the desert will come looking for us when he finds the heelers and greyhound on his doorstep .
I figure that ’s our only chance of survival .
According to my calculations , the dogs were traveling at about 20 kilometers an hour for a little over an hour .
Therefore Deady and I must be a little over 20 kilometers into the desert .
The utter helplessness of our situation reminds me of the time I watched my friends get a beat - down when I was twelve years old .
We were three cracker - jacks , real powder - asses , growing up in a primarily black community at the height of underground hip - hop .
It was my best friend Fredrick who we dubbed “ Fro ” , myself who was known as “ Mo ” , and Timothy who was nick named “ Two ” after his new favorite rap artist Tupac Shakur .
The three of us were working on our hoop skills , playing a game of hula - hoop ’ till you drop .
“ Fro ” was the defending champion and “ Two ” was giving him a real run for his money .
It was then and there , August 21st 1991 under that warm inner city sun that it happened .
I had run inside to grab my three older sisters ’ newly obtained grass skirts from some beach - themed store .
I thought it ’d be a real laugh to suggest wearing grass skirts to the guys .
So here I am running out of the house wearing one grass skirt , carrying two more and what do I see on the side walk ?
A few thugs shaking Two and Fro .
I stopped on my front lawn beside a small cedar tree and some bushes .
Immediately I recognized one of the thugs as “ J - Mall ” .
He was a real tough fella who liked to call me “ chicklit ” because of my love for Nancy Drew literature .
I did n’t want J - Mall seeing me in my older sisters ’
Hawaiian grass skirts but I knew that was exactly what needed to happen if I were to avoid being beaten .
In a flash I threw a second grass skirt over my head and pulled it mid-way down my chest .
The third skirt I wore like a halo .
Fully cloaked and covered with long strands of dead brown grass , I watched my white hombres get their faces punched .
J - Mall looked over only once but dismissed me and my disguise for some rotting plant - life .
Perhaps that ’s all I really was .
After a few minutes of punch - infested - fun , the fellas left my boys alone .
They cracked and warped our hoops .
Fro hurt his elbow and Two had lost a shoe .
J - Mall was sending me a message .
Even in the inner city heat , he kept beat .
No matter what time or what mode , J - Mall would rhyme , it was his code .
Turtle Swin , Matt Given
Now alone in the desert with old Deady under my arm , I felt as helpless as a Hawiian skirt wearing boy .
“ Damn Deady , ” I dropped to my knees and threw one fist in the sky , “ damn it all to hell . ”
I whispered the phrase to avoid any sand gathering in my mouth .
There was no way I was going to end up with muddy saliva any sooner than I had to .
I remained on my knees until the hot sand on my skin made me feel uncomfortable .
I stood up and continued walking ; it was too early to give up .
I should at least try to run myself into exhaustion .
Then an idea came over me , a dog with exhaustion .
That ’s how I would get out of this mess !
I looked over my shoulder to see the German Shepherd being picked over by some vultures .
Poor thing .
Then I saw it , just on the horizon , the Greyhound !
It was my only way out , I began running , holding old Deadwood like a football in one arm .
I ran for my life .
I could see it turn and come for me now , I began to worry .
What if the black pawed beast was in a state of desert delusion ?
It could run right over me .
My God .
But run it did and run I did until we both met and slammed on our brakes .
The greyhound doors swung open and I hoped on , narrowly escaping the cloud of blackish exhaust that inertia brought toward the outer front of the bus .
“ No ticket ” , I said between breathes , “ I only have cash . ”
“ Cash is fine sonny , ” he replied .
“ Would the cash be fine shady as well ?
This particular twenty , I won in a game of poker with friends . ”
“ Sure why not , there ai n’t much sonny money in the dessert anyway . ”
“ How much ? ” I asked .
“ I ’ll take the twenty for a one way , ” the driver replied .
I threw him my dimly lit dollars , found a seat across the aisle from a young Asian fellow and closed my eyes .
I could n’t keep my eyes closed for long as I was still breathing heavy and thinking quickly .
I looked down at Deadwood and she looked up at me with some jubilation .
“ That ’s a little dog , ” the Asian fellow said .
“ Yea , ” I agreed , “ she ’s not very big . ”
“ No . ”
“ So what ’s your name ? ” I asked him .
“ My name is Heh Ming Wey , ” he replied , “ but people call me Ernie . ”
“ Nice to meet you Ernie , where are you off to ? ”
“ Looking for adventure . ”
I grunt a response meaning something along the lines of “ oh I see , ” and avoid making further conversation with Ernie .
I am more interested in the female sitting a row ahead of him .
She is beautiful .
I had eyed her up the moment I stepped on the bus a few moments ago .
From my vantage point , it is certain that a quarter of her or perhaps even her entire right half is beautiful .
She is wearing at least half a tank top , and half a pair of shorts , both of which reveal soft and supple limbs .
I can quickly tell that she ’s the one for me .
Without wasting anytime I pull out my notepad and scribble her a poem :
‘ Cacti are green , desert sand is yellow
Boy oh boy , you make me feel like quite the fellow . ‘
I scrawl my details underneath the poem : ‘ Moe Francis , 6 foot 2 inches tall , 162lbs , Capricorn , fancymoefrancis@anthropologistsmail.com . ’
I anxiously await my opportunity .
After 34 minutes the bus stops at an undisclosed station near the edge of the desert .
I ’m uncertain as to where my jeep is in relation to this bus station but that does n’t matter now .
The woman of my dreams throws a small pack over her shoulder as I gather up Deady and my own bag .
Ernie exits ahead of me I ca n’t help but step on the backs of his shoes as I follow him off the bus .
Once in the sand bitten air , the crowd scatters across the platform in many directions .
I look around desperately trying to find my soul mate .
Being neither to my left nor to my right , I ’m able to locate her straight ahead of me .
She ’s hunched over a garbage can vomiting a few meters away .
It ’s rather off putting .
I look at Deadwood , and then at the ground .
I crumple up my poem and throw it in a garbage can to my right .
I set Deadwood down and ask her to sniff out Ernie .
Omar Khadr Omar Khadr at 15 .
( ( Canadian Press ) )
Timelines : Trial | Before trial
Toronto - born Omar Khadr pleaded guilty to all five charges against him , including murder and supporting terrorism , as part of a plea deal with prosecutors at the U.S. military commission at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Khadr is the last Western prisoner at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre .
He has been held at the American naval base since October 2002 , accused of killing a U.S. soldier in Afghanistan .
The Pentagon said that after a July 2002 attack by U.S. forces on a suspected al - Qaeda compound , Khadr threw a grenade that killed one soldier , Sgt. Christopher Speer , and wounded another .
Khadr was 15 at the time .
His defence team argued that their client was a child soldier and should be treated as a victim .
After several years of procedural wrangling and court challenges , Khadr went before a U.S. military court in August .
He pleaded not guilty to charges of murder , attempted murder , conspiring with terrorists , spying and providing material support to terrorists and spying .
But the trial was postponed after Khadr 's military lawyer collapsed in court during the first week of proceedings .
When the trial resumed on Oct. 25 , Khadr withdrew his previous pleas .
He was placed under oath so that the military judge , Col. Patrick Parrish , could question him .
Asked if he killed Speer in 2002 , Khadr answered " yes . "
A sentencing hearing for Khadr began the next day .
Khadr was sentenced to 40 years in prison , but the decision by a U.S. military panel was largely symbolic .
A pretrial plea deal capped Khadr 's sentence at eight years , with the first year to be served at Guantanamo .
On Nov. 1 , the Canadian government announced that it would " implement " the plea deal between the U.S. government and Khadr , allowing him to return to Canada after serving a year in Guantanamo .
Just months before he was due to return to Canada , Khadr fired his two longtime lawyers .
Edmonton - based attorneys Dennis Edney and Nate Whitling represented Khadr for years .
But on Aug. 4 , 2011 , he replaced them with two Toronto - based lawyers , John Norris and Brydie Bethell .
The Khadr family
The complexity of the Khadr case has been heightened by Omar 's upbringing .
His father , Ahmed Said Khadr , was identified by U.S. and Canadian intelligence sources as an associate of Osama bin Laden and a reputed financier of al - Qaeda operations .
He was killed in October 2003 by Pakistani forces — a firefight that left a brother , Abdul Karim , paralyzed .
More on the Khadrs Omar Khadr is questioned by members of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service in a Guantanamo Bay prison cell in this image taken from a 2003 video .
( ( Associated Press ) )
The Khadr family
Khadr patriarch disliked Canada , says al - Qaeda biography
One of Omar 's older brothers , Abdullah Khadr , was ordered jailed without bail in Toronto jail Dec. 23 , 2005 , as American authorities sought his extradition for alleged terrorism - related crimes .
An Ontario Superior Court judge ordered his release after granting a stay of proceedings on Aug. 4 , 2010 .
Another brother , Abdurahman , was arrested on suspicion of ties to al - Qaeda and spent time at Guantanamo Bay in 2003 before being returned to Canada .
Several members of Omar 's family have lived in southern Ontario since emigrating from Egypt in 1977 .
The family 's movements in the 1980s and 1990s — and after the attacks on the United States on Sept. 11 , 2001 — have attracted the attention of intelligence officials .
The Khadrs moved to Peshawar , Pakistan , in 1988 , when Omar was two .
Four years later , Ahmed was nearly killed when he stepped on a land mine in Afghanistan .
The Khadrs briefly came back to Canada so Ahmed could heal before returning to Pakistan and later Afghanistan , where they reportedly lived in a large compound with Osama bin Laden .
The U.S. government says this was about the time Omar attended a military camp that provided instruction on handguns , assault rifles , bomb - making and combat tactics .
Health problems
After his capture in Afghanistan in July 2002 , Omar Khadr was airlifted to Bagram Airfield for medical treatment .
Documents from the Foreign Affairs department detail Khadr 's many health problems , which result from the battle that led to his capture .
He has no vision in his left eye and his right eye is deteriorating because of shrapnel embedded in the eye 's membrane .
Khadr is described as " hyper- sensitive " to light and has requested sunglasses , which have not been provided .
He also has shrapnel in his right shoulder , which is painful when the temperature drops , and suffers from nightmares .
Canadian court battle
Canadian Security Intelligence Service officers questioned Khadr at Guantanamo Bay in 2003 and shared the results of their interrogations with the Americans .
A report from the security intelligence review committee , released in July 2009 , said documents show Khadr's U.S. captors threatened him with rape , kept him alone and would not let him sleep .
In January 2010 , the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that Khadr 's rights to life , liberty and security of the person were violated during his interrogation in 2003 .
However , the court did not order Khadr 's repatriation .
However , the report did not find that CSIS was complicit in any alleged torture .
The government of Canada has refused calls from humanitarian groups and Khadr 's lawyers to have Khadr returned to Canada to face justice here .
Given claims of their client 's treatment in Guantanamo , Khadr 's lawyers asked for a judicial review of the government 's stance on repatriation .
They argued that returning him to Canada would stop what they said was the violation of his human rights .
The Federal Court of Canada agreed and ordered the government to request his return in April 2009 .
A panel of the Court of Appeal later upheld that ruling in 2 - 1 decision .
But the Supreme Court , acting on a government appeal , overturned the lower court rulings in a January 2010 decision .
Years - long road to trial
Khadr was to have been arraigned at a June 2007 hearing .
But in a surprise move , the military judge overseeing the special tribunal threw out the charges on a technicality .
The Court of Military Commission Review overturned the judge 's ruling a few months later and reinstated the charges .
Subsequent hearings focused on Khadr 's status , whether he was an " unlawful enemy combatant " on the battlefield — that is , not a member of a uniformed state armed group — a critical legal designation .
Prosecutors did not have a witness who saw Khadr throw the grenade , but the Pentagon said he was the only al - Qaeda fighter left alive and the only person who could have thrown the grenade .
However , a U.S. soldier who took part in the battle said in sworn testimony that two al - Qaeda fighters were alive after the fatal grenade attack .
The future after Guantanamo ?
The saga took another twist after U.S. President Barack Obama assumed office in January 2009 .
The new president promised to close the controversial Guantanamo Bay centre within one year and issued orders to prosecutors that legal proceedings against Khadr and 244 others at the base in Cuba be put on hold , pending a review .
Three months later , the judge presiding over Khadr 's military commission proceedings issued an order that the hearings were to go ahead .
The White House announced in December 2009 that up to 100 Guantanamo detainees — including Omar Khadr — would be transferred to a state prison in Illinois .
No date for the transfer has yet been provided .
I love grammar .
I can remember in sixth grade when we spent weeks parsing sentences .
There was a moment of self - awareness when I thought to myself , “ If I let anyone see how much I like this , I ’ll never get invited to good parties . ”
So I know I love grammar and I know it 's not normal .
My first real corporate job came right after I went to graduate school for English .
The job I landed was managing content for Ingram Micro ‘s web site .
The experience I had was HTML — I turned my master 's thesis into HTML before anyone knew what HTML was .
So the head of copy writing had to teach me the AP Stylebook .
I was the only person in the department who had gone to graduate school for English .
I was the only person who had been published in literary journals .
But when it came to grammar , there is a whole book of rules I had to learn so I could write in the Fortune 500 .
An example ( which , by the way , is e.g. , not i.e. ) :
Follow up is two words if it's a noun : “ I 'm doing a follow up . ”
But it 's hyphenated if it's an adjective : “ Follow - up meeting . ”
But when I say I love grammar , that is not what interests me .
I ’m interested in how we naturally know grammar because we naturally speak in sentences with good rhythm .
I will spend an extra hour editing a blog post by reading it out loud and hearing in my cadence where a preposition is wrong .
This is all to tell you that I think we need to stop judging people by their grammar .
We should judge people by their ideas , their creativity , their enthusiasm .
None of this naturally comes at the heels of good grammar .
( Please note that I am not talking about typos , even though I do think you should largely ignore them .
Writing without typos is outdated .
It 's impossible to proofread your own work , and it is not financially viable to produce typo - free copy — if it made financial sense , the newspaper industry would be booming .
But instead , the riddled - with - typos blogging industry is booming . )
What good grammar reveals is what sort of education you had .
The more conventional and well - funded your education was , the better your grammar will be .
And this is largely how people use grammar — to make snobbish judgments .
Here 's a great example of someone doing just that .
The person who wrote the post says that if you do n't know grammar rules , you 're stupid .
It 's snobbish because it 's a set of rules that are not actually that useful .
Yes , there are some grammar rules that , should you violate them , completely change the meaning of your sentence .
However these situations are so rare that they are actually interesting , and even created a bestselling book : Eats , Shoots & Leaves .
Most grammar rules do n't matter , though .
That is , if you get them wrong , the reader still can find the meaning .
For example , few people know when to use effect and when to use affect .
But it does n't matter because the first is a noun and the second is a verb so the likelihood you ’ll mistake the meaning of a sentence because of a grammar error in this case is extremely low .
Here 's another example :
Find me a sentence with the wrong version of it's that you can't understand due to the error .
Wait .
No. Forget it .
Because you can't .
So a lot of grammar does not clarify meaning , it just serves to show you are good at grammar .
But why is being good at grammar more important than , say , having good social skills ?
It should n't be .
People get hired and fired for getting along with people .
Not for knowing when to use lay and when to use lie .
The irony is that most people who are great at the rules and details of grammar do not have great social skills — it 's just how the brain works .
Why do we need to spend our brain power learning the rules of grammar if it is not interesting to us ?
Why not focus on what we like ?
Really , if each company is hiring a range of personality types with a range of talents , then only twenty percent will be interested in the philosophy of grammar , and only twenty percent will be good at memorizing rules .
Do you think I 'm nuts ?
Here 's what 's on Google 's home page on May 16 , 2009 :
Over 28,000 children drew doodles for our homepage .
Vote for the one that will appear here !
Test yourself :
Can you find the two grammar errors ?
The AP Stylebook says “ over ” is a way to move — a preposition .
And “ more than ” must precede a number .
Also , if you are voting for one , specific doodle , then the AP Stylebook tells you to use “ which ” rather than “ that . ”
But look , there is no page in the universe that gets more traffic than the Google home page .
So you can bet someone who knows grammar knowingly violated AP Stylebook rules .
Anyway , if Google is deciding that these rules are no longer useful guidelines , then we can all follow suit .
And if you do n't , you risk being more newspaper and less Internet , and we know where that 's going to put your career …
Craigslist is ditching the Erotic Services section of its site after months of heated controversy , according to the Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan .
She said Wednesday that the current Erotic Services ads would come to an end in seven days , and that Craigslist would replace that section of the site with a new , yet - to - be - named adult category that will be reviewed by Craigslist staff .
Craigslist has been working hard to fend off criticism that it facilitates prostitution by implementing numerous measures to help curb Erotic Services listings .
In November of 2008 , Craigslist came to an agreement with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children ( NCMEC ) and the Attorneys General of more than 40 states to reduce prostitution on the site .
In addition to a new phone verification system launched in March 2008 , Craigslist began requiring credit card verification for each listing in the Erotic Services section .
These two measures were meant to make posters more accountable for their listings , as Craigslist could blacklist phone numbers or credit cards that had posted " inappropriate " ads in the past .
As a result , the company has apparently seen a 90 percent drop in Erotic Services listings , which , of course , was the goal .
Still , this was n't enough to satisfy ... pretty much anybody in law enforcement .
Craigslist continued to be a target for lawmakers and was even the subject of a lawsuit from the Cook County Sheriff 's Department in Chicago in March .
And , earlier this month , South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster threatened the site with criminal charges if it did n't close down Erotic Services before May 15 .
Meanwhile , Madigan and the AGs from Connecticut and Missouri discussed possible changes with Craigslist last week in hopes of convincing those behind the site to take further action .
Madigan's and the other AGs ' approach apparently worked .
" We 're very encouraged that Craigslist is doing the right thing in eliminating its online red light district with prostitution and pornography in plain sight , " Connecticut AG Richard Blumenthal said in a statement to the Associated Press .
" We 'll be watching and investigating critically to make sure this measure is more than just a name change . "
Craigslist has yet to publicly acknowledge these supposed changes , however , so it 's hard to analyze how it will affect the already - existing problem .
Assuming Madigan 's description of the changes is accurate , it sounds as if Craigslist will be taking a more hands - on approach to moderating this new adult section of the site by approving each individual listing as it comes in .
Once again , however , we can't help but wonder what will stop potential prostitutes from going back to other , less - moderated sections ( helloooooo Casual Encounters ) to peddle their services .
Craigslist told
Ars that it would have a statement by 2 pm CDT ; we 'll update this story as needed .
Update : Craigslist has �posted a statement on its blog regarding the shuttering of �Erotic Services .
The company says that the new section will be called " Adult Services " and it will feature postings by " legal adult service providers . "
Each listing will be manually approved by moderators to ensure compliance with the TOS .
New postings will cost $ 10 , and those eligible for reposting will be able to do so for $ 5 .
The company plans to continue donating its revenues from adult services to charity . �
The subject of her email reads “ CRISIS . ”
I could tell she hastily wrote it in a state of desperation , since it ’s filled with misspellings , flighty run-on sentences , and profanity .
A premise of self - doubt bleeds from every single line .
All of which caught me off - guard , because it is n’t like her to be so pessimistic .
Lost at 25
Like most college freshman , she was n’t sure what she wanted to do with her life .
But during our sophomore year , she developed a love for mathematics and chose her major accordingly .
She scored so well in her undergraduate math classes that the university offered her a full scholarship to their master ’s degree program .
She gladly accepted .
And just last year , while working as an assistant math professor , she decided to pursue her Ph.D .
She told me she loved her work .
She actually used the phrase “ life is good ” last time I saw her .
I remember this because it made me smile .
But that was 4 months ago … and apparently things have changed since then .
Now she says she wasted 6 years of her life .
Because she does n’t want to be a mathematician anymore .
But she does n’t know what she wants .
She just says she feels alone , confused , and lost at 25 .
I Stay Silent
I meet her at a local pub .
There ’s already an empty cocktail glass on the bar in front of her .
And she has dark bags under her glassy eyes .
She looks like she has n’t slept in days .
But when she sees me , she smirks and gives me a hug .
Without delay , she spills her heart , and some tears , about everything .
Emotions pour out of her for nearly 30 minutes .
And I listen .
She says she ’s lonely and unhappy .
She says her and her boyfriend just broke up .
And she ’s sure she ruined it , because she did n’t spend enough time with him .
Because she was busy with mathematics … teaching it , grading it , and studying for more of it .
She pleads for some advice .
I tell her to slow down , to breathe , and to listen to herself and find herself .
Not the self that ’s in a panic , or emotionally absorbed in a failed relationship .
But the self that loves mathematics , and her students , and is proud to be an independent woman … free to seek new directions .
She asks me how .
“ How do I find that self again ?
How do I reestablish my direction ? ”
And there ’s so much I want to say .
Because I want to give her real , logical advice that will enable her to find what she so desperately seeks .
But I stay silent .
And she stares into my eyes , patiently waiting and anticipating the advice I ’m about to dispense .
Instead , I reach for her hand and maintain my silence .
As I ’ve lived long enough to know that , other than telling her to slow down and breathe , there ’s no logical advice to give .
Because sometimes life defies logic , especially in delicate personal situations like the one she ’s dealing with now .
Uniquely Ours
I ’ve seen young , rocky relationships develop into wonderful marriages , and fleeting inspirations ignite a lifetime of passion and happiness .
Our life stories , like the answers we give to long essay questions , are uniquely ours .
What she wants to know is already somewhere inside of her .
She just needs time to think , and be , and breathe …
And continue to explore the undirected journeys that will eventually help her find her direction .
The war on drugs has been a failure and nations should take a softer approach in dealing with addicts by providing them with access to treatment and respecting their human rights , a top U.N. rights official said Tuesday .
Manfred Nowak , special rapporteur on torture for the U.N. Human Rights Council , told The Associated Press many countries take a punitive approach to dealing with addicts .
They lump the addicts in with traffickers and have a laws that sentence them to lengthy prison terms or even death with little or no access to treatment .
Singapore , for instance , canes drug users while still others deny users treatment or access to drugs in order to force confessions from them , Nowak said on the sidelines a drugs conference in Bangkok .
“ We need a paradigm shift .
We have to get away from a punitive approach and replace it with a human rights - based approach , ” Nowak said of drug policies .
“ As the war on terror failed , so has the war on drugs failed .
We do n’t have less drug users and drug traffickers than when the war on drugs started in the 1980s . ”
Nowak said international drug policies are among the leading causes of “ human rights violations . ”
Nowak said there are some countries especially in Europe and South America that are shifting away from a punitive approach , offering needle exchange programs and drug substitutes like methadone treatment .
But he said many others , led by the United States , Russia and countries in Asia , continue to toe a hard line .
“ These are policies that regard drug users as criminals , rather than persons who are actually in need of medical treatment , ” Nowak said .
“ In a quite a number of countries particularly in Asia , prisons are overcrowded with drug offenders . ”
He said the slow pace of change could be seen on the U.N. ’s Commission on Narcotics Drugs in Vienna , the main U.N. body that deals with drug policy .
He said efforts to introduce non-punitive policies and those dealing with human rights have been rejected by the Commission .
“ According to the United Nations system , human rights should form an integral part of policies and that has been implemented in security , development and other areas , ” he said .
“ But not in relation to the international drug policy . ”
– Article from the Associated Press. on April 21 , 2009
Czech Roma have demonstrated in the past against perceived racism
The Czech government has expressed outrage over the broadcast of an anti-Roma ( Gypsy ) campaign advert by a far - right group on national television .
The head of Czech Television , Jiri Janecek , said the National Party ( NS ) video would not be broadcast again .
Interior Minister Martin Pecina has said he is now seeking to ban the NS .
The NS advert spoke of " a final solution to the Gypsy issue " and carried the slogan " Stop Favouring Gypsies " over images of Roma .
Prime Minister Jan Fischer and Human Rights Minister Michael Kocab said they considered the NS video illegal .
Earlier , a spokesman for Czech Television said that by law , it had no right to alter any party 's election advertisements .
Mr Fischer said the advert evoked " the [ Nazis ' ] Final Solution of the Jewish question during World War II " , the AFP news agency reported .
Campaigning has just started in the Czech Republic for next month 's European Parliament elections .
Roma , many of them impoverished , have long alleged that they suffer discrimination in the Czech Republic .
Mr Fischer has pledged to address the issue of Roma rights .
Last year his centre - right predecessor , Mirek Topolanek , tried to get a ban imposed on another far - right group , the Workers ' Party , but in March this year a court refused to do so .
Enlarge By Saul Loeb , AFP / Getty Images President Bush bows his head in prayer alongside James Dobson , left , founder of Focus on the Family , and his wife , Shirley Dobson , during a National Day of Prayer event in the East Room of the White House on May 1 , 2008 .
FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Blog : Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics | Forum : Debate fellow readers COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES Sen .
Barack Obama USA TODAY WASHINGTON 
Every year between 2001 and 2008 , former President Bush 's calendar was cleared on the first Thursday in May to mark the National Day of Prayer in the White House East Room with prominent evangelicals .
Now the Obama White House is facing questions of inside - the - Beltway etiquette : Should Obama maintain the open door to conservative critics like James and Shirley Dobson , and if so , should they accept ?
Or , will the White House have an official observance at all ?
With those questions unanswered less than three weeks before the annual observance , the National Day of Prayer Task Force headed by Shirley Dobson is moving ahead with other plans .
" We 're not the coordinators of that event , " said Brian Toon , vice chairman of the task force .
" That 's controlled completely by the White House .
We have been honored to be guests at the event in the past , but we have not heard a peep from them . "
In years past , Toon said , a White House liaison has contacted the ministry at least a month in advance to ask about their participation in the White House events that featured music , Scripture readings and remarks by the president and Shirley Dobson .
She and her husband , Focus on the Family founder James Dobson , were seated prominently in the front row next to the president and first lady .
The White House , which usually does not officially announce events until shortly before they occur , declined to comment on whether it would even hold an event this year , much less who would be invited .
" Prayer is very important to the president 's life , " said Joshua DuBois , executive director of the White House Office of Faith - based and Neighborhood Partnerships , on Sunday ( April 19 ) .
" It 's too early to talk about the planning around that . "
This year , Dobson 's task force has opted to hold its annual event on Capitol Hill in the morning — at the same time when its representatives are usually at the White House .
" We do pray for the president at our ( Capitol Hill ) observance and we have asked for a speaker from the Obama administration and we 're waiting for them to get back to us , " Toon said .
He said the group is " not politically inclined " towards Republicans or Democrats , even though early Obama policy changes — opening federal funding for embryonic stem cell research and international family planning groups — have riled Christian conservatives .
FAITH & REASON : Would you donate your embryos to medical research ?
READERS ' FORUM : Christian fundamentalism and ' our political well - being ' The National Day of Prayer was signed into law in 1952 by President Truman .
President Reagan amended the law in 1988 to state that the observances would be held the first Thursday in May .
The task force 's work has been criticized in recent years by critics who say the observances have been " hijacked " by evangelical Christians .
Task force representatives counter that their events reflect a Christian perspective but all Americans are free to observe the day according to their religious viewpoints .
" Of course , we prefer that they cancel it altogether and not do anything , " said Rob Boston , a spokesman for Americans United for Separation of Church and State , of any White House consideration of a National Day of Prayer observance .
But he speculated that if the White House does mark the day , it would likely include " lots of different types of religious leaders , " akin to the interfaith feel of last year 's Democratic National Convention .
Prior to the Bush years , task force leaders held more low - key events , including at Lafayette Park across the street during the Clinton administration .
" There was no East Room event until George W. , " Toon said .
While he recalled being at White House receptions with rabbis and imams , Toon said the Capitol Hill event has tended to be " very Christian . "
Other task force - related events will include private pilots who fly and pray over the nation 's capitals and observances at national monuments , Indian reservations and town halls .
If there is no White House event this year , it would be a disappointment , Toon said .
" We 're not politically inclined either direction , " he said .
" Our passion is to pray for all of our nation 's leaders and their families . "
But wherever they are in Washington , the president will still be in their prayers , he said .
" We can still do that from across the Mall , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As it becomes ever more apparent that Iran 's elections were rigged the dangers inherent in any dictatorial political system , notably one that wraps itself up with religion , are brought to the fore .
The term " Islamic government " is being made a mockery of .
The Iranian demonstrators of 1979 , whose children are demonstrating today , would not have dreamt that the turban was simply going replace the crown and that Iran would go from one repression to another .
However , it is not the labelling of a state as " Islamic " that makes it just or unjust , but its structures : does it have sufficient checks and balances between the branches of government , is the leader accountable and replaceable by the people freely ; are the people sovereign or the clerics ?
Iran 's political set up is an Islamist 's fantasy – on paper at least – by virtue of having an all - powerful imam , or supreme leader , who claims to acts on behalf of God and is accountable to him and a board of clerics that also claims divine legitimacy .
Neither is appointed by elected representatives , and so no analogy can be drawn with judges appointed to the US supreme court .
The imam is above the law .
The imam and his appointed clerics determine what God wants on all major issues .
The prophet is used as the example to justify this set - up .
However , whilst the Prophet Muhammad was a supreme temporal and spiritual leader , Islamic law and ethics holds that no one else can claim that role of divinely - mandated political leadership .
Strip religion away and this set - up in Iran is a façade .
It is based almost entirely on the goodwill and wisdom of the individual holding the post .
If you want a imam , or as Sunnis might term it , the caliph , fine , but it needs to be on a par with a " constitutional monarch " – independent from party politics and acting under and not above the law , having no power and respresenting the dignity of the state .
But such are the dangers of theocracy that the arbiters of what is and is not acceptable are not the people , but the religious scholars .
And in particular , the religious scholars who happen to comprise the ruling regime .
Iran , for example , has many clerics who utterly oppose the current arrangement .
As I have argued before , the role of religious scholars is to provide the moral conscience of society – to act as a modern - day pressure group .
Not to seek elected office , play piety politics or corrupt themselves and their message .
People should be free to be persuaded by them or to reject their advice , which is often varied – no two scholars agree on everything and thus to impose one Islamic opinion over another as more " Islamic " is very , how can I put it , un -Islamic .
With every day that passes , Iran 's Islamic government has less and less legitimacy in the eyes of its own people .
It will therefore need to become more and more oppressive to survive – and so the downward spiral continues .
Either that or it loosens its grip .
We should be clear that most Iranians do not currently want an end to the Islamic republic .
They are not all asking for a western - style secular liberal democracy .
What they want is the freedom to elect their own leaders like anyone else .
Iran is a great nation with a great history .
Iranians will work out their own form of democracy that reflects their own culture and traditions .
However , all this is being denied to them right now .
The incumbents are presenting dissenters as agents of America or " Zionists " .
President Obama is spot on in trying to ensure America ( the " Great Satan " ) does not become a tool with which to further bludgeon reformers .
Again the regime is making a fool of its own people : firstly by producing such an exaggerated victory for Ahmadinejad ; and secondly by suggesting that reformers are being inspired by foreign agents .
As if the former prime minister ( Mousavi ) and two former presidents ( Rafsanjani and Khatami ) are British agents or Zionists !
It is also disappointing to see some campaigners for justice outside Iran whose distrust of America or Israel is so entrenched quickly providing mealy - mouthed excuses for the oppression being meted out by the regime .
Your enemy 's enemy is not always your friend .
Dictatorship , whether it is propped up by the west ( as in Egypt ) , or opposed by the west ( as in Iran ) , is wrong .
Iranians – like anyone else – should be free to elect whoever they want and learn from their own mistakes .
And whether the oppressor wears a turban or a crown , he remains an oppressor .
To the Reader –
I sent this letter to Congressman Dent urging him to vote to audit the Federal Reserve system through his contact form on May 5 , 2009 .
I had previously contacted him on this issue through this contact form in March and April , and left a message at his office in April .
Although there has been no reply to - date , this does not mean it is being ignored as his traffic maybe too heavy .
However , I recently discovered that I am not the only one .
Would n't it be great if after contacting your representative you could see who else has and what they had to say ?
This is one of the accountability problems my campaign will address .
Dear Congressman Dent –
Please consider co-signing HR1207 , the Federal Reserve Accountability Act .
This will open the FED to an audit of their monetary policy aspects by the GAO .
As you may be aware , no one , including Congress , has any specific details on what our Central Bank is actually doing with our nation 's currency , and Bloomberg even filed a Freedom of Information
Act request for information on the TARP bailout and disclosure of $ 2 Trillion in loans .
The American people also deserve to have an independent audit completed of our physical gold holdings .
I had previously called your Washington , DC office and written to your website on this issue last month with no reply .
There are currently 124 co-sponsors of this bill .
For more details , please read this article I wrote in March or feel free to contact me .
I would also like to bring to your attention that I have decided to run for Congress during the next election in our district .
The biggest reason for this is our current monetary policy , which I strongly disagree with since it is not benefiting the people of our district , nor of this nation .
Again , please co-sponsor this bill , HR1207 .
Best regards ,
Jake Towne
Candidate for US Congress , PA - 15th in 2010 [ Reach the Author Here ! ]
www.CampaignForLiberty.com www.EndTheFED.us LibertyMaven.com
UPDATE : Postscript –
This story ends happily !!
Congressman
Dent has co-sponsored the bill !
___________________________________________________________________________
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings in part or full of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
___________________________________________________________________________
Nolan Chart Facebook Group Page Created
Summary of Articles and Bibliography for Jake , the Champion of the Constitution ( 4/8/2009 )
___________________________________________________________________________
Other Recent or Related Articles by the Author
The Gold War – China and the US Treasury Market
The Zombie Bank Dance : Bank of America , Merrill Lynch , the FED , and Treasury Do a Jig
Ron Paul – The Gray Champion
Off a Cliff with No Airbags : The FED Banking System Quivers in Fright
The End for the Dollar and all Fiat Currencies ( 1/5 )
The Money Matrix – How the FED Works ( PART 6/15 )
The Money Matrix – Who Owns the FED ( PART 7/15 )
MAYDAY !
Jake Towne for US Congress , Pennsylvania 15th District ( PART 1/3 )
The Federal Reserve – A Good Company to Work For ?
Matthew James
Taylor has a put together an excellent example of a fluid , multi-column css layouts that are iPhone compatible .
These layouts use percentage widths and relative positioning and are ‘ stackable ’ so you can use multiple column types on the one page .
Features :
No CSS hacks
i Phone & iPod Touch compatible
SEO friendly
Full length column background colours
No Images
No JavaScript
Resizable text compatible
Stackable columns
FREE for anyone to use
The Demos :
[ singlepic id=129 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Three Column “ Holy Grail ” Layout
The most common website layout is the three column design .
The main page is in the center with a narrow column on either side .
( link )
[ singlepic id=133 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Three Column “ Blog Style ” Layout
This layout is quite popular with bloggers .
The main page comes first and then two columns are placed on the right of the page .
( link )
[ singlepic id =131 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Two Column “ Left Menu ” Layout
The two column layout is a simple clean design with a narrow left hand column that can be filled with a side menu and the main content page on the right .
( link )
[ singlepic id =132 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Two Column “ Right Menu ” Layout
This layout is exactly the same as the one above except with the side column on the right .
( link )
[ singlepic id=130 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Two Column “ Double Page ” Layout
The double page liquid layout has two columns of equal width and is great for websites that read like a book .
( link )
[ singlepic id=135 w=100 h=100 float=left ]
The Single Column “ Full Page ” Layout
Sometimes you may need to display some wide content like a large image , this layout has been designed specifically for this purpose .
( link )
[ singlepic id =136 w=100 h=125 float=left ]
The Multi-Column “ Stacked ” Layout
The power and flexibility of the above layouts is extended by stacking any number of them together in any order to create an unlimited number of designs .
( link )
For more details check out Matthew ’s original post here .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A lesbian couple challenged the Russian legal system on Tuesday when they applied for a marriage license but it was swiftly rejected on the grounds that such a union must be between a woman and a man .
It was the first attempt by a gay couple to get a marriage license in Russia .
Irina Fyet , a 30 - year - old PR worker , and beauty parlor owner Irina Shepitko , 32 , said they would marry instead this summer in Toronto , where gay marriage is legal and no residency is required .
Clad in tuxedos and holding bouquets of white flowers , the pair , from southern Russia , said a gay marriage could improve the “ dangerous ” situation for homosexuals in Russian society .
“ If society will know about us , see that we are normal , there would be a better relationship for ( gays ) at work , things would be simpler for us , ” Shepitko said before kissing Fyet .
“ We have love , we have happiness .
We want to be together forever and get married , in Russia , ” Fyet said after the pair sped in a sports car through the entrance of a register office in Moscow , where mayor Yuri Luzhkov once described gay pride marches as “ satanic . ”
The Soviet Union banned homosexuality and any type of nudity on TV , and Russia did not decriminalize gay sex until 1993 , two years after the USSR ’s collapse .
Unlike other major European cities , Moscow has no gay - friendly district and the homosexual scene is still largely underground , although there are some openly gay bars .
Despite one of Russia ’s most popular musical groups abroad , Tatu , trading on their fictionalized lesbian image , same - sex couples are rarely seen being affectionate in public .
“ We ’re scared of the extremists , but I hope that they wo n’t be too harsh on us as we ’re two sweet girls .
But being gay is dangerous in Russia , ” Fyet told Reuters .
Russian nationalists threatened on Tuesday to “ cure ” any homosexuals who join a Gay Pride parade on Saturday .
[ n LC381673 ]
The march , which Moscow city has said will be banned , will coincide with its hosting of the Eurovision Song Contest .
LOOPHOLE IN LAW
Gay rights activist Nikolai Alekseyev stepped in after a register office worker breached Russian law by at first refusing to let the couple even apply for the marriage license .
“ This is about the private rights of citizens ... and today they ( Fyet and Shepitko ) were denied this .
That means that this country violates a person ’s rights , ” he told reporters .
While most marriage applications receive a response within 10 working days , the pair were rejected in just under an hour .
“ By the Russian family code , a marriage must be between a man and a woman .
This is the law and also my personal opinion , ” said director of the register office , Svetlana Potamoshneva .
Shepitko said they expected a rejection so they were not disappointed .
They are banking on a loophole in Russian law which bans gay marriage at home but does not prevent the recognition of a same - sex marriage that has taken place abroad .
“ The Russian constitution must accept our Canadian union , ” she said .
Potamoshneva acknowledged a grey area existed but said any decision regarding a foreign gay marriage would “ have to be one for the court . ”
It ’s Alexander , but you can call me Alex .
I ’m a professional writer , illustrator , and former cookie sculptor .
When I ’m not walking around looking for NO ’s , I ’m helping brands figure out how to be themselves .
I helped YouTube discover the double rainbow of voice & tone , got in touch with Nike ’s deep - seated sports feelings , made it weird with Google , taught a cannabis company how to talk to people who are n’t stoners , introduced the world to a new and improved Dashlane , and for a minute there , I was the face of Portland , Oregon .
Look at all these companies who thought hiring me was an okay idea .
When I ’m not doing that , I ’m telling stories .
Sometimes I tell a lot of stories all at once in the form of a book .
If anyone asks , This is San Francisco , This is Portland , and This is Shanghai .
I usually get these stories by walking around aimlessly and seeing what happens .
That ’s how I ’ve discovered things like the world ’s most beautiful street sign , the ancient mystique of the letter Q , and some truly above average steps .
Oh , and I like making things big .
I ’m based in Brooklyn , but I ’m open to freelance work , new collaborators , and blank walls everywhere .
Feel free to contact me about anything .
Just do n’t get me started about snacks .
Thank You .
alexander.m.barrett@gmail.com
Nortel Networks Corp. , once a technology giant , has decided to sell itself off in pieces rather than attempt to emerge from bankruptcy as a restructured company .
Toronto - based Nortel is winding down a firm with a 127 - year history in Canada and said it is in talks to sell the rest of its operations .
Nortel CEO
Mike Zafirovski had hoped to restructure and preserve Nortel since seeking bankruptcy protection in Canada and the U.S .
" We 're in advanced discussions with anywhere from three to seven companies for each one of the assets , " he said in an interview .
" If we 're successful in getting the right value and the right integration planning and so on then Nortel as an entity which we know it will no longer be here in the future . ''
Zafirovski said the enterprise business , the optical Metro Internet business and the carrier voice over IP and application business , as well as part of the wireless business are among the assets still up for sale .
On Saturday , Nokia Siemens Networks said it agreed to buy some of Nortel 's wireless operations in a $ 650 million deal .
Nortel also said it will ask to have its shares delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Nortel employs more than 25,000 people around the world .
During the 1990s telecom and Internet boom , Nortel had more than 95,000 employees .
At one point in 2000 it accounted for one - third of the market value on the entire Toronto Stock Exchange .
After the dot - com bust in the early part of this decade , Nortel had problems of its own : an accounting crisis that sparked shareholder lawsuits , regulatory investigations and the firing of key executives , including CEO Frank Dunn .
Zafirovski tried to transform the company but he said the economic crisis changed the outlook dramatically .
Nortel became the first major technology company to seek bankruptcy protection in this global downturn .
Zafirovski said he 's hopeful the remaining transactions will allow employees to join new companies .
NEW DELHI  President Obama ’s proposal to change the American corporate tax system is winning few fans in India , where some say it is aimed at curbing the country ’s outsourcing industry .
Perhaps that is because Mr. Obama specifically struck out at the epicenter of Indian outsourcing .
The president vowed Monday to overhaul a tax code that allowed companies to pay less tax , as he put it , to “ create a job in Bangalore , India , than if you create one in Buffalo , New York . ”
One element to that change could be the elimination of a deduction for American companies when they invest in subsidiaries outside the United States .
American companies have tens of thousands of employees in India in wholly owned subsidiaries .
Many of these Indian operations handle customer service and back - office functions , particularly for banks and credit card companies .
American businesses employ thousands more in India by contracting work to local technology and outsourcing companies .
And recently , many American corporations have also expanded their sales , marketing and distribution in India to take advantage of the country ’s fast economic growth and expanding middle class .
Paul Owen :
How some MPs have chosen to defend themselves in the wake of the expenses scandal
Anthony Steen
The Tory MP for Totnes claimed nearly £ 90,000 over four years for his country home , according to the Telegraph , with the claims including payments for tree surgery , guarding his shrubs against rabbits , maintaining a separate cottage and overhauling his private sewage system .
He said : " I think I behaved , if I may say so , impeccably .
I 've done nothing criminal , that 's the most awful thing , and do you know what it 's about ?
Jealousy .
" I 've got a very , very large house .
Some people say it looks like Balmoral ... it 's a merchant 's house of the 19th century .
It 's not particularly attractive .
It just does me nicely ...
" We have a wretched government here which has completely mucked up the system and caused the resignation of me and many others because it was this government that introduced the Freedom of Information Act and it's this government that insisted on things that have actually caught me on the wrong foot , which if I 'd been cleverer it would n't have done .
" What right does the public have to interfere with my private life ?
None . "
Nadine Dorries
The Tory MP for Mid Bedfordshire nominated as her main home a property in which , by her own account , she spends relatively little time , as my colleague Tom Clark explains here .
Referring to the fallout from the Telegraph 's revelations , Dorries said : " The atmosphere in Westminster is unbearable .
" People are constantly checking to see if others are OK .
Everyone fears a suicide .
If someone is n't seen , offices are called and checked ... this has got to a point now where it is almost unbearable for any human being to deal with . "
Sir Menzies Campbell
The former leader of the Liberal Democrats hired an interior designer to refurbish his flat in central London , spending nearly £ 10,000 on scatter cushions , a king - sized bed and a flatscreen television – all at taxpayers ' expense , the Telegraph reported .
Asked on BBC1's Question Time if he had ignored expenses guidelines , he said : " They were guidelines .
" The problem was that they were not enforced – that was the difficulty : they should have been enforced .
Self - enforcement , I accept that , and enforcement from the House of Commons as well . "
Sir Alan Haselhurst
One of the frontrunners to replace Michael Martin as the Commons Speaker charged the taxpayer almost £ 12,000 for gardening bills at his farmhouse in Essex .
He claimed the public did not understand the necessity of expenses , saying : " For example , people have said to me that I could commute rather than have a flat in London .
But saying : ' Oh , sorry , chaps , I was stuck on a railway line ' when the seat was empty just would n't cut it . "
Linda McDougall , the wife of the Labour MP Austin Mitchell , and Eve Burt , the wife of the Tory MP Alistair Burt
Austin Mitchell had a £ 1,296 claim for security shutters turned down by the fees office .
He claimed £ 23,073 for his second home in 2007 - 2008 , according to the Telegraph .
Alistair Burt , a Conservative whip , claimed £ 1,000 too much in expenses for his rent , but was allowed to keep the money as he had made no claims for food .
He claimed £ 22,322 for his second home in 2007 - 2008 .
In an interview on BBC Radio 4's Today programme , the MPs ' wives explained the necessity of expenses .
Linda McDougall :
There is a lot of work to be done in Grimsby .
There 's a lot of people who do n't have jobs .
There 's a lot of people who do n't have houses .
What Austin would always be trying to do was to get the maximum amount of money to use to get things for his constituents ... [ In ] central London , where [ the presenter ] thinks £ 24,000 is a lot of money ... ask yourself how much it costs to rent a flat .
Eve spends the whole of her money on renting a flat , do n't you ?
Eve Burt :
It 's true .
Absolutely the whole of the allowance goes on our rent .
Presenter : Could you not rent somewhere smaller ?
Burt :
We took the option of renting somewhere slightly more expensive within walking distance of parliament so there 's no travel costs and we can literally walk to work .
* 21 American crew believed to be safe
* Attackers struck 400 miles ( 600 km ) off Mogadishu
( Adds details , background )
NAIROBI , April 8 ( Reuters ) - Somali pirates seized a Danish - owned , U.S. - operated container ship on Wednesday with 21 American crew on board in the latest of a sharp rise in attacks off the Horn of Africa nation , a maritime group said .
Andrew Mwangura of the Kenya - based East African Seafarers ' Assistance Programme said the 17,000 tonne vessel was hijacked in the Indian Ocean 400 miles off the Somali capital Mogadishu .
He said all the crew were believed to be safe , and that the vessel had been tentatively identified as the Maersk Alabama .
Gunmen from Somalia seized a British - owned ship on Monday after hijacking another three vessels over the weekend .
In the first three months of 2009 only eight ships had been hijacked in the busy Gulf of Aden , which links Europe to Asia and the eastern Indian Ocean through the Suez Canal .
Last year , heavily armed Somali pirates hijacked dozens of vessels , took hundreds of sailors hostage , often for weeks , and extracted millions of dollars in ransoms .
Foreign navies rushed warships to the area in response and have reduced the number of successful attacks in recent months .
But there are still near - daily attempts and the pirates have started hunting further afield near the Seychelles .
On Monday , they hijacked a British - owned , Italian - operated ship with 16 Bulgarian crew members on board .
Over the weekend , they also seized a French yacht , a Yemeni tug and a 20,000 - tonne German container vessel .
Interfax news agancy said the Hansa Stavanger had a German captain , three Russians , two Ukrainians and 14 Filipinos on board .
The pirates typically use speed boats launched from " mother ships " , which means they can sometimes evade foreign navies patrolling the busy shipping lanes and strike far out to sea .
They take captured vessels to remote coastal village bases in Somalia , where they have usually treated their hostages well in anticipation of a sizeable ransom payment .
Pirates stunned the shipping industry last year when they seized a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million worth of crude oil .
The Sirius Star and its 25 crew were freed in January after $ 3 million was parachuted onto its deck .
Last September , they also grabbed world headlines seizing a Ukrainian cargo ship carrying 33 Soviet - era T - 72 tanks .
It was released in February , reportedly for a $ 3.2 million ransom . -
For factbox on ships held , click on [ ID : nL6183255 ]
Democratic Party
DNC Puts Cheney Front and Center in New Web Video
By Garance Franke - Ruta
As far as a attack ads go , saying that a political party loves the party man who served as vice president of the United States for the past eight years normally would be pretty weak stuff .
But Richard B. Cheney is so unpopular that Democrats believe they can get traction by continuing to hold him up as the leader of a Republican Party seeking to move past the Bush - Cheney years and reinvent itself for a new demographic and political era .
And so , the latest Democratic National Committee " Web ad , " above , with its tagline , " The Republican Party [ Hearts ] Dick Cheney " and a Valentine 's Day worth of pink hearts .
The ad , released to YouTube yesterday , features a clip of Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele saying , " I 'm not in the business of suppressing someone 's opinions and their thoughts . "
The " Republicans [ Heart ] Dick Cheney " video also includes a clip of House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) saying of Cheney , " having these voices out there , it does n't hurt us , it helps us . "
The DNC apparently begs to differ .
Posted at 12:14 PM ET on May 20 , 2009 | Category : Democratic Party
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : POTUS Events : Evaluating the Economy | Next : Obama Starts to Meet with Court Contenders
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : Hillary08 | May 22 , 2009 10:44 PM
Posted by : fairfaxvoter | May 20 , 2009 7:22 PM
Posted by : thebobbob | May 20 , 2009 4:32 PM
Posted by : daytoncapri | May 20 , 2009 4:00 PM
Posted by : BMGgrouppie | May 20 , 2009 4:00 PM
Posted by : hhkeller | May 20 , 2009 1:14 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Ed and I have a final - year student - Rhys Jones - who 's working on RepRap for his MEng research project .
He 's been taking the old idea of depositing metal in channels and an observation of Forrest 's and Nophead 's ( that you do n't need a low - melting - point alloy because the specific heat of metals is so low that they should n't melt the plastic anyway ) .
He 's adapted the pinch - wheel extruder to drive ordinary solder ( without core flux - that just makes a mess ) down through a thin tube with a nichrome heater wrapped round it .
Here 's his first circuit .
It was made entirely automatically by the RepRap machine .
It 's a bit blobby , but ... It 's easy to put the components in from the other side .
It 's the RepRap opto endstop circuit .
Finally , here it is fitted to the RepRap machine that made it and working :
Labels : reprapped electronics
It ’s annoying to read critics complaining that “ Perl looks like line noise ” since that ’s definitely not my experience … at least , most of the time .
There are some places where I think Perl actually does look a bit “ noisy ” :
sigils ( $ @ %& ) , but only when most variables have single - letter names ( $ i , $j , $k , etc . )
punctuation - only special variables ( $ / , $ ] , etc. ) , but I find these are used infrequently in most “ real ” code I write or see
explicit dereferencing ( @{$foo -> {bar}} )
regular expressions , but this is hardly Perl ’s fault
But when I think about where the reputation for line noise comes from , the thing that jumps out at me is the Perl ( sub ) culture that turned code golf and obfuscation into a source of pride – a demonstration of high art and coding wizardry .
Think about it .
IBM has a technical paper on JAPH ’s and describes them as “ a mainstay of the Perl culture ” .
Obfuscated perl shows up on tee - shirts .
Perl Monks has an entire section on Obfuscated Perl .
The sigils themselves even became the logo on the official shirt for YAPC ::NA 2008 as a visual pun on the Chicago city flag .
So , of course , people are going to equate Perl with line noise .
And who am I to be throwing stones ?
I ’ve done it too .
I recently gave an answer on StackOverflow to the question , “ What ’s the shortest perl program you can write for the number guessing game ? "
That question and the subsequent answers were the genesis of this article .
I had the idea to show how the guessing game could be played recursively to golf by avoiding variables to hold guesses .
Just for the sake of argument , if I were writing it out for someone to understand it , here ’s how I might do it :
use strict ; use warnings ; my $ target = 1 + int ( rand ( 10 ) ) ; my @message = ( '' , " too much
" , " too few
" ) ; sub guess { print " Gimme your guess 1 - 10 :
" ; my $ guess = < STDIN > ; my $ comparision = $ guess < = > $ target ; if ( $ comparison ) { print $ message [ $ comparison ] ; return guess ( ) ; } else { return $ target ; } } my $ answer = guess ( ) ; print " Bingo !
It was $ answer
" ;
And here ’s the short version I came up with :
( $t , @m ) =( 1+int rand 10 , ' ' , " too much
" , " too few
" ) ; sub g{print " Gimme your guess 1 - 10 :
" ;syswrite ( STDOUT , $m [ <><=> $ t ] ) ? g( ) : $ t;} print " Bingo !
It was @{[ g ( ) ] }
"
That ’s not even that bad as obfuscation goes , but I looked to the two really nasty bits ( “ <><=> $t ” and “ @ { [ g ( ) ] } " ) and though to myself , “ Damn !
No wonder people complain about line noise ! ”
It reminds me of a quote about discrmination by the US chief justice .
Adapted to this context , it means the way to stop people thinking that Perl looks like line noise is to stop Perl from looking like line noise .
That ’s my new pledge .
No more Perl golf and no more JAPHs for me .
The Perl I ’ll take pride in is Perl that people can read .
SAN FRANCISCO – Setting the stage for a constitutional showdown , the Obama administration dared a federal judge here late Friday to do what no judge has yet done : disclose classified data the government has declared a national security state secret .
The administration urged ( .pdf ) U.S. District Judge Vaughn
Walker to order such a disclosure in a 3 - year - old lawsuit weighing whether a sitting U.S. president may bypass Congress and adopt a program of eavesdropping on Americans without warrants .
Such an order , the administration said , could halt three years of convoluted litigation and force the appellate courts to weigh in on the hotly contested issue .
The classified data in question shows that telephone calls by two American lawyers for a now - defunct Saudi charity were intercepted by the government without warrants in 2004 .
Without the classified documents admitted as evidence in the case , the aggrieved lawyers for the al - Haramain charity , which the Bush administration designated as a terror group , cannot establish a legal basis to earn them a day in court .
The eavesdropping evidence in the Islamic charity 's case came to light after the Treasury Department accidentally disclosed a classified document to the plaintiffs five years ago .
The evidence , which the Bush and Obama administrations have declared a state secret , has never been made public .
Counsel for the charity lawyers returned the document to the government , but have continued fighting to use the document to challenge Bush 's spy program , which was adopted in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks .
Bush acknowledged the program in 2005 , and Congress legalized it in July .
Judge Walker has ordered the government twice to work with the plaintiff 's lawyers to craft a so - called " protective order " by which only the plaintiffs lawyers would have access to the document to enable the case to be litigated .
There would be no public disclosure of the evidence .
Walker , in January and again in April , demanded the Justice Department , in conjunction with plaintiff 's lawyers , to craft the protective order like those used to prosecute Guantanamo Bay detainees .
But Walker has never pulled the trigger and actually ordered the disclosure of the documents to the plaintiffs ' lawyers in the case .
So in a court filing late Friday , the Obama administration again refused to cooperate in creating a protective order .
Instead , the administration challenged Walker to go beyond a protective order and actually demand disclosure of the records .
That would commence the first constitutional showdown surrounding the disclosure of state secrets in a bid to get the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to review Walker 's decision .
Walker 's earlier orders in the case have not been ripe enough for the San Francisco appellate court to review .
" Accordingly , the government respectfully requests that , before the court grants plaintiffs ’ counsel access to state secrets , the court enter an order directing disclosure or otherwise provide adequate notice of any disclosure to enable the government to seek a stay and take an appeal , " Anthony Coppolino , the Justice Department 's special litigation counsel , wrote Judge Walker .
The state secrets defense was first recognized by the U.S. Supreme Court in a McCarthy - era lawsuit in 1953 , and has been increasingly and successfully invoked by federal lawyers seeking to shield the government from court scrutiny .
Lawsuits in which national - security information may be divulged are always tossed by judges at the request of the government –- often by judges who never reviewed any classified data .
In this case , Walker reviewed the classified material and said the evidence pointed toward illegal spying .
A George H. W. Bush appointee , Walker has defied the government on state secrets before , but has never ordered the disclosure of evidence the government has declared classified .
He rejected the Bush administration 's state secrets claim in lawsuits challenging the nation 's telecommunication companies ' complicity with Bush 's once - secret electronic eavesdropping program .
But Congress stepped in and immunized the telcos from the lawsuits .
With then - Sen . Barack Obama 's vote in July , Congress also sanctioned Bush 's spy program that authorized warrantless wiretapping on Americans if they are communicating overseas with suspected terrorists .
Walker is also weighing a challenge to that immunity legislation .
Jon Eisenberg , an attorney for the al - Haramain lawyers – Wendell Belew and Asim Gafoor – is urging Walker to disclose the information without the government 's consent .
" For this case to resume forward progress , the court can simply adopt a protective order under which the court will afford plaintiffs access to the classified filings , " Eisenberg wrote Walker late Friday .
But if Walker obliges Eisenberg , another constitutional crisis may surface .
The Justice Department , in an earlier filing , suggested it may " withdraw " the documents at issue regardless of Walker 's orders .
That ’s because the al - Haramain Islamic Foundation material likely remains locked under the control of the Obama administration ’s Litigation Security Section of the Justice Department , according to the record in the case .
Last month , the government acknowledged that , in 2005 , it purposely destroyed 92 videotapes to cover up evidence of mistreatment of U.S. terror suspects — evidence the American Civil Liberties Union was trying to bring to light in a New York federal court lawsuit against the Defense Department .
See Also :
KABUL
About two million state school students do not have access to safe drinking water and about 75 percent of these schools in Afghanistan do not have safe sanitation facilities , according to the UN Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) .
" Only 60 percent of schools have water [ on site ] , " Zahida Stanikzai , UNICEF 's water and sanitation expert , told IRIN in Kabul .
Drinking water and sanitation facilities are also insufficient in many other schools .
IRIN visited Char Qala Wazir Abad secondary school in Kabul where about 9,000 students have only one hand - operated water pump .
" When it gets hot hundreds of students rush to the pump all at once , " said Sharifa , a teacher at the school .
Over six million students are enrolled in over 10,000 schools across the country ; some 34 percent of the students are female , according to the Ministry of Education ( MoE ) .
About five million school - age children are out of school , according to aid agencies such as Oxfam .
MoE officials acknowledge the lack of drinking water and sanitation facilities at schools but say such problems are limited to only 12 percent of state schools .
" This year we will dig 5,000 wells at schools which lack water points , " Asif Nang , MoE 's spokesman , told IRIN .
Poor sanitation
" [ School ] toilets are not clean and well maintained .
The current design and location of toilets are not acceptable for children , particularly girls ...
There are no facilities for grown - up girls , " Stanikzai said .
" One of the reasons that the girls do not attend school is because there are no sanitation facilities , " said UNICEF 's Jalalabad head of office Prakash Tuladhar .
" It is very important that water and sanitation [ systems ] are built as components of the school programme .
If there are no latrines , then it is almost certain that girls will not be attending school . "
Washing hands with soap , particularly after visiting the toilet and before eating , can reduce child morbidity rates caused by diarrhoeal diseases by almost 50 percent , according to UNICEF .
However , the practice is poorly understood and is rarely practiced by families , especially in rural communities .
" In most of the schools hand washing facilities are not placed in a proper place .
There is a lack of resources to provide soap for hand washing , " said UNICEF 's Stanikzai .
Diarrhoea threat
The lack of safe drinking water and sanitation means students , particularly younger ones , are prone to diarrhoea and other infectious diseases , experts say .
Afghanistan has one of the highest child mortality and morbidity rates in the world and every year thousands of children die from diarrhoea and other water - borne diseases , according to UNICEF .
Diarrhoea - related diseases account for 20 percent of deaths among children under five in Afghanistan , according to the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan .
Despite these staggering figures , there is no nationwide data about school absences due to diseases .
UNICEF said it had been helping MoE to provide " safe drinking water and sustainable child friendly sanitation facilities and hygiene promotion " in 500 schools over the past few years .
ad/at/cb
When it comes to immunity , men may not have been dealt an equal hand .
The latest study by Dr. Maya Saleh , of the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre and McGill University , shows that women have a more powerful immune system than men .
In fact , the production of estrogen by females could have a beneficial effect on the innate inflammatory response against bacterial pathogens .
These surprising results were published May 11 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
More specifically , estrogen naturally produced in women seems to block the production of an enzyme called Caspase - 12 , which itself blocks the inflammatory process .
The presence of estrogen would therefore have a beneficial effect on innate immunity , which represents the body 's first line of defence against pathogenic organisms .
" These results demonstrate that women have a more powerful inflammatory response than men , " said Dr. Saleh .
This study was conducted on mice that lack the Caspase - 12 gene , meaning that the mice were extremely resistant to infection .
The human Caspase - 12 gene was implanted in a group of male and female mice , yet only the males became more prone to infection .
" We were very surprised by these results , and we determined that the estrogen produced by the female mice blocked the expression of the human Caspase - 12 gene , " explained Dr. Saleh .
" We were also able to locate where the estrogen receptor binds on the gene in order to block its expression , which indicates that the hormone exerts direct action in this case . "
Since these experiments were conducted using a human gene , the researchers consider these results to be applicable to humans .
This feature of the female innate immune system might have evolved to better protect women 's reproductive role .
The positive effect of natural estrogen on our resistence to infection is also exhibited with synthetic hormones such as 17 - beta- estradiol .
This finding might therefore open the door to new therapeutic applications that reinforce the immune system , but a question remains : will men be amenable to the idea of being treated with an exclusively female hormone ?
This study was supported by grants from the Canadian Institutes for Health research and the Canadian Foundation for Innovation .
Three States of Mind in Marriage
Some of the brightest people I know become idiots when faced with marital conflict .
I 've seen this happen in case after case .
An intelligent man listens to his wife talking about her needs , her desires , her interests — and it's as if she 's speaking a foreign language .
A brilliant woman hears her husband describe his perspective , and she does n't get it .
What makes marital communication so tough ?
Is it that men and women just can't communicate ?
Or is there something about marriage that blurs their thinking ?
Having spent decades counseling couples who seem communicationally challenged , I am thoroughly convinced that it is marriage itself ( or more specifically , romantic relationships ) that makes communication difficult , and not differences between men and women .
The men I counsel have very little trouble resolving conflicts with women , and their wives are usually just as good negotiating with men .
It 's conflicts they have with each other that seem impossible to resolve .
My experience trying to help couples negotiate has led me to the conclusion that , left to their own devices , they negotiate from one of three states of mind , each having it's own unique negotiating rules and it's own unique emotional reactions .
I call these states of mind Intimacy , Conflict , and Withdrawal .
And regardless which state spouses are in , negotiations can be very difficult .
MORE photographs have been leaked of Iraqi citizens tortured by US soldiers at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison on the outskirts of Baghdad .
Tonight the SBS Dateline program plans to broadcast about 60 previously unpublished photographs that the US Government has been fighting to keep secret in a court case with the American Civil Liberties Union .
Although a US judge last year granted the union access to the photographs following a freedom - of - information request , the US Administration has appealed against the decision on the grounds their release would fuel anti-American sentiment .
Soon after The Pirate Bay trial ended in a guilty verdict , the site admins objected to alleged " bias " in district judge Tomas Norstr�m .
Turns out that Norstr�m was a member of two different copyright organizations , one of which received some of its money from global music trade group IFPI .
A court of appeals agreed to look into the matter , even assigning the review to a different section of judges that usually does not deal with copyright questions to avoid any appearance of conflict of interest .
As part of the appeal , the Stockholm District Court has now weighed in , defending its judge , according to newspaper Svenska Dagbladet ( read an English summary ) .
Norstr�m , it says , was n't biased at all , but simply a member of organizations in which he learned more about copyright and kept abreast of new developments .
It certainly was not Norstr�m 's only way of keeping up to date on copyright , and such professional memberships should not be used as evidence of bias .
Norstr�m belongs to the Swedish Copyright Association along with Henrik Pont�n , Peter Danowsky , and Monique Wadsted — all lawyers who represented the recording industry in the Pirate Bay trial .
Norstr�m also sits on the board of the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property , an advocacy group that pushes stricter copyright laws .
The appeals court will rule on the issue of judicial bias soon , but either way , the case will continue .
If Norstr�m is found to be biased , the case will likely have to be retried ; if not , the Pirate Bay defendants have already signaled their desire to appeal the verdict .
As they wrote soon after the trial concluded , " We have to remember that this will not be the final decision , only the first before the losing party will appeal .
It will have no real effect on anything besides setting the tone for the debate , so we hope we win of course . "
Movie and music rightsholders have already filed their own appeal .
In addition to seeking more cash ( the 30 million kronor damage award was far too low , they say ) , lawyers for the content owners want the charge of " infringing copyright " restored against the defendants .
During the trial , this charge was dropped and " contributory copyright infringement " was the charge under which The Pirate Bay admins were found guilty .
All of which leaves one thing perfectly clear :
The Pirate Bay 's legal battle will continue , probably for years .
Stockholm , Sweden –
There is a long tradition of using Sweden as a socialist model to highlight social shortcomings in the United States .
Recent tax change proposals by the Obama administration , for instance , had conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly asking his viewers , " Do we really want to change America into Sweden ? "
Yet if the Scandinavian model were shipped across the Atlantic , the changes would have little to do with socialism , say analysts here .
In fact , some believe it should be held up as a bastion of market capitalism .
Last week , the country ’s center - right government began selling off state - owned pharmacies , one of the country ’s few remaining nationalized companies , as part of an ambitious program of liberal economic reforms started in 2006 .
In the same week , a study by the Swedish Unemployment Insurance Board revealed that almost half of the country ’s jobless lacked full unemployment benefits .
Many opted out of the state scheme when the cost of membership was raised last year ; others were ineligible .
State pensions , schools , healthcare , public transport , and post offices have been fully or partly privatized over the last decade , making Sweden one of the most free market orientated economies in the world , analysts say .
“ Sweden has always been on the side of the market economy .
This is not socialism , ” says Olle Wästberg , director of the Swedish Institute in Stockholm , and a former Consul General to New York .
“ In many fields , we have more private ownership compared to other European countries , and to America .
About 80 percent of all new schools are privately run , as are the railroads and the subway system . ”
Stereotypical images of Sweden as a socialist utopia date back to the 1930s , when a best selling book by Marquis Childs lauded the country as a middle way between capitalism and socialism .
“ Eisenhower also helped to propagate a number of myths in the '60s when he said that Swedes were ‘ addicted to sin , socialism , and suicide , ' " says Brian Palmer , professor of anthropology at Sweden 's Uppsala University ( read a past Monitor story on the professor here ) .
Images of all three Swedish vices were given a good dusting off and a 21st century remake last month on Jon Stewart ’s Daily Show ( watch the first part of the report here and the second part here ) .
The hilarious " investigation " into the " socialist nightmare " state revealed that , apart from producing famed meatballs and red gummy fish candy , " socialism has left this population ravaged , dispirited , and hauntingly thin . "
The last observation was made as the reporter watched beautiful Swedish women walk down the street .
Jokes aside , Professor Palmer , who ran a controversial course on globalization at Harvard University from 2000 to 2004 , believes that Sweden has been one step ahead of the US in adopting and extending economic reforms .
“ To speak of Sweden as socialist today is pretty far off the mark , ” he says .
“ Neoliberal reforms have gone much further here in some sectors than in the US .
Sweden has become a sort of laboratory for privatization in a way that the Heritage Foundation or the American Enterprise Institute could only dream of . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Legalizing marijuana is not the kind of change President Barack Obama can believe in -- -- at least not as a remedy for the ailing U.S. economy .
U.S. President Barack Obama listens to a question from the audience during a town hall meeting in the East Room of the White House in Washington , March 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
On Thursday , Obama tackled the issue head - on , only half - jokingly , at an online townhall meeting where he noted that the idea was a favorite among the 3.6 million people who voted on more than 100,000 questions submitted on the White House website .
“ I have to say that there was one question that was voted on that ranked fairly high , and that was whether legalizing marijuana would improve the economy and job creation , ” he said to laughter at the White House event .
“ And I do n’t know what this says about the online audience , ” Obama said , tongue - in - cheek .
“ This was a fairly popular question .
We want to make sure that it was answered . ”
“ The answer is , no , I do n’t think that is a good strategy to grow our economy , ” he said before moving back to a more sober discussion of unemployment and healthcare reform .
“ Thank you for clearing that up , ” said Jared Bernstein , Vice President Joe Biden ’s chief economist , who was acting as moderator .
Many of the questioners suggested that regulating the marijuana industry could yield large tax revenues .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was later asked whether Obama , who admitted in his autobiography to experimenting with drugs in his youth , was leaving some wiggle room on the issue .
“ The president opposes the legalization of marijuana , ” Gibbs told reporters , emphasizing his seriousness .
“ He does n’t think that ’s the right plan for America . ”
As for where the new administration stood on medical marijuana , he said to ask the Justice Department .
Gibbs suggested that marijuana advocates may have had a hand in stacking the deck by mobilizing supporters to send in questions and to go online and vote repeatedly for them .
The July / August 2020 issue of acmqueue is out now
Subscribers and ACM Professional members login here
PDF
November 15 , 2007
Volume 5 , issue 6
A Conversation with Jeff Bonwick and Bill Moore
The future of file systems
This month ACM Queue speaks with two Sun engineers who are bringing file systems into the 21st century .
Jeff Bonwick , CTO for storage at Sun , led development of the ZFS file system , which is now part of Solaris .
Bonwick and his co-lead , Sun Distinguished Engineer Bill Moore , developed ZFS to address many of the problems they saw with current file systems , such as data integrity , scalability , and administration .
In our discussion this month , Bonwick and Moore elaborate on these points and what makes ZFS such a big leap forward .
Also in the conversation is Pawel Jakub Dawidek , a FreeBSD developer who successfully ported ZFS to FreeBSD .
Ports to other operating systems , such as Mac OS X , Linux , and NetBSD are already under way , and his experience could pave the way for even wider adoption of ZFS .
Leading the discussion is David Brown , who works in Sun ’s Solaris engineering group and is a valued member of Queue ’s editorial advisory board .
DAVID BROWN
To start things off , can you discuss what your design goals were in creating ZFS ?
BILL MOORE
We had several design goals , which we ’ll break down by category .
The first one that we focused on quite heavily is data integrity .
If you look at the trend of storage devices over the past decade , you ’ll see that while disk capacities have been doubling every 12 to 18 months , one thing that ’s remaining relatively constant is the bit - error rate on the disk drives , which is about one uncorrectable error every 10 to 20 terabytes .
The other interesting thing to note is that at least in a server environment , the number of disk drives per deployment is increasing , so the amount of data people have is actually growing at a super - exponential rate .
That means with the bit - error rate being relatively constant , you have essentially an ever - decreasing amount of time until you notice some form of uncorrectable data error .
That ’s not really cool because before , say , about 20 terabytes or so , you would see either a silent or a noisy data error .
JEFF BONWICK
In retrospect , it is n’t surprising either because the error rates we ’re observing are in fact in line with the error rates the drive manufacturers advertise .
So it ’s not like the drives are performing out of spec or that people have got a bad batch of hardware .
This is just the nature of the beast at this point in time .
BM
So , one of the design principles we set for ZFS was : never , ever trust the underlying hardware .
As soon as an application generates data , we generate a checksum for the data while we ’re still in the same fault domain where the application generated the data , running on the same CPU and the same memory subsystem .
Then we store the data and the checksum separately on disk so that a single failure cannot take them both out .
When we read the data back , we validate it against that checksum and see if it ’s indeed what we think we wrote out before .
If it ’s not , we employ all sorts of recovery mechanisms .
Because of that , we can , on very cheap hardware , provide more reliable storage than you could get with the most reliable external storage .
It does n’t matter how perfect your storage is , if the data gets corrupted in flight — and we ’ve actually seen many customer cases where this happens — then nothing you can do can recover from that .
With ZFS , on the other hand , we can actually authenticate that we got the right answer back and , if not , enact a bunch of recovery scenarios .
That ’s data integrity .
Another design goal we had was to simplify storage management .
When you ’re thinking about petabytes of data and hundreds , maybe even thousands of disk drives , you ’re talking about something that no human would ever willingly take care of .
By comparison , when you have a server and you want to upgrade its memory , the process is pretty straightforward .
You power down the server , plug in some DIMMs , power it back on , and you ’re done .
You do n’t run dimmconfig , you do n’t edit /etc / dimmtab , and you do n’t create virtual DIMMs that you mount on applications .
The memory is simply a pooled resource that ’s managed by the operating system on behalf of the application .
If Firefox wants another megabyte of memory , it asks for it , and if it ’s available , it gets it .
When it ’s done , it frees it , and back it goes into the pool for other applications to use .
It ’s a very simple , very natural way of thinking about storage .
With ZFS , we asked this question : why ca n’t your on - disk storage be the same way ?
That ’s exactly what we do in ZFS .
We have a pooled storage model .
The disks are like DIMMs , and the file systems are like applications .
You add devices into the storage pool , and now the file system is no longer tied to the concept of a physical disk .
It grabs data from the pool as it needs to store your files , and as you remove or delete your files , it releases that storage back to the pool for other file systems to use .
Again , it ’s a very natural , very simple way to administer large quantities of data .
Finally , in designing ZFS , we also wanted to consider performance .
A lot of people , until they get bitten by data corruption that causes them severe pain , are of the mindset , “ I do n’t care , I just want it to go fast .
I ’ve never lost any data .
My laptop is just fine after all these years . ”
So unless you make it fast , people will fundamentally be uninterested — except for those who have experienced data corruption firsthand .
JB
All of whom become rabid converts , as it turns out .
There ’s nothing like having data corruption that is detected and healed for you to change your perspective on the importance of that problem and the value of having it solved .
DB Can you identify other things that have changed over the years , and that are going to be disruptive , that we have n’t yet realized ?
JB
One thing that has changed , as Bill already mentioned , is that the error rates have remained constant , yet the amount of data and the I/O bandwidths have gone up tremendously .
Back when we added large file support to Solaris 2.6 , creating a one - terabyte file was a big deal .
It took a week and an awful lot of disks to create this file .
Now for comparison , take a look at , say , Greenplum ’s database software , which is based on Solaris and ZFS .
Greenplum has created a data - warehousing appliance consisting of a rack of 10 Thumpers ( SunFire x4500s ) .
They can scan data at a rate of one terabyte per minute .
That ’s a whole different deal .
Now if you ’re getting an uncorrectable error occurring once every 10 to 20 terabytes , that ’s once every 10 to 20 minutes — which is pretty bad , actually .
DB
You ’re saying that it ’s not just scale , it ’s also the rate at which we ’re accessing that stuff , so the failure rates are really very visible now .
BM
Yes , that ’s right , and as the incident rate goes up , people are going to become more and more aware that this is a problem , after all .
When it happens only once a year or once every several months , it ’s easy to chalk that up to any number of problems —
“ Ah , stupid Windows , it already needs to be reinstalled every six months . ”
Now people are thinking , “ Well , maybe there ’s a reason .
Maybe Windows is n’t as bad as everyone says it is . ”
Or pick your favorite operating system , or your favorite laptop .
Bad things happen , and while I ’m not saying software is n’t buggy , a lot of this stuff that we tend to chalk up to buggy software , if you dig into it , often has an underlying cause .
DB I ’m recalling Jim Gray a little bit and maybe channeling some of those ideas that I ’ve heard him discuss over the years , such as the teraserver that he put together .
Originally he had been shipping disks around between people , and then he discovered it was an inconvenient way of connecting , and ultimately he shipped around whole PCs and was using Ethernet and NFS ( network file system ) as the logical , easy point of connectivity .
Did you think at all about what ’s an appropriate representational level ?
I know ZFS is a file system , but have you given any thought to those kinds of issues ?
BM Yes , as a matter of fact , I was going to mention earlier that ZFS is composed of several layers , architecturally , but the core of the whole thing is a transactional object store .
The bulk of ZFS , the bulk of the code , is providing a transactional store of objects .
You can have up to 264 objects , each 264 bytes in size , and you can perform arbitrary atomic transactions on those objects .
Moreover , a storage pool can have up to 264 sets of these objects , each of which is a logically independent file system .
Given this foundation , a lot of the heavy lifting of writing a Posix file system is already done for you .
You still have to interface with the operating system and the virtual memory subsystem , but all the stuff you do n’t have to worry about is kind of nice : you do n’t have to worry about on - disk format ; you do n’t have to worry about consistently modifying things ; and you do n’t have to worry about FSCK ( file system check ) .
JB
We can thank the skeptics in the early days for that .
In the very beginning , I said I wanted to make this file system a FSCK - less file system , though it seemed like an inaccessible goal , looking at the trends and how much storage people have .
Pretty much everybody said it ’s not possible , and that ’s just not a good thing to say to me .
My response was , “ OK , by God , this is going to be a FSCK - less file system . ”
We shipped in ’05 , and here we are in ’07 , and we have n’t needed to FSCK anything yet .
BM Having your data offline , while you try to find the needle in the haystack , is not really where most people want to live .
DB Well , especially when the scale of the storage is many terabytes or petabytes versus circa 1972 when the file system on Unix was five megabytes .
You talked about essentially building a layer of abstraction on the physical storage so that you have a more reliable transactional storage model down low .
Historically , we ’ve had storage welded into the operating system in terms of the specific file systems that a given operating system offers .
This makes it not as amenable to moving that storage around , if you want , whether it ’s hot - pluggability or mobility .
Did you look at those things as well ?
BM
If you were to go back five years and ask people , “ Would you mind having all your data over the network somewhere ? ” they would say , “ Ha , ha , ha , that ’s funny .
Way too low performance .
I ’ll never get my data fast enough . ”
Now you look around and gigabit is ubiquitous and 10 - gigabit is starting to emerge .
Right now with gigabit you get more than 100 megabytes a second over a $ 5 interface that ’s on every device you can buy — you can hardly buy anything slower anymore .
The interesting thing to note about that is the network is now faster than any local disk you can buy .
One of the things we see in the HPC ( high - performance computing ) industry is people moving away from local storage and using high - speed , low - latency interconnects — which Ethernet will eventually catch up with — and using that as the primary means of accessing their data .
My prediction is that in the next five to 10 years , for the most part , your data is going to be somewhere else .
You ’ll still have local storage when you ’re not connected to any network , but in an office environment or a corporate environment or a data center , I just do n’t think you ’re going to have a whole lot of local storage .
JB Yes , because if you ’ve got a relatively small client compared with a relatively large server providing the data , you have to consider the cost of disk access on your local system versus the latency of going over the wire to get something that in all likelihood is in memory on the server side — and that actually is faster now that we ’re up to 10 - gigabit Ethernet .
BM I think this will continue to be truer as we go forward , but only in recent history have the trend lines crossed to such a point that having your storage remote is acceptable and perhaps can even exceed the performance of a local storage solution .
DB I wonder if there are some emerging issues to talk about in this regard .
There is ongoing discourse about NAS ( network - attached storage ) , the pNFS ( parallel NFS ) type of approach versus the SAN ( storage area network ) .
JB
Whether you talk about storage as SAN or NAS , you ’re describing it fundamentally as a relatively dumb thing that you plug in , and then some smart thing comes along to access it .
The big change that we ’re going to see is more intelligence in the storage itself .
Rather than simply saying , “ Give me the following region of bytes out of some file , ” you ’re going to come at it with a question , and then it ’s going to do some work for you and come up with an answer .
If you think about it , this is exactly how you interact with Google .
You do n’t go to Google and have it feed two petabytes of data over your DSL line , and then run grep locally .
That would be kind of bad .
Instead , you send a small question over the wire to Google , which runs the compute right near the data , where it ’s all low latency , and then sends you back a very small answer .
We see storage in general moving in that direction because you have more and more of it and you want to be able to do unstructured queries .
You need to have that kind of technology .
It ’s too expensive to do brute - force searches without any kind of support from underlying storage systems , just because of the change in capacity .
In fact , there was a prediction made about 10 years ago that by roughly today , all data would be in databases , and file systems were going away .
I think it ’s really all about human behavior .
If you want to sell to people who are organized in the way they store things , the only people you ’ll be selling to will be in the database market .
I ’d rather sell to people who are disorganized in the way they store things because there are more of them and they have a lot more stuff .
People are pack rats and they do n’t plan .
DB I would like to ask Pawel about some of the problems and challenges he faced while porting ZFS to FreeBSD .
What made it difficult ?
What were the things perhaps you expected to be difficult that were less so ?
PAWEL JAKUB DAWIDEK
At first I just wanted to see how much work it would take to port ZFS to FreeBSD .
I started by making it compile on FreeBSD , and once I did that , I was quite sure it would take at least six months to have the first prototype working .
The funny thing was that after another week or so , ZFS was running on my test machine .
It was truly surprising that the code was so portable ; it was self - contained and I had initial read - write support after 10 days of work .
The parts that need to be ported are actually only ZVOL , ZPL , and VDEV ; all the rest is mostly self - contained and does n’t need a lot of work .
Of course , after those 10 days there was still a lot of work to do and I encountered some problems .
I found that VFS was the hardest part in ZFS ’s ZPL layer , but I managed to make it work .
There were some parts I needed to port from OpenSolaris itself , such as the GFS ( generic file system ) framework , which in ZFS is responsible for handling the .zfs / directory and snapshot mountpoint .
There were a few really tough problems , but the project was so exciting that it somehow kept me working .
I had this feeling that what I ’m doing is really cool and that I should continue .
So , basically , it went much , much better and faster than I ever expected .
The FreeBSD port of ZFS is almost feature - complete .
We even have support for FreeBSD ’s jails working the same way as ZFS support for Solaris zones .
We , of course , support snapshots , ZVOLs , NFS exports , etc .
The biggest problem , which was recently fixed , was the very high ZFS memory consumption .
Users were often running out of KVA ( kernel virtual address space ) on 32 - bit systems .
The memory consumption is still high , but the problem we had was related to a vnode leak .
FreeBSD 7.0 will be the first release that contains ZFS .
DB Is that going to be 64 bits ?
PJD
We want to release ZFS for every architecture we support , but we do n’t recommend ZFS for 32 - bit architectures .
JB
We debated that in the early days because obviously it has been a bug for a long time now .
Back when virtual memory was first created , the idea was that you had far more virtual addressing than you had physical memory .
As physical memory capacity crossed the four - gigabyte ( 32 - bit ) threshold , however , the contents of the bag got bigger than the bag .
That ’s an awkward situation to be in , to have an eight - gigabyte system and only two or four gigabytes that are actually addressable at any one time .
I had actually hoped that this problem would go away a little sooner than it has — and Bill is laughing because he gave me a hard time about this — but as we were developing ZFS , I basically said , “ Look , by the time we actually ship this thing , this problem will have taken care of itself because everything will be 64 - bit . ”
I was n’t entirely off base .
BM
You were right within a decade .
JB Maybe even within half a decade , but it ’s one of those things where you look at it and say , “ Gee , the code is so much simpler if I do n’t have to deal with that whole set of problems , ” keeping only a subset of the data mapped .
DB I think the assumption is pretty valid in terms of what has happened with hardware commoditization and cost .
Hardware has become free and you can have large tracts of physical memory and disk and everything , but , unfortunately , people still have these old applications , relying on these old operating systems .
JB Sometimes it ’s new ones , too .
It ’s not your next desktop ; it ’s your next laptop , or PDA , or cellphone , and all of a sudden , you have this new class of device and you ’re back to square one .
You have more limited addressing , a smaller amount of memory , and less compute power , and you want to be able to fit in those devices .
DB The “ ZFS for my cellphone ” kind of problem .
BM Actually , we ’ve released ZFS not as a be-all , end - all product ; we ’ve tried to design and maintain it in such a way that it ’s really not just an endpoint but rather a starting point .
It ’s a framework , with the transactional object store and the pooled storage , on top of which you can build far more interesting things .
DB
What kinds of interesting things do you have in mind ?
BM
There are a lot of other things we ’ve been planning to do with it , and have n’t quite found the time to do .
One thing we have found the time for is basically to take one of these objects and export it as a raw block device , as a virtual disk , if you will .
With this virtual disk you can do anything you would do with the real disk .
You can put UFS ( Unix file system ) on it , or you can export it as an iSCSI device .
You can run your favorite database on it or you can cat ( 1 ) it , if that ’s what you ’re into .
Imagine if you took , say , a database such as Postgres or MySQL and put the SQL engine on top of ZFS ’s transactional object store .
Then you would have something that has all the file system and volume manager stuff integrated into it , so there ’s no waste doing the same job five different times on your way down from your database app before it gets to disk .
It ’s all handled once , yet you still have the same programming interface and the SQL search engine that you know and love and are used to .
JB
If you have a database sitting on top of a transactional file system , the database is sitting up there being very careful about ordering its writes to the log and being clear about saying when it wants to know this stuff is flushed out .
Then beneath it , you ’ve got this transactional file system creating transaction groups , putting in a bunch of changes , and then committing those out to disk atomically .
Why not have a blending of the layers where basically the whole back end to the database — the part that is n’t parsing the SQL — participates directly in the transaction groups that ZFS provides , so that consistency is no longer a problem the database has to solve ?
It can be handled entirely by the storage software below .
BM
That is especially nice when you have a transactional object store and you have the capability of rolling back .
If bad things , such as a power fail , should happen , you do n’t ever have to do an offline FSCK , as you would in a traditional file system .
DB
What are the provocative problems in storage that are still outstanding , and does ZFS help ?
What ’s next ?
What ’s still left ?
What are the things that you see down the pike that might be the big issues that we ’ll be dealing with ?
JB
There are not just issues , but opportunities , too .
I ’ll give you an example .
We were looking at the spec sheets for one of the newest Seagate drives recently , and they had an awful lot of error - correction support in there to deal with the fact that the media is not perfect .
BM
They ’re pushing the limits of the physics on these devices so hard that there ’s a statistical error rate .
JB Right , so we looked at the data rates coming out of the drive .
The delivered bandwidth from the outer tracks was about 80 megabytes per second , but the raw data rate — the rate that is actually coming off the platter — was closer to 100 .
This tells you that some 20 percent of the bits on that disk are actually error corrections .
BM Error correcting , tracking , bad sector remapping .
JB Exactly , so one of the questions you ask yourself is , “ Well , if I ’m going to start moving my data - integrity stuff up into the file system anyway — because I can actually get end - to - end data integrity that way , which is always stronger — then why not get some additional performance out of the disk drive ?
Why not give me an option with this disk drive ? ”
I ’ll remap all the bad sectors , because we do n’t even have to remap them .
It suffices to allocate it elsewhere and basically deliberately leak the block that is defective .
It would n’t take a whole lot of file - system code to do that .
Then you can say , “ Put the drive in this mode , ” and you ’ve got a drive with 20 percent more capacity and 20 percent higher bandwidth because you ’re running ZFS on top of it .
That would be pretty cool .
DB
That ’s a really exciting idea .
Have you had those discussions with the drive vendors about whether they would offer that mode ?
BM
Not quite , because they ’re most interested in moving up the margin chain , if you will , and providing more unreliable devices that they sell at a lower cost ; it is n’t really something they care to entertain all that thoroughly .
I think we will see this again with flash , however , because flash has a much more interesting failure mode .
With flash , as you wear out a given region of the device , you wind up getting statistically higher and higher bit - error rates in that region .
In ZFS we have a notion of built - in compression .
Say the application gives us 128 kilobytes of data .
We compress it down to 37 kilobytes .
Then we write a single 37 - kilobyte block of data to disk , and to the application it looks like it ’s reading and writing 128 kilobytes , while we ’re compressing it to whatever size that works .
Conversely , you could go another way , which is potentially to expand the data with some sort of error - correcting code such that when you read the data back — or before you write the data — you would say , “ All right , with the media I ’m going to write to , I expect this kind of error rate , and I want this kind of recoverability .
Let me expand it using my own error - correcting code , write it out , and then when I read it back , undo that and correct any errors you wind up with . ”
The idea being that now that it ’s under ZFS control , it could be software controlled .
As you wear out a region of a flash device , you say , “ All right , that region is getting worn out .
Maybe I ’ll start expanding the data in that region of the device a little more , ” or , “ This area is not worn out , so maybe I wo n’t expand those as much and get the capacity . ”
There are some very interesting ideas that can come from putting everything up at the file - system level .
DB I think it ’s also a very provocative point .
When we thought about nonvolatile storage through most of our history in the field , it ’s been disk drives .
Then all of a sudden , we ’ve got flash , which has totally different properties than the disk drive .
When you started out with ZFS , were you thinking at all about the application of hybrid storage ?
BM Not explicitly .
We were thinking more about keeping everything as compartmentalized as possible , so that as time moves on and things we could n’t have anticipated come up , the amount of code we have to change to implement some new radical technology should be minimal .
JB
We did have an overall design principle of not designing the file system assuming that you ’re writing fundamentally to cylindrical storage , that other things will come into existence .
At the time it was n’t clear that it was going to be flash ; that was n’t even on the radar screen .
We were thinking it would be more like MRAM or Ovonic unified memory or holographic memory .
It ’s hard to say which one of these things is ultimately going to take over , but I do n’t think that on the deck of the Enterprise we ’ll have rotating rust .
BM Every year inside Sun , the Solaris kernel engineers have a session at the beginning of the year called predicteria where we make one - , three - , and six - year predictions for ourselves and the industry .
For the past 10 years , Jeff has been betting that five years out we ’ll have nonvolatile memory and there will be no more DRAM in computers .
So far he has been losing that bet every time it comes up , but one of these years he ’ll probably be right .
I just do n’t know which year that ’ll be .
Originally published in Queue vol . 5 , no .
6 —
see this item in the ACM Digital Library
Related :
Pat Helland - Mind Your State for Your State of Mind
Applications have had an interesting evolution as they have moved into the distributed and scalable world .
Similarly , storage and its cousin databases have changed side by side with applications .
Many times , the semantics , performance , and failure models of storage and applications do a subtle dance as they change in support of changing business requirements and environmental challenges .
Adding scale to the mix has really stirred things up .
This article looks at some of these issues and their impact on systems .
Alex Petrov - Algorithms Behind Modern Storage Systems
This article takes a closer look at two storage system design approaches used in a majority of modern databases ( read - optimized B - trees and write - optimized LSM ( log- structured merge ) - trees ) and describes their use cases and tradeoffs .
Mihir Nanavati , Malte Schwarzkopf , Jake Wires , Andrew Warfield - Non-volatile Storage
For the entire careers of most practicing computer scientists , a fundamental observation has consistently held true : CPUs are significantly more performant and more expensive than I /O devices .
The fact that CPUs can process data at extremely high rates , while simultaneously servicing multiple I/O devices , has had a sweeping impact on the design of both hardware and software for systems of all sizes , for pretty much as long as we ’ve been building them .
Thanumalayan Sankaranarayana Pillai , Vijay Chidambaram , Ramnatthan Alagappan , Samer Al - Kiswany , Andrea C. Arpaci- Dusseau , Remzi H. Arpaci- Dusseau - Crash Consistency
The reading and writing of data , one of the most fundamental aspects of any Von Neumann computer , is surprisingly subtle and full of nuance .
For example , consider access to a shared memory in a system with multiple processors .
While a simple and intuitive approach known as strong consistency is easiest for programmers to understand , many weaker models are in widespread use ( e.g. , x86 total store ordering ) ; such approaches improve system performance , but at the cost of making reasoning about system behavior more complex and error - prone .
© 2020 ACM , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
ELMVALE – Police shot a mentally disabled man in his driveway in this small farming community northwest of Barrie last night .
Ontario Provincial Police would not confirm reports the man had died .
The man was shot after a confrontation with an officer or officers that followed an earlier dispute between the man and a door - to - door salesperson .
Neighbours heard multiple shots .
Tanya Russell said she was outside talking to a neighbour while her 7 - year - old son and a neighbour 's son played when she heard the gunfire at Doug Minty 's home on Lawson Ave. just after 8 p.m .
" I heard , ' Lay on the ground , ' then boom , boom , boom , we heard gunshots , " Russell said .
Her neighbour ran down the street and came back moments later shouting , " It 's Doug , it 's Doug , " she said .
" He said , ' A police officer shot Doug . ' "
She ran down the street and saw Minty , believed to be in his 50s , lying outside his small bungalow .
" The police were there , " Russell said .
" But it was neighbours doing CPR . "
Minty was taken to Royal Victoria Hospital in Barrie , about 20 kilometres away .
Last night , the provincial Special Investigations Unit , which probes incidents in which police officers seriously wound or kill civilians , was at the scene .
OPP officers received a call to their Huronia West detachment shortly after 8 p.m. reporting a dispute between a salesman and a resident of a Lawson Ave. home .
" Upon arrival , there was an altercation between an officer and the occupant ( of the home ) , and as a result , the officer discharged his service pistol , " said Const .
Peter Leon .
Neighbour Mabel Morrison said Minty would frequently help residents with household tasks .
" He never bothered anybody . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from Jesse McLean
Pot proposal 's impact depends on federal law LEGALIZING MARIJUANA
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano sits in his district office in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , Feb. 27 , 2009 .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano sits in his district office in San Francisco , Calif. , on Friday , Feb. 27 , 2009 .
Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Pot proposal 's impact depends on federal law 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
When California became the first state to legalize medical marijuana in 1996 , the federal government responded by closing down pot clubs , prosecuting suppliers , threatening doctors who recommended the drug , and successfully battling co-ops and patients in cases that reached the U.S. Supreme Court .
So Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , author of a bill that would make California the first state to legalize personal use of marijuana , is going out of his way to avoid a fight with the feds .
Ammiano's longshot measure gained some traction last week when Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said it was " time for debate " on whether the state should allow sales of marijuana and use the tax revenue to help close California 's gaping budget deficit .
The state Board of Equalization has estimated that the bill 's proposed $ 50 - an - ounce sales tax would raise $ 1.3 billion a year .
But Ammiano , D - San Francisco , is n't proposing to go that far .
At least not until the federal government repeals its 72 - year - old ban on possession , sale and cultivation of marijuana , or allows states to do so .
Personal cultivation only
If federal law remains unchanged , Ammiano 's bill , AB390 , would merely repeal California 's criminal penalties for personal cultivation and possession of up to 10 marijuana plants .
That means no retail sales , no tax revenue and - the assemblyman hopes - no federal raids .
Only if , in the bill 's language , " federal law permits possession and sale consistent with this program , " would the measure legalize marijuana for adults 21 and older , with regulations like those that apply to alcohol .
The cautious approach " acknowledges , to some extent , the reality we have right now , " said Quintin Mecke , a spokesman for Ammiano .
" I 'm hard - pressed to imagine the ( Drug Enforcement Administration ) being that interested in what is in someone 's private home , " Mecke said .
" I think they pay attention to major grow operations . "
Federal officials would probably take a dim view , however , of state legalization of storefront sales that defied U.S. law , Mecke said .
Backers cite polls
Nevertheless , some advocacy groups would like to go that route , citing recent opinion polls that show increased support for their cause .
A Field Poll in late April found 56 percent of Californians surveyed in favor of legalizing , regulating and taxing marijuana .
Recent national polls have reported more than 40 percent support for the same position , and a nationwide Zogby Poll last week put support at 52 percent .
" In ever - increasing numbers , the citizens of this state are ready to junk our failed prohibition policies , even if that means taking on the feds , " said Stephen Gutwillig , state director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
The voters , he said , are " way ahead " of public officials on the issue .
If marijuana policy is to change , " it has to be the states moving first , " said Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project .
" Just like medical marijuana , the feds will be dragged along by the states . "
If legislative efforts fail , Mirken said , " I think you 're going to see more and more grassroots enthusiasm for an initiative . "
Two years at earliest
Ammiano introduced AB390 in February but says he will not try to bring it to a vote until next year , which means it could not take effect until 2011 .
And its prospects have been dimmed by the unyielding opposition of police organizations .
" We have alcohol , tobacco , pharmaceuticals .
Why on earth would any sane person want to add another mind - altering substance to the available legal array ? " said John Lovell , lobbyist for the California Peace Officers Association , California Narcotics Officers Association and California Police Chiefs Association .
He said he welcomes the debate suggested by Schwarzenegger because well - informed Californians would oppose the bill .
If enacted , the measure would encounter the same federal - state conflict that arose in 1996 , when California voters passed Proposition 215 , legalizing the medical use of marijuana with a doctor 's recommendation .
Despite the federal ban on marijuana , Prop. 215 remains in effect and has been a model for laws in 12 other states .
Courts , however , have ruled that when the state and federal laws collide , Washington prevails .
Supreme Court rulings
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2001 that federal authorities can use their laws to shut down dispensaries that were operating legally under Prop. 215 , upholding a position first advocated by President Bill Clinton 's administration .
A year later , a federal appeals court rejected , on free - speech grounds , a Clinton - initiated effort to cut off California patients ' marijuana supplies by revoking their doctors ' federal prescription licenses .
That ruling did not affect federal raids or prosecutions , however , and in 2005 , the Supreme Court upheld the national government 's authority to enforce drug laws against marijuana patients and their suppliers , rejecting states ' - rights arguments .
As a presidential candidate last year , Barack Obama said states should be allowed to enforce medical marijuana laws without federal interference .
His attorney general , Eric Holder , said on March 18 that the Justice Department would target traffickers who violated both state and federal law , implying that Californians who complied with Prop. 215 would be left alone .
Feds still chasing cases
But federal prosecutors in California have continued to pursue cases against locally licensed marijuana dispensaries .
And , as Obama made clear in an online town hall meeting March 26 , any change in current federal policy is limited to the medical use of marijuana .
Responding to numerous questions about raising tax revenue by legalizing marijuana , the president said jokingly , " I do n't know what this says about the online audience . "
Then he added , " No , I do n't think that is a good strategy to grow our economy . "
Mirken , of the Marijuana Policy Project , said it will take time to persuade the federal government to let the state go its own way .
But if a bill like Ammiano 's becomes law two years from now , as Obama looks ahead to a re-election campaign , Mirken said , administration officials contemplating a crackdown might be asking themselves , " Do we really want to anger California ? "
" A presumption of openness , " is now supposed to guide federal agencies ' responses to Freedom of Information Act requests .
Attorney General Eric
Holder today sent a memo to agency heads that reverses FOIA guidelines that have been in place since Oct. 12 , 2001 .
The Bush - era presumption , established by then - attorney general John Ashcroft , was that agencies should first assume that information should not be released -- and put most of the burden on the requester to prove otherwise .
" Any discretionary decision by your agency to disclose information protected under the FOIA should be made only after full and deliberate consideration of the institutional , commercial , and personal privacy interests that could be implicated by disclosure of the information , " Ashcroft wrote in that 2001 memo .
In a statement , Holder says that :
" By restoring the presumption of disclosure that is at the heart of the Freedom of Information Act , we are making a critical change that will restore the public 's ability to access information in a timely manner .
The American people have the right to information about their government 's activities , and these new guidelines will ensure they are able to obtain that information under principles of openness and transparency . "
The Department of Justice says Holder 's memo should be posted on its website shortly -- no FOIA request will be necessary .
It 's certainly no coincidence : This is Sunshine Week .
Update at 4:08 p.m. ET .
The Holder memo :
The communications department at Justice sent us a copy of Holder 's memo , which we 've posted here .
It should also be on the department 's website soon .
The Shotgun Blog
« BC STV Referendum : The Irish Experience | Main | The Church of Property : Part II »
Tuesday , May 05 , 2009
Happy 110th birthday Friedrich Hayek
UPDATE : Steve Horwitz has corrected folks that Hayek 's birthday is , in fact , on the 8th of May , not on the 5th .
I blame my trust in Ilya Somin .
We 'll celebrate Hayek 's birthday twice this week !
Today marks the 110th birthday of Friedrich A. Hayek , libertarian , Nobel - prize winning economist .
The Volokh conspiracy has a short birthday post up by Ilya Somin .
He 's focusing on two articles by Hayek that , in his mind , are continuing to be relevant today .
The first is " The Use of Knowledge in Society " .
The second is Hayek 's explanation for why he does not consider himself a conservative .
CafeHayek is a bit slow to wish their namesake a happy birthday today , but Russel Roberts does have a wonderful post up that helps explain one of Hayek 's key insights :
Civic order in the classical liberal vision is a bottom up emergent order that takes advantage of knowledge that the top down engineering approach misses .
This is true in pecuniary activity such as buying and selling but it's also true in non-pecuniary activity -- who I want to associate with religiously or in my hobbies or how much time I have for my children or my parents .
Freedom does n't just mean the right to be selfish .
It 's the right to associate with whom I choose .
The classical liberal prescription for the good life is n't about making as much money as possible .
It 's about the freedom to choose .
It 's about voluntary rather than coercive solutions , decentralized rather than centralized solutions , bottom - up emergent solutions that are the result of many actions and actors rather than top - down solutions by experts .
In 1974 , Hayek received the Nobel Prize in Economics , the first free market economist to receive it .
Shortly thereafter in 1975 , he met Margaret Thatcher thanks to the Institute of Economic Affairs .
After meeting Hayek , Thatcher became a fan .
Here 's my favourite Thatcher anecdote , as explained by Wikipedia :
During
Thatcher 's only visit to the Conservative Research Department in the summer of 1975 , a speaker had prepared a paper on why the " middle way " was the pragmatic path the Conservative Party should take , avoiding the extremes of left and right .
Before he had finished , Thatcher " reached into her briefcase and took out a book .
It was Friedrich von Hayek 's The Constitution of Liberty .
Interrupting our pragmatist , she held the book up for all of us to see .
‘ This ’ , she said sternly , ‘ is what we believe ’ , and banged Hayek down on the table " .
Can you picture Brian Mulroney , George W. Bush , or Stephen Harper doing the same ?
No ?
Me neither ...
Hayek is perhaps best known for his book The Road to Serfdom -- a cautionary tale about how slowly , step - by - step , we move from a free country all the way to socialism , a kind of serfdom .
Each step along the way seems reasonable , and who could denounce sensible compromise ?
For example , if banks are failing , we need to nationalize them !
If auto manufacturers are not making money , and are threatening to go bankrupt , why , we 'll need to bail them out !
All perfectly reasonable , sensible , and ultimately destructive , steps on that road to serfdom paved with good intentions and " temporary " solutions .
Hayek is probably my favourite " economist . "
I put " economist " in scare quotes for one simple reason -- in my mind , Hayek was first and foremost a philosopher , not an economist .
His economic insights are the result of his comprehensive familiarity with the philosophy of science , political philosophy , and philosophy of law ( Hayek completed two doctorates , one in law the other in political science .
He never received a doctorate in economics ) .
But receiving a Nobel Prize in economics sort of has a way of making everyone think that that 's what you are .
Still , he 's a philosopher in my mind , and it is a great shame that philosophy departments do not spend as much time as they should on Hayek 's explicit philosophy of mind , epistemological works , and his political philosophy .
While celebrating Hayek 's birthday , why not help boost sales of his books .
Glenn Reynolds is picking up on the fact that Obama 's presidency is creating a surge in Amazon sales for people like Ayn Rand and Friedrich Hayek .
Let 's help out a bit , shall we ? :
Posted by P.M. Jaworski on May 5 , 2009 in Libertarianism | Permalink
Comments
" Hayek is probably my favourite ' economist . '
I put " economist " in scare quotes for one simple reason -- in my mind , Hayek was first and foremost a philosopher , not an economist . "
That can be said about the Austrian School in general .
Great post , Peter .
Posted by : Matthew Johnston | 2009-05-05 12:22:42 PM
It is a good post Peter .
In my university days I was taught that economics is a branch of moral philosophy .
That being the case I see no contradiction .
Adam Smith was a professor of moral philosophy .
We can narrow the field but it is still subsumed .
Cheers !
Posted by : DML | 2009-05-06 10:07:46 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
We are working to make it even easier for you to build sophisticated , scalable , and robust web applications using AWS .
As soon as you launch some EC2 instances , you want visibility into resource utilization and overall performance .
You want your application to be able to scale on demand based on traffic and system load .
You want to spread the incoming traffic across multiple web servers for high availability and better performance .
You want to focus on building an application that takes advantage of the powerful infrastructure available in the cloud , while avoiding system administration and operational burdens ( “ The Muck , ” as Jeff Bezos once called it ) .
Today , we are bringing you a lot closer to that world !
The load balancing , auto scaling , and cloud monitoring features that I talked about earlier are now available .
The features work together to help you to build highly scalable and highly available applications .
Amazon CloudWatch monitors your Amazon EC2 capacity , Auto Scaling dynamically scales it based on demand , and Elastic Load Balancing distributes load across multiple instances in one or more Availability Zones .
The measurements collected by Amazon CloudWatch provide Auto Scaling with the information needed to run enough Amazon EC2 instances to deal with the traffic load .
Auto Scaling updates the Elastic Load Balancing service when new instances are launched or terminated to automatically scale the load - balanced capacity .
You can instantiate , configure , and deploy these important system architecture components in seconds .
Amazon CloudWatch tracks and stores a number of per-instance performance metrics including CPU load , Disk I/O rates , and Network I /O rates .
The metrics are rolled - up at one minute intervals and are retained for two weeks .
Once stored , you can retrieve metrics across a number of dimensions including Availability Zone , Instance Type , AMI ID , or Auto Scaling Group .
Because the metrics are measured inside Amazon EC2 you do not have to install or maintain monitoring agents on every instance that you want to monitor .
You get real - time visibility into the performance of each of your Amazon EC2 instances and can quickly detect underperforming or underutilized instances .
Auto Scaling lets you define scaling policies driven by metrics collected by Amazon CloudWatch .
Your Amazon EC2 instances will scale automatically based on actual system load and performance but you wo n’t be spending money to keep idle instances running .
The service maintains a detailed audit trail of all scaling operations .
Auto Scaling uses a concept called an Auto Scaling Group to define what to scale , how to scale , and when to scale .
Each group tracks the status of an application running across one or more EC2 instances .
A set of rules or Scaling Triggers associated with each group define the system conditions under which additional EC2 instances will be launched or unneeded EC2 instances terminated .
Each group includes an EC2 launch configuration to allow for specification of an AMI ID , instance type , and so forth .
Finally , the Elastic Load Balancing feature makes it easy for you to distribute web traffic across Amazon EC2 instances residing in one or more Availability Zones .
You can create a new Elastic Load Balancer in minutes .
Each one contains a list of EC2 instance IDs , a public - facing URL , and a port number .
You will need to use a CNAME record in your site ’s DNS entry to associate your this URL with your application .
You can use Health Checks to ascertain the health of each instance via pings and URL fetches , and stop sending traffic to unhealthy instances until they recover .
Here ’s how the services fit together :
All of this functionality is provided in web service and command - line form :
You can call ListMetrics to get a list of statistics collected by Amazon CloudWatch , and then call GetMetricStatistics to retrieve them .
Your call to GetMetricStatistics can include a number of parameters to specify the date range , desired metrics and statistics , metric granularity , and more .
You can also use mon-list - metrics and mon-get - stats from the command line .
There ’s a lot more info in the Developer Guide ( HTML or PDF ) and the Quick Reference Card .
to get a list of statistics collected by Amazon CloudWatch , and then call to retrieve them .
Your call to can include a number of parameters to specify the date range , desired metrics and statistics , metric granularity , and more .
You can also use and from the command line .
There ’s a lot more info in the Developer Guide ( HTML or PDF ) and the Quick Reference Card .
On the load balancing side , you start out by calling CreateLoadBalancer to create an Elastic Load Balancer , and will receive a DNS name in return .
You can include a list of Availability Zones in the call or you can add them later using EnableAvailabilityZonesForLoadBalancer .
From there you can add any number of health checks using ConfigureHealthCheck .
A call to RegisterInstancesWithLoadBalancer will add your Amazon EC2 instances to the Elastic Load Balancer , and load balancing will commence .
You can use elb - create - lb , elb - enable - zones - for - lb , elb - configure - healthcheck , and elb - register - instances - with - lb from the command line .
Again , there ’s a lot more info in the Developer Guide ( HTML or PDF ) and the Quick Reference Card .
to create an Elastic Load Balancer , and will receive a DNS name in return .
You can include a list of Availability Zones in the call or you can add them later using .
From there you can add any number of health checks using .
A call to will add your Amazon EC2 instances to the Elastic Load Balancer , and load balancing will commence .
You can use , , , and from the command line .
Again , there ’s a lot more info in the Developer Guide ( HTML or PDF ) and the Quick Reference Card .
For Auto Scaling you begin by calling CreateAutoScalingGroup , naming the group and providing the information needed to launch suitably configured Amazon EC2 instances .
You then establish the scaling parameters using the CreateOrUpdateScalingTrigger function .
The service will then launch Amazon EC2 instances as indicated by the scaling parameters .
You can call DescribeScalingActivities at any point to fetch a list of recent scaling activities ( instance launches and terminations ) .
Command line equivalents are as - create - autoscaling - group , as - create - or - update - trigger , and as - describe - scaling - activities .
Again , there ’s a lot ore info in the Developer Guide ( HTML or PDF ) and the Quick Reference Card .
If you ’re signed up for the Amazon EC2 service , you ’re already registered to use all of these new features and can begin using them via the web service APIs or Command Line tools .
These new features are currently available in the U.S. region with EU region availability coming in the next few months .
You can use these services to make your AWS applications perform better without sacrificing application control freedom of development , choice of tools , speed of deployment , or any other kind of flexibility .
You can be up and running with these new services in a matter of minutes .
All of these new features are supported through our public forums and also through AWS Premium Support .
Morning Update : As always , a few interesting things came up after I put this post out last night :
— Jeff ;
Urgent Message from Richard Gage , AIA
NYC 9/11 Investigation Ballot Initiative
Fellow Architect / Engineer and other Petition Signers ,
It looks like 2009 will be the breakthrough year for establishing a real investigation into the destruction of the three World Trade Center high - rise on 9/11 .
At the San Francisco AIA convention , April 30 to May 2 , about 60 architects signed our petition calling for a new investigation , bringing the total number of architects and engineers calling for a new investigation to over 700 .
Out on the East coast , a different petition is happening — one that we must support FULLY .
In the very city where these tragic events took place , over 38,000 New Yorkers have so far signed the petition calling for a citywide referendum on the formation of a new , independent , impartial investigation into the events of September 11 , 2001 .
When the voters of New York City collect the required number of signatures to put this referendum on the ballot and pass it by majority vote , a new Commission will be formed , this time consisting of pre-selected individuals who will follow the evidence wherever it may lead .
Such a Commission will give us the legally established venue to present the evidence for the explosive controlled demolition of the three WTC high - rises .
For over three years , Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth have called upon Congress to reopen the 9/11 investigation .
Our demand has fallen on deaf ears .
Now , we have the opportunity to help make this investigation a reality .
The dedicated team at NYCCAN in New York City need OUR support .
To guarantee their referendum will make it on the ballot , they must to collect 35,000 more signatures by the end of June .
Their goal is attainable if they have adequate funding .
Their petitioning staff has become so effective that they collect 1 signature for every dollar spent – “ a buck a sig ” , as they like to put it .
If 2,000 of us donate only $ 25 , they will immediately raise the $ 50,000 needed for the completion of their petitioning effort .
And with 75,000 signatures , the referendum will indeed make it on the ballot .
This donation must be in addition to your ongoing support of AE911 Truth .
We cannot afford to lose any of your valued support at this time – as our upcoming architect convention projects are equally important in the overall 9/11 truth effort .
Now is the time for us to put our money where our heart is .
Donate $ 25 right now , and we will be able to present the evidence before an independent , impartial Commission .
Now is the time to support the New York City Coalition for Accountability Now , because NYC CAN .
One real chance .
One real investigation .
Donate now .
Sincerely ,
Richard Gage , AIA
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Is this the biggest overnight price increase you 've ever heard of - 359 % ?
On April 10th , which is tomorrow , that will be the leap in " transaction fees " paid by investors to the U.S. government .
This might not be the worst news you ever heard , so hold your ire until we explain .
In a fact little - known to investors , market - makers like the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ must pay fees to the government that are based on the dollar volume of their trading in stocks .
These establishments , however , do n't really bear the freight .
Nor , in most cases , do their broker - dealer members .
Instead , the brokers pass the cost along to their customers - that is , investors - who pay it when they sell stocks .
( Were the fees also to be charged on purchases , double - counting would occur ; so the fees only apply to sales ) .
Check out the confirmation you get on each sale to see the fee .
At the NYSE level , to hit the upper link of this chain , the fee for one million dollars of trading today , April 9th is $ 5.60 , and tomorrow it will more than quadruple , leaping to $ 25.70 .
And why ?
Because in 2002 Congress passed a law saying it should .
The history here goes back to the tech bubble of a decade ago , when the dollar volume of trading vaulted to then - unprecedented heights .
In the system then in place , the transaction fees rose proportionately , hitting $ 33.33 per million dollars in the government 's fiscal 2000 and looking like they might go to the sky .
Congress then got rid of proportionality by passing what is known as the Fee Relief Act .
Through 2011 , this law said , the Securities & Exchange Commission , which collects the fees for the Treasury , should both aim for an annual total specified by the law and adjust rates at least once a year so as to get close to the target .
As is the case with everything about the government , there are additional complications , the main one being that a fee change can't go into effect if the SEC 's budget has n't been approved .
( Do not be misled by that fact :
The SEC 's budget , $ 960 million for the fiscal year to end September 30th , is not dependent on the transaction fees ) .
For the current fiscal year , the SEC is supposed to gather $ 1.023 billion in transaction fees .
But in January , looking at prospects for the first six months of the year , the Commission estimated it would take in only $ 190 million for that period - not even 20 % of the amount needed !
This shortfall is occurring because certain events conspired : Approval of the SEC 's budget was delayed ; the very low fee of the previous year , that aforementioned $ 5.60 , was consequently held over ; and stock prices cratered , which meant the fee was applied to relatively low dollar volumes .
The Fee Relief Act - ill - named for this moment - thereby kicked in , requiring the SEC to engage in certain algorithmic calculations to predict the rate it will need from April through September to hit the $ 1.023 billion target .
The math said , unsurprisingly , that a huge increase was called for - and the law made it mandatory .
And that 's why the rate happens to be rising tomorrow , April 10th , by 359 % .
( Calendar note : Said day is , of course , Good Friday , when the NYSE is closed ; that makes Monday , the 13th , the day that counts ) .
So let 's get to the nub of it all .
Even if you 're an active investor , do n't tell your kids they can no longer plan on college because of this sudden and oppressive price increase .
The fee for even a $ 100,000 trade - say , a sale of 2000 shares of a $ 50 stock - will rise to only about $ 2.50 .
You might be able to stand that .
I spent the better part of last night exploring High Voltage Software 's
The Conduit , and while a more detailed review of the game should be coming tomorrow after another marathon session , the one thing that jumped out about the game deserves its own post : this game wants you to like it , and goes out of its way to deal with however you 'd like to play .
Many games lock you into a few choices of control schemes , but the controls in the Conduit are completely configurable .
You can even change around the motion controls if you 'd like .
Do n't want to use a throwing motion with the nunchuk to throw a grenade ?
Change it .
If you want to move the trigger for your gun to another button , you can do that .
The default controls — although they make it hard to use the game with a gun controller — worked best for me , but if you have any weird preferences for FPS titles , you 'll be taken care of .
If you do n't like the speed in which your character moves ?
You can change that .
When you reload your gun , the character 's attention is on the weapon and causes everything else to blur momentarily .
It 's a neat trick that makes you really pay attention to when you reload .
If you do n't like it , however , you can turn it off .
The heads - up display can be moved around and reconfigured , and made more or less transparent .
If you want to see your ammo counter on the bottom of the screen instead of the top , just move it there .
There are a number of ways you can deal with the nunchuk and movement depending on what you 're comfortable with , and even better , when you try these out the game allows you to move your character freely .
You can test each option out before you select it , in other words , and you 'll find which way you 're the most comfortable with very quickly .
Everything about the menu system and options is elegant , and you can tweak the game experience to your heart 's content .
I hope this willingness to work with you instead of foisting a few measly control choices on the player is something other games rip off ; not only is it endearing , it makes sure anyone can play exactly the way they like .
Good stuff .
Advertisement
Looking for a helpful read on writing a better resume , but can't get around pulling up everyone else 's resumes instead ?
Search PDF is a custom Google search that filters up books and instructional PDFs .
The ultra -spare background and simple results links will remind you of Google in its earliest incarnations , but Search PDF ( or maybe it's PDF Books Search Engine ? ) seems to have a bit more discretion going on under the hood .
It manages to avoid the bulky piles of PDFs and focus on instructional , or at least narrative - form , documents floating around the web .
Each result can be opened up with Scribd 's iPaper viewer , which is a pretty handy way to skim through a multi-page document without having to launch anything on your system .
Advertisement
That 's all she wrote , but it 's a decent link to keep handy when you 're looking for something to read , whether of the how - to variety or straight - up PDF ebooks .
Free to use , no sign - up required .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
PDF Books Search Engine [ via Wendy's Web Search Blog ]
Video :
See some animals with a head for numbers
Gallery : Eight animals that can count
CLEVER HANS ’s gift was just too good to be true .
The Arabian stallion wowed the crowds in early 20th - century Europe with his apparent ability to stomp out the answers to simple mathematical problems , such as 12 – 3 = 9 .
He could even add fractions and factorise small numbers ( see image ) .
Then in 1907 , a German psychologist , Oskar Pfungst , proved that Hans was no animal savant .
In a scientific trial of sorts , Pfungst demonstrated that Hans could do arithmetic only when his owner , a maths teacher , or another questioner provided unconscious body cues hinting that Hans had reached the correct answer .
With blinkers on or with the questioner hidden , Hans ’s abilities vanished .
So , too , did the notion that animals could count .
Much has changed , however , in the century since Clever Hans ’s ignominious exposure .
Few now doubt that primates have a sense of number , and even distantly related animals , including salamanders , honeybees and newly hatched chicks , seem to have the knack , with some able to perform basic arithmetic .
What ’s more , the skills of this growing mathematical menagerie resemble our own innate abilities .
Could basic mathematics have evolved hundreds of millions of years ago ?
“ The ability to represent time and space and number is a precondition for having any experience whatsoever , ” says Randy Gallistel , a psychologist at Rutgers University in Piscataway , New Jersey .
Of course , without language or a precise symbolic system to represent numbers , animal numerical abilities will never reach human levels .
No chimpanzee will ever learn long division , but with enough practice almost any human can …
“ Psssst .
Hey , you .
Yeah , you , over there with the really fat checkbook .
“ Wanna make some serious money real fast — and legal ?
Yeah , really — legally .
“ All you gotta do is give me about $ 114 million .
That ’s all — and I ’ll give you an ROI of 258,449 percent .
Yep .
You heard right — 258,449 percent .
You ’ll make $ 295.2 billion .
“ That work for you ? ”
Apparently , yes .
The Troubled Asset Relief Program , the now - fabled , poorly supervised “ TARP , ” has been quite a lucrative return on investment for companies getting the taxpayer - funded bailout bucks .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics :
The struggling companies whose freewheeling business practices have contributed to the country ’s economic woes are getting a lucrative return on at least one of their investments .
Beneficiaries of the $ 700 billion bailout package in the finance and automotive industries have spent a total of $ 114.2 million on lobbying in the past year and contributions toward the 2008 election . …
The companies ’ political activities have , in part , yielded them $ 295.2 billion from the federal government ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , an extraordinary return of 258,449 percent .
Says the center ’s director , Sheila Krumholz :
Even in the best economic times , you wo n’t find an investment with a greater payoff than what these companies have been getting .
Some of the companies and industries that have received payments may now consider their contributions and lobbying to be the smartest investments they ’ve made in years . ”
Now , who received the most in campaign contributions from these companies ?
Why , the politicians who are charged with oversight of TARP expenditures .
According to the center :
They include Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut , chairman of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs ( he received $ 854,200 from the companies in the 2008 election cycle , including money to his presidential campaign ) and Sen. Max Baucus of Montana , chair of the Senate Finance Committee ( he received $ 279,000 ) .
In total , members of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs , Senate Finance Committee and House Financial Services Committee received $ 5.2 million from TARP recipients in the 2007 - 2008 election cycle .
President Obama ’s campaign received at least $ 4.3 million in donations from employees at these companies .
The center provides a chart listing TARP recipients as of Feb. 2 , campaign contributions for the 2007 - 2008 cycle , lobbying expenditures for 2008 , the amount of TARP money received , and what the center terns “ return on investment . ”
Some ROIs reach into millions of percent .
It ’s interesting but infuriating reading , of course , and the analysis is somewhat flawed and unfair .
Not all of the lobbying expenditures were directly targeted at obtaining TARP money .
Many of the campaign contributions may actually have been given because of a corporate donor ’s belief in a particular candidate ( please , stop laughing . )
But that amount of money placed into politics by corporations that control global financial markets amounts to an enormous megaphone .
Politicians can’t help but hear , let alone be deafened , by voices that loud .
The center ’s analysis is instructive .
It reminds us yet again of the corrosive role of Big Money in political decision making .
Ferrari has been working steadily on the Ferrari F450 production car , the successor to the F430 , their best selling mid-engine V8 supercar to date .
So far they have been on a roll .
The F355 , 360 Modena and the current F430 have all been widely touted and very successful for the car manufacturer .
In fact , the 380 horsepower Ferrari F355 that was produced between 1994 and 1999 saved Ferrari from the brink of bankruptcy .
During those years it was available as a Gran Turismo Berlinetta ( GTB ) , Targa ( GTS ) and roadster ( Spider ) with a 0 to 60 mph sprint time of just 4.9 seconds and a top speed of 183 mph .
The 400 horsepower Ferrari 360 Modena came along in 1999 and dropped the 0 - 60 mph time to 4.3 seconds , pushing top speed up to 185 mph .
In 2000 , the Ferrari 360 Challenge was release as a track variant to compete in Ferrari ’s Challenge Championship series .
The final version was released in 2003 as the Ferrari 360 Challenge Stradale .
Sporting an engine rated at 425 bhp , its 0 to 60 mph acceleration time was in the 4.1 second range with a 186 mph top speed .
The Ferrari F430 was released in 2004 , featuring a 490 hp engine capable of 4 second flat sprints from 0 to 60 mph with a top speed of 196 mph .
Similar to the work Ferrari did with the 360 , the F430 was also released in two additional variations – Challenge ( 490 hp ) and Challenge Stradale ( 520 hp ) .
However , in 2007 at the Frankfurt Auto Show , they released the Ferrari F430 Scuderia , a leaner ( 220 lbs weight reduction ) and more powerful ( 508 hp ) version capable of 0 - 60 mph in 3.1 seconds and a top speed of 198 mph .
Now , the Company is set to release the production version of the Ferrari F450 sometime next year .
The name comes from the fact that the displacement will be bumped up to 4.5 liters .
Look for engine output to be somewhere north of 500 bhp with a max rev limit around 10,000 rpm .
As evidence by the progression over the last 15 years with this class of mid-engine V8 coupes , Ferrari may well take things up a notch once again .
I would n’t be surprised to see the Ferrari F450 best the Lamborghini Gallardo ( 5.0 - liter V10 engine ) at launch .
Afterall , Ferrari is known for really squeezing out tremendous power from smaller displacements .
There are many different images shown here that represent renderings of what the finalized Ferrari F450 will look like along with a couple of spy shots .
If we pay attention to the common denominator it appears as if the new car will have larger air intakes all around , a middle - mounted exhaust ( similar to the Challenge Stradale ) and a revised rear diffuser ( seen in the spy shot below slapped on the back of the current F430 ) .
Other notable features of the upcoming Ferrari F450 possibly include the seven - speed double clutch transmission from the California as well as KERS ( kinetic energy recovery system ) currently being introduced in Formula One racing ( a process which transforms energy saved from braking into extra power ) .
Source : AutoExpress UK | AutoPlus | Wikipedia | CzechFerrari.Cz
An initiative planned for the 2010 ballot would ask Arizona voters to legalize medical marijuana , setting up a California - style network of cannabis clubs and even allow some patients to grow their own drug supply .
It 's the fourth time since 1996 that state voters have been asked to decriminalize marijuana as a medical treatment .
Local supporters , backed by the national Marijuana Policy Project , have their sights set on the 2010 general election and plan to submit ballot language to the Secretary of State 's Office as early as next week .
The initiative would allow individuals with illnesses ranging from cancer to HIV / AIDS or glaucoma to seek a doctor 's recommendation for medical marijuana , according to draft ballot language obtained by The Arizona Republic .
Eligible individuals would be able to purchase up to 2�1 / 2 ounces of the drug every 14 days from a series of non-profit outlets , known as dispensaries .
Patients in rural areas of the state could cultivate a limited number of their own marijuana plants .
Marijuana remains a Schedule 1 drug under federal guidelines , like heroin or LSD .
But the initiative would shield from state prosecution the doctors who recommend marijuana for medical treatment , the dispensary workers who provide it and the patients who use it .
Thirteen states already have legalized medical marijuana in some fashion , though only California has established a widespread network of dispensaries to distribute it .
Proponents of medical marijuana say it can relieve pain and suffering .
Supporters of the Arizona initiative say it would provide another treatment alternative to the desperately ill , sparing them and their family from having to brave the underground drug market and risk criminal prosecution .
" These people are facing a terrible choice , " said Andrew Myers , campaign manager for the Arizona initiative .
" It 's either continue to suffer with debilitating effects or risk arrest and jail time . "
Skeptics voice worry
Skeptics are n't so sure .
They question the drug 's medicinal benefits and wonder whether efforts to legalize it for the sick and dying are a prelude to decriminalization for everyone else in the future .
" Do n't get blinded by the smokescreen , " warned Rick Romley , a former Maricopa County attorney .
" It 's still a step toward legalization of marijuana .
That 's what it has been since Day 1 . "
Romley was in office in 1996 during the state 's initial medical marijuana vote .
By a nearly 2 - 1 ratio , voters approved a ballot proposal that OK'd use of the drug for medical purposes , but lawmakers subsequently stripped the provision from the law .
In 1998 , federal authorities threatened to revoke the license of physicians who prescribed the drug .
That same year , voters rejected a ballot attempt to require that the federal government or Congress OK the use of medical marijuana before it could be prescribed by a doctor .
In 2002 , Arizona voters rejected an effort to decriminalize possession of small quantities of marijuana and make the drug available free of charge to patients suffering from cancer and other diseases .
Medical - marijuana supporters think the timing is right to try once more .
They believe they 've solved the past licensing issue with their latest initiative , which requires that patients obtain a physician 's " recommendation , " rather than a prescription , to obtain the drug .
Additionally , new U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder recently indicated that federal authorities will not pursue cases involving medical marijuana in states that allow the practice , a reversal of Bush administration policy .
Backers of the initiative need to gather at least 153,000 valid signatures to qualify for the 2010 ballot .
Myers is confident his group can do that and is girding for a multimillion - dollar campaign .
A degree of mercy
The issue of medical marijuana is personal for Ellen Terry Friedman .
In early 1988 , the Tempe woman 's father , Harold , was diagnosed with prostate cancer at the age of 70 .
The disease had spread to his bones .
His condition deteriorated over the next 18 months .
Toward the end , Harold was no longer undergoing chemotherapy or radiation .
He was under hospice care and on morphine .
But he still suffered .
So , in her father 's last month or so of life , Friedman said , the oncologist suggested the family obtain marijuana to dull Harold 's pain and help with his nausea .
She wo n't say how the family got the drug , but it did .
" It was a shocking position to be put in , let 's put it that way , " she said .
" Nobody should be put in that position . "
The marijuana seemed to help , Friedman said .
Her father regained a bit of appetite .
He found a degree of mercy .
" It was a horrible , painful death , but it was eased somewhat , " she said .
" We wanted him to die with the least pain , and the medical marijuana was an integral part of that . "
Conflict continues
Romley sympathizes with those who suffer .
But he worries that some patients or doctors would misuse the law , especially given a provision in the initiative that would allow patients to obtain the drug if they displayed symptoms such as severe pain or seizures .
What constitutes severe pain would be a matter for a doctor 's judgment .
State Sen. Jonathan Paton , R - Tucson , has similar concerns .
But he 's conflicted on the issue of medical marijuana .
Although he worries " this is just the gateway to legalizing marijuana , " Paton also has seen the drug used with medical benefits .
Before dying of cancer a couple of years ago , a friend of Paton 's used marijuana to ease the suffering .
" He smoked pot because he was too sick , " said Paton , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" He could n't keep the ( pain ) pills down . "
If marijuana is a legitimate medical treatment , Romley said , backers should seek its legalization through the health community and federal government , not at the ballot box .
" I just do n't believe we decide what 's good medicine at the ballot box , " he said .
" The vast bulk of the medical community has never pushed it to be a drug legalized for medicinal purposes . "
Myers countered that federal drug laws continue to make medical research involving marijuana difficult .
And while he conceded that the national Marijuana Policy Project has broader aims with regard to the drug 's legalization , he said the Arizona initiative is narrowly written with its intent solely on helping people fighting severe illness .
" There are 13 other states with medical - marijuana laws , " Myers said .
" None of those 13 has moved to total legalization . "
WASHINGTON , April 26 , 2009  --
The Obama administration was " all hands on deck " today in response to the quickly escalating swine flu outbreak , with the declaration of a public health emergency and the release of the national antiflu drug stockpile .
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano declared a national public health emergency , with swine flu now confirmed in at least 20 cases in five states .
However , she said , the outbreak has not yet threatened to reach the lethal level it has in Mexico .
That declaration gives the head of the Department of Health and Human Services authority to take rapid measures -- including authorizing contacts and mobilizing the national disaster system -- to respond to the disease , including allowing the use of unapproved drugs .
The agency currently is waiting for President Obama 's designee , Kathleen Sebelius , to be approved by the Senate .
" It 's all hands on deck and we 're doing fine , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said at a special briefing at the White House with the nation 's top health and homeland security officials .
" We 're hopeful that we 'll have a new secretary shortly . "
The Obama administration has released 12.5 million of the nation 's stockpile of 50 million courses of Tamiflu , a drug that has shown itself at least initially to be effective against the flu virus .
The Pentagon has readied 7 million courses for military personnel .
The president has also activated a group of administration officials from several agencies to monitor the outbreak and develop a response .
However , the State Department has not issued a travel advisory telling Americans not to travel to Mexico .
Centers for Disease Control acting director Dr. Richard Besser said the agency does not believe it can contain the outbreak beyond the five states it has reached so far .
There is still hope , however , that the spread of the swine flu , which has been shown to move from human - to - human contact , will be limited , particularly since the regular flu season is already winding down .
Nevertheless , he added , the strain appears to be the same one found in Mexico and more cases are expected .
To date only one of the 20 affected Americans has been hospitalized due to the virus , officials said .
" As we continue to look for cases , I expect that we 're going to find them , " Besser said , adding , " This is moving fast . "
He said U.S. health officials do n't view it as a sprint , " we view this as a marathon . "
Obama is " very concerned " about the outbreak and is " monitoring closely " any news through regular briefings , said John Brennan , assistant to the president for Homeland Security .
The president himself brought a White House entourage to Mexico City , the heart of the outbreak , nine days ago , but Gibbs said he does not believe Obama or anyone who traveled with him have been tested or shown any signs of illness .
The virus has an incubation period of only a couple days , he added .
Those most at risk are anyone who has traveled to the affected areas in Mexico .
Government officials advise regular hand - washing and urged Americans to stay at home if they have flulike symptoms , but Gibbs added that they should not overwhelm doctors ' offices with requests for treatment if they are not showing symptoms .
There is " no issue with the food supply , " Napolitano told reporters , " and you ca n't get it from eating pork . "
Asked if the outbreak in the United States could reach the deadly level now seen in Mexico , Besser said that was impossible to answer .
" Every outbreak is unique , " he said .
But there is no reason to suspect a bio - terror attack , Brennan told reporters .
The administration has found " nothing to suggest anything but a naturally occurring " event , he said .
We gots the goods .
And so do Clutch ; like a fine wine , these Marylanders just get better and better with age .
We ’ve got their brand new track “ 50,000 Unstoppable Watts ” — from their forthcoming new album Strange Cousins From the West ( out July 7th ) — streaming for free .
Produced by Clutch and the legendary J. Robbins , the effort is the first Clutch original to be released on the band ’s own Weathermaker Music .
Clutch , the road dogs that they are , already have a 7 month worldwide headlining tour planned , taking flight in the US on May 6th with support from Wino and Maylene & the Sons of Disaster , followed by a July US tour with the wicked , wicked Baroness as main support .
Full list of confirmed dates after the jump and the brand new track streaming below — enjoy !
– The MS Dudes
[ This promotion has ended .
- Ed . ]
CATCH CLUTCH LIVE ON THE ROAD THIS SUMMER
May 6 2009 Lost Horizon Syracuse , New York *
May 7 2009 The Cellar Struthers , Ohio *
May 8 2009 Headliner ’s Toledo , Ohio *
May 9 2009 Otto ’s Nightclub DeKalb , Illinois *
May 10 2009 Riverside Ballroom Green Bay , Wisconsin*
May 12 2009 Canaries Stadium KRRO Fest Sioux Falls , South Dakota *
May 13 2009 People ’s Court Des Moines , Iowa *
May 14 2009 The Cotillion Wichita , Kansas *
May 15 2009 The Blue Note Columbia , Missouri *
May 16 2009 Jake ’s Nightclub Bloomington , Indiana
May 17 2009 Columbus Crew Stadium “ Rock on the Range ” Festival Columbus , Ohio *
May 19 2009 The Music Farm Charleston , South Carolina *
May 20 2009 Cat ’s Cradle Carrboro , North Carolina *
May 21 2009 The Norva Norfolk , Virginia *
May 22 2009 The Note West Chester , Pennsylvania *
May 23 2009 The Bakerton Group @ 930 Club Washington , DC , Washington DC *
Jun 13 2009 Corporation Sheffield
Jun 14 2009 Download Festival Donington
Jun 15 2009 HMS Hammer Gig Boat to Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards London
Jun 16 2009 Wedgewood Rooms Portsmouth
Jun 17 2009 TJ ’s Newport
Jun 18 2009 Cockpit Leeds
Jun 19 2009 King Tut ’s Glasgow
Jun 21 2009 De Helling Utrecht
Jun 22 2009 Kulturfabrik Esch-sur - Alzette
Jun 23 2009 Underground Koln
Jun 24 2009 Molotow Hamburg
Jun 25 2009 Knaak Berlin
July 3 2009 House of Blues Atlantic City , NJ w/ Monster Magnet and Wino
*w/ Wino and Maylene and the Sons of Disaster
I and many of my Atheist cohorts have been accused over and over of being “ Angry at God ” .
Ray Comfort even recently used our supposed hatred as evidence that we each know that God exists intuitively …. seriously , read it here .
Since this is occurring with some frequency right now I feel the need to try to deal with the assertion as effectively as possible .
The initial reaction of most Atheists is that the assertion is silly , “ How can I be mad at a God that does not exist ” .
I , of course , agree entirely with this but the fact does remain that myself and many of my peers are mad at something …
It just is n’t quite what Ray Comfort and other Christians may think .
God the being does not exist , I think I have made that understanding abundantly clear here , however God does exist in another way .
God is an idea , a concept , and an institution – three intangible things in one , the true Holy Trinity .
These things make me angry , these are the things at which my aggression is truly directed .
I am mad at God because the idea of God makes me sick , the concept of his requirements for man are intolerable , and the institutions that represent him are dangerous .
To begin we must look at the idea of god , Christians often call this their personal saviour or a personal relationship with god …
The idea of god is the construct that one creates in ones mind regarding who god is , his nature and his actions .
This God is , in my view , nothing more than a figment of ones imagination that feels very real .
The God I once worshipped and felt and communicated with was simply an idea … .
the way that I constructed God from my understandings and experience , that is what made him my personal God .
The fault is not that a person creates this god , but that so much time can be spent pursuing that deity .
My own personal desire for my god prior to my denunciation of god all together drove me to insanity because that pursuit is endless and only ends in the painful realization that god is all in your head .
This is something I am angry at …myself for creating it and following it , and that if there were truly a god he would allow me to create and follow it .
The concept of God is what I would define as the claim that one can understand theology in such a way that something promised by god , lets just say salvation , is actually attainable and that one has the knowledge necessary to attain it .
Someone with the idea of god will often promote a concept of god to the outside world wherein the outside world will attain their own idea of god …. so on and so forth .
The concept of God is the assurance that YOUR god is the RIGHT god …and there is no way around that ultimate truth .
What angers me about that is that the individual pushing this belief , much like I once did , has absolutely no way of proving it .
No way of proving that the threat ( hell ) is even real or that there is even the slightest need for this salvation ( or whatever this god is promising ) .
The propensity for error here is gigantic , there are thousands of conceptualized gods , most of whom threaten hell ( or other punishments ) for the unbeliever — so you have a slim chance of choosing the right one anyway …. a less than 1 % chance that your god is the right god , yet there are people out there proselytizing in the name of that god , never realizing that they very well be putting your soul in jeopardy rather than saving it !
Lastly , there are the Institutions of God … . in ChristianSpeak this is the church .
Catholic , Baptist , Methodist , Pentecostal , etc. all claiming to be institutions set up by god so that man may worship him in the correct way , not to mention that most of them embed themselves in secular politics in order to shape the world in a way to fit with the desires of their institution and their concept of god .
These institutions wield power over people that had never been seen before their inception , slavery on a scale more vast than imaginable .
Money , power , and privilege are given to these institutions with no questions asked while they wage war on any idea that challenges their beliefs .
Nothing is more dangerous than a group of people that have a hidden power to save men from that which they fear most , or to provide that which men desire most .
The level of manipulation and corruption possible is massive yet these institutions are simply trusted to do that which is right .
Even after the Catholic church has been caught covering up scandals , molestation , rape , and lies they still have 50 billion dollars in their coffers and they are growing .
These institutions of God piss me off probably more than any of the other things ; they encourage bigotry , shape the ideas and concepts of god in ways that generate extremism , and practice condemnation without shame .
So , to close here , it is n’t any real god or gods that I am angry at ….it ’s the power that a belief in god can have over a person and the things that can accompany that .
Not every person that believes in a god is going to blow up buildings or shoot abortionists , not every religious institution is going to practice the arts of condemnation and manipulation–but for those that do , yea , I hate their God .
If you 've got a plan to transform America 's energy future , now 's the time to put it on paper .
Put it in writing Starting today , the Department of Energy is accepting proposals for energy R&D projects that " disrupt the status quo .
The Nation needs transformational energy - related technologies to overcome the threats posed by climate change and energy security , arising from its reliance on traditional uses of fossil fuels and the dominant use of oil in transportation . "
The ...
Promoting a Free Online Dating Site and Keeping Clean
It ’s overwhelming when you really start to think about just how much competition is out there to create websites that people actually use .
I ’ve been researching how I would promote a dating site since I started development oh so long ago .
My problem now is that of ethics and promotion tactics .
I started out with honesty on forums asking the community for feedback and I was banned for being a spammer !
Start a new community page on a social site talking about how the development went or asking for suggestions and removed for being a spammer !
Link exchanges for dating sites are just as nasty an area to get into .
You post a link on your site to theirs but never heard from them you feel cheated out of space and time .
Dating directories are n’t any better for asking for only PR4 reciprocal links or better .
How do you get PR4 anyway ?
I got a reply from someone with a PR5 page and they offer to put my link there .
I pulled up the site but it was empty , completely empty , how did that get PR5 ?!
What keywords could you search for to get that .
Ahh , I see , PR is n’t as important anymore , it has n’t been important for a while as it does n’t seem to affect your SERP .
Craigslist !
I heard this is where some of the giants got their start .
Tried an honesty posting … SPAMMER !
So I ’ve used some of my own profiles to post there and link back to the website .
Works fairly well and my members get more attention , win win !
However in doing this I ’ve realized that I am light years behind the spammers .
For every post I make that is W4 M it gets flagged very quickly and I check the section and see nothing but spam in the section .
Each spam post is a combination of height , breast size , activity list , giggle rinse and repeat .
For each post that does stay up I get dozens of emails that sound exactly the same “ gee i hope your not a bot but come check out my profile ” and I wonder if I should turn to the dark side .
Twitter , ahh the spam site I did n’t see coming .
It ’s simple , setup a twitter account , put a link back to your shady dating or sex site on your profile and then start following people !
Follow them all it does n’t matter who because when you cap out at 1000 you just create a new user and start again !
Do n’t believe me , tweet something with the words “ online dating ” and you should get a follower shortly .
Or take a look at Scoopler http://www.scoopler.com/search/#free+online+dating and you can see just how many dating spam tweets there are .
If you load up that Scoopler link just take a look at that unholy mess of spam on the right side too .
It is n’t just the tweets .
Wait , there is nothing at all positive in this post !
I have n’t figured out a sure fire way to promote my new free online dating site but I ’ve uncovered many ways I do n’t want to become a success .
BLANDING , Utah 
For 30 years Dr. James Redd was always on call to care for the Mormon and American Indian families who share the remote canyon lands here in southeastern Utah .
Upon his death on June 11 , people found themselves mourning a man who provided not just medicine but a measure of common ground .
“ I ’ve been in his office when it was clear full of Native Americans , ” Robert Carroll , who is 77 and a member of the Mormon Church , said after attending an emotional funeral service for Dr. Redd at a Mormon center here last week .
“ He took everybody . ”
Yet even as residents of Blanding have joined in grief , the circumstances of Dr. Redd ’s death have shocked this tidy little town and threatened the delicate cross-cultural balance here that he helped preserve .
Dr. Redd , 60 , was found dead of a suicide a day after federal prosecutors charged him , his wife and 22 others with stealing , selling and trading Indian artifacts from the ancestral lands that stretch out from here in every direction .
On Friday , a second defendant , Steven L. Shrader of Santa Fe , N.M. , was found dead of two self - inflicted gunshot wounds behind an elementary school in DeKalb County , Ill. , according to the authorities there .
Mr. Shrader , 56 , had turned himself in to law enforcement officials in Albuquerque after being served a warrant in the case .
Margaret , this old gal has clearly lived too long .
Never in my life did I think I would see a bunch of old , white men claiming they are being discriminated against .
I am sure the Hispanic women who cleaned their houses today are having a good laugh … or a good cry .
Honestly , the absurdity of it all is more than I can take .
Stick me in a hole and throw some dirt on top of me .
I ’m done .
If you are born a white , male Christian in today ’s world and life did n’t turn out the way you wanted , you probably have only yourself and the Rush Limbaugh Show to blame .
Some exceptions probably do exist , but if you ’re a commentator on a cable news channel you ’re probably the rule and not the exception .
Pat Buchanan is an idiot .
I mean it .
Really .
Helen , dear , I sent an email to that talented Susan Boyle telling her that I thought she had the voice of an angel and that I wanted her to sing at my funeral .
Her response said she was free next Thursday .
In this popular African - American sitcom , Will Smith ( played by Will Smith in his first acting gig ) is a street - smart teenager from West Philadelphia , who is sent to live with his wealthy relatives at their Bel - Air mansion in Los Angeles , California by his mother after getting into a fight with some thugs whilst playing basketball .
His relatives include Philip Banks ( played by James Avery ) , Will 's strict and gruff uncle , who is a successful lawyer ( later Judge ) and Vivian Banks ( played by Janet Hubert and later by Daphne Reid ) , Will 's no-nonsense , forthright , and career - minded aunt who is a University Professor .
Other members of the Banks family include Carlton Banks ( played by Alfonso Ribeiro ) , Will 's preppy and arrogant cousin , Hilary Banks ( played by Karyn Parsons ) , Will 's attractive but dull - witted , eldest cousin , Ashley Banks ( played by Tatyana Ali ) , Will 's youngest cousin who often looks u to Will , and Geoffrey , the family 's cynical Butler .
Will 's working class background ends up .
.. Written by Steve Richer < sricher@sympatico.ca >
Bosses at South Tyneside District Hospital have apologised
Paula Dadswell took six - month - old James to South Tyneside District Hospital with suspected gastroenteritis and saw the medic pedalling around a ward .
The same doctor later examined the child , but his mother confronted him about his actions .
Bosses at the South Shields hospital apologised , but stressed the child 's treatment had never been compromised .
Post Office worker Ms Dadswell , 33 , from Jarrow , said the doctor then went " bright red " when she challenged him about the cycling .
' Friendly atmosphere '
She received a letter from hospital officials , saying they apologised for any upset caused by the incident , which happened in August .
A spokeswoman for South Tyneside NHS Foundation Trust said : " The child in question was not neglected and his care was not compromised in any way .
" We regularly provide diversions that are not directly related to medical care .
" We have involved musicians , artists and others in trying to create a friendly and warm atmosphere and on a day - to - day basis the staff of our children 's unit make every effort themselves to provide a welcoming and happy environment . "
Ms Dadswell told the Shields Gazette newspaper : " We had been asking for someone to see James for two hours and we had even told the doctor that he probably should n't be cycling around in case he hurt someone . "
As my wife and I sat on the couch one night this past winter , reading and half - watching the inevitable HGTV , I started sweating hard and my face got so fevered and flushed that I felt as if I were peering into an oven .
I turned to Deb and said , “ Man , I ’m having a wicked hot flash . ”
And she said , “ Me , too . ”
Then we laughed .
You laugh a lot — unless your hormones are making you cry — when you ’re having menopause with your wife .
I was in the middle of treatment for an aggressive case of prostate cancer last winter , and it included a six - month course of hormone therapy .
My Lupron shots suppressed testosterone , which is the fuel for prostate cancer .
When your testosterone is being throttled , there are bound to be side effects .
So , with the help of Lupron , I spent a few months aboard the Good Ship Menopause with all the physical baggage that entails .
It ’s a trip that most men do n’t expect to take .
The side effect that surprised me most were the hot flashes — not that I got them , I was expecting that , but by how intense they were .
They often woke me in the middle of the night and made me sweat so much that I drenched the sheets .
In midwinter I ’d walk our miniature poodle , Bijou , wearing shorts and a T - shirt .
I sometimes felt as if Deb could fry eggs on my chest .
( It ’s also a bit disconcerting when your hot flashes are fiercer than your wife ’s . )
When it comes to hot flashes , ladies , I salute you .
After my brief dalliance with that hormonal phenomenon , it seems to me it ’s an under - reported condition .
And it ’s certainly under - represented in the arts .
Where are the great hot flash novels or movies ?
How come there ’s not a Web site or magazine called “ Hot Flash Monthly ” ?
Hand in hand with the hot flashes came the food cravings .
I lusted after Cheetos and Peanut Butter M&M ’s , maple - walnut milkshakes , and spaghetti and meatballs buried in a blizzard of Parmesan .
Is n’t it funny how cravings very rarely involve tofu , bean curd or omega - 3 oils ?
Then there was the weight issue .
During the six months I was on Lupron I gained about 25 pounds .
That was partly a byproduct of the cravings , but it also stemmed from the hormonal changes triggered in my body .
And I hated it , hated it , hated it .
I had never had to worry about my weight , and I began to understand why media aimed at women and girls obsess over weight so much .
It was strange and unsettling not to be able to tell my body , “ No , ” when it wanted to wolf down a fistful of Doritos slathered with scallion cream cheese .
When I was n’t devouring a king - size Italian sub or smoldering from a hot flash , it seemed that I was crying .
The tears would usually pour down when I got ambushed by some old tune : “ Sweet Baby James ” and “ Fire and Rain ” by James Taylor , “ That ’s the Way I ’ve Always Heard It Should Be ” by Carly Simon and , yes , “ It ’s My Party ” by Lesley Gore .
Not only was I temporarily menopausal , but it appeared that I was also turning into a teenage girl from the early 1970s .
There were other side effects , too , like headaches and fatigue .
But when I started drinking Diet Coke for the first time in my life , my son Owen could n’t take it anymore .
He said , “ Dad , are you turning into a chick ? ”
So , what else did I learn during my six months of hormone therapy ?
Even though I only got to spend a brief time on the outer precincts of menopause , it did confirm my lifelong sense that the world of women is hormonal and mysterious , and that we men do n’t have the semblance of a clue .
And , guys , when your significant female other bursts into tears at the drop of a dinner plate or turns on you like a rabid pit bull — whether she ’s pregnant , having her period or in the throes of menopause — believe her when she blames it on the hormones .
One more thing .
I do n’t really know whether menopause likes company — you ’d have to ask my wife that — but I do know that it really , really likes HGTV and Peanut Butter M&M’s .
The programmes are built around 6 progressive modules ( 12 half levels ) in accord with the common framework for language teaching established by the Council of Europe .
They run all year round with many groups and levels in parallel .
Choose your course here .
This means you have a quality guarantee for your Private Lessons and Small Group Courses .
Amira 's pedagogical philosophy emphasises caring , friendly and creative oral communication .
In your first years in Brussels you will enjoy that the school becomes a part of your life – somewhere both to find friends and to learn the language .
In Amira 's French group courses , you will find the skills to :- enjoy life and culture with French - speaking friends and family ;- find a new job where you speak French - develop better relationships with your French - speaking colleagues - be at ease with work and study in Brussels ;
In particular , Amira has its own Step by Step ® method which allows you to start the lessons at any moment in the year at the exact appropriate level and make consistent progress with students of a similar level in a motivated group .
Naturally as you go on and you deepen your contact with the language , you will find a correspondingly deep sense of shared and personal satisfaction .
We encourage you to visit the site for an overview of Amira 's courses , and to contact us for Free evaluation tests of your personal level .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert peers over the cubicle wall and says , " Wally , you just sent me the same e-mail you sent last week . "
Wally says , " I 'm rerunning the ' Best of Wally ' while I 'm on in - cube sabbatical . "
Dilbert asks , " How long is your sabbatical ? "
Wally replies , " Six months so far , and you 're the first to notice . "
Former Bond star Pierce Brosnan became a life - saver when he rescued co-star Uma Thurman from a speeding mini van during the shooting of their upcoming flick Percy Jackson .
The Irish actor , who was on location for the film , spotted the out - of - control vehicle racing down a hill straight towards Thurman , Female First reported .
" No one was aboard the runaway as the van barrelled towards a grassy area where Uma was relaxing with cast and crew .
Pierce yelled , ' Get out of the way ! ' , " a source said .
" He raced after the van , wrenched open the driver 's side door , jumped in and slammed on the brakes , " a source said .
The van hit the pavement and crashed into rubbishbins , sending cast and crew running in all directions to avoid the collision .
" Everyone scattered out of harm 's way .
Pierce got kudos and hero 007 jokes from Uma .
The transportation crew were in trouble for not setting the van 's emergency brake , " the source added .
Amazon.com has just issued a price cut on the 80GB and 160 GB PS3 models .
The 80GB PS3 is now available for $ 389 , and the 160 GB PS3 Bundle is available for $ 479 .
It ’s a small cut , but should help if you ’re still aching to buy one .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Scientists in Germany have published details of flutes dating back to the time that modern humans began colonising Europe , 35,000 years ago .
The flutes are the oldest musical instruments found to date .
The researchers say in the Journal Nature that music was widespread in pre-historic times .
Music , they suggest , may have been one of a suite of behaviours displayed by our own species which helped give them an edge over the Neanderthals .
The team from Tubingen University have published details of three flutes found in the Hohle Fels cavern in southwest Germany .
The cavern is already well known as a site for signs of early human efforts ; in May , members of the same team unveiled a Hohle Fels find that could be the world 's oldest Venus figure .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The most well - preserved of the flutes is made from a vulture 's wing bone , measuring 20 cm long with five finger holes and two " V " - shaped notches on one end of the instrument into which the researchers assume the player blew .
The archaeologists also found fragments of two other flutes carved from ivory that they believe was taken from the tusks of mammoths .
Creative origins
The find brings the total number of flutes discovered from this era to eight , four made from mammoth ivory and four made from bird bones .
According to Professor Nicholas Conard of Tubingen University , this suggests that the playing of music was common as far back as 40,000 years ago when modern humans spread across Europe .
" It 's becoming increasingly clear that music was part of day - to - day life , " he said .
" Music was used in many kinds of social contexts : possibly religious , possibly recreational - much like we use music today in many kinds of settings . "
These flutes provide yet more evidence of the sophistication of the people that lived at that time
Professor Chris Stringer
Natural History Museum
The researchers also suggest that not only was music widespread much earlier than previously thought , but so was humanity 's creative spirit .
" The modern humans that came into our area already had a whole range of symbolic artifacts , figurative art , depictions of mythological creatures , many kinds of personal ornaments and also a well - developed musical tradition , " Professor Conard explained .
The team argues that the emergence of art and culture so early might explain why early modern humans survived and Neanderthals , with whom they co-existed at the time , became extinct .
" Music could have contributed to the maintenance of larger social networks , and thereby perhaps have helped facilitate the demographic and territorial expansion of modern humans relative to a culturally more conservative and demographically more isolated Neanderthal populations , " they wrote .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
That is a view supported by Professor Chris Stringer , a human origins researcher at the Natural History Museum in London .
" These flutes provide yet more evidence of the sophistication of the people that lived at that time and the probable behavioural and cognitive gulf between them and Neanderthals , " he said .
" I think the occurrence of these flutes and animal and human figurines about 40,000 years ago implies that the traditions that produced them must go back even further in the evolutionary history of modern humans - perhaps even into Africa more than 50,000 years ago .
" But that evidence has still to be discovered . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a number of readers have pointed out , Shawn Rocco is not the only serious photographer who has explored the use of a mobile phone .
We invite you to share cellphone photos you ’ve taken that you would rank among your best and most interesting work .
Visit submit.nytimes.com / cameraphone to upload your photos .
Shawn Rocco , 37 , is a professional photographer .
He shoots a Motorola E815 .
Yes , that ’s a cellphone .
Not when he ’s actually on assignment for The News & Observer in Raleigh , N.C. , where he has worked full time since 2002 , but in those situations when he does n’t mind ceding some control to a medium that is idiosyncratic — to say the least — in exchange for the happy prize of serendipity ; the image that does n’t quite emerge as he planned and is therefore all that more meaningful .
“ Serendipity is a very powerful thing , ” Mr. Rocco said in a telephone interview this week .
“ I ’m not a voyeur , but I like catching people in their own little world , without interrupting them . ”
Having tentatively started taking cellphone photos two years ago , Mr. Rocco now finds himself celebrated as the “ cellphone guy , ” a distinction he eagerly nurses through his Cellular Obscura blog .
Photo District News profiled him in January .
And his work was highlighted at the recent Look3 Festival of the Photograph in Charlottesville , Va .
None of his cellphone pictures have been published in the newspaper .
His aim is not to win Canon - carrying professionals over to the Motorola E815 , already an ancient relic in the constantly churning mobile landscape .
Rather , it is to escape — however briefly — what he calls the “ megapixelmania ” of contemporary photography , in which every aspect can be rigorously and technically controlled .
“ It ’s a way of preserving my artistic sanity , ” Mr. Rocco said .
“ I do n’t know that I like having too many choices , ” he said .
“ It brings me back to when I first started working in black and white .
I still get chills thinking of the paper coming up in the developer . ”
Mr. Rocco , a Bronx native who grew up in Yonkers and in Orange County , minored in photography at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh .
He began freelancing for The News & Observer in 1996 .
He discerns parallels between cellphone and Polaroid photography .
“ With Polaroid , it was n’t a crapshoot , ” Mr. Rocco said , “ but you left a lot of things in the hands of the chemistry . ”
Among other things , he discovered , the Motorola E815 can produce almost velourlike blacks .
And he ’s also found that the slight delay in the shutter release can further the goal of serendipity by capturing an instant slightly after the one he was going for , like the woman looking down into her shopping bags ( Slide 10 ) .
“ It ’s almost more real , ” he said .
Mr. Rocco said he owns a number of the Motorola units , which were issued several years ago to the staff at the newspaper .
Each has its own quirks .
“ In one , ” he said , “ the whole left side is out of focus , which could be cool — but I have n’t found the right subject for that yet . ”
I could n’t resist asking : does he ever use any of them to make a phone call ?
“ Not any more , ” he answered .
Merrill Lynch was bought by Bank of America at the start of the year
Investment bank Merrill Lynch has confirmed that it has discovered an " irregularity " in the trading deals of a London - based employee .
The worker in question is believed to be foreign exchange trader Alexis Stenfors , who has been suspended .
The US company said it immediately contacted the UK markets watchdog , the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , which was now investigating the matter .
It added that " risk[s ] surrounding possible losses are under control " .
Merrill said it discovered the irregularities following a regular review .
The company has been a part of Bank of America since January after it was bought in a $ 50 bn ( £ 35 bn ) rescue deal .
Bad debts
The FSA told the BBC it could not comment on the matter .
Merrill had to be rescued by Bank of America after it built up multi-billion - dollar bad debts linked to the sharp downturn in the US housing market that was at the centre of the continuing credit crunch .
The takeover deal was first announced last September .
Analysts said at the time that despite Merrill 's high profile woes , the deal was a good fit for Bank of America , as it added Merrill 's investment banking operations to its own predominantly retail bank business .
However , Bank of America 's shares have lost 75 % of their value since the start of the year .
Former Merrill chief executive John
Thain resigned at the end of January .
Merrill made a loss of $ 15.31bn in the last three months of 2008 .
I recently had to write a script that takes a link to an article and returns a title and brief excerpt or description of that article .
Ideally , the excerpt should be the first few sentences from the body of the article .
The first thing I struggled with was something I thought would be trivial : fetching the contents of the webpage .
>>> import httplib2 >>> http=httplib2.Http( ) >>> status, response=http.request ( " http://www.mercurynews.com/karendsouza/ci_12510394 " ) >>> print response '' >>> print status [ ' status ' ] ' 200 '
Ugh .
Why is the response empty but the status code is 200 ?
Well , for some reason even though we ’re not logging in , this page requires that you accept a cookie and then redirects you , but does n’t provide a 304 request so httplib2 knows to follow .
So , the simplest solution was to ditch httplib2 and use urllib2 and cookielib ( by the way , what ’s with having urllib , urllib2 , httplib , and httplib2 ? )
import urllib2 import cookielib >>> cj = cookielib.CookieJar( ) >>> opener = urllib2.build_opener(urllib2.HTTPCookieProcessor( cj ) ) >>> doc = opener.open( url ) .read ( )
Once we have the contents of the page , we load everything into BeautifulSoup and make sure that we have some valid HTML .
cleanSoup is just a helper function to filter out HTML that I ’m not interested in or could munge up my results .
from BeautifulSoup import * import re def cleanSoup ( soup ) : # get rid of javascript , noscript and css [ [ tree.extract ( ) for tree in soup ( elem ) ] for elem in ( ' script ' , ' noscript ' , ' style ' ) ] # get rid of doctype subtree = soup.findAll(text=re.compile ( " DOCTYPE " ) ) [ tree.extract ( ) for tree in subtree ] # get rid of comments comments = soup.findAll(text=lambda text:isinstance ( text , Comment ) ) [ comment.extract ( ) for comment in comments ] return soup
soup = cleanSoup ( BeautifulSoup( doc , parseOnlyThese=SoupStrainer(' head ' ) ) ) if not soup.get_starttag_text ( ) : print " Invalid input " return None try : title = soup.head.title.string except : title = None description = '' for meta in soup. findAll ( ' meta ' ) : if ' description ' == meta.get ( ' name ' , '' ) .lower ( ) : description = meta [ ' content ' ] break
Getting the title is easy , and it seems to be a pretty safe assumption that every page has a title defined in head .
Sometimes you ’ll get lucky and a description will exist in the meta tag , and bam , you ’re done .
More often than not though , you ’ll have to come up with a method to parse the HTML and figure out which part of that is the article you ’re interested in .
I tried a couple of different approaches and this one seemed to produce the best results for its relative simplicity .
I considered some natural language parsing and machine learning methods , but I really do n’t have time to build something that complicated for this project .
def removeHeaders ( soup ) : [ [ tree.extract ( ) for tree in soup ( elem ) ] for elem in ( ' h1 ' , ' h2 ' , ' h3 ' , ' h4 ' , ' h5 ' , 'h6 ' ) ] return soup
if not description : soup = removeHeaders( cleanSoup ( BeautifulSoup( doc , parseOnlyThese=SoupStrainer(' body ' ) ) ) ) text = ''.join(soup.findAll(text=True ) ) .split ( '
') description = max ( ( len ( i.strip ( ) ) , i ) for i in text ) [ 1] . strip ( ) [ 0:255 ] return ( title , description )
First I parse out all the text from < body > and remove h1 , h2 , etc headers because they ’re likely to contain information like the title , author , date , etc that are not part of the body of the article .
Thankfully , BeautifulSoup does most of the heavy lifting here .
I then try to merge adjacent paragraphs into one long string of text .
You have to be careful when joining bodies of text together , because if you branch too far out , you end up merging in junk text .
Then the first 255 characters of the longest resulting string of text are returned as the article excerpt .
In most cases I found that this does a pretty good job of finding the first couple sentences from the article , or at least a reasonable excerpt .
Some examples are shown below .
Facebook has a widget that does this too , so I included the output of Facebook ’s widget as a comparison .
If you have any ideas on how to improve this , I ’d love to hear them .
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2009/06/04/DD7V1806SV.DTL&type=performance
Me : The blood - and - thunder tale of two idealistic but naive artists caught up in the repressive political machinery of Rome during the Napoleonic wars , “ Tosca ” comes around like clockwork in San Francisco ( as it does to most opera companies ) .
It always thrills Facebook : Puccini ’s “ Tosca ” includes a number of surefire arias , and you can hear them sung vividly and well in the San Francisco Opera ’s revival , which opened the company ’s summer season at the War Memorial Opera House on Tuesday night .
http://www.chloeveltman.com/blog/2009/05/two-very-different-symphonies.html
Me :
The diversity of the Bay Area can be witnessed in many different ways , from the variety of the cuisine offered in its restaurants to the multitudinous kinds of topography .
One less obvious way to explore the radical differences that coexist in this part o Facebook : Facebook actually does n’t return a description for this page .
http://blogs.mercurynews.com/aei/2009/06/04/ramya-auroprem-joins-cast-of-spelling-bee/
Me :
How do you spell L - O - C - A - L P - R - I - D - E ? Ramya Auroprem , of 2009 Scripps Spelling
Bee fame , will get another shot in the spotlight on June 6 .
The San Jose schoolgirl will join the cast of San Jose Repertory Theatre ’s “ The 25th Annual Spelling Bee ” Facebook :
How do you spell L - O - C - A - L P - R - I - D - E ? Ramya Auroprem , of 2009 Scripps Spelling Bee fame , will get another shot in the spotlight on June 6 .
The San Jose schoolgirl will join the cast of San Jose Repertory Theatre ’s “ The 25th Annual Spelling Bee ” for the 3 p.m. performance .
You go girl !
http://www.reason.com/news/show/134059.html
Me : President Obama and his critics have a major disagreement .
He says his accelerated economic stimulus efforts will create 600,000 jobs by the end of the summer .
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , however , doubts “ the spending binge Facebook : President Obama and his critics have a major disagreement .
He says his accelerated economic stimulus efforts will create 600,000 jobs by the end of the summer .
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell
Update : Now on github
http://github.com/dziegler/excerpt_extractor/tree/master
Thanks for the DRY suggestions to make the code prettier .
I usually enjoy 60 Minutes and expect some decently produced segments .
Who does n’t love Andy Rooney ?
“ America ’s New Air Force ” is the worst story by 60 Minutes that I have every seen .
It ’s more military propaganda and a commercial for the contractors of the Predator drone , than investigative journalism .
How did 60 Minutes get so hoodwinked ?
How do you do 13 - minute story interviewing the Pentagon , without interviewing one critic ?
What about talking with NGOs on the ground in Afghanistan that can talk about the effects of civilian casualties caused by drone strikes ?
Instead , there is zero facts on civilian deaths and suffering .
There are dozens of facts , and figures about the technical and cost specifications , but not one figure about how many lives cost or saved from these missions .
Lara Logan does n’t seem to realize that she is no longer an “ embedded journalist . ”
While I ’m sure it is exciting to get special access to secret technology , that does not make an investigative journalist .
Anyone can report statistics fed to him or her by the military or military contractors .
Is n’t it the job of 60 Minutes to rise above and think about the larger meta issues ?
The military uses the secrecy frame to entice reporters to get the inside scoop .
Real reporting is questioning why are air strikes and Predator strikes classified in the first place .
Why do only a limited handful of members of congress and staff get briefed ?
Where are the non-classified reports on the efficacy of air and drone strikes ?
Why has n’t the Government Accountability Office looked into these missions ?
A counterinsurgency expert and former advisor to Gen. David Petraeus , Dr. David Kilcullen , claimed
If we want to strengthen our friends and weaken our enemies in Pakistan , bombing Pakistani villages with unmanned drones is totally counterproductive .
Colonel Lawrence B. Wilkerson , a retired United States Army Colonel and former chief of staff to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell went further by saying the U.S. should halt all Air and Predator drone strikes .
Of course , Afghanistan President Karzai , aid organizations and other military strategists have said this , but 60 Minutes is n’t doing the reporting .
I ’m no journalist , but I can think of some interesting and important questions :
Why do you believe these tactics are worth the civilian deaths , trauma and loss of the hearts and minds of Afghans ?
Are we really getting rid of more terrorists than we are creating ?
What are the metrics that show the success of these missions and that they are making Americans safer ?
What are the precautions the U.S. is taking to preserve innocent life as required by international law ?
What about the rule of law and arresting and taking suspected terrorists to trial ?
60 Minutes needs to provide balance with another 13 - minute story partly ‘ embedded ’ with NGOs on the ground in Afghanistan , partly talking to some critical experts and partly finding out why congress is not playing it ’s role of a check and balance to the Pentagon .
Please take a moment to call , write and post a comment to 60 Minutes and ask for better journalism .
Jeff Fager
Executive Producer
60 Minutes – CBS News Network
( 212 ) 975-2006
60 M@cbsnews.com
Lara Logan
Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent for the Washington D.C. bureau on the CBS News Network
( 202 ) 457-4321
chelll@cbsnews.com
You can watch and comment about the 60 Minutes segment here :
http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=5004882n
You can sign a petition for better Afghanistan policy here .
TEHRAN 
It was hot in the car , so the young woman and her singing instructor got out for a breath of fresh air on a quiet side street not far from the antigovernment protests they had ventured out to attend .
A gunshot rang out , and the woman , Neda Agha - Soltan , fell to the ground .
“ It burned me , ” she said before she died .
The bloody video of her death on Saturday , circulated in Iran and around the world , has made Ms. Agha - Soltan , a 26 - year - old who relatives said was not political , an instant symbol of the antigovernment movement .
Her death is stirring wide outrage in a society that is infused with the culture of martyrdom  although the word itself has become discredited because the government has pointed to the martyrs ’ deaths of Iranian soldiers in the Iran - Iraq war to justify repressive measures .
Ms. Agha -Soltan ’s fate resonates particularly with women , who have been at the vanguard of many of the protests throughout Iran .
Results of hand - count examination of paper ballots from allegedly ' fixed ' special election , announced this afternoon ...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/21/2009 , 5:48 pm PT
[ Updated at end of article with video of Goddard 's Tuesday press conference , and a radio appearance shortly thereafter . ]
No evidence of manipulation was found in the results of a 2006 special election in Pima County , AZ , according to the state Attorney General 's announcement given at a press conference this afternoon in Tucson .
Today , AG Terry Goddard announced the results of his findings from a paper - ballot hand count , held earlier this month in Phoenix as part of a criminal investigation into whether the results of the '06 election were manipulated by election officials .
A multi-partisan coalition of election integrity advocates have long charged that the results of the 2006 Regional Transportation Authority ( RTA ) election may have been electronically tampered with via the county 's Diebold optical - scan central tabulator system .
The criminal investigation was re-opened in July of 2008 , following the filing of a sworn affidavit from a former county employee who claimed he was told by a Pima County Election Division computer operator that the election was " ' fixed ' ... on the instructions of his bosses . "
The BRAD BLOG was listening in on the press conference , via a weak cell phone connection , so it was difficult to get direct quotes from Goddard , but we did speak to a number of people who attended the presser to get details from them , and were able to listen to Goddard 's appearance on local radio shortly afterwords ...
AG : Original Results ' Affirmed '
" The upshot is that the AG says the official numbers recorded on Election Day 2006 have been validated , " Jim March , a local Libertarian Party election integrity advocate who was present at the presser , told us .
He says that Goddard noted " discrepenacies in the count of about 300 to 500 ballots , which is .01 % . "
March added : " That 's typical of when you go back to hand count votes that were originally machine counted . "
( See the AG 's specifically reported numbers later in this report . )
As we noted in recent coverage here , the attorney for the Democratic Party , Bill Risner , had been in the process of receiving access to the poll tapes --- paper receipts printed out at the precinct before and after polls closed , presumably showing zero votes at the beginning of the day , and scanned results of totals at the end of the day --- when Goddard seized the ballots from the storage facility in Tucson to take them up to Phoenix for the hand count examination in late February .
Those sealed boxes of ballots contained the poll tapes Risner had been seeking .
Risner and the Democratic Party , who had long been challenging the results of the election --- even though their party had originally endorsed the ballot measures that created the RTA and funded it with a half - cent tax increase --- believed the poll tapes might help to explain discrepancies they 'd discovered in the Diebold tabulator databases which were released only after a long court battle brought by the party .
The AG's Press Secretary , Anne Titus Hilby , had told The BRAD BLOG last week that the poll tapes would be examined as part of the investigation .
" Do we plan to examine those ? "
Hilby responded directly , " Yes , we 're examining all of the evidence seized , including the poll tapes . "
However , when a reporter asked about that quote from our report last week , during today 's press conference , Goddard admitted they did not examine the tapes .
" The two things we wanted to hear , we did n't , " J.T. Waldron , a documentary filmmaker who has been covering the years - long struggle for transparency in the RTA election , told us after the conference .
" First , they admit they did n't look at the poll tapes .
Second , they admit that they did n't do any forensic examination of the ballots " to see if they were legitimate .
Critics have pointed out that Pima County has , since the 2006 election , purchased a ballot - on - demand printer and could have printed out ballots to match any ' fixed ' ' 06 ballot counts .
The originals were printed by an offset printer , rather than ink - jet , as used in the ballot - on - demand system , and a forensic examination of a sample of ballots , with a microscope , might have revealed any such tampering .
" He said he did n't have enough evidence to justify a forensic examination of the ballots , " Waldron noted .
Appearing on local radio station KJLL 1330 am however , following the press conference , Goddard once again confirmed his confidence in the original results and the findings of his investigation .
" We have the results of the hand recount .
They are slightly different [ from the original count ] because you do n't ever get the same results as you do when you count with a machine .
But they are just a fraction off . " he told KJLL's John C. Scott .
" I feel very very confidence that this hand recount has affirmed the original results of the Pima County Elections office . "
[ Update : Complete audio from Goddard 's appearance on KJLL now posted at the bottom of this article . ]
AG : ' Important Lessons ' Learned
Goddard noted that he undertook the examination because " there were suspicions that went in all one direction that could not be explained . "
He added that he did n't regret doing the hand count .
" So there was a lot of smoke here , but no fire ? " Scott asked Goddard on air .
" You know what ?
Until you check , you do n't know , " the AG answered .
" I do n't regret doing it for a minute .
Many people will say this is a non-story because it had the same result .
Well , that 's not the case .
The reason we took this step was because some of the suspicions that have been raised , I could not answer from the evidence that I had in front of me , " he said .
" There was n't a credible explanation for all of the different coincidences that seemed to have happened on this particular election . "
Goddard , who , following a previous investigation of the same election , concluded that the Diebold systems used in Pima County are " very , very bad , " says a number of " important lessons " were learned in the process .
" We 've learned a number of things .
Important lessons .
Frankly , some of them I could have done without , " he added with a laugh .
An earlier investigation , by a third - party computer security firm " concluded ... that the Diebold system used by Pima County had a number of security vulnerabilities , " he explained .
Following those findings , two years ago , Goddard said , " Pima County took constructive action and amended their security procedures to make up for the fact that the internal securities in the software were n't that good ... The physical security was dramatically increased . "
He said the tabulation machines now " have to be in , essentially , in a cage , which is video - monitored 24 hours a day , and is only accessible by two people together ... Before that was n't the case .... You could have taken a thumb - drive , which you could hide in your hand , and download election data without being observed .
That was one of the vulnerabilities before , it 's been eliminated , and you can't do that today ... they have a way of sealing off all of those possible portals , " he explained .
He also lauded the election advocates in Tucson .
" Because of Pima County 's leadership , the Secretary of State amended the state election security manual to incorporate these changes in procedure . "
He notes that Pima County went even further by banning the use of the Internet to transmit results , a procedure which is still used , however , in Maricopa County , the state 's largest , which includes Phoenix .
" Your elections are tabulated much slower than other parts of the state , " Goddard told Scott , " But I think that 's a badge of honor .
That simply eliminates one more possibility of interference .
I 'd rather see that in the rest of the state than have them change Pima County 's way of doing the tabulation . "
The Mystery of the ' Missing ' Ballots : Solved ?
Though Goddard did n't speak to the matter in his presser , or on the radio afterwords , the mystery of what was believed by observers of the hand - count , from several different parties , to possibly be " thousands " of missing ballots , is currently being attributed to the difference in paper weight between the absentee and polling - place ballots .
The original estimate , from those who were concerned that ballots might be missing , was based on an average applied across all ballots , after observers counted the maximum number of ballots in a single box of vote - by - mail , " early " ballots .
Though there was no precinct - by - precinct numbers tracked , the AG says they counted a total of 120,888 ballots , which was actually 67 more ballots than originally reported by the Pima County Elections Department , which reported that 120,821 ballots had been cast originally .
A check of the difference in paper weight between the two types of ballots , one of the election observers told us this afternoon , confirms that the precinct ballots are , indeed , of lighter weight than the absentee - ballots used for their original measuring stick .
Overall , the results reported from the AG 's examination included just over a thousand ballots that were apparently miscounted by the Diebold optical - scan system used to report the original results in 2006 .
There were two questions concerning the RTA on the special election ballot .
Question 1 asked for approval to create the RTA , and Question 2 asked about a tax - increase to fund it .
Here are the results , as reported this afternoon , by the AG 's office :
Question 1 :
YES : 71,948 ( Original ) | 71,626 ( AG ) | Diff : 322
NO : 47,870 ( Original ) | 47,636 ( AG ) | Diff : 234
Total Difference : 556 Question 2 :
YES : 68,773 ( Original ) | 68,420 ( AG ) | Diff 353
NO : 50,551 ( Original ) | 50,306 ( AG ) | Diff 245
Total difference : 598
Why Not Get it Right on Election Night ?
" It 's still possible that there 's a problem , but I do n't know if we 'll ever know for sure , " Jim March told us by phone , following Goddard 's press conference today , referring to the severe restrictions placed on observers during the AG 's criminal investigation hand count .
" The level of observation was extremely low .
Observers were barred .
If the AG wanted to toss out false numbers here --- and I 'm not saying they did --- they could have done so due to the limits they placed on observers . "
But , he conceded , it 's possible the Pima County Election Director , Brad Nelson , " ran such a sloppy shop , it just looked like the results were tampered with . "
" Will we ever know for certain ?
No , " he told us .
Pima 's Democratic election integrity advocate John Brakey , who had voted for the RTA measures originally , but led the fight to determine whether they were properly counted , shared Goddard 's outlook , seeing a brighter side of the picture .
" I 'm glad to see the RTA looks like it passed , but we still have anomalies we needed answered , " Brakey told us , referring to nearly 93 memory cards which were mysteriously reloaded into the central tabulators after observers left on Election Night.= in 2006 .
He described the practice as " highly unusual " , noting that only 3 cards were reloaded during the much larger November , 2004 general election .
" I was grateful that Goddard did the recount , but the devil is in the details .
But I feel better about it passing , " he said .
" I want to finish up our investigation and say ' Yeah , we got problems and yeah , we can fix them and everyone should vote .
That 's the ultimate goal . "
" As I 've always said , " he added , " let 's work together to get these votes counted , and show that every vote counts . "
As we noted in a previous report on the Pima County mess , no matter what the results , one must question why we persist in using these god-awful , electronic , privatized , untested , hackable , oft - failed , secret vote - counting systems in our public elections that leave us --- even three years later , as in this case --- wondering about the results .
As a BRAD BLOG commenter recently pointed out , in all of these elections , from Minnesota to New York to Arizona , it seems the actual determination of final results comes about only by a hand count of ballots , perceived universally as the most accurate way to correctly determine the results of an election .
" The only way to follow through was to actually sit down and hand - count the ballots , " Goddard said on air this afternoon .
" That 's the final indicator of whether an election result was changed . "
All of which begs the question as to why transparent , observable , and accurate hand counts are n't simply done in the first place .
* * *
UPDATE : Here 's Goddard 's full appearance on the John C. Scott Show this afternoon .
Thanks to KJLL 1330 am for sending it over so quickly !
Download MP3 or listen below ( appx 11 mins . ) ...
UPDATE 4/22/09 : Video of the complete Goddard presser follows below , courtesy of J.T. Waldron , producer of the upcoming Fatally Flawed documentary about the years - long struggle for accountability and transparency in Pima County .
The question about The BRAD BLOG 's coverage of the AG Press Secretary Anne Hilby 's direct quote that " Yes , we 're examining all of the evidence seized , including the poll tapes , " and her response claiming it to be a " misstatement on [ her ] part " , comes at around 16:30 on the video .
Goddard adds after that : " I do n't see how they would be relevant to a hand - count " .
The entire video is appx . 37 mins ...
EA : Pirated Sims 3 copies are nothing more than a demo
If you ’ve been playing Electronic Arts ‘ newest incarnation of The Sims , then you just might have been one - upped by EA .
EA states that pirated copies of The Sims 3 , the latest version of the hugely - anticipated reality simulator game , are nothing more than the equivalent of a demo , or shareware .
“ In the game that was pirated there ’s [ only ] one city [ out of two ] … and Sims 3 has a massive amount of content , and a lot of it is downloaded once you register with EA … and join the online community , ” says EA boss John Riccitiello .
“ So you get that content in addition to the second city [ which is downloadable for people who register ] , and that ’s a major component . ”
Riccitiello says that the [ leaked ] pirated version was a demo version of the game generally concentrated for play test in Poland and China .
The pirated version cannot be registered on the EA site , and as such , most of the downloadable content is not available , including a second city , major city overlays , and some key game features .
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
The young woman who last weekend emerged as a powerful symbol of opposition to the Iranian government embraced life in many ways , but there was little about her that would have led her friends to predict she would become a martyr , one of them told CNN .
Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , enjoyed music and was looking forward to learning how to play the piano .
more photos »
Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , rose to prominence within hours after a crudely shot video documenting her final moments was uploaded to the Web shortly after she died Saturday from a single gunshot wound to the chest .
" It 's heartbreaking , " President Obama said Tuesday in Washington , referring to the video of the woman the world has come to know simply as Neda , which means " divine calling " in Farsi .
" And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it . "
Since Saturday , the Iranian government has sought to minimize the impact of her death , but one of her friends on Tuesday described her to CNN in an attempt to inject life and context into what has been -- for much of the rest of the world -- just a few seconds of powerful , if grainy , video .
Much about her remains unclear , but here is what CNN has learned from at least one source :
The second of three children , Neda lived with her parents in a middle - class neighborhood east of Tehran .
She was a happy , positive person .
Though she studied philosophy and religion at the Azad Islamic University , she was more spiritual than religious .
She also loved music .
She once studied violin but had given it up and was planning to take up piano next .
She had just bought a piano , but it had not yet been delivered .
Her demeanor was typically calm , even serene , but she had a quirky , playful sense of humor .
A friend recalled that once , when Neda was visiting her friend 's house , she picked up a white Teddy bear , took off her big , purple - studded earrings and put them on the bear .
Then she removed a necklace from around the neck of a friend and put it around the bear 's neck , taking delight in the bear 's transformation .
She liked to travel , having visited Turkey three months ago with a tour group .
And she believed in human rights , her friend said .
See gallery of Neda and the effect of her life »
That may have explained why she was at an anti-government demonstration in Tehran on Saturday afternoon .
After being stuck in traffic for more than an hour inside a Peugeot 206 -- a subcompact with a poorly working air conditioner -- Neda and a family friend decided to get out of the car for some fresh air .
Shaky video captured on a cell phone shows her walking with the man , a teacher of music and philosophy , near an anti-government demonstration .
The two are near where protesters were chanting in opposition to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , whose calls for an end to anti-government demonstrations have sparked defiance across the nation .
Neda , wearing a baseball cap over a black scarf , a black shirt , blue jeans and tennis shoes , does not appear to be chanting and seems to be observing the demonstration .
Suddenly , Neda is on the ground -- felled by a single gunshot wound to the chest .
Several men kneel at her side and place pressure on her chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding .
" She has been shot !
Someone , come and take her ! " shouts one man .
By now , Neda 's eyes have rolled to her right ; her body is limp .
Blood streams from her mouth , then from her nose .
For a second , her face is hidden from view as the phone camera goes behind one of the men .
When Neda 's face comes back into view , it is covered with blood .
Then , the teacher pleads with her by name .
" Neda , do not be afraid , do not be afraid , " he repeats .
Another man curses as the first man begins to wail .
" Somebody come and get her in a car and take her away ! " a voice pleads .
She was taken to a nearby hospital and , within a day , she was buried at Behesht Zahra , the city 's largest Muslim cemetery , on the outskirts of the capital .
A friend of hers interprets the fact that her body was released so quickly as a tacit acknowledgment by the government that the killing was carried out by government forces .
That theory is supported by the fact that Iran 's strict gun-control laws mean private citizens cannot carry firearms , the friend said .
Since her death , public displays of mourning for Neda have been prohibited , the friend said .
A gathering of about 60 people at a mosque was broken up by members of the Basij , the pro-government vigilantes blamed for much of the violence against demonstrators , according to New York Times columnist Roger Cohen , who observed the incident .
iReport.com : Share your views on unrest in Iran
Neda 's family has not been allowed to post a black banner of mourning outside the family 's house , the friend said .
Yet Neda 's influence may not diminish soon .
Under Muslim tradition , the seventh and 40th days after someone dies are devoted to mourning and reflection .
All About Iran • Tehran • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
return minimum / maximum value of the function
To find the minimum on a range , first set this range via the SetRange function
If a vector x of coordinate is passed it will be used as starting point for the minimum .
In addition on exit x will contain the coordinate values at the minimuma
If x is NULL or x is inifinity or NaN , first , a grid search is performed to find the initial estimate of the minimum location .
The range of the function is divided into fNpx and fNpy sub-ranges .
If the function is " good " ( or " bad " ) , these values can be changed by SetNpx and SetNpy functions
Then , a minimization is used with starting values found by the grid search
The minimizer algorithm used ( by default Minuit ) can be changed by callinga ROOT :: Math :: Minimizer :: SetDefaultMinimizerType ( " .. " )
Other option for the minimizer can be set using the static method of the MinimizerOptions class
Your Book's ISBN
What is an ISBN ?
A 10 or 13 digit number that can be found on the back cover or inside the front cover of almost all books .
Sell books by entering the ISBN with or without the dashes , and do n't leave off the leading zeros .
Sometimes an ISBN can end with an X. CASH4BOOKS ® will accept either the 10 - digit or the 13 - digit ISBN .
News Flash for Fox News : Canada Does n’t Need the US For Security
Canadian Lieutenant General Leslie Andrew Leslie recently noted that after Canada ’s deployment in Afghanistan ends in 2011 , Canada ’s military may need a year to recover .
The reason , as Ellen points out , is because Canada has been suffering 4 times the casualty rate of American troops in Afghanistan , because Canada ’s in one of the most dangerous provinces .
Of course , Fox panelist Benson then mocked Canadians :
“ I did n’t even know that they were in the war , ” Benson said , adding he thought Canada was where someone went to avoid fighting .
No , Fox and the Republican party is where people go who avoid fighting .
None of the panelists on the show appear to have ever served in the military .
Then Fox pundits made the suggestion that Canada leaches on the US for security :
“ Would Canada be able to get away with this if they did n’t share a border with the most powerful country in the universe ? ”
Here ’s a fact for Fox .
There is only one country in the world which threatens Canada ’s security in any meaningful way .
Only one country in the world which might be able to successfully invade Canada : that ’s the US .
Canada does n’t need the US to save it from anyone but the US .
Sort of like protection money : “ Such a nice country you have there .
Be a shame if anything any happened to it . ”
Which is more or less what one panelist meant when he said :
“ Is n’t this the perfect time to invade this ridiculous country ? ” Gutfeld asked panelist Doug Benson .
I know many Americans do n’t think this way , but I get tired of the idea that Canada is some pacifist country .
We joined both WWI and WWII sooner than Americans , and we took heavier losses per capita ( see endnotes ) .
Sure , we did n’t fight in Vietnam or Iraq , but that ’s because neither country was any threat to us , or to our ally , the US .
Fighting in unnecessary wars is deeply immoral and worse than being immoral is a mistake which weakens the countries which partake .
Why are we in Afghanistan and not Iraq ?
Because there is a least a case that Afghanistan harbored terrorists who attacked our NATO ally , the US .
We ’re being a good ally .
There was no credible evidence that Iraq was involved in 9/11 , and we do n’t believe that when Fred hits you , you should attack Mary instead just because you do n’t like Mary and always wanted to beat her bloody .
For many years I have believed that Canada needs to revamp its military .
Not to make it more of an expeditionary force , but to make it serve Canadians better .
The main arm should be the Navy , supported by the Air Force , so we can defend our territorial waters .
As for our army , they should be trained in insurgency / counter - insurgency .
Officially , of course , the military upgrade would be so we could fight the colonial wars we keep getting dragged into by our entangling alliances .
Unofficially the real reason would be because after Iraq , only a fool thinks the US is n’t one demagogic politician and one disaster away from invading anyone it pleases , whether there ’s any good reason or not .
Sound ridiculous ?
Well , 8 years ago would you have thought that if country X attacked the US , the US would use that as an excuse to attack country Y ? Ridiculous is no longer a valid counterargument .
The US was a rogue nation under Bush , I can see no reason to think it could n’t happen again .
And Canada has a lot of oil .
If the US invades , Canada ca n’t beat it on the open battlefield .
But Canada is a big place , perfectly designed for guerrilla warfare .
But really , Canada and the US have been allies and friends for a long time , and I ’m proud we ’ve helped in Afghanistan .
Hopefully relations will stay good .
But when
Fox is the top viewed news network in a country and spewing this sort of hate , one sometimes wonders .
( Hat tip to News Hounds for the Fox News video above . )
Endnotes :
In WWII Canada had 1.1 million men serving and lost 45,364 .
The total population of the country in 1945 was 12,072,000 .
Canada thus had a per capita loss rate of .376 % .
America ’s death rate in WWII was .21 % .
In WWI Canada had 64,944 military casualties in a total population of 7.2 million .
The per capita death rate was thus a wopping 0.9 % .
The US lost 53,402 , in absolute numbers less , and the casualty rate was .054 % .
In WWI the US entered the war on April 6th , 1917 .
Canada had been at war since August 14th , 1914 .
( Granted , Canada had no choice in the matter as it had to go to war when Britain did , but it did n’t have to send as many men as it did .
Granted , also , that there ’s a strong argument that the US should not have entered WWI , which was not a war about any great principles or against any great evil , despite the propaganda at the time . )
Why is what Oprah is doing such a terrible thing ?
Because Jenny McCarthy is a woman who believes , and I quote ,
sadly it 's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe .
If the vaccine companies are not listening to us , it 's their f___ing fault that the diseases are coming back .
They 're making a product that 's s___ .
If you give us a safe vaccine , we 'll use it .
It should n't be polio versus autism .
Link
Never mind the fact that study after study after study finds no consistent link between childhood vaccinations and autism .
But thanks to the anti-vax shills like McCarthy and others , people have bought into the woo , and we 're already starting to see the results : more sick kids .
Look , I can think of a couple of reasons why people would subscribe to the vaccination - autism " theory " .
It 's understandable to have a healthy skepticism of big pharma .
Considering how much of a stranglehold they have on the American health system , one must always question their motives .
But early childhood vaccination is n't a scam foisted on us by drug companies .
It 's recommended by pretty much every doctor who is n't sadly mistaken .
If you want to expose your child to a potentially devastating disease like measles or polio because of some arbitrary link , you do so because you 're sadly mistaken , or you 're listening to Jenny McCarthy - which makes you a sadly mistaken anyways .
I sympathize with Ms McCarthy , and understand to some extent why she 's so passionately wrong - headed .
Full discretion : my older brother was born with a mental disability .
I 've grown up keenly aware of the kind of frustration parents of such a child have to deal with on a day - to - day basis .
My own parents wanted - no , needed - someone to blame for why my brother turned out the way he did .
I always suspected that my father secretly blamed himself (!?!?!? ) for my brother 's disability , something I tried and mostly succeeded in helping him get over ; but publicly , the family narrative was that our shoddy third world doctors must have screwed up the delivery somehow , and never mind the fact that my brother did n't show any signs of delayed development until he was around five or so .
It 's only been lately that I 've gotten my folks to admit that the doctors did n't do anything wrong , and that sometimes bad things happen .
It sucks but you deal .
My brother deals just fine , thanks .
If I could give a word of advice to Jenny McCarthy , it would be this :
You could be a force for good in the world - look at the awareness you 've brought to autism , if for all the wrong reasons - but please rethink your crusade .
It 's not cool to endanger millions of children because of your own personal hang - ups .
If I could give a word of advice to Oprah : Please reconsider .
Okay , that was two words .
But still .
And if I could give a word of advice to new and prospective parents :
Get your child vaccinated .
There 's a reason why those diseases are known historically as ' childhood killers ' .
For more discussion on Jenny McCarthy , Oprah , and anti-vax , hop on over to Scienceblogs .
They 're also taking on The Huffington Post , another seeming media advocate of the anti-vaccination lunacy .
For such an important fight , it 's receiving far too little notice , and I hope at least you 'll inform yourself .
Update : I 'm not going to deny that I intentionally gave this diary an inflammatory title because I hoped it would get people to pay attention to the very real peril of large numbers of children going unvaccinated .
But I honestly had no idea this was going to happen .
I suppose I should 've seen it coming , considering the tone I set .
Live and learn .
***
A couple of things : I took out all instances of profanity because admittedly the cursing was n't necessary and it seems to have completely turned some people off from the substance of the argument .
I also understand that my rhetoric is n't the most accommodating to those who may share a divergent opinion , although I do n't know how effective a more conciliary tone would be if some have accused me of schilling for Big Pharma despite the fact that I live in a country with single - payer health care and cheap drugs .
***
I do apologize for calling people idiots , however .
On reflection , my parents were just as mistaken in blaming the doctors for my brother 's condition as those parents who choose not to have their kids vaccinated because of the unfounded autism link - so in effect , I was calling my own folks idiots too .
And they 're not .
So I take that back .
As I stressed before , in the part of the diary most people probably skipped over , I understand all too well the frustration and anguish of relating to a special needs family member .
I understand why people would react the way they do .
My point simply is this : just because it 's understandable does n't make it right .
***
I probably should 've done this earlier but I was at work :
Email Oprah
Or better yet , contact Harpo Productions Inc. at
110 N Carpenter St. , Chicago , IL 60607- 2146 , United States
P:( 312)633-1000 F:( 312)633-1976
If you are so inclined , please feel free to communicate your concern to the Oprah people about Jenny McCarthy and the dangers of her public statements on vaccination .
***
Finally , for a different and calmer take on the subject of autism , please take part in this diary .
While I do n't quite agree with everything the diarist says , I do agree that there 's common ground to be found - and progress to be made - if some of us could calm down and hear the other side out and respond in a patient and thoughtful manner .
If you do go there , please be nice .
Leave your spleen here , if spleen is all you have to give .
Thanks .
* Revolution Money targets being in 3 mln stores by 2011
* No IPO or putting itself up for sale before 2011
NEW YORK , April 6 ( Reuters ) - Revolution Money , an online payment firm backed by AOL co-founder Steve Case , said on Monday it has received funding of $ 42 million from a group that includes a Goldman Sachs GS.N affiliate and earlier investors Citigroup C.N and Morgan Stanley MS.N .
Revolution Money , part of Washington - based Revolution LLC , competes with EBay Inc's EBAY .
O PayPal service in peer to peer money transfers , and offers a credit card .
The company will use the money to beef up its technology and help retailers promote the credit card , with a view to reaching 3 million retailers by 2011 despite tumbling U.S. retail sales , chairman Ted Leonsis told Reuters .
“ We see more rapid adoption of our service as merchants fight in this economy for more margin from sales , ” said Leonsis , who owns the National Hockey League ’s Washington Capitals .
Revolution Money estimated its RevolutionCard credit card is accepted at about 650,000 locations in the United States including those of bookseller Barnes & Noble Inc BKS.N , upscale grocer Whole Foods Market Inc WFMI.O and department store chain Nordstrom JWN.N .
Leonsis said Revolution competes with PayPal by letting users transfer funds to one another for free and with major credit card issuers , such as Visa Inc V.N MasterCard Inc MA.N and American Express Co AXP.N by offering competitive interchange fees for merchants .
Interchange fees are paid by merchants to a credit card company when a customer makes a purchase .
The new investment follows on a $ 50 million funding in 2007 from Citi , Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank DBKGn .DE , Case and others .
Despite attracting these investments in a difficult capital market , Leonsis said Revolution Money would not consider an initial public offering or put itself up for sale before 2011 .
“ Right now , we are focused on the build - out of the platform , but at some point to really scale the business , we would have to go public , ” Leonsis said .
Still , Leonsis thinks the business will be large enough in two years to attract public investors or a possible acquirer .
( Reporting by Phil Wahba ; editing by Mohammad Zargham )
Microsoft 's chief software architect has branded Google 's Wave collaboration effort as " anti-web " .
Ray Ozzie told the Churchill Club in California last week that Wave violates a principle he currently holds dear - that complexity is the enemy of the web .
Ozzie said the open web relies on open data formats and protocols , not opaque packages and payloads being tunneled across the web - yes , that was Microsoft saying that .
He did not explain exactly how he believed Wave to be complex .
Instead he suggested that Wave would rely on open source - because without it , Google 's collaboration platform would be too complicated for those outside the company to implement .
" I have nothing but the highest degree of sincere respect for the people who took this on , " Ozzie told a Churchill Club dinner event on Thursday evening .
But " if you have something that by its very nature ... is very complex with many roles and the way you configure it ... then you need open source to have many instances of it because no one will be able to do an independent implementation of it , " Ozzie said .
Ozzie , the collaboration pioneer : hopes " we " learn a lot from Wave
He contrasted Wave with Microsoft 's work on Mesh , which is currently in beta .
This features a framework to store data such as contacts , email , documents , or photos and will synchronize with devices via extensions to RSS - and Atom - based engines .
Mesh is expected as part of Microsoft 's Azure cloud later this year .
" Google Wave and Mesh are basically the same thing , " Ozzie claimed .
" But the nature of Mesh was learning from Groove and saying you are going to do synchronization , you are going to distill it down to simple things that people can do independent implementations of .
So it 's all based on RSS . "
Ozzie is regarded as a pioneer in collaboration .
He invented Lotus Notes , that staple of enterprise collaboration now owned by IBM .
He also created Groove Networks for people to create online workspaces and share documents .
Groove was acquired by Microsoft in 2005 and went on to become Microsoft Office SharePoint Workspace .
There are present in America today a very large number of citizens who believe protection of themselves and their loved ones from violent physical attack , robbery , rape and general mayhem is the sole responsibility of others .
Most of these ignorant folks believe that employees of the state should be responsible for protection of the individual in our society .
This view is elitist and based on false assumptions .
Depending on others for personal protection masks the belief by many that they are of a higher station in life ; that those of a lower social level and therefore inferior in stature and value should be responsible for their personal protection .
They believe their lives and property to be more important than the lives of members of law enforcement and the military .
Many are unaware that , according to the U.S. Supreme Court , the police have no obligation to protect the individual in society .
The court ruled as late as June 27th 2005 , in Castle Rock v Gonzales , that Jessica Gonzales did not have a constitutional right to police protection for herself , or her children , even though she had obtained a restraining order against her husband Simon .
Simon Gonzales subsequently abducted their three children , murdered them , and was killed by police after shooting into the police station window .
Ms. Gonzales called the police after the children were abducted , but , the police , believing Simon Gonzales to be non-violent , did nothing .
Perhaps , had the police enforced the restraining order , the children would be alive today ?
The Supreme Court has consistently ruled the police have no obligation to defend the individual .
Beginning with South V. Maryland in 1856 and several subsequent rulings on the subject , the court has ruled , " … there is no Constitutional right to be protected by the state against being murdered by criminals or madmen . "
Emphasis added .
Yet , the state and its myriad civilian supporters persist in the belief the individual in society should be disarmed , stating the police are there , should anyone need protection .
Today ’s economic problems have revealed the true purpose of most law enforcement personnel in our country : revenue collection .
Apprehending killers , rapists and robbers does not contribute to the coffers of law enforcement and their governing bodies ; they are , in fact , costly to the agency involved .
Unconstitutional law enforcement checkpoints , where a great majority of DUI citations , license , registration , and insurance violations are issued , are vital to the state in the collection of revenue .
In today ’s economic times , many departments have detailed officers from personal crime assignments to activities that are revenue producing .
This takes the law enforcement emphasis away from protecting citizens .
To the police , manning checkpoints or speed traps is much more important than answering a prowler call or a call concerning a restraining order ’s enforcement .
The court has ruled that any " protection " provided by law enforcement will be of a collective nature rather than an individual one .
Therefore , as individuals , we must come to grips with the reality of protecting our loved ones , and ourselves , with little to no dependence on those in law enforcement .
For that reason , we must never allow the state to remove from our possession the tools required for that critical task .
Even on the collective level , law enforcement has proved to be relatively ineffectual in protecting those who pay their salaries .
Jeffrey Dahmer , Ted Bundy , Ed Gein , John Wayne Gacy , Dennis Rader and Coral Eugene Watts managed to take the lives of at least 177 innocent people without ever firing a shot .
The police were only able to investigate after the fact in these cases .
I ’m sure that was of little consolation whatsoever to the victims , or their families .
So ineffectual are the members of law enforcement and the military , they have repeatedly been unable to protect those whose lives are in their hands 24 hours a day .
John F. Kennedy , Bobby Kennedy , Ronald Reagan , Yitzhak Rabin , Anwar al - Sadat and many others in history are proof positive the state cannot protect those they are tasked with protecting .
Depending on the military for personal protection would definitely be a misplaced trust .
Need I say more than 9/11 ?
Billions and billions for defense of the country and , according to the questionable government account of what was basically an act of mass murder , 19 men with box cutters brought down the icons of the American financial network and the headquarters of the U.S. Military , killing thousands in the process .
All this was accomplished at the reported cost of a few hundred thousand dollars .
Rumors abound concerning the military being used by the state to seize firearms and control American citizens should there be civil unrest or natural disaster .
The actions of the National Guard in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans are certainly indicative of what we can expect from the military as relates to personal protection .
If anyone still maintains any doubt the military will be deployed to American streets in the event of civil unrest or national emergency , check this out .
The military has morphed from the " protection of our country " paradigm to one of the enforcement arm for the state .
In fact , the military has failed miserably in abiding by its prime directive : " upholding and defending the Constitution of the United States against enemies foreign and domestic . "
Arguably , the military has become the tool of the Constitution ’s domestic enemies .
Effective personal protection can only be obtained through the efforts of the individual .
Private firearms ownership , proper training , perfect practice , and the mindset to use them all are vital .
To believe otherwise is elitist , ignorant of reality , and could eventually prove fatal .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
See People for Who They Are — Not for the Roles They Play
We all have a tendency to define ourselves by the roles we play .
The first part of almost every new conversation between strangers is asking the question , “ What do you do ? ”
We then use the answer to that question to apply a stereotype to the person .
If the person answers , “ I ’m a doctor , ” then we apply the stereotype of a respected but conservative individual who works long hours caring for people .
We also immediately associate the person with a higher income level and the advantages that come with it .
If the person answers , “ I ’m a CIO , ” then we apply the stereotype of a corporate executive with an inner nerd — someone who spends his / her time overseeing major projects and spending long hours in corporate boardrooms .
Why Stereotypes ?
Why do we use these stereotypes ?
Because it simplifies our lives .
It ’s complicated to truly understand an individual , and it ’s a time - consuming process .
We may not have time to spend getting a good understanding of the person , and we certainly do n’t want to spend that much time on everyone we meet .
So we take shortcuts , make gross assumptions , and then figure that we ’ll fill in the blanks later if we really want to know someone .
I ’m not saying that ’s wrong , but it ’s deceiving .
Our oversimplification causes us to miss out on learning the subtleties of an individual that truly make a person unique .
A “ doctor ” may be an accomplished artist with a scalpel who creates new faces for burn victims .
A “ CIO ” may be a former machinist who got into IT because it offered a better paycheck , and then built on his experience to rise through the ranks .
Most people have complicated back stories , and their overall life experience has contributed more to their current sense of self than any current title .
We probably do the most disservice to those with more mundane titles .
A “ waitress ” may be a single mom putting herself through school .
A “ UPS delivery man ” may be a passionate coach of amateur athletics or a committed family man who enjoys running a tight schedule and meeting new people .
Students are Different
When people introduce themselves as students , we cut them a little more slack .
We inquire about aspirations , career plans , life direction .
So why does a non-student answer give us any less interest in career growth and future direction ?
Maybe the doctor longs to be a politician .
Maybe the CIO wants to start her own company .
What people are is not the same as who they will become .
People Serving in Other Roles
Our type - casting even extends to people who in fact have good “ titles ” but serve in other capacities .
We go to a meeting of a business organization and we assume that the person checking us in for the meeting serves in some menial capacity .
He or she in fact may be president of a company — you just do n’t know .
I ’ve run into this consistently in one of my roles for the Atlanta Chapter of SIM ( Society for Information Management ) .
For the past six years or so I ’ve done the web site for the group .
It was kind of a fun project and it gave me an opportunity to contribute .
I extended the role by taking pictures at the meetings .
The photos made good additions to the web site and they were helpful in soliciting new members .
What amazed me , however , is how people ’s perception of me changed when I picked up a camera at SIM meetings .
No longer was I an experienced IT executive attending the meeting — I was a “ photographer ” who faded into the background like the waiters who run around in their white coats removing dirty dishes .
On several occasions I was standing with a group of my peers talking about IT - related subjects when someone new came up to us to introduce himself .
Invariably the person would shake hands with each of the people standing with me but bypass me because of the camera hanging around my neck .
Apparently it ’s an amazing camera — it makes me invisible .
Conclusion
I know it ’s easier to simplify your view of new people by applying stereotypes .
But try very hard for the next week or so to go beyond the stereotype and get a better feel for the real people underneath .
When you meet someone new , ask them about their passion , ask them about the best day of their life , ask them about what they want to do with their lives ( You might even consider doing this with people you already know . )
You ’ll begin to see how different people are from their stereotypes , and it will open up your eyes to some of the real beauty inside people .
And if you do this for a week , maybe you ’ll like doing it well enough to keep doing it for the rest of your life .
Oh , and if you see someone at a meeting with a camera around his neck , say hello .
He ’s probably a lot more than a photographer .
Despite the blandishments and siren song of Democratic Party hacks Ed Rendell and Joe " I used to live in Scranton " Biden , registered Democrats in Pennsylvania would prefer to make up their own minds about who the party 's nominee for the U.S. Senate should be .
As Chris Bowers at OpenLeft pointed out yesterday , " only 28 % of Pennsylvania Democrats would prefer an uncontested primary for Senate next year , " which is what Rendell and Biden are pushing .
63 % feel certain that the democratic process will be better served -- as will the Democratic Party -- if Republican - turned - Democratish Arlen Specter has to justify to them in a primary why he should get the party 's nomination .
Our old friend Joe Sestak intends to make certain the Democratic voters get a vigorous primary battle -- despite promises from Biden , Rendell ( and his machine ) , Harry Reid and even Barack Obama to campaign for Specter and participate in hoodwinking voters into believing he 's now a Democrat .
Last night Chris Matthews discussed the Sotormayor confirmation battle with MSNBC 's resident crazy old white male racist guy , Pat Buchanan , and despite a brand new poll showing only 28 % of Americans oppose Sotomayor 's confirmation , the racist claimed that not one single Republican would vote for her .
An anonymous , and more realistic , Republican senator on the Judiciary Committee -- probably Chuck Grassley or Orrin Hatch -- predicted tolate yesterday that she will be confirmed with as many as 15 GOP votes .
Certainly Specter will be a " yes " vote .
But do Pennsylvania Democrats want their senator working behind the scenes -- and working with the lobbyists who have bankrolled his career -- to water down all the important legislative approaches that differentiate the party that supports working families from the party that supports special corporate interests ?
Concerned Pennsylvania Democrats are keeping careful -- and transparent -- track of how Specter votes on important issues Sestak knows that Specter has been a captive of the banking interests and medical - industrial complex for years and years , " It 's whether Arlen will fight for the right issues -- Democrat or Republican .
He helped derail health care plans without an alternative in the '90s .
Maybe he 's changed , but I 'm not sure we can take that chance ...
We have to ask the question , ‘ Will he be with the right policy that our president presently has put out there to retool our economy and health care and education through 2016 .’...
I do n't think that a " D " next to your name makes you a Democrat . "
Watch him on CNN :
Labels : Arlen Specter , Joe Sestak , Pennsylvania , primaries , Senate 2010 , Sonia Sotomayor
The world ’s most fascinating tunnel networks
Via Jason Kottke .
My favorite ?
The subterranean realm of long - dead Smithsonian Institution moth expert Harrison Gray Dyar , who dug “ almost a quarter mile of tunnels ” beneath his home in Washington :
The text , from a 1932 issue of Modern Mechanics and Invention , reads :
ONE of the oddest hobbies in the world is that of Dr. H. G. Dyar , international authority on moths and butterflies of the Smithsonian Institution , who has found health and recreation in digging an amazing series of tunnels beneath his Washington home .
Almost a quarter of a mile of tunnels has been completed , lined with concrete .
The deepest passage , illustrated in the accompanying diagram , extends 32 feet down .
Every bit of earth was removed unaided by Dr. Dyar , being carried out in pails .
He found the tunnel - digging an appealing form of exercise to relieve the intense strain of his work day , which involved much close work with high - power microscopes .
The catacombs are constructed in three levels , with steps and iron pipe ladders leading between different tiers .
The idea first came to Dr. Dyar when he sought to make an underground entrance to his furnace cellar .
Anyone know if the tunnels are still around ?
According to Pamela M. Henson , they got Dyar in a bit of trouble :
During the 1920s Dyar ’s most peculiar hobby came to light .
When a truck fell into a labyrinth of tunnels near Dyar ’s old home in 1924 , newspaper speculation attributed these to World War I spy nests , Civil War trysts , and mad scientists .
Eventually Dyar accepted responsibility for the tunnels and similar works behind his new home , saying he found relaxation in digging underground .
The brick - walled tunnels extended for hundreds of feet and measured six by six feet .
View the whole collection here .
by : Runningscared
an image from Runningscared Uploaded 11 years ago
Bookmark & Share
If you want to understand what is wrong with public policy when it comes to IT in the UK , look no further than the recent tragic case of the letter sent by a school to the parents of dead schoolgirl Megan Gillan , demanding that she improve her attendance .
It was one of those bleak and bitter accidents that inevitably occur from time to time , leaving sysadmins everywhere breathing a sigh of relief that on this occasion it was nothing to do with them .
Total error - free operation is not a realistic goal .
Bugs do get built into systems , and no matter how perfect the system , they still need people to operate them - fallible people .
What could be avoided is the misleading aftermath : the spokespeople for official bodies running round and blaming the system , the reinforcement of the public myth that computers are somehow alien , given to working in mysterious ways quite beyond the ken of the average punter .
When we first read this story – a single paragraph in one of the broadsheets – the event was described as a " system error " .
Our instant reaction was that this was unlikely ; most system errors usually turn out to have a very human origin .
However , the same story was elaborated upon in the BBC report of the event .
Cheshire County Council confirmed that Megan ’s school had been using Capita ’s School Information Management Systems software ( SIMS ) to maintain her details .
A spokeswoman for the Council was reported as saying : " Megan 's name had been taken off the school roll when she died , and removed from the main school database .
" However , unknown to the school , her details had remained in a different part of the computer system and were called up when the school did a mail merge letter to the parents of all Year 11 students about their prom .
" The letter called up details of each student 's attendance for the whole year to date and because Megan had been on roll in September , she was included . "
So the system , for some peculiar reason , holds multiple representations of the same data ?
If true , that would be an accident waiting to happen .
Except , according to Capita , that is not so .
After wading through their initial slightly woolly response , which committed them to a software change that would make it impossible to send attendance letters out to pupils who have left a particular school , we put it to them that the systems architecture implied by the above statement would make their system unfit for purpose .
They took the bait and politely , but firmly , explained that our conjecture was wrong .
The system only contains a single data table for pupils ' names and addresses .
The issue was pretty much as outlined above .
We are still not totally convinced of the need for a software fix .
We have since spoken to the Head of ICT in a school that runs SIMS , who was equally scathing of the idea that this was a " system error " , pointing out that the software allows schools to set a deceased flag , after which , as far as he is aware , all communications in respect of a given pupil are automatically blocked .
If true , the danger of putting in a " fix " of the kind that Capita have proposed is that it adds to the complexity of the system , and increases ever so slightly the possibility of a real bug being introduced .
It is cosmetic rather than necessary .
You ’ve probably seen pictures or footage of people in emerging countries , many of them very young , mired in toxic compounds as they scavenge for useful materials from mountains of e-waste that ’s shipped from the U.S. and other wealthy nations .
To help combat this , recycling programs have sprouted up and firms are participating in responsible disposal methods like reuse .
Giving your old PC new life sounds great , right ?
Gartner ’s Meike Escherich is n’t convinced …
“ Although reuse must be considered preferable to most other forms of waste management , without effective controls , exports for reuse can be an excuse for dumping , and , even in the best case , result in ‘ passing the toxic buck ’ to emerging economies , which are seldom equipped to deal with this problem in an environmentally and socially responsible way , ” said Meike Escherich , principal research analyst at Gartner .
The problem is that these refurbished PCs , which are very much in demand in these countries , will eventually fail or become obsolete .
When that happens , the landfill - bound equipment ends up leeching toxins in a country or region that ’s ill - equipped to recycle electronics .
In short , our problem still becomes someone else’s .
Source : SiliconRepublic.com
This stew of carrots , spinach and rice cooked well beyond tender — that is , into mush — is an example of a dish in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
I first ate it at a lunch counter in Istanbul and was taken by its depth of flavor .
You can add ingredients to make this a bigger , more substantial stew , but it wo n’t be a better one .
Print Recipe Summary
If you want to turn this into a more filling main course , use stock instead of water , add some cubed boneless chicken or lamb , season it with a little cumin or dill and finish the whole with lemon .
Ingredients 1/ 2 pound carrots , peeled and cut into 1/4 - inch dice
1/2 cup long - grain rice , like Basmati
Salt and pepper
1 pound fresh spinach , thick stems removed , washed and roughly chopped
3 cloves minced garlic , optional
2 tablespoons butter , optional Method 1 .
Combine carrots with 6 cups of water in a saucepan and turn heat to high .
Bring to a boil , then stir in rice and a large pinch of salt .
When the mixture returns to the boil , add spinach , then adjust heat so that it simmers gently .
2. Cook , stirring occasionally , until the rice and carrots are very tender , about 1 / 2 hour , and the mixture takes on the consistency of a thick stew .
Stir in garlic or butter ( if you 're using either or both ) , and cook another 5 minutes .
Taste and adjust seasoning and serve .
Source : The New York Times
Types of Hemorrhoids
Hemorrhoids ( often misspelled as “ hemroids ” ) are cushions of swollen tissue and blood vessels in the lower rectal area .
There are two types of hemorrhoids : internal and external hemorrhoids .
Internal hemorrhoids occur inside the lower rectum above the dentate line ( where there are no nerve endings ) , and external hemorrhoids occur below the dentate line ( where there are nerve endings ) and are often observed as external lumps or bulges around the anus .
However , external hemorrhoid - like symptoms are often actually caused by internal hemorrhoids .
Both internal hemorrhoids and external hemorrhoids can be caused by a number of things , including constipation , straining , pregnancy , etc. , and can be unpleasant if left untreated .
External Hemorrhoids
External hemorrhoids often occur as bulges or lumps around the anus .
Because of the sensitive nerve fibers in this area , these abnormal vessels are often painful , especially when sitting .
They also may bleed and itch .
Should blood pool in an external hemorrhoid , a blood clot referred to as a thrombosed hemorrhoid may develop and cause severe pain .
If you think you have external hemorrhoids , be sure to see a doctor .
Many people mistake external skin tags or irritation caused by internal hemorrhoids as an external hemorrhoid .
In fact , around 90 % of patients who complain about external issues are actually helped by hemorrhoidal banding of their internal hemorrhoids .
Whichever type of hemorrhoid you have , you should always consult with a doctor for accurate diagnosis , and to get any recommended screening for more serious issues such as colorectal or colon cancer .
To find a hemorrhoid physician in your area , contact CRH today .
Internal Hemorrhoids
Because they are inside the lower rectum , internal hemorrhoids often ca n’t be seen and are typically painless .
Often , the only symptoms you may notice are itching , small amounts of bright red blood ( on your toilet paper or inside the toilet bowl ) , or a feeling of fullness following a bowel movement .
However , internal hemorrhoids can also push through the anal opening .
These are known as prolapsing hemorrhoids .
Sometimes these hemorrhoids reduce ( go back inside ) spontaneously , and other times they must be manually reduced ( pushed back in ) .
This can lead to enlarged external hemorrhoids , and the development of excess skin ( skin tags ) .
In the vast majority of cases , treating the internal hemorrhoids will relieve the external symptoms .
You may also want to have the skin tag removed , but this is not necessary for recovery .
What are Hemorrhoids ?
Hemorrhoids are cushions of tissue in the lower rectum that contribute to 15 - 20 % of our resting continence .
Everybody has them but we do n’t tend to call them hemorrhoids until they become symptomatic .
These problems develop when the blood vessels in the rectal area cause the surrounding tissue to loosen and push into the anal canal .
This leads to a number of different symptoms which we will cover in Hemorrhoid Symptoms .
To fully answer the question , “ What are Hemorrhoids ? ” we ’ve provided the following links .
Here you ’ll find hemorrhoid causes , symptoms , and treatment information .
If you do determine your symptoms to be caused by hemorrhoids , just remember – you ’re not alone .
By age 50 , half of all people will be affected by hemorrhoids .
The good news is , treatments like the CRH O’Regan System can effectively treat hemorrhoids quickly and safely .
Select a section to learn more :
How do You Get Hemorrhoids ?
Hemorrhoids are more common than you know .
Think only certain types of people get hemorrhoids ?
Think again — hemorrhoids will affect half of all people by the time they turn 50 .
While most people get hemorrhoids after age 30 , the truth is , they ’re common among all kinds of people from all kinds of backgrounds — and you should n’t feel embarrassed or upset about telling a doctor if you think you have them .
Here are the most common factors believed to be associated with symptomatic hemorrhoids :
Chronic constipation : A diet low in fiber and high in fat can be one cause of constipation .
Other conditions such as Irritable Bowel Syndrome can also result in constipation .
Constipation causes you to strain excessively to pass a bowel movement , putting pressure on the veins in the anus and resulting in swelling .
Not drinking enough water also can lead to constipation by not providing an adequate amount of fluid in the intestines , leading to hard stools .
Chronic diarrhea :
Though this might seem like the opposite problem to chronic constipation , chronic diarrhea can have the same result as it also increases pressure on the anus from frequent bowel movements .
: Though this might seem like the opposite problem to chronic constipation , chronic diarrhea can have the same result as it also increases pressure on the anus from frequent bowel movements .
Pregnancy and childbirth :
Increased pressure from the growing fetus and issues with constipation during pregnancy can cause you to develop hemorrhoids during pregnancy .
Straining during childbirth can also cause hemorrhoids to develop .
: Increased pressure from the growing fetus and issues with constipation during pregnancy can cause you to develop hemorrhoids during pregnancy .
Straining during childbirth can also cause hemorrhoids to develop .
Obesity : People who are obese are more likely to get hemorrhoids because excessive weight puts pressure on the veins of the rectum and anus , which can lead to swelling and inflammation .
In addition , people who are obese may be more likely to be sedentary or eat a diet that is too low in fiber .
: People who are obese are more likely to get hemorrhoids because excessive weight puts pressure on the veins of the rectum and anus , which can lead to swelling and inflammation .
In addition , people who are obese may be more likely to be sedentary or eat a diet that is too low in fiber .
Sitting too long :
Sitting all day , or for too long on the toilet , can increase the pressure on your veins and anus , sometimes causing hemorrhoids .
: Sitting all day , or for too long on the toilet , can increase the pressure on your veins and anus , sometimes causing hemorrhoids .
Heavy lifting : Lifting heavy weights or other objects can also strain your anus , especially if done with improper form .
Lifting heavy weights or other objects can also strain your anus , especially if done with improper form .
Age :
As you age , the tissues that support your veins can weaken or stretch causing the development of hemorrhoids .
: As you age , the tissues that support your veins can weaken or stretch causing the development of hemorrhoids .
Decreased connective tissue strength
Increased anal sphincter pressure
As you can see , hemorrhoids can afflict all kinds of people – men and women , young and old .
No matter what causes your hemorrhoids , you can get treatment .
Find a hemorrhoid physician now for the most accurate diagnosis and treatment plan .
To learn more , contact CRH today .
What Do Hemorrhoids Look Like ?
You may be wondering if you can identify your hemorrhoids by sight , but depending on the type and severity of your hemorrhoids , you may not see them at all !
Internal Hemorrhoids
If you have internal hemorrhoids you are very unlikely to be able to see them as they are located inside of the anus .
That said , more advanced internal hemorrhoids may protrude from the anal opening during a bowel movement .
In most cases , they will be more easily identified by your symptoms , such as anal bleeding or itching .
External Hemorrhoids
If you have external hemorrhoids , they may look like lumps or bulges around the anus .
You may also feel your external hemorrhoids swell during a bowel movement .
When in Doubt , Speak with a Physician
Of course , the only way you can be sure you have hemorrhoids is to speak with a qualified medical professional .
Causes of Hemorrhoids
Causes of Hemorrhoids May Be More Common Than You Think !
Hemorrhoids result from an increase in pressure in the veins of the rectum , typically from too much straining .
Many people underestimate the commonality of several causes of hemorrhoids .
How do you get Hemorrhoids ?
Based on the list below , it may be a good idea to evaluate some simple lifestyle changes you can make to prevent these common causes of hemorrhoids .
Common causes of hemorrhoids include :
Constipation
Diet
Pregnancy and Childbirth
Obesity
Heavy lifting
Long periods of sitting
Poor Posture
Diarrhea
Preventing hemorrhoids
While you ca n’t always prevent hemorrhoids , there are some things you can do to reduce your chances – especially for hemorrhoids caused by constipation .
To reduce your risk – including preventing new hemorrhoids from forming after you ’ve had the CRH treatment – make sure you :
Avoid the common causes of hemorrhoids outlined above .
Avoid high - fat , low - fiber foods .
In Western countries , constipation is associated with diets low in fiber and high in fat .
Drink seven or eight glasses of water a day .
Add 15 grams of fiber to your diet ( two tablespoons of natural oat or wheat bran ) .
Metamucil , Benefiber , flax or other soluble fiber may be helpful as well .
Do not sit on the toilet for longer than two minutes .
If you ca n’t have a bowel movement in that time , come back later .
This two - minute rule can help keep you from straining during bowel movements without realizing it .
During air travel , be sure to stay hydrated , avoid alcohol , eat fiber and walk around when possible .
Hemorrhoid Symptoms
Common Hemorrhoid Symptoms
Hemorrhoids ( also called piles ) are an incredibly common problem – yet telling your doctor about them can seem embarrassing and stressful .
If you have hemorrhoid symptoms , do n’t suffer in silence .
The sooner you get diagnosed and treated , the better your life and your health will be – and the less likely you are to have complications or require surgery .
Symptoms of Hemorrhoids
Prolapse
In some instances the hemorrhoids will prolapse ( come down through the anal canal ) , requiring the sufferer to push the tissue back in place , while in others the prolapsed tissue will reduce on its own .
Blood
If you notice a small amount of blood on the toilet paper after a bowel movement , or see blood in your stool , this may be a sign of hemorrhoids .
This blood will typically be bright red in color .
Rectal itching
An itchy feeling either on the rectum or in the interior of the rectum is one of the most common and irritating hemorrhoid symptoms .
In addition to being uncomfortable , vigorous scratching of the afflicted area can lead to infections if the skin is broken .
It may be tempting to clean the area to provide temporary relief , but adding moisture to the area or using cleansers that alter the pH can sometimes make matters worse .
Swelling
Many hemorrhoids sufferers experience swelling in the anal area .
This is caused by the rubbing and irritation of the prolapsing tissue .
Some of these hemorrhoid symptoms can also be a sign of more serious gastrointestinal issues , such as colorectal cancer , colon cancer , irritable bowel syndrome and others .
That ’s why it ’s important to talk to a doctor about your symptoms and get an accurate diagnosis as early as possible .
Contact CRH today to find a hemorrhoid physician in your area and get started on the road to living hemorrhoid free .
Blood In Stool
There are many different types of blood that can occur in a stool and numerous conditions that can cause blood in stool .
The most common type of blood that occurs in stool is due to anal fissures or hemorrhoids .
This blood is usually bright red in color and easily noticed .
It may be present on toilet paper after a bowel movement , or visible on the stool itself .
This is a common health issue but if it occurs frequently , it is very important to get medical attention .
Bright Red Blood in Stool
Sometimes blood in the stool may be profuse and bright red in color .
This is a very serious condition and should not be ignored .
Common causes for this type of blood in a stool are colitis , diverticulitis and colon cancer .
The blood may be attributed to a polyp or tumor located inside the digestive tract , or it may be caused by an irritation in the lining of the intestine .
Regardless of its cause , if you notice blood of this variety in your stool , it is vital to seek medical help as anemia can occur or it may be a sign of a serious health problem .
Occult Bleeding
Occult bleeding is often misunderstood and unfortunately , missed .
It is dark red in color , and may be hard to spot in a stool .
This type of blood in a stool is most commonly linked with colon cancer , and particularly with tumors that are located in the right section of the colon .
In order to spot occult blood , it is recommended that patients monitor their bowel movements so that they become familiar with the usual color and consistency .
This can be a life saving method that helps with early detection of cancer .
Colon Cancer Screening
The American Cancer Society has issued new guidelines for colon cancer screening , and if you have experienced blood in your stool it is important to schedule a screening .
Those over the age of 50 should have a screening done every ten years , while those in a high risk category will need more frequent screenings .
Colon cancer is treatable , especially when it is caught in the early stages .
Related Topics :
Treatments / Cures
Traditionally , those suffering from hemorrhoids were told their only options to treat their hemorrhoids were to use conservative measures such as ointments and creams or to otherwise undergo surgery if their symptoms got bad enough .
Unfortunately , most at home conservative measures offer only temporary relief from the symptoms of hemorrhoids and the pain and downtime associated with surgery means it is often a last resort .
Today , there are more long lasting ways to cure your hemorrhoids that do not involve all of the complications of surgery .
Of course , these methods vary in terms of both effectiveness and the risk of complications .
For more in - depth information about the various treatments for hemorrhoids , visit our compare treatments section .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News , Madeira
A vaquita among other species landed by Mexican fisherman
Enlarge Image
Mexico's twin crises - swine flu and the economy - may derail a plan to save the world 's most endangered cetacean .
Only about 150 vaquita are left , and about 30 are dying each year through becoming entangled in fishing nets .
The government has cut funding aimed at taking fishing boats out of service or adopting vaquita - friendly equipment .
The vaquita , which is also the world 's smallest cetacean , is emblematic of the plight of other dolphins and porpoises around the world , say campaigners .
As government delegates , scientists , whale - hunters and environmentalists discuss the large ocean - traversing cetaceans at the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) meeting here , green group WWF 's new report , The Forgotten Whales , concludes that some of the leviathans ' smaller brethren are more at risk .
Earlier this year the baiji or Yangtse River Dolphin was declared probably extinct , and the Critically Endangered vaquita ( Phocoena sinus ) - another species restricted to a small , specific habitat - will follow suit without swift action , conservationists believe .
" The estimated mortality comes to more than 30 animals per year , and having a population that is only 150 - you can imagine that the population will not survive if nothing is done , " said Lorenzo Rojas - Bracho , Mexico 's IWC commissioner and the head of the national marine mammal research and conservation programme .
" The situation is so critical , you can't kill more than one vaquita per year of you want to save it for future generations . "
The boto - a South American river dolphin - also faces an uncertain future
After years of successive Mexican governments denying the problem , the current administration recently put $ 18 m into a fund aimed at removing vaquita - threatening gillnets from the waters in the north of the Gulf of California , which is its only habitat .
Dr Rojas - Bracho said the programme had removed about 500 illegal fishing vessels from the area , while about 400 legal ones had taken funding either to leave the industry or to adopt other types of gear .
Another tranche of similar size had been due , he said , but had been cut by about 60 % because of the country 's other problems .
" Our environment minister has insisted it 's a priority for the government , so we 're happy with that - but it wo n't be easy , " he told BBC News .
Other countries including Sweden and the US had contributed , he said , and the work had been supported by WWF and the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) .
But other conservation organisations that complained about the vaquita 's plight had not been so quick to contribute funding , he said .
With full funding , he added , it might have been possible to bring vaquita deaths from fishing nets down to zero - which is probably needed to save the species - but now that might not be possible .
Responsible urge
The vaquita and the baiji head a list of eight small cetaceans that WWF says are under threat .
Others include the river dolphins of the Indus and Ganges , Hector 's dolphin of New Zealand , the Atlantic humpbacked dolphin that lives off the West African coast , and the boto or Amazon dolphin .
Pollution , loss of habitat and shipping are among the factors reducing their populations .
WWF points out that of 69 small cetacean species , 40 are categorised as Data Deficient by the Red List of Threatened Species , meaning there is not enough evidence to know whether their populations are declining or not .
Many environment groups would like the IWC 's remit to include conservation of these small cetaceans .
" It is time for the IWC and its members to take full responsibility for the conservation future of all whales great and small , " said Heather Sohl , species policy officer with WWF UK .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For scary speculation about the end of civilization in 2012 , people usually turn to followers of cryptic Mayan prophecy , not scientists .
But that 's exactly what a group of NASA - assembled researchers described in a chilling report issued earlier this year on the destructive potential of solar storms .
Entitled " Severe Space Weather Events — Understanding Societal and Economic Impacts , " it describes the consequences of solar flares unleashing waves of energy that could disrupt Earth 's magnetic field , overwhelming high - voltage transformers with vast electrical currents and short - circuiting energy grids .
Such a catastrophe would cost the United States " $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion in the first year , " concluded the panel , and " full recovery could take 4 to 10 years . "
That would , of course , be just a fraction of global damages .
Good - bye , civilization .
Worse yet , the next period of intense solar activity is expected in 2012 , and coincides with the presence of an unusually large hole in Earth 's geomagnetic shield .
But the report received relatively little attention , perhaps because of 2012 's supernatural connotations .
Mayan astronomers supposedly predicted that 2012 would mark the calamitous " birth of a new era . "
Whether the Mayans were on to something , or this is all just a chilling coincidence , wo n't be known for several years .
But according to Lawrence Joseph , author of " Apocalypse 2012 : A Scientific Investigation into Civilization 's End , " " I 've been following this topic for almost five years , and it was n't until the report came out that this really began to freak me out . "
Wired.com talked to Joseph and John Kappenman , CEO of electromagnetic damage consulting company MetaTech , about the possibility of geomagnetic apocalypse — and how to stop it .
*__ Wired.com :
__ What 's the problem ?
__John Kappenman :
__We 've got a big , interconnected grid that spans across the country .
Over the years , higher and higher operating voltages have been added to it .
This has escalated our vulnerability to geomagnetic storms .
These are not a new thing .
They 've probably been occurring for as long as the sun has been around .
It 's just that we 've been unknowingly building an infrastructure that 's acting more and more like an antenna for geomagnetic storms .
__Wired.com : __What do you mean by antenna ?
__Kappenman : __Large currents circulate in the network , coming up from the earth through ground connections at large transformers .
We need these for safety reasons , but ground connections provide entry paths for charges that could disrupt the grid .
__
Wired.com : __What 's your solution ?
**__Kappenman : __* What we 're proposing is to add some fairly small and inexpensive resistors in the transformers ' ground onnections .
The addition of that little bit of resistance would significantly reduce the amount of the geomagnetically induced currents that flow into the grid .
*__Wired.com : __* What does it look like ?
Kappenman :*
In its simplest form , it 's something that might be made out of cast iron or stainless steel , about the size of a washing machine . *
*__Wired.com : __**How much would it cost ? *
*__Kappenman : __* We 're still at the conceptual design phase , but we think it 's do - able for $ 40,000 or less per resistor .
That 's less than what you pay for insurance for a transformer .
*__Wired.com : ** And less than what you 'd willingly pay for insurance on civilization . *
*
Kappenman : __** If you 're talking about the United States , there are about 5,000 transformers to consider this for .
The Electromagnetic Pulse Commission recommended it in a report they sent to Congress last year .
We 're talking about $ 150 million or so .
It 's pretty small in the grand scheme of things .
*
Big power lines and substations can withstand all the other known environmental challenges .
The problem with geomagnetic storms is that we never really understood them as a vulnerability , and had a design code that took them into account .
*__Wired.com : __*Can it be done in time ?
*__Kappenman : __*I 'm not in the camp that 's certain a big storm will occur in 2012 .
But given time , a big storm is certain to occur in the future .
They have in the past , and they will again .
They 're about one - in - 400 - year events .
That does n't mean it will be 2012 .
It 's just as likely that it could occur next week .
Wired.com :
Do you think it 's coincidence that the Mayans predicted apocalypse on the exact date when astronomers say the sun will next reach a period of maximum turbulence ?
__Lawrence Joseph : __I have enormous respect for Mayan astronomers .
It disinclines me to dismiss this as a coincidence .
But I recommend people verify that the Mayans prophesied what people say they did .
I went to Guatemala and spent a week with two Mayan shamans who spent 20 years talking to other shamans about the prophecies .
They confirmed that the Maya do see 2012 as a great turning point .
Not the end of the world , not the great off - switch in the sky , but the birth of the fifth age .
Wired.com :
Is n't a great off - switch in the sky exactly what 's described in the report ?
__Joseph : __The chair of the NASA workshop was Dan Baker at the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics .
Some of his comments , and the comments he approved in the report , are very strong about the potential connection between coronal mass ejections and power grids here on Earth .
There 's a direct relationship between how technologically sophisticated a society is and how badly it could be hurt .
That 's the meta - message of the report .
I had the good fortune last week to meet with John Kappenman at MetaTech .
He took me through a meticulous two - hour presentation about just how vulnerable the power grid is , and how it becomes more vulnerable as higher voltages are sent across it .
He sees it as a big antenna for space weather outbursts .
Wired.com :
Why is it so vulnerable ?
__Joseph : __Ultra -high voltage transformers become more finicky as energy demands are greater .
Around 50 percent already can't handle the current they 're designed for .
A little extra current coming in at odd times can slip them over the edge .
The ultra-high voltage transformers , the 500,000 - and 700,000 - kilovolt transformers , are particularly vulnerable .
The United States uses more of these than anyone else .
China is trying to implement some million - kilovolt transformers , but I 'm not sure they 're online yet .
Kappenman also points out that when the transformers blow , they can't be fixed in the field .
They often can't be fixed at all .
Right now there 's a one - to three - year lag time between placing an order and getting a new one .
According to Kappenman , there 's an as - yet - untested plan for inserting ground resistors into the power grid .
It makes the handling a little more complicated , but apparently is n't anything the operators can't handle .
I 'm not sure he'd say these could be in place by 2012 , as it 's difficult to establish standards , and utilities are generally regulated on a state - by - state basis .
You 'd have quite a legal thicket .
But it still might be possible to get some measure of protection in by the next solar climax .
Wired.com : __ __Why can't we just shut down the grid when we see a storm coming , and start it up again afterwards ?
__Joseph : __Power grid operators now rely on one satellite called ACE , which sits about a million miles out from Earth in what 's called the gravity well , the balancing point between sun and earth .
It was designed to run for five years .
It 's 11 years old , is losing steam , and there are no plans to replace it .
ACE provides about 15 to 45 minutes of heads - up to power plant operators if something 's coming in .
They can shunt loads , or shut different parts of the grid .
But to just shut the grid off and restart it is a $ 10 billion proposition , and there is lots of resistance to doing so .
Many times these storms hit at the north pole , and do n't move south far enough to hit us .
It 's a difficult call to make , and false alarms really piss people off .
Lots of money is lost and damage incurred .
But in Kappenman 's view , and in lots of others , this time burnt could really mean burnt .
Wired.com :
Do you live your life differently now ?
__Joseph : __I 've been following this topic for almost five years .
It was n't until the report came out that it began to freak me out .
Up until this point , I firmly believed that the possibility of 2012 being catastrophic in some way was worth investigating .
The report made it a little too real .
That document can't be ignored .
And it was even written before the THEMIS satellite discovered a gigantic hole in Earth 's magnetic shield .
Ten or twenty times more particles are coming through this crack than expected .
And astronomers predict that the way the sun 's polarity will flip in 2012 will make it point exactly the way we do n't want it to in terms of evading Earth 's magnetic field .
It 's an astonoshingly bad set of coincidences .
Wired.com : If Barack Obama said , " Lets ' prepare , " and there were n't any bureaucratic hurdles , could we still be ready in time ?
__Joseph : __I believe so .
I 'd ask the President to slipstream behind stimulus package funds already appropriated for smart grids , which are supposed to improve grid efficiency and help transfer high energies at peak times .
There 's a framework there .
Working within that , you could carve out some money for the ground resistors program , if those tests work , and have the initial momentum for cutting through the red tape .
It 'd be a place to start .
See Also :
Images : 1 . NASA 2 . MetaTech
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Sixty - nine Million of us voted for President Obama because he promised hope and change from the disasters of the Bush Administration .
Countless millions of human beings around the planet joined us in our relief and our elation when he was elected .
An unthinking uncritical “ Obamamania ” among most of his supporters continues to prevail so far .
This is dangerous for them , for President Obama and for all of us .
Without critical analysis and pressure from his millions of supporters , Obama will stumble into disaster .
We have carefully watched the new President ’s first 100 days and we are appalled .
We find that Obama has continued Bush policies affecting the abuses of Wall Street banks , and allowing Wall Street wrongdoers to manage our economy and the “ recovery . ”
Forget the impeachment of Bush and Cheney , the prosecution of Eliot Spitzer for his sexual indiscretion , and Bernard Madoff ’s little Ponzi - scheme .
What about prosecuting those bankers who profited from the most massive fraudulent swindle in human history ?
Reputable commentators such as Michael Whitney , John Paul Roberts , Professor Michael Hudson , and now Professor William K. Black have spelled out the details .
The CNBC TV Documentary House of Cards explained in detail with surprisingly candid on camera , guilt free admissions by the wrong - doers how this swindle worked from the borrowers and mortgage salesmen in Los Angeles to the top CEOs of Wall Street and to the Fed .
These sources of our information have been relatively diplomatic in tone .
It is time to name names and cite the fraudulent acts of those responsible , and the specific violations of law .
As we evaluate all of this , keep in mind what William K. Black said on Bill Moyer ’s April 3 program about making risky loans where the ability of the borrower to repay a loan is not vetted : “ We know that will produce enormous fraud under economic theory , criminology theory , and two thousand years of life experience . ”
Both Democrats and Republicans , hand in hand with Wall Street Bankers , by repealing the Glass - Steagall Act , and by enacting The Commodity Futures Modernization
Act of 2000 specifically to preclude regulation , caused the current extraordinary depression and crisis by ignoring and acting contrary to this accumulated human wisdom .
Think of this when you evaluate whether their acts were knowing and intentional and whether they are guilty or innocent .
THE INTENTIONAL FRAUD OF THE WALL STREET BANKERS , RATING COMPANIES , AND THEIR CONGRESSIONAL ENABLERS
The legal elements or requirements of the crime or wrong of fraud known to every first year law student are :
1 . An intentional misrepresentation of facts or a false promise
2. Knowledge of falsity
3. Intent to deceive
4. Justifiable and actual reliance on the truth of what was represented or promised
5. Resulting Damage
President Obama is a brilliant lawyer , top of his class at Harvard Law , and a ten year professor of Constitutional Law .
His roots are in Chicago politics .
President Obama clearly knows the elements of fraud .
We know the factual details of the wrongdoing from CNBC ’s video House of Cards where those involved in the fraud at each level made surprisingly candid admissions of what they had done .
At each level , the CEOs involved felt no guilt or responsibility .
They would not have changed their conduct in retrospect Each said he had to do what he did to stay in business and to compete with others who were doing the same thing .
This was the “ justification ” at every level from LA mortgage salesperson , to the bankers , the creators of layers of derivatives and credit default swaps to the raters who gave the derivatives that they knew or should have known were not worth their stated values : AAA ratings .
All of this was happening in the context of congressionally granted exemptions from regulation , and NY Fed President Timothy Geithner ’s failure to supervise and to regulate .
The Wall Street bankers deliberately made and palmed off to others loans that they knew were really bad .
They made them because they were so profitable .
Among themselves , they called them “ liar ’s loans ” because they did not care if borrowers were unqualified and they encouraged them to lie about their incomes .
They created the layers of derivatives based on these pools of liar loans , knowing that they were extremely risky .
They pressured the rating companies to give them AAA ratings , and the rating companies complied “ because the competition was doing it ” when they knew or should have known that the “ securities ” were really not of AAA quality .
Foreign investors , domestic pension fund managers , and foreign governments and banks justifiably relied on the Wall Street banker ’s sales pitch and the AAA ratings .
The AAA rating satisfies the obligation of “ due diligence ” in checking the risk of an investment .
These innocent but sophisticated investors had a right to assume that NY Fed President Timothy Geithner was doing his duty of supervising and regulating .
All of these investors were damaged when the house of cards collapsed .
The investors have been damaged .
We the citizens and voters and generations of our offspring have suffered almost incalculable damage … damage totaling many trillions of dollars that will plague us for generations .
This is the massive Wall Street fraud that President Obama inherited , and is now covering up , and possibly attempting to restart .
PRESIDENT OBAMA IS NOT FAITHFULLY EXECUTING THE LAW REGARDING UNDERCAPITALIZED BANKS
President Obama now has the sworn Presidential duty to “ take care that the laws be faithfully executed . ”
Thus he must “ faithfully ” prosecute financial wrongdoing , avoid conflicts of interest , and specifically , take certain prompt action against wrongdoing Wall Street banks as mandated by the Prompt Corrective Action Law that was enacted just following the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s .
This law is found in Title 12 United States Code beginning at Section 1831 .
There is no exception in the law for “ banks that are too big to fail , ” and no exception for criminal enterprises even if they are large .
Instead of bailing out wrongdoing banks with Trillions of dollars of our money , President Obama is required by federal law to appoint a receiver for the bank within 90 days after it becomes critically undercapitalized .
He must prosecute those bankers who were paid salaries or bonuses while their banks were undercapitalized .
There is no question that they are undercapitalized because they require Trillions just to make them function , without complying with legal standards .
If “ they are too large to fail , ” they have seized way too much private “ mafia - like ” power over all of us .
President Obama can and must follow the law .
OBAMA’S CHOSEN FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC ADVISORS KNOWINGLY DEREGULATED SO AS TO ENABLE THE FRAUD , AND THEN PARTICIPATED IN THE FRAUD AND PROFITED FROM IT
Obama ’ Chief Economic Advisor , Larry Summers one of Clinton ’s Secretaries of the Treasury , and Robert Rubin along with Republican Senator Phil Gramm lead the lobbying effort to repeal the Glass Steagall Act thereby enabling Wall Street Banks to invest in derivatives , hedge funds , and credit default swaps , and permitting Wall Street insurance companies to engage in banking .
Then the same three men , Summers , Rubin , and Gramm together with Alan Greenspan lead the effort to persuade Congress to pass a law in 2000 without debate in either the House or the Senate prohibiting the regulation of these newly enabled Wall Street financial giants .
It is known as The Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 , and is found in Title 7 USC Section 2 .
The exemptions from regulation are found in Sections 2 ( g ) and 2 ( h ) .
President Clinton signed the new law on December 21 , 2000 .
Obama ’s Chief Economic Advisor Larry Summers and his Secretary of Treasury Timothy Geithner both pushed for the enactment of this law which enabled the ensuing fraud involving mortgages and the layers of derivatives that were known to be risky and worthless .
Secretary of Treasury Timothy Geithner , President of the New York division of the Fed where all of the major Wall Street banks are located had the following duties according to its own mission statement :
It is responsible for formulating and executing monetary policy ,
supervising and regulating depository institutions ,
providing an elastic currency ,
assisting the federal government ’s financing operations , and
serving as the banker for the U.S. government .
In addition to paying his own taxes , Timothy Geithner had a public responsibility and duty to all of us .
Timothy Geithner , the man chiefly responsible for avoiding what has happened , instead facilitated the fraud .
He did not supervise and he did not regulate .
PRESIDENT OBAMA IS KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY REWARDING CRIMINALS AND IS COVERING UP WALL STREET BANK CRIMES AND FRAUD
It is a felony for any person including the President of the United States to cover up a crime .
18 USC Section 4 states :
Whoever , having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable by a court of the United States , conceals and does not as soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in civil or military authority under the United States , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years , or both .
Such a cover up is also criminal fraud as defined in 47USC 1001 .
Such a cover up when done by a President , Vice President or a Secretary of Treasury is also a “ high crime and misdemeanor ” warranting impeachment under Article II , Section 4 of our Constitution :
“ The president , vice president and all other civil officers of the United States shall be removed from office on impeachment for , and conviction of …high crimes and misdemeanors . ”
President Obama has also taken the Presidential Oath that he will faithfully execute this cover up avoidance law as well , and not to violate it himself .
80 % of the American people , according to a recent poll believe that Wall Street is crooked and is responsible for our current Depression .
Obama , in a recent speech to Wall Street CEOs telling them to “ cool it ” about justifying their contract rights to bonuses , said
“ My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks . ”
So what is he saying to the 80 % of us potentially holding pitchforks who voted for him ?
In effect , he is saying in his vague , charming , persuasive and hypnotic way : “ I know of no crimes .
I want to look to the future I will not prosecute the bankers .
I will hire them as advisors .
We have nothing to learn from their mistakes .
We together will try to restore lending , and restart the economy as it was . ”
What are President Obama ’s own lawyers , Dawn Johnson Chief of the Office of Legal Counsel and Attorney General Eric Holder advising him ?
Are they , like John Yoo and Michael Mukasey who advised Bush that he could torture , advising Obama that he has the power to ignore the law created exactly for the purpose of dealing with failing banks because of an economic emergency ?
What is brilliant lawyer Obama advising himself ?
Where is there indication of Obama ’s own integrity and inner moral compass ?
WHAT ARE THE CONSEQUENCES FOR US IF OBAMA’S MUTI - TRILLION BAIL OUT OF WALL STREET “ SUCCEEDS ? ”
The most immediate , pressing danger is that it will not work at all .
Obama may not discover this until it is too late to try another solution .
The reason is Obama seeks mainly to restore the lending ability of the Wall Street banks .
That will work only if we are willing to fund our purchases by more borrowing .
We are not .
We will not borrow .
We are too frightened .
The great danger is of a total breakdown of civilized democratic society .
Even if it “ works , ” Obama ’s plan will never succeed for us .
The reasons are :
Obama and his advisors see capitalism as a stable system that only got a little off track due to unfortunate lack of regulation .
It is in fact in deep trouble even aside from the banking problem due to an overproduction of goods and services that can be produced at a profit .
This is the underlying “ systemic defect . ”
Failing to recognize this defect , Obama does nothing to solve it .
Obama aims mainly toward providing more credit , restoring the Wall Street banks ’ ability to lend money .
Obama fails to deal adequately with restoring the purchasing power of consumers from our earned labor .
The inevitable result for us will be a vast inflation of our dollars , so that each dollar buys less and less .
We will be like frogs placed in slowly heating water .
We will notice nothing at first .
The “ water ” will heat slowly until it kills us .
It may ultimately “ succeed ” for the wealthiest 1 % in that they will own all of the land , gold , platinum , silver , and commodities and live in guarded gated castles .
Those of us who survive will do so as feudal serfs who are permitted to share - crop their land .
The result for Obama is that he will lose his bid for re-election in 2012 due to the massive despair and disillusionment of voters .
WHAT COULD OBAMA DO THAT WOULD WORK ?
Although his window of opportunity is very short , if Obama changed course promptly before he has put us many trillions further in debt , there are sound , historically tested things he could do .
They are bold .
They involve a profound change in his analysis of our problem .
He could :
1 Kim Ung - Yong : Attended University at age 4 , Ph.D at age 15 ; world ’s highest IQ
This Korean super - genius was born in 1962 and might just be the smartest guy alive today ( he ’s recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records as having the highest IQ of anyone on the planet ) .
By the age of four he was already able to read in Japanese , Korean , German , and English .
At his fifth birthday , he solved complicated differential and integral calculus problems .
Later , on Japanese television , he demonstrated his proficiency in Chinese , Spanish , Vietnamese , Tagalog , German , English , Japanese , and Korean .
Kim was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records under “ Highest IQ ” ; the book estimated the boy ’s score at over 210 .
Kim was a guest student of physics at Hanyang University from the age of 3 until he was 6 .
At the age of 7 he was invited to America by NASA .
He finished his university studies , eventually getting a Ph.D. in physics at Colorado State University before he was 15 .
In 1974 , during his university studies , he began his research work at NASA and continued this work until his return to Korea in 1978 where he decided to switch from physics to civil engineering and eventually received a doctorate in that field .
Kim was offered the chance to study at the most prestigious universities in Korea , but instead chose to attend a provincial university .
As of 2007 he also serves as adjunct faculty at Chungbuk National University .
2 Gregory Smith : Nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize at age 12
Born in 1990 , Gregory Smith could read at age two and had enrolled in university at 10 .
But “ genius ” is only one half of the Greg Smith story .
When not voraciously learning , this young man travels the globe as a peace and children ’s rights activist .
He is the founder of International Youth Advocates , an organization that promotes principles of peace and understanding among young people throughout the world .
He has met with Bill Clinton and Mikhail Gorbachev and spoke in front of the UN .
For these and other humanitarian and advocacy efforts , Smith has been nominated four times for a Nobel Peace Prize .
His latest achievement ?
He just got his driver license .
3 Akrit Jaswal : The Seven Year - Old Surgeon
Akrit Jaswal is a young Indian who has been called “ the world ’s smartest boy ” and it ’s easy to see why .
His IQ is 146 and is considered the smartest person his age in India — a country of more than a billion people .
Akrit came to public attention when in 2000 he performed his first medical procedure at his family home .
He was seven .
His patient — a local girl who could not afford a doctor — was eight .
Her hand had been burnt in a fire , causing her fingers to close into a tight fist that would n’t open .
Akrit had no formal medical training and no experience of surgery , yet he managed to free her fingers and she was able to use her hand again .
He focused his phenomenal intelligence on medicine and at the age of twelve he claimed to be on the verge of discovering a cure for cancer .
He is now studying for a science degree at Chandigarh College and is the youngest student ever accepted by an Indian University .
4 Cleopatra Stratan : a 3 year old singer who earns 1000 € per song
Clepotra was born October 6 , 2002 in Chisinau , Moldova and is the daughter of Moldovan - Romanian singer , Pavel Stratan .
She is the youngest person ever to score commercial success as a singer , with her 2006 album La vârsta de trei ani ( “ At the age of 3 ” ) .
She holds the record for being the youngest artist that performed live for two hours in front of a large audience , the highest paid young artist , the youngest artist to receive an MTV award and the youngest artist to score a # 1 hit in a country ( “ Ghita ” in Romanian Singles Chart ) .
5 Aelita Andre :
The 2 - year - old artist who showed her paintings in a famous Gallery
The abstract paintings of emerging artist Aelita Andre have people in Australia ’s art world talking .
Aelita is two ( the works were painted when she was even younger ) .
Aelita got an opportunity to show her paintings when Mark Jamieson , the director of Brunswick Street Gallery in Melbourne ’s Fitzroy , was asked by a photographer whose work he represented to consider the work of another artist .
Jamieson liked what he saw and agreed to include it in a group show .
Jamieson then started to promote the show , printing glossy invitations and placing ads in the magazines Art Almanac and Art Collector , featuring the abstract work .
Only then did he discover a crucial fact about the new artist : Aelita Andre is Kalashnikova ’s daughter , and was just 22 months old .
Jamieson was shocked and embarrassed but decided to proceed with the exhibition anyways .
6 Saul Aaron Kripke : Invited to apply for a teaching post at Harvard while still in high school
A rabbi’s son , Saul Aaron Kripke was born in New York and grew up in Omaha in 1940 .
By all accounts he was a true prodigy .
In the fourth grade he discovered algebra , and by the end of grammar school he had mastered geometry and calculus and taken up philosophy .
While still a teenager he wrote a series of papers that eventually transformed the study of modal logic .
One of them earned a letter from the math department at Harvard , which hoped he would apply for a job until he wrote back and declined , explaining , “ My mother said that I should finish high school and go to college first ” .
After finishing high school , the college he eventually chose was Harvard .
Kripke was awarded the Schock Prize , philosophy ’s equivalent of the Nobel .
Nowadays , he is thought to be the world ’s greatest living philosopher .
7 Michael Kevin Kearney : earned his first degree at age 10 and became a reality show Millionaire
24 year - old Michael Kearney became known as the world ’s youngest college graduate at the age of 10 .
In 2008 , Kearney earned $ 1,000,000 on the television game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire
Kearny was born in 1984 and is was known for setting several world records and teaching college at the age of 17 .
He spoke his first words at four months .
At the age of six months , he said to his pediatrician “ I have a left ear infection ” and learned to read at the age of ten months .
When Michael was four , he was given diagnostic tests for the Johns Hopkins precocious math program and achieved a perfect score .
He finished high school at age 6 , enrolled at Santa Rosa Junior College graduating at 10 with an Associate of Science in Geology .
He is listed in the Guinness Book as the world ’s youngest university graduate at the age of 10 , receiving a bachelor ’s degree in anthropology .
For a while , he also held the record for the world ’s youngest postgraduate .
But in 2006 , he became worldwide famous after reaching the finals on the Mark Burnett / AOL quiz / puzzle game Gold Rush , and became the first $ 1 million winner in the online reality game .
8 Fabiano Luigi Caruana : a chess prodigy who became the youngest Grandmaster at age 14
Fabulous Fabiano is a 16 - year - old chess Grandmaster and chess prodigy with dual citizenship of Italy and the United States .
On 2007 Caruana became a Grandmaster at the age of 14 years , 11 months , 20 days – the youngest Grandmaster in the history of both Italy and the United States .
In the April 2009 FIDE list , he has an Elo rating of 2649 , making him the world ’s highest ranked player under the age of 18 .
9 Willie Mosconi : played professional Billiards at age 6
William Joseph Mosconi , nicknamed “ Mr. Pocket Billiards ” was a American professional pocket billiards ( pool ) player from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Willie ’s father owned a pool hall where he was n’t allowed to play , but Willie improvised by practicing with small potatoes from his mother ’s kitchen and an old broomstick .
His father soon realized that his son was a child prodigy began advertising challenge matches , and though Willie had to stand on a box in order to reach the table , he beat experienced players many years his senior .
In 1919 , an exhibition match was arranged between six - year old Willie and the reigning World Champion , Ralph Greenleaf .
The hall was packed , and though Greenleaf won that match , Willie played very well launching his career in professional billiards .
In 1924 , at the tender age of eleven , Willie was the juvenile straight pool champion and was regularly holding trick shot exhibitions .
Between the years of 1941 and 1957 , he won the BCA World Championship of pool an unmatched fifteen times .
Mosconi pioneered and employed numerous trick shots , set many records , and helped to popularize the game of billiards .
He still holds the officially recognized straight pool high run record of 526 consecutive balls .
10 Elaina Smith : youngest agony aunt aged 7
Her local radio station gave her the job after she rang and offered advice to a woman caller who had been dumped .
Elaina ’s tip — go bowling with pals and drink a mug of milk — was so good she got a weekly slot and now advises thousands of adult listeners .
The littler adviser tackles problems ranging from how to dump boyfriends and how to cope with relationship breakdown to dealing with smelly brothers .
When one listener wrote to Elaina asking how to get a man , she replied : “ Shake your booty on the dance floor and listen to High School Musical ” .
Another caller asked how to get her man back , Elaina told her : “ He ’s not worth the heartache .
Life ’s too short to be upset with a boy . ”
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. for decades has generated power for its customers by splitting atoms , burning natural gas and capturing the force of falling water .
More recently , the San Francisco utility began turning to the sun , wind , boiling geysers and even fermented cow manure to produce electricity .
Now , PG&E ; wants to turn to outer space .
A Manhattan Beach start - up called Solaren Corp. seeks to launch an array of giant solar power collectors into orbit 23,000 miles above Fresno and beam the energy to Earth .
PG&E ; has signed a contract to buy the power -- if Solaren can make the technology work .
The proposal is a potential energy game - changer , supporters say .
But , critics dismiss it as pie in the sky .
Advertisement
The scheme highlights a growing dispute as utilities struggle to meet ambitious requirements for energy from renewable sources :
Should electricity come from big , bold projects such as huge desert fields of sunlight - reflecting mirrors or should it come from smaller , close - to - the - user efforts such as rooftop solar panels ?
Should big power companies handle electron delivery or do - it - yourselfers ?
Solaren wo n’t discuss the details or costs of its plan , other than to give a ballpark price tag at more than $ 2 billion , to generate enough electricity for 150,000 homes across much of Northern and Central California .
It has asked utility regulators to keep the information confidential , for now .
But executives say that by 2016 they can put together the technology to harness energy that constantly bathes Earth from 93 million miles away .
“ If our numbers are anywhere near where we think they will be , we will be able to provide power at a cost that ’s comparable with anything on Earth , that is much cleaner and all from space , ” says Gary Spirnak , Solaren ’s chief executive .
Advertisement
Spirnak points to a 2007 study by the National Security Space Office as evidence that a such a space - based power system is feasible :
“ There is enormous potential for energy security , economic development , improved environmental stewardship , advancement of general space faring and overall national security for those nations who construct and possess a space - based solar power capability . ”
He acknowledges that raising more than $ 2 billion during a recession wo n’t be easy , but says having a guaranteed power purchase agreement with PG&E ; should carry some weight with potential investors .
The Public Utilities Commission is reviewing Solaren ’s contract with PG&E ; , a unit of PG&E ; Corp .
Regulators are charged with ensuring that the deal helps the utility meet a requirement to get one - fifth of its power from renewable sources by 2012 .
PG&E ; has asked for a ruling before Oct. 29 .
Advertisement
Consumer advocates and more Earth - bound proponents of renewable energy are extremely skeptical .
California will be unable to meet its looming 20 % renewable energy requirement , let alone a more ambitious 30 % goal by 2030 , if utilities and regulators continually embrace expensive , flashy and unproven technologies , they say .
Policymakers , instead , should stick with reliable alternative sources -- such as geothermal , wind and centralized solar , sunlight concentrated by mirrors -- that have been operating commercially for decades .
“ There are a lot of speculative plays , ” says V. John White , director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technology in Sacramento .
“ We have a lot of PowerPoints floating around that I do n’t think will turn into power plants . ”
The concept behind space - based solar power is simple , Solaren says .
Advertisement
Four or five rocket launches would be needed to put enough solar collectors into a stationary orbit to produce 200 megawatts of power , about half the output of a modern natural - gas - fired plant .
The solar energy would be converted radio waves and beamed to a receiving station in Fresno , leaving unscathed any birds or airplanes that get in the way of the highly diffused beam .
There , it would be converted to either alternating or direct electric current and dispatched to customers via high - voltage transmission lines .
Spirnak acknowledges that nothing on this scale has been attempted , but the basic technology is proven .
Commercial communications satellites have been powered by solar energy for more than four decades .
The satellites use the sun ’s power , available 24 hours a day in space , to make electricity .
The electricity is turned into radio waves to bounce television , telephone and other signals around the globe .
Experience with larger scale , experimental radio transmissions converted to electrical power is limited , PG&E ; wrote in the regulatory filing .
In 1975 , NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory transmitted 34 kilowatts of energy about a mile .
Last year , a former JPL scientist , John Mankins , transmitted a small amount of power generated by ground - based solar cells 92 miles between two Hawaiian islands .
“ The challenge , ” PG&E ; spokesman Jonathan Marshal says , is “ putting enough hardware up in space and doing it economically . ”
Advertisement
Solaren and PG&E ; emphasize that ratepayers wo n’t pay a penny of Solaren ’s costs until the company starts streaming power into their homes and businesses .
PG&E ; is n’t investing in the project up front , agreeing only to buy power once it ’s flowing , common practice in the utility business .
“ There ’s no risk to our customers .
They ’ll pay only for the power that ’s delivered , ” Marshal says .
“ We ’re not investing in the project or paying advance fees . ”
Consumer advocates say they ’re heartened that PG&E ; is n’t asking customers to pay up front for what might turn out to be little more than a science fiction fantasy .
“ We think the chance of this company ever getting this solar farm -- literally and figuratively -- off the ground is quite remote , ” says Mark Toney , executive director of The Utility Reform Network , a San Francisco - based group that monitors investor - owned utilities .
Advertisement
PG&E ; , which gets 12 % of its power from renewable sources , is grandstanding when it touts contracts to buy space power , Toney says .
It should be putting “ more focus into local renewables closer to home , ” such as placing solar panels on the roofs of homes and businesses , he says .
Solaren ’s plan is a “ very serious ” effort to put an admittedly “ trial size ” power plant in space , says Frederick H. Pickel , an energy consultant and engineering economist in Los Angeles .
“ If this works , it changes the whole game , ” he says .
“ If they manage to reduce the cost sufficiently for space - based solar generation , the electric game changes , the natural gas game changes and , perhaps , even the oil game changes . ”
--
Advertisement
marc.lifsher@latimes.com
It may not be a streamlined hybrid , a futuristic electric vehicle or a snazzy biofuel car , but a distinctly boxy diesel Volvo has won What Car ?
magazine 's award for the year 's greenest car .
A small family car with carbon emissions on a par with Toyota 's Prius , the Volvo S40 DRIVe received the award today from London mayor Boris Johnson .
Vauxhall 's Ampera electric car and US electric car - maker Tesla also received awards .
Johnson said : " There are clear incentives for manufacturers to raise the bar higher and higher to design less gas guzzling cars that take hundreds of pounds off consumers ' fuel bills .
This is good for the planet , good for the economy and great for the driver . "
What Car ? editor Steve Fowler said of the winning Volvo : " It 's not just about a low CO2 figure .
The S40 is great to drive , safe , has enough space for the family and , crucially , is cheap to run , too . "
Ford , the US motoring giant which owns Volvo , lost out to Toyota in the battle for trophies between major car manufacturers .
Toyota 's Avensis 2.0 D - 4D ( CO2 emissions of 135 grammes per kilometre ) won the best family car award , while Toyota subsidary Lexus picked up the prize for the greenest 4x4 with a petrol hybrid SUV , the RX450h SE - L ( 148g / km ) .
The winner of the technical award , Vauxhall 's electric Ampera , is expected to debut in its US model the GM Volt in 2010 and arrive in the UK by 2012 .
Vauxhall 's parent company General Motors claims the Ampera will change the image of electric cars by combining a 100 mph top speed with an electric motor capable of driving 40 miles and a petrol engine which can increase the car 's range to several hundred miles .
Most of today 's production electric cars , such as the G - Wiz , have a range of less than 100 miles .
Two notable omissions from the winners ' list were Honda 's hybrid Insight — which is the same size as the Volvo S40 DRIVe but has lower emissions — and the next generation Prius , which is set to go on sale later this summer .
Fowler warned the recession had made cars ' environmental credentials a low priority for consumers .
" Green issues are still a hot topic , but it 's fair to say that they are not right at the top of car buyers ' priorities at the moment .
It 's just as well then , that green cars will save you plenty of cash at the fuel pumps and will likely be worth more than other cars when you come to sell . "
The winners :
Supermini
Fiat 500 Start &Stop £ 9,700 , 113g/ km , 58.9mpg
Small family car
Volvo S40 1.6D DRIVe S £ 17,495 , 104g/ km , 72.4mpg
Family car
Toyota Avensis 2.0 D- 4D T2 £ 17,545 , 135g/ km , 55.4mpg
Executive car
BMW 318d ES £ 24,235 , 123g/ km , 60.1mpg
MPV
Citroën Grand C4 Picasso 1.6 HDi £ 19,095 , 140g/ km , 53.3mpg
4X4
Lexus RX450h SE - L £ 50,460 , 148g/ km , 44.8mpg
Sports car
Mini Cooper S £ 16,575 , 149g/ km , 45.6 mpg
Luxury car
Audi A8 2.8 V6 FSI SE £ 49,970 , 199g/ km , 34.0mpg
Technology
Vauxhall Ampera
Editor 's award
Tesla
Video : Griffin egged at press conference Press Association
The BNP leader Nick Griffin was forced to abandon a press conference outside parliament today after protesters pelted him with eggs .
The demonstrators shouted " Off our streets , Nazi scum " and chased him down the street to his car .
Griffin , who was elected an MEP for north - west England on Sunday , was bundled into his car by his bodyguards and quickly drove off .
Having arrived for the press conference , on College Green in front of parliament , just after 2.30 pm with fellow BNP MEP Andrew Brons , he began by attacking articles from today 's newspapers criticising him and his party .
He had been speaking for only a few minutes when the protesters appeared , chanting and waving banners reading " Stop the fascist BNP " .
They threw eggs at Griffin , whose bodyguards quickly took him away through the crowd .
The demonstrators kicked and hit his car with their placards before cheering as he drove off .
Weyman Bennett , the protest organiser and national secretary of Unite Against Fascism , said he believed it was important to stand up to the BNP .
" The majority of people did not vote for the BNP .
They did not vote at all , " he said .
" The BNP was able to dupe them into saying that they had an answer to people 's problems .
They presented themselves as a mainstream party .
The reality was , because the turnout was so low , they actually got elected . "
Sarah Kavanagh , the Public and Commercial Services Union 's national co-ordinator for its " make your vote count " campaign , was another of the protesters .
" Britain in two places has sent the far right to be with Europe .
They clearly do n't speak on behalf of the community and their views are abhorrent , " she said .
Scotland Yard said two people were taken to hospital after the protest .
A spokeswoman said officers had received an allegation of common assault and were investigating reports of a road collision , but would not give further details .
Griffin later accused the three main parties of organising the protest to stop his party getting its message across .
Griffin claims the BNP is not racist , even though it restricts membership to " indigenous British ethnic groups deriving from the class of ' Indigenous Caucasian ' " .
Asked yesterday how he could tell who qualified as British , Griffin said : " You just look and you just know . "
Brons , the MEP for the Yorkshire and Humber region , told Sky news indigenous Britons were " the people of this country who were descended from people who were in this country , say , from the period after the second world war , when the country was relatively homogenous . "
All mainstream parties united in condemning the BNP after the party won two seats in the European parliament .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , said yesterday the result was " desperately depressing " and the main parties had to win back those who had voted for the far - right party .
" What the mainstream parties have to do is prove their worth – get on the doorstep , explain to people how we are going to take up their concerns , how we are going to respond to their issues , " he said .
" That is the way to beat these dreadful people . "
Peter Hain , the newly appointed Welsh secretary , said : " It 's a shameful stain on Britain that we now have racists and fascists representing our country .
It is vital that everyone now isolates and confronts the BNP and works with United Against Fascism to defeat them . "
The BNP is to hold a press conference in Manchester tomorrow .
Much like comics themselves , erotic art is often dismissed in the mainstream as low - brow and trashy .
Well , it 's time to throw your taboos out the windows , because like any genre , the art of making things sexy has some pretty sublime and beautiful moments -- just check out the gorgeous and highly pornographic " Lost Girls " by " Watchmen " creator Alan Moore if you do n't believe me .
And he 's not alone -- some of the biggest and most - respected artists and creators in comics have tried their hand at pin-ups or straight - up pornography over the years .
Chris Sims of the Invincible Super - Blog even made a list .
SECRET IDENTITY :
Archivist Craig
Yoe recently released a book of fetish art from Superman co-creator Joe Shuster called " Secret Identity , " which stands out not just for its BDSM themes , but the fact that pretty much everyone in it looks EXACTLY like Superman and Lois Lane .
And occasionally Perry White , which is just weird .
LOST GIRLS :
One of the best known erotic comics of all time , Alan Moore and Melinda Gebbie 's " Lost Girls " centers on Wendy from Peter Pan , Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz and Alice from Alice in Wonderland discussing their sexual adventures , which makes it the all - girl " League of Extraordinary Gentlemen " of porn .
DAN DECARLO PIN - UPS :
Among comics fans , Dan DeCarlo is best known as the defining artist for " Archie " and the creator of Josie and the Pussycats and Cheryl Blossom , which casts the pin-up work he did for men's magazines in a whole new light -- especially since his subjects often look like very , VERY grown - up versions of Betty and Veronica .
JACK COLE PIN - UPS :
In a similar vein , Jack Cole , the revolutionary creator of Plastic Man whose comics are often cited alongside Will Eisner 's as being years ahead of their time , also did his share of pinups and gag strips for Playboy and other men's mags of the ' 50s , working under the pseudonym " Jake . "
SMALL FAVORS :
Colleen Coover is currently enjoying well - deserved success as one of the most popular artists for Marvel 's kid-friendly titles , which -- considering that her breakout hit " Small Favors " was a " girly porno comic " about a nymphomaniac and the size - changing embodiment of her own conscience that was equal parts dirty jokes , sweet romance and hardcore girl - on - girl action -- is a pretty neat trick .
THE ROCKETEER :
While nowhere near the actual pornography of " Lost Girls " or " Small Favors , " the love interest of Dave Stevens ' Rocketeer introduced a whole new generation of comics readers to ' 40s pinup queen Bettie Page .
EMPOWERED :
In what has to be the best / worst / best again origin story of all time , Adam Warren 's " Empowered " came about when the popular artist of " The Dirty Pair " ( a comic about two girls in metal bikinis blowing things up ) was commissioned to draw a super - heroine with an easily - shredded costume in bondage , and ended up creating an entire world built around a neurotic aspiring heroine with an ironic name and one of the most romantic relationships in comics , all while keeping things as adult as you can possibly get without any actual nudity .
In what has to be the best / worst / best again origin story of all time , Adam Warren 's " Empowered " came about when the popular artist of " The Dirty Pair " ( a comic about two girls in metal bikinis blowing things up ) was commissioned to draw a super - heroine with an easily - shredded costume in bondage , and ended up creating an entire world built around a neurotic aspiring heroine with an ironic name and one of the most romantic relationships in comics , all while keeping things as adult as you can possibly get without any actual nudity .
ELEMENTALS :
In what was undoubtedly Dr. Wertham 's worst nightmare , the Elementals ( by future " Fables " creator Bill Willingham ) were a super - team that would occasionally just take a few issues off to get it on .
And let 's be honest here , if Marvel had done that with the X - Men in the early '90s , they 'd STILL be counting the money .
R. CRUMB
One of the leaders of the underground comix movement of the ' 60s -- and its often racy comics -- R. Crumb made his sexual fantasies and the very voluptuous women they involved an integral part of his work .
A collection called " R. Crumb 's Sex Fantasies " sums it up pretty succinctly .
He called it a " creative catharsis , " we just call it hot .
XXXENOPHILE :
Cartoonist Phil Foglio might be best known for his long - running webcomic " Girl Genius , " but his self - published " XXXenophile " -- known both for its humor and its truly bizarre couplings that featured cyborgs , demons , aliens , dryads , at least one were - panther and the occasional centaur -- featured a Who 's Who of comics creators with contributions from John Workman , " TMNT " co-creator Kevin Eastman , and even Adam Hughes .
HERICANE :
And speaking of Hughes , it might not come as much of a surprise that one of the first jobs for the current king of " good girl " art was drawing " Hericane " for Penthouse Comix , a series about a heroine who gained her powers from , and we are not making this up , " a combination of a TNT explosion and oral sex . "
Aside from a plaque that reads “ Planetarium , ” you would hardly be able to tell that inside this seemingly cozy Dutch house lives the oldest accurate moving model of our solar system .
What ’s even harder to believe is that the model , known as an “ orrery ” and built in 1781 , is still functioning to this day !
Eise Eisinga , a wool comber and amateur astronomer living in Franeker , Netherlands , decided to build the model in 1774 after an alignment of the planets earlier that year induced mass panic among the Dutch .
People were terrified that a planetary collision was imminent .
Eisinga hoped his model would help prove that nothing of the sort was going to happen .
The model was built from oak wood , nine weights , a pendulum clock , and over 10,000 hand - forged nails .
Each planet continues to orbit the sun at an appropriate speed ( i.e. , earth , once a year ; Saturn , every 29 years ) .
The museum is also home to a variety of old astronomical instruments , as well as modern - day stargazing equipment .
Dem strategist : GOP needs ' ideological vasectomy '
RAW STORY
Published : Thursday March 12 , 2009
Print This Email This Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis thinks the Republican party must undergo a painful and potentially dangerous and irreversible procedure to prevent itself from reproducing .
Or , something like that .
Calling for a GOP " ideological vasectomy " on Thursday night 's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , the occasional Hill pundit blogger seemingly felt those words needed a little extrapolation , so he took to the Internet the following morning .
" Yes , it s time for Republicans , if they want to survive as a viable political party , to cut off the far - right voices like Rush Limbaugh and Tom DeLay , move their party more to the left ( or in their case , closer to the center ) , and come up with real ideas and solutions that dont make the American people think that Republicans are completely out of touch with reality or living in an alternative universe , " he wrote on The Hill 's pundit blog .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Mar. 11 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
David Edwards contributed to this report .
####
Excerpts from Kofinis ' post :
Of course , I dont expect the Republican Party to do any of this .
In fact , I know that the leaders of the Republican Party will do the exact opposite .
And , in so doing , I foresee three scenarios for the Republican Party in the coming years .
1 . The party changes and starts to become more moderate , seeks bipartisan solutions and becomes a party of new ideas ( ZERO chance of this happening ) ;
2. or , within the next four years , the Republican Party splinters into two factions , one far - right and the other one center - right ( 5 percent chance of this happening ) ;
3. or the leaders of the Republican Party , top to bottom , will wake up every morning , turn on the radio , listen to make sure that they didnt cross Rush , and then these Limbaugh Republican clones will hit the airwaves and spread the word and advice of Rush Limbaugh ( 95 percent chance of this happening ) .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Ray Kurzweil , America ’s most visible futurist , has been in the news a lot lately .
He ’s the subject of a new documentary film , “ Transcendent Man “ , and he ’s recently launched Singularity University , dedicated to combining and furthering the fields he believes will be key to our exponential trajectory toward becoming one with our computers , an event commonly referred to as the technological singularity .
Kurzweil is generally respected for his inventions ( you ’ve seen the synthesizers ) and for his keen prognostication ( fall of the Soviet Union , victory of Deep Blue ) .
His views on aging , however , make many scientists uneasy , and might stir fear in anyone eager to gamble away their now possibly never - ending youth .
Specifically , he believes that immortality will be possible in our lifetime via the following roadmap :
1. Live to 2045 however you can .
Kurzweil , who would be in his late 90s at that point , takes 150 supplements each day to “ reprogram his biochemistry ” , slowing the aging process as much as possible .
2. Within a few decades , nanotechnology will be advanced enough to halt or reverse aging and treat most of the afflictions that have death as a side effect .
3. Around 2045 , computers will be completely integrated with and within us , making us immortal .
Having access to their binary innards , they will be able to improve on their own designs , causing technological progress to explode .
What do you think : underestimated visionary or kook living out a very public midlife crisis ?
[ poll id =6 ]
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Senior police and press officers are under investigation after complaints they deliberately misled the public over the death of Ian Tomlinson during the G20 protests .
In a move that escalated the controversy around police involvement in Tomlinson 's death last month , the Independent Police Complaints Commission announced today it had launched a new inquiry into " media handling " by the Metropolitan police and City of London police .
The announcement followed a complaint by Tomlinson 's family last week about information released by police about his death .
The investigation could result in disciplinary action for misconduct or criminal charges .
" Not only the Tomlinson family , but also many members of the public and MPs , have raised with us concerns about whether the police either misinformed the public about the circumstances of Mr Tomlinson 's death or failed to correct misinformation about how he died , " said IPCC deputy chair Deborah Glass .
" I have therefore decided that not only will we investigate the family 's specific complaint about the content and timing of the [ Met 's ] media communications on the night of 1 April , but that we should also seek to determine , as far as practicable , the state of knowledge that both the Metropolitan and City of London police had about any police contact with Ian Tomlinson between 1 April and 7 April 2009 . "
Sources with detailed knowledge of the investigation said the IPCC is also questioning whether City of London police may have deliberately withheld crucial information from the watchdog .
The IPCC was first told of potential contact between police and Tomlinson on 3 April , 48 hours after the death .
However , the Guardian has seen a confidential police document which suggests City of London police knew about potentially violent contact with Tomlinson the previous day .
The City of London police memo , marked " Restricted Investigation " and written at 5.02 pm on 2 April , acknowledged the existence of a " series of photos " of Tomlinson .
The memo was referring to four images , all of which showed Tomlinson at the feet of riot officers at the Royal Exchange , where it later emerged he was struck with a baton and pushed to the floor .
The IPCC will now consider a series of statements and briefings by police in the days after Tomlinson died near the Bank of England on 1 April at around 7.30 pm .
Four hours later , at 11.36 pm , the Met released a statement announcing the death , which included the claim that officers giving Tomlinson treatment were impeded by protesters throwing missiles , believed to be bottles .
The Met 's allegation was strongly denied by several protesters who went to Tomlinson 's aid and called an ambulance .
Later , the Met said it had not " deliberately misled " the media about the death .
Concerns have also been raised about informal guidance given to journalists , who were briefed by police that Tomlinson 's family were " not surprised " he had died .
The family deny having said that .
City of London police will be investigated over a statement released about the first postmortem into Tomlinson 's death , which said he " suffered a sudden heart attack while on his way home from work " , but did not mention that the pathologist had found injuries to his body and a substantial amount of blood in his stomach .
Around the same time , a City of London police officer is understood to have told members of the Tomlinson family that Tomlinson 's arteries were clogged and the death was an accident waiting to happen , but made no mention of other injuries .
A second postmortem concluded Tomlinson died of internal bleeding .
The Met officer shown in the footage attacking Tomlinson , who has been suspended and questioned on suspicion of manslaughter , has not released the details of a third postmortem conducted on his request .
Yesterday , the officer 's lawyer would not comment on speculation that the third postmortem , like the second , indicated that bleeding in Tomlinson 's abdomen led to his death .
Meanwhile , the Inquirer ( the legit one , not the " National " one ) takes a slightly more gossipy angle by looking at the reactions of executives at Intel 's chief rival , AMD .
Needless to say , the reactions were generally positive , ranging from mild schadenfreude to " PWNED ! "
The Register investigates the ramifications of the suit , noting that it may spark a run of civil suits against the reeling chip giant .
In the US , ISPs and companies that provide hosting services have a degree of protection from being held legally responsible for the actions of their users .
These " safe harbor " provisions do n't exist in the legal codes of other countries , however , leaving the local branches of US companies at risk of legal action .
Google India found itself in precisely this situation , as it was the target of legal action by an Indian cardiologist who claims he was defamed by posts hosted on Google 's Blogger service .
The Indian branch of the search giant is trying to defend itself from these charges by claiming that it has nothing to do with the US - based blogger service .
The trouble apparently started when someone used Blogger to post a number of inflammatory claims about Dr. Ashwin Mehta , who is a cardiologist at Mumbai 's Jaslok Hospital .
These apparently included specific allegations that Dr. Mehta engaged in both professional and financial misconduct .
Mehta responded by filing a suit in which , according to the Mumbai Mirror , he claimed he has suffered " incalculable harm and injury to my name , fame , standing and reputation . "
Nevertheless , some sort of calculation was made , as Mehta sought financial damages in addition to having the posts removed .
Mehata won his first round in court , and the posts have since vanished from Blogger .
Nevertheless , Google India appealed the verdict , and got to make its first arguments in court on Monday .
The relevant section of Indian legal code is apparently contained in the IT Act of 2008 , which prohibits people from using computers to transmit " any information which he knows to be false , but for the purpose of causing annoyance , inconvenience , danger , obstruction , insult , injury , criminal intimidation , enmity , hatred or ill will . "
There 's not much room for safe harbor there , although other reports suggest companies acting as intermediaries have been granted some protection .
It appears that Google India 's lawyers are trying out two arguments .
The first of these is simply claiming that policing content on Blogger is practically impossible , given that it fields 2.5 million words a minute .
But the potentially more interesting one is that Google India has essentially nothing to do with the Blogger service , which is run from servers residing in the US .
In essence , any issue regarding the contents of a post hosted there is governed by the service agreement between Blogger and the individual user , which Google India is n't a party to .
Google is n't the only company to try out this defense in India , but it would seem to suggest a certain degree of hypocrisy on the part of Google .
Apparently , its local subsidiaries are willing to shift the blame when it comes to actions by private citizens , while cooperating when a degree of censorship is the price of doing business in places like China .
Thirst for Profit : Corporate Control of Water in Latin America
- What is called for is an international code for the public ’s access to a guaranteed supply of water as a basic human right .
The Corporate Crusade to Commodify Water
Water has been characterized as the oil of the 21st century .
Blue gold .
It is essential to life , and yet humanity faces a growing water crisis as a result of severe mismanagement in water and sanitation , which will be exponentially exacerbated in the coming decades by population growth combined with declining resources .
Latin America has the greatest income disparity in the world and the population ’s access to water reflects this inequality .
Over 130 million people living in the region do not have access to potable water in their homes , and sanitation is in even poorer condition , as it is estimated that only one in six persons has adequate sanitation services .
1
According to the 2007 Annual Report from the nonprofit organization Water For People , “ Every day , nearly 6,000 people who share our world die from water - related illnesses – more than 2 million each year – and the vast majority of these are children …
There are more lives lost each year to water - related illnesses than to natural disasters and wars combined . ”
2
It is clear that lack of access to clean water is a serious issue , one that has only started to gain international attention from a variety of organizations in recent years .
The Fifth World Water Forum took place in Istanbul , Turkey , from March 16 - 22 , 2009 , with over 25,000 people attending , representing 182 countries .
The World Water Forum , the largest water policy event in the world , is held every three years .
It is organized by the World Water Council , a private think - tank based in Marseille , France .
The People ’s Water Forum , a global water justice movement which has referred to the World Water Forum as “ false ” and “ corporate driven , ” also gathered in Istanbul to protest the Fifth World Water Forum .
In the People ’s Water Forum Declaration , they sharply criticize the World Water Forum , stating that it is motivated by private interests and attempts to create the misleading illusion of an utterly false global consensus on water management .
The Declaration also asks that the next water forum be organized by the UN General Assembly , calls for water to be defined as a human right , and denounces all forms of privatization and commercialization of water and sanitation services .
Joining the discussion , the International Water Forum , a by - invitation - only Forum sponsored by the United Nations Institute for Training and Research ( UNITAR ) , the City of Atlanta Department of Watershed Management , and CIFAL Atlanta will be held on July 9 - 10 of this year to discuss global water scarcity as well as methods for establishing a sustainable water supply .
The struggle over water is certainly not a new phenomenon .
Wide - scale water privatization began in the 1990s and was often stipulated as a condition for assistance from international financial aid institutions , primarily the World Bank and the Inter - American Development Bank .
Since then , there has been ongoing conflict over water management , with Latin America at the center of many of the models for resistance and restructuring .
These water - related conflicts , popularly referred to as “ water wars , ” gained international attention a decade ago .
The expulsion of water giant Bechtel by the citizens of the Bolivian city Cochabamba marked the beginning of a greater resistance to water privatization and commercialization in Latin America .
Given the failures of privatization and neoliberal policies in Latin America , it should not come as a surprise that the people are objecting to the commodification of this basic human need .
Privatization and Commercialization
It is worth noting that privatization and commercialization are distinct processes when discussing their implementation in Latin America .
Privatization connotes reorganization and management from a source other than the public sector , and can involve a spectrum of private occupation .
Commercialization entails the introduction of management institutions , such as free market competition ( albeit simulated , in this case ) into the process .
However , privatization and commercialization are frequently concurrent processes , as was the case in Cochabamba .
There are only a few arguments commonly employed to defend water privatization in Latin America .
The primary justification is that the governments of one of these countries have previously failed to adequately provide water , either because of incompetence or corruption .
Organizations like the World Bank , which frequently finance privatization projects , dogmatically believe that the open market is more efficient at resource management than the state because the government is “ overextended . ” 3
Furthermore , they think that the competition in private sector development will lead to higher quality and lower cost services .
Another common rationale is that making water into a commercial good – thus assigning monetary value to water – makes consumers less likely to waste it .
According to this argument , the commercialization of water would prevent its overuse .
These assumptions , however , are problematic .
The postulation that competition is an inherent element of privatization is misguided .
In fact , the corporate monopoly on water in Latin America is part of the reason that prices have been high and quality has been low .
It could be wiser to address the concern about wasting water through an expansive educational program that encompasses both fundamental health issues regarding drinking water and sanitation , and information about the importance as well as preferred methods of water conservation .
Another possible solution is through government regulation , which could be more effective if it were done transparently and involved community participation .
The state could potentially utilize subsidies , a water tax or a credit to promote the sustainable use of water .
The greatest problem with the mindset behind privatization is that while it considers water a human need , it is not deemed a human right , which essentially denies the universal right to life .
Regardless , the fact is that Latin American countries that have experienced privatization of their water supply have seen little improvement , and in most cases water supply and quality have declined .
Bolivia ’s Water War
Bolivia is the classic example of a situation in which the water privatization and commercialization process was disastrous .
Two concessions to private , corporate control in Bolivia – part of a condition of a World Bank loan of US $ 20 million to the Bolivian government in 1997 – have now been rejected through popular uprisings .
The first was in Cochabamba in 2000 against Aguas de Tunari , a subsidiary of the enormous U.S. - based Bechtel Corporation ( which was the only bidder ) .
The second uprising occurred in La Paz / El Alto , where a subsidiary of the French company Suez , called Aguas de Illimani S.A. ( AISA ) , was thrown out in 2005 .
In Cochabamba , after Bechtel was installed , it quickly raised rates by an average of 35 % ( and in some cases as much as 200 % ) , which was far outside the budget of the city ’s poor and would have left many without access to water .
Licenses were even required for individuals to collect rainwater from their roofs , and people were charged for water taken from their own wells .
Protests escalated to the point that the Bolivian government declared a state of martial law , and eventually the company was forced to abandon their operations in the country .
Supporters of privatization in Bolivia argue that these tariff increases were necessary to improve the existing infrastructure and expand the service area .
Furthermore , some have suggested that antecedent economic and social factors , such as political corruption and pre-existing anti-privatization public sentiment , contributed to the tinderbox complexity of the situation in Cochabamba and were responsible for the failure of water privatization .
After Bechtel was driven out by public outrage , the international attention given to Cochabamba ’s “ Water War ” faded , although problems still remained .
Marcela Olivera , the Latin American Coordinator of Food and Water Watch ’s Water for All Campaign , writes that ,
“ the other battle that ’s still going on , that we ’re fighting now in the form of the struggle over water rights , has to do with our not being able to put together an effective , participatory popular alternative with social controls to serve as a counter to privatization , to private control of resources .
This is a battle that ’s still being waged in Cochabamba , but it ’s less romantic and not so easy to talk about , because there are a lot of problems with the water company .
Things have not been resolved now that the company has been reclaimed .
I think this is where the true work lies – - work that is harder , unrecognized , and still involves an entrenched battle . ”
4
The withdrawal of Bechtel left SEMAPA , Bolivia ’s municipal water service , in charge of distribution .
This service was also inadequate and left the poorer southern districts without water .
After Evo Morales was elected in 2005 , in part due to the social protest ignited by the Cochabamba incident , he created a Ministry of Water in Bolivia with the goal of achieving equal and universal access to water .
While Bolivia has approved a new constitution that considers water a fundamental right and bans private appropriation , little progress has been made towards the country ’s goal , as only US $ 800,000 was appropriated for the water budget in 2008.5
Models for Change : Bolivia , Venezuela , and Peru
The town of Sebastian Pagador , in southern Bolivia , has become an example of community - based innovation .
In 1990 , they formed a collective called APAAS ( Association of Production and Administration of Water and Sanitation ) , in which the 390 families in the area formed a committee , and every member family had the monthly responsibility of digging six meters and paying one boliviano for supplies .
By 1993 they had built an entire distribution system .6
It was a long and rigorous process , but today , around 600 houses in the area have access to potable water seventeen hours a day , and each household only has to pay US $ 3 a month .
7
The members of the water collective are proud of their ability to provide service from a system they built by hand , but also of their management style that gives control to the people rather than to administrators .
There are , however , still issues with this system .
Financial restrictions make it impossible for them to expand to meet increased demand , they have not been able to construct a water treatment system , and the wells that they currently use are expected to dry up in approximately a decade .
8
Venezuela provides another case study of effective restructuring of water management .
Mariela Cruz Salazar of the Technical Water Committee in Camancitos , Venezuela discusses Venezuela ’s alternative for community management .
The Venezuelan government created “ technical water committees ” and “ community water councils ” where all of the technical water committees can meet to discuss their problems and ideas .
The government helps to finance these projects , and has educated people in environmental issues and in the conservation and administration of water .
If an issue concerning water arises in the community , a citizen ’s assembly convenes to discuss the problem and then communicates with the State Institute for Water Resources .
Together , Water Resources and the community plan and prepare future projects .
Salazar writes that , “ We ’re managing the water as an organized community , not just by receiving the water , but by training the community in how to use it rationally and conserve it for the future . ” 9
Although the figures are debatable ( the WHO / UNICEF Joint Monitoring Program and the Andean Development Corporation [ CAF ] project lower estimates ) , the Ministry of Environment says that in 2008 , 93 percent of the population had access to water supply and sanitation .
This would mean that Venezuela is one of the few places to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals for water and sanitation .10
The circumstances in Peru are very similar to those in many other Latin American countries .
In 1992 , their constitution was modified so that the country ’s resources and production were open to multinational corporations and a neoliberal economic agenda .
Although they managed to stop water privatization in 2006 , Peru continues to struggle with creating an alternative proposal and implementing a system that guarantees more permanent rights to water .
Although coverage of the recent protests that began in early April and the violent conflict that occurred on June 5th has focused on the issues of new laws , free trade , and the extraction of oil and natural gas , water is also an important part of this conflict .
The series of laws approved by President Alan Garcia would remove indigenous control of land and natural resources .
It would also likely lead to substantial amounts of development in the rainforest .
According to Reuters reporter Dana Ford , “ Law 29833 creates new public agencies to oversee water management and distribution .
Small farmers fear the changes will drive up costs , reduce their access to water while giving more of it to corporate growers , and eventually lead to the privatization of the water agencies .
” 11 Additionally , deforestation that would be part of development in the rainforest contributes to flooding , droughts and the melting of glaciers as a result of global warming .
This environmental perspective that is brought to the water issue is distinctive .
Nelly Avendaño of the Front for the Defense of Water , in Peru ’s Junín region , expresses a remarkably comprehensive understanding of the necessary action which must be taken :
“ …it ’s a question of maintaining , conserving and protecting our water sources , of providing drinking water that is safe for human consumption , of modernizing agricultural irrigation methods .
Ultimately , all this needs to be followed by the construction of water treatment plants for sewage and wastewater , so that this develops its own cycle and is converted into clean water for agricultural or industrial use .
If our policies do n’t integrate the issues of water resources , sanitation , and the environment into one , then the system will undoubtedly continue to fail us .
” 12
The Front for the Defense of Water recognizes that the privatization of water is a complex issue , which concerns both environmental sustainability and the natural rights of humankind .
Turning the Tide
Civil society has made strides against the runaway process of privatization and commercialization of water , but there is a formidable challenge ahead .
While transnational companies have experienced setbacks in their attempts to privatize water in Latin America , they have had to change their strategy , but privatization still persists in the region .
Since privatization has become such an anathema , corporations use different terms to describe their ventures .
The appropriation of a territory or bioregion , as is the case in Peru , allows for control over the resources in that area .
Large companies , with total engineering capacities at hand , can divert whole rivers as part of their production projects , or end up making water unusable for local inhabitants , which essentially is privatization , but through contamination .
Bottling water and monopolizing technology for extraction and purification are other forms of privatizing water and vending it to the highest bidder .13
In addition to using these methods to gain control of water , corporations normally see to it that they benefit from the wording and intent of free trade agreements .
NAFTA considers water to be an “ investment , ” the WTO General Agreement on Trade in Services and the proposed FTAA call it a “ service , ” and in both NAFTA and the WTO it is regarded as a “ good . ”
Privatizing and commercializing water guarantees that the focus on its management and distribution will be profit , not what is best for people or , for that matter , the planet .
Profits from the bottled water industry are so high that the infrastructure necessary to provide the world ’s population with potable water could be created by applying the profits accumulated over just one year .
14 The US$ 100 billion that people spent on bottled water in 2005 is three times what would be needed to achieve the UN goal of making water available to everyone by 2015.15
The terrible situation that the lack of a proper water supply and sanitation creates for so many is avoidable and , as of now , is largely a product of poor resource management .
A NACLA report by Maude Barlow and Tony Clark states that , “ While the region ’s available resources could provide each person with close to 110 , 500 cubic feet of water every year , the average resident has access to only 1,010 cubic feet per year .
This compares to North America ’s annual average of 4,160 cubic feet and Europe ’s 2,255.6 .
”16
To ensure equality , water must be considered a human right and not just a need , privilege or commodity .
However , the issue requires a broader vision that goes beyond simply an evaluation of the failures of privatization and includes a consideration of alternatives .
The community - based programs that have included village - based education have been very successful in making water available to the communities they serve .
While this is a valuable model , it has limitations when applied in bigger cities .
Even though there have been problems with government management in the past , advocates of public access insist that privatization is not the answer .
A water management system that includes public and community cooperation has great potential when combined with a more comprehensive educational program and increased transparency .
However , the focus must shift to include not only alternative models , but also preventative planning .
As the world population increases and water sources grow more scarce , the World Bank expects that by 2025 , more than two - thirds of humanity will not have a reliable source of potable water , and adequate sanitation will probably become even less common .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts that the figure of those without water in Latin America would include somewhere between 7 million and 77 million people .
17
The growing movement surrounding water rights must tackle these predictions by addressing the less immediate , yet equally important concerns of restructuring agriculture and irrigation , minimizing pollution , and working to protect the environment before providing this vital resource becomes an issue of true scarcity rather than mismanagement , as now is the case .
Reference List
Mercedes - Benz E-class
One definitely needed to purchase a Mercedes - Benz S - class to find out all about its technical features until now , but it ’s not so anymore as almost all the technical features have been loaded in the 2010 E - class Mercedes that could be seen only in the S - class luxury sedan .
To keep the car quite impressive and straight , it houses lane - departure , warning signals , drowsy - driver detection , ability to identify pedestrian , intelligent lighting and adaptive cruise control .
Mercedes - Benz director , Thomas Weber says about it that : “ With its high tech features and exceptional looks , it is , indeed , a vehicle that seems a nice combination of brain and beauty . ”
Besides , Attention Assist , you will find Distronic adaptive cruise control , it houses Pre-safe braking system to monitor the awareness of drivers and their steering sensors can find out whether the driver is going to doze or not .
If it happens , the driver gets a warning from visual and audible detectors .
There are cameras in the lane departure warning system that identifies unintentional drifts as well as lane markings .
It also improves driver correction through game - controller for steering wheel vibration and rumble strips .
Its Adaptive Highbeam Assist utilizes the same cameras for adjusting high - beam headlights at the time of detecting coming vehicles and taillights the vehicles ahead .
There is radar to know about the vehicles in Blind Spot Assist and it offers audible and visual cues for this purpose .
Night View Assist has been taken from the S - class , but it includes camera to detect pedestrian and to find out about the potential hurdles , but there is a negative point of it , as you the view has been provided on the central stack screen unlike S - class where it has been provided on the instrument panel .
The driver has to look away from the road to read the monitor .
When it comes to efficient gasoline engine tech , the thing that has been offered in European models could n’t be seen in the US market till now even for some time .
There are V6 and V8 direct - injection gasoline engines in the E- classes for European markets while in the United States they will run on 5.5 liter , V8 that is capable of producing 382 - hp and 391 - lb - ft torque .
A bill that would have decriminalized the possession of small amounts of marijuana is effectively dead after it was filibustered by a key opponent in the Senate Finance Committee Tuesday .
With an early afternoon deadline for committee action Tuesday , Sen. Toni Boucher ( R - New Canaan ) railed against the bill until the deadline had passed .
" This legislative body is proposing to take a substance that is proven to be unhealthy and dangerous and illegal -- schedule one drug , still so at the federal level -- putting us in direct contrast .
And slap the hand of one who uses it just like another parking ticket , " Boucher said .
" This is just a minor step in a long progression , " she added , calling marijuana a gateway drug .
The bill , SB 349 would have made the possession of less than an ounce of marijuana an infraction with a maximum $ 250 fine .
It was supported by the legislature 's Democratic leadership and the advocacy groups Efficacy and A Better Way Foundation .
While the bill appeared poised to pass last week , Boucher garnered some sympathy and attention after an officer in the newly formed Connecticut state NORML chapter got himself arrested for allegedly threatening her in an email message .
Chapter vice - president Dominic Vita , a 28 - year - old veteran of the Iraq war who testified in favor of the bill earlier this year , sent an e-mail in which he said he was about to " go postal " on Boucher .
He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges Friday .
While national NORML quickly closed down the Connecticut chapter , the incident had fellow Republicans rallying to Boucher 's defense .
Connecticut NORML did not play a leading role in pushing for marijuana reform in the state -- it was only a month old -- but the incident was grist for the media mill over the weekend .
In comments posted to a local talk show host 's blog , family members of Vita said he showed " poor judgment " in venting his feelings in that manner in an e-mail , but criticized the media 's portrayal of it .
Vita intended the e-mail to go to a friend and colleague , they explained , but accidentally used " reply " instead of " forward , " sending it to the state 's legislative " bill - tracker " reporting service instead .
The e-mail was written in reaction to an unfavorable amendment Boucher had filed to the decrim bill , which Vita felt would prevent patients from benefiting from it .
The staff person who received the e-mail forwarded it to the Capitol Police .
The talk show host , Shelly Sindland , wrote that she was " shocked " and that Vita had been " very articulate and polite " when he appeared on her show .
* Software provides preview of recoverable database objects after repair .
Access Database Repair Tool
Stellar Repair for Access tool fixes corruption by repairing errors in the binary file format of your database .
The software can quickly resolve minor database corruption that causes random errors or a case of major corruption wherein your Access database becomes completely unusable .
You can recover tables and their properties , linked tables , deleted records , calculated data type , forms , queries , modules , and reports .
The easy - to - use GUI coupled with a streamlined recovery procedure makes it a must - have Access repair tool .
read more
Repairs and Restores MDB or ACCDB database Objects Repairs MDB or ACCDB database files to retrieve inaccessible tables , queries , indexes , reports , forms , and modules with VBA code .
Recovers Linked Tables and Calculated Data Type Recover the tables of another database that are linked to your Access database .
In addition , you can perform recovery of ' calculated ' data type .
Preview of MDB / ACCDB Database Objects Supports preview of objects after scanning the Access database .
Use this feature to take a sneak - peek at the final recovery results .
User -Friendly , Intuitive GUI
Take advantage of the interactive GUI of this tool to enhance your experience and perform a risk - free database recovery .
PAKISTAN entered a potentially dangerous new era yesterday after its parliament ratified a bill establishing a separate Islamic legal code for the Swat Valley , dividing the country into areas ruled by the state and those by sharia law .
The bill , passed unanimously by parliament and signed off late on Monday night by pro-US President Asif Ali Zardari , is the culmination of a controversial peace deal signed in February with Taliban militants who have waged a bloody 18 - month campaign for control of the former tourist region .
The Nizam - a - Adl regulation effectively cedes control of the entire Malakand province , less than 200 km north of the capital Islamabad , to Islamic extremists in exchange for a ceasefire between the security forces and local Taliban militants who have terrorised the community .
Mr Zardari had delayed signing the bill , saying he wanted to see peace restored to the valley first , but relented under pressure from his own party and the hard - line Muslim clerics who brokered the deal but accused the Government last week of reneging on it .
The legislation has been greeted with alarm by analysts and human rights groups , who warn it will further diminish the authority of the weak civilian Government and embolden the militants to move their writ beyond the Swat .
Retired general Talat Masood said the Government had chosen " the path of least resistance , which has dire consequences for the future of Pakistan " .
" It will change the entire complexion of the country , " General Masood said , warning that the issue would not be confined to Malakand .
" My view is ( Islamic extremism ) will probably spread over all the country west of the Indus .
No one is defining what Pakistan should be - there 's no ideological or intellectual clarity . "
Pakistan was probably headed into a violent Islamic cycle in which the country would be ruled once again by right - wing forces with religious links , he said .
Even before parliamentary approval , judges trained in Islamic law had begun hearing cases in Swat , and Taliban fighters are said to be in control of much of the region .
A video smuggled out of the area last month showed a young woman being publicly flogged for allegedly leaving her house in the company of a man who was not her blood relative .
Since the February deal , Taliban militants have reportedly been pouring into the Swat Valley .
US officials say the deal has given the Taliban and its al - Qa'ida allies an advantage in their long - running battle against Pakistan 's military .
" This is a rest stop for the Taliban , it 's nothing more , " one Washington official told The Wall Street Journal .
Pakistani and US officials estimate as many as 8000 militants are now based in Swat , nearly double the number in the area at the end of last year .
The militants have begun to spread - at least 13 were killed in clashes with security forces and local militiamen in neighbouring Buner last week after tribal elders there failed to convince Taliban infiltrators to leave .
Pakistan 's English - language newspaper
The Dawn reported yesterday that 120 Taliban , including a group of militants who had taken over the local police station and an important Sufi shrine , left Buner at the weekend .
Taliban militants warned before the parliamentary vote that MPs who opposed the pact were guilty of apostasy - a crime punishable by death in parts of the Muslim world .
Talking to the local media after the bill was passed , Swat Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan said Pakistan 's parliament had proved it was brave and Islam - friendly .
Source : The Australian
Ezra Klein , a prominent health care and political journalist - blogger , was recently interviewed by Mike Dennison , a reporter with Lee Newspaper ’s Montana State Bureau .
The interview addressed the hearings on health care reform being held by Sens. Max Baucus of Montana and Chuck Grassley of Iowa .
Baucus is the chairman and Grassley is the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee .
The most important question in the interview was , “ Should n’t a single - payer or Medicare - for - all system of universal coverage be considered ? ” Klein replied : “ When the politicians say , ‘ We ’re going to take what you have now away and you can trust the federal government to do this [ health care ] now ’ – that scares the hell out of people . ”
If Congress wo n’t even consider a single - payer health care system , what kind of a “ system ” will our nation and we , as individuals , end up with ?
I am convinced the outcome will be even more complicated and detrimental than what we have now , a hodge - podge on top of an already existing hodge - podge of insurance plans .
In other words , no plan and certainly no “ system . ”
There will continue to be for - profit and not - for - profit insurance companies that you will receive through your employers , which will continue to make them less then competitive in world markets , or you will be forced to buy it individually and , if you can not afford it , we will be given a public assistance to do so – not bad so far ( do n’t get excited taxpayer , you are already paying for it ) .
You must remember that you will probably change jobs seven times like most Americans and have to buy some kind of bridge coverage in between those jobs and , if you ’re broke , prove it to the system you need some financial help .
But wait , we will still keep children ’s health care for kids when some employer wo n’t cover them .
If you make too much money , you will have to buy through a private insurance company to get coverage .
Then we will still want to have veterans ’ coverage and their hospitals , and rightly so , along with Indian health care .
Your spouse may not have veterans or Indian coverage ; will they have to get coverage through there employer , maybe on the open market ?
Will these plans have to be changed when you move across the nation , the region ?
Maybe only the state you live in ?
Will it be the same type of coverage as you move across the nation ?
Then in order to keep the profit margins up for the insurance industry , once you hit 55 , and you become unemployed and sick you loss your coverage , you can buy in to Medicare at the full price around $ 1,200 per month .
You get the picture .
There ’s a million more hang ups to make life a little more confusing .
A Medicare type plan , Single - Payer for all , with everybody in and nobody out , is the most efficient .
It will save $ 400 billion for the American tax payer every year .
That ’s less than the $ 700 billion Sens.
Baucus and Grassley are going to spend , money they helped to set aside in the last budget .
The Single - Payer savings could be used to help cover the 50 million uninsured .
The Single - Payer would concentrate on prevention , free choice of doctors and hospitals , no more in - network , out - of - network , deductibles , exclusions , and co-pay .
According to recent polls , the majority of the American people , doctors and nurses and health economists want Single - Payer .
Why do n’t Max Baucus and Chuck Grassley ?
Call them , e-mail them and write them .
Tell them America needs Single - Payer .
Gene Fenderson is a founding member of Montana for Single - Payer
SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer protocol ) is a standard for transmitting confidential data such as credit card numbers over the Internet .
Most true business sites support this feature which allows more security in data transmitted over the web .
SSL uses a private key to encrypt data that is transferred over the SSL connection .
Now you can use an affordable SSL certificate to raise the security of the website while exchanging information between a web browser and web server .
When you purchase an affordable SSL certificate you have to get it validated and there are only three methods in doing so .
SSL ( secure socket layer ) certificates are necessary when website owners want to do better for their Google search engine rankings .
Domains.co.za highlighted recent announcement of Google that it would emphasize on sites which are secured with SSL certificates which is a part of company ’s drive for Safer Worldwide Web .
SSL - secured sites will get higher ranking in Google search than unsecured websites .
The website which is not protected via SSL certification has ‘ Insecure ’ status which will be seen by Google Chrome users .
SSL certificate is a kind of encrypted online data that is being sent or received during navigation of websites by Internet users .
This data has some confidential information like telephone numbers and credit card details .
A secure connection is created between the user ’s computer and the server so that specific website is hosted to give relaxation to the customers .
SSL certificate not only provides protection to the customer ’s personal data but also establishes a great regard for the company .
Price of SSL certificates has been reduced over the years .
Many companies are using certificates costing at Rs.250 per year .
Some hosting companies charge for the SSL certificates installation , installation at no charge is received by client hosting with Domains.co.za .
Non-clients can purchase certificates from Domains.co.za and current hosting companies install the certificates .
Organizational validation process
Information of a particular business is checked from various sources .
This is carried out just verify the name of the business and who operates the business .
This information is compared to the details that are provided during the registration of the company .
another safety measure is taken to see that the details provided are same as on the business listings from the local sources .
If the all of the details match the company is then issued an affordable SSL certificate .
This will provide a platform for the general public to view information that will help them to find out about the identity of the particular business .
As a user , you will see a logo that will say that the website is verified by SSL .
Domain validation process
This is considered one of the cheapest methods to verify an affordable SSL certificate .
This process is carried out at a domain level .
The process is initiated by sending an email to the account that is linked to the domain .
Now by sending an email does not always imply that the person is the rightful owner of the business .
A phone can also be placed to verify the whether the person is the owner of the business .
When the certificate is issued using this method it means that there is high chance that this business is legal and has been verified properly .
as a user , you will find a specific logo on your browser that will indicate this fact .
Extended Validation method
This method too has gained a lot of popularity over years when it comes to validating an affordable SSL certificate .
As a user you will notice a green logo and the name of the business that will appear in the address bar or the browser , this simply means that the company has been verified and is safe to do business with .
The owner of the business is contacted to make sure that all of the information supplied is real .
After the process is done the business can expect to get an affordable SSL certificate within two weeks .
Some other additional information that may be needed
You can also use a self - signed certificate but this is not good as people will not do business with you as they will think that your company will cheat them .
If you use this method a warning will be posted on your website telling people that they may proceed at their own risk .
Now there are many companies out there that carry out the verification process and issues a certificate but most of them charge a lot of money .
So use the internet to look up names of companies that issue affordable SSL certificate without any problems .
The difference between temporary and permanent certificates
The only difference between temporary and permanent certificates is that temporary certificates are generated by your control panel , not trusted Certificate Authorities .
Thus , when visitors enter your site , they will get the “ unknown certification authority ” warning window .
Today , President Obama opened the door to prosecuting Bush administration officials responsible for devising illegal torture polices .
While reiterating his belief that CIA officers who carried out so - called " enhanced interrogations " should not be prosecuted , the President said he wanted the Attorney General to make a determination on how to procede with " those who formulated those legal decisions . "
Obama said that any potential investigation must be bipartisan and independent .
Watch :
Update : Additional discussion is going in in turneresq 's recommended diary .
Confused About Sugar And Calories ?
You 're Not Alone
Do you think high fructose corn syrup makes you fatter than sugar ?
You 're not alone .
In the culture wars , they like lines blurry and corporations who got rid of corn syrup have been using that as a marketing claim .
Three top researchers say they have corrected inaccuracies and misunderstandings concerning high fructose corn syrup 's impact on the American diet and examined how the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) considers this sweetener in light of the upcoming 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans in their session , ' High Fructose Corn Syrup : Sorting Myth from Reality ' , at the Institute of Food Technologists ( IFT ) Annual Meeting in Anaheim , California .
" Contrary to its name , high fructose corn syrup is essentially a corn sugar , " stated sweetener expert John S. White , Ph.D. , president of White Technical Research .
" Recent marketing claims that sugar is healthier than high fructose corn syrup are misleading to consumers . "
" By every parameter yet measured in human beings , high fructose corn syrup and sugar are identical .
This is not surprising since high fructose corn syrup and sugar are metabolized the same by the body , have the same level of sweetness and the same number of calories per gram , " noted James M. Rippe , M.D. , cardiologist and biomedical sciences professor at the University of Central Florida .
" This is a marketing issue , not a metabolic issue , " stated David Klurfeld , Ph.D. , national program leader for human nutrition in USDA 's Agricultural Research Service and editor of the June 2009 Journal of Nutrition supplement , " The State of the Science on Dietary Sweeteners Containing Fructose , " in response to recent reformulations by manufacturers of products that once contained high fructose corn syrup .
" The real issue is not high fructose corn syrup .
It 's that we 've forgotten what a real serving size is .
We have to eat less of everything , " he noted .
Increased Caloric Intake , Not a Single Sweetener , the Likely Cause of Obesity
Fructose - containing sweeteners — such as sugar , invert sugar , honey , fruit juice concentrates , and high fructose corn syrup — are essentially interchangeable in composition , calories , and metabolism .
Replacing high fructose corn syrup in foods with other fructose - containing sweeteners will provide neither improved nutrition nor a meaningful solution to the obesity crisis , according to Dr. White .
" In light of similarities in composition , sweetness , energy content , processing , and metabolism , claims that such sweetener substitutions bring nutritional benefit to children and their families appear disingenuous and misguided , " White says .
The American Medical Association helped put to rest a common misunderstanding about high fructose corn syrup and obesity , stating that " high fructose syrup does not appear to contribute to obesity more than other caloric sweeteners . "
Even former critics of high fructose corn syrup dispelled myths and distanced themselves from earlier speculation about the sweetener 's link to obesity in a comprehensive scientific review published in the December 2008 American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
SciPy ( pronounced “ Sigh Pie ” ) is a Python - based ecosystem of open - source software for mathematics , science , and engineering .
In particular , these are some of the core packages :
NumPy Base N - dimensional array package Base N - dimensional array package
SciPy library Fundamental library for scientific computing Fundamental library for scientific computing
Matplotlib Comprehensive 2 - D plotting Comprehensive 2 - D plotting
IPython Enhanced interactive console Enhanced interactive console
SymPy Symbolic mathematics Symbolic mathematics
pandas Data structures & analysis Data structures & analysis
Large parts of the SciPy ecosystem ( including all six projects above ) are fiscally sponsored by NumFOCUS
