It ’s been a busy week for Bill Gates .
While the NEA featured brilliant Diane Ravitch as its most prominent guest , AFT President Randi Weingarten and company chose Gates , who ’s done many remarkable things .
I ’m not an education expert like Gates , so I ’ll comment only on a TED talk he gave last year that ’s available online .
My experience is limited to teaching 25 years in New York City .
Still , several of Gates ’ comments did not sit well with me .
How does that [ KIPP charter school ] compare to a normal school ?
Well , in a normal school teachers are n’t told how good they are .
The data is n’t gathered .
In the teacher ’s contract , it will limit the number of times the principal can come into the classroom — sometimes to once per year .
And they need advanced notice to do that .
My principal can and does visit my classroom whenever he golly goshdarn feels like it .
He offers no advanced notice , and walks around the building visiting my colleagues in exactly the same fashion .
Gates ’s version of what happens in a “ normal school ” sounds more like a crass stereotype than any contract I ’ve ever heard of .
So imagine running a factory where you ’ve got these workers , some of them just making crap and the management is told , “ Hey , you can only come down here once a year , but you need to let us know , because we might actually fool you , and try and do a good job in that one brief moment . ”
I ’m having trouble imagining a teacher who lights up only once every year .
If you ca n’t teach , you do n’t give a sterling lesson on command .
If you hate kids , you do n’t instantly learn to love them when the principal walks in .
Gates claims a top quartile teacher will increase the test scores of students by over 10 percent in a single year .
Thus , he reasons , if all students had this teacher , we ’d be doing fabulously .
I do n’t know if I ’m in the top quartile , but I raise scores when I have to .
Yet when I do , I ’m not as effective a teacher .
I try to inspire kids .
I try to trick them , for example , into loving any book I teach , with high hopes they ’ll love not only that book , but another , and then another .
Will those kids get higher test scores ?
Maybe .
But is n’t it possible a love of reading might pay off in some as - yet undetermined future ?
Is n’t it possible they might make career choices , pivotal decisions , based on something gleaned in my classroom ?
Gates suggests teachers lack motivation , perhaps because we ’re not getting merit pay , or because too few administrators tell us how wonderful we are .
Why , then , do we write glowing recommendations for kids , pushing for them to be admitted to universities , special programs , or new careers ?
Teachers have intrinsic motivation Gates can neither measure nor ( apparently ) conceive of .
I appreciate money , and I ’ll say thanks to praise from almost anyone .
But I especially treasure it from kids .
Last month I told my class I ’d miss them .
They shouted , “ We ’ll miss you too ! ”
They asked me if I ’d teach them next year .
I was honored , far more than by anything Gates could do or say .
But Gates proves things with charts , one of which says :
Once somebody has taught for three years , their teaching quality does not improve thereafter .
That ’s preposterous .
Many societies value wisdom and experience , but if they do n’t drive test scores , Gates ’s charts are unaffected .
But charts do n’t face 34 teenagers at a time .
I do .
You never know what can , what will happen next .
Live kids do unimaginable things , things that constantly perplexed me in year three .
Even now , I steal any trick , any tip , anything from anyone if it sounds practical .
My bag of tricks is considerably larger now than it was 22 years ago , and I learn new things every day .
Says Gates ’s chart :
A master ’s degree does n’t raise scores .
But if I had n’t studied bilingualism , language acquisition , and the structures of English ( that we all know instinctively but have likely as not never thought about ) , I ’d be unqualified to teach ESL .
I ’d also never have passed the grueling Board of Examiners test the city required back in the day .
For my kid ( and yours ) , I want a teacher with the deepest possible subject knowledge .
Teachers compete with cell phones , iPods , and Microsoft ’s own Xbox 360 ( on which teenagers play some of the most sordid and vulgar war games I ’ve ever seen ) , and need all the help they can get .
Maybe you do n’t need a master ’s to move kids from 55 on one test to 65 on the next test .
A more worthy challenge is developing a kid who derives joy from class , one who eagerly participates and will continue studying it even when force is not involved .
I will give that kid a better grade than test scores indicate , even if charts disapprove .
Anybody who has access to a DVD player could have the very best teachers .
That ’s because he wants to film what he considers to be good teachers , and amass a video library .
But doing that would mean only that anyone with a DVD player would be able to watch the best teachers .
There ’d be no interaction , and certainly no assessment of the kid ’s work by these best teachers .
It ’s not the same as having someone in your face .
Gates seems to know that when it suits his purposes .
When he describes his experiences at KIPP , he becomes giddy with excitement :
The teacher was running around , and the energy level is high … and the teacher was constantly scanning to see which kids were n’t paying attention , which kids were bored and calling on kids rapidly , putting things up on the board … … keeping people engaged and setting the tone that everyone in the classroom needs to pay attention .
Here , I agree with Gates .
But in my school , these things happen every day .
And of course everyone needs to pay attention .
Were someone to make a statement like that to my 14 - year - old , it would merit an unhesitating , “ Well , DUH ! ”
96 percent of KIPP ’s high school graduates go to four year colleges .
That may be true .
Or it may not .
KIPP has n’t been around that long , and mostly runs junior high schools , so KIPP students in college represent a very small sample .
More to the point , the 96 percent figure , if true on any level , does n’t include kids who do n’t finish the program — which at some schools could run to more than half .
Who teaches the kids who fail KIPP , and who does Gates blame for that ?
( I ’m thinking me . )
Why not give the high schools the kids attend after KIPP some credit ?
Are they the “ normal ” public schools , the schools in which Gates claims administrators are contractually forbidden to observe teachers ?
Maybe Gates should sponsor that contract .
Charts do n’t show underlying problems with poor performers .
What if the kid has interrupted formal education , shuffled back and forth from one country to another , and by high school cannot read or write ?
What if there is abuse , neglect , or who knows what waiting for the kid at home ?
Gates seems to think if only we could raise that kid ’s test score by 10 percent , all would be well .
Gates ’s employees can’t be bothered with rudimentary fact - checking , nor can American print reporters .
They ’re all too busy fawning over him .
It broke my heart to see 3,400 teachers in Seattle doing precisely the same thing .
Thanks to Caroline Grannan for her sage counsel and invaluable advice .
About our First Person series :
First Person is where Chalkbeat features personal essays by educators , students , parents , and others trying to improve public education .
Read our submission guidelines here .
Image caption Testosterone can increase social vigilance - but only in the most trusting women
Women who are open and trusting become more shrewd and less trusting when given testosterone , say researchers .
A study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences asked adult women to rate the trustworthiness of photos of strangers ' faces .
The hormone testosterone , normally linked to competition and dominance , made the most socially naive women more vigilant .
But it had no effect on women naturally less trusting , results show .
Trust plays an important role in the formation and maintenance of human social relationships , say the study authors .
Previous research has shown that the peptide hormone oxytocin increases trust in humans .
Mug shots
To test the impact of testosterone on trust , the study authors from Utrecht University and the University of Cape Town , gave 24 young women with an average age of 20 years a dose of the hormone or a placebo .
Hormones never act in isolation and do not account for behaviour on their own Dr Daryl O'Connor , University of Leeds
They then asked them to look at photographs of unfamiliar faces and rate them according to the trustworthiness of the faces shown .
Researchers found that those women who rated the faces as most trustworthy after the placebo - the high - trusting women - scored the photographs an average 10 points lower after taking testosterone .
However , women who showed little trustworthiness in the faces when given the placebo showed no changed in their ratings after receiving testosterone .
Smart hormone
Testosterone reduced interpersonal trust , say the researchers , " but only in subjects who were generally trusting , and therefore more at risk for deceit " .
Whereas in some mammals , testosterone is confined to motivating aggression in competition for status and resources , " in humans the hormone seems to motivate for rational decision - making , social scrutiny , and cleverness , the apparent tools for success in a modern society , " Jack van Honk and colleagues explain .
Dr Daryl O'Connor , a health psychologist from the University of Leeds , says these findings are broadly consistent with previous research which showed that testosterone injections in men influenced aspects of their spatial and verbal abilities .
He said : " There is growing evidence to suggest that testosterone has activational as well as organisational effects in men and women .
" It is possible that testosterone can activate changes in the way we perceive and think about aspects of the world , " he said .
" However , it is important to remember that hormones never act in isolation and do not account for behaviour on their own . "
So as you surely know by now , it turns out that the Pirates of the Caribbean movies were n’t a trilogy .
And what better time than the just - ended San Diego Comic Con to unveil the first trailer for the upcoming fourth film in the franchise .
Well , maybe trailer is n’t really the right word .
It ’s more like an awkward chat with Johnny Depp , wherein we apparently play the role of a young , patronized child .
As uncomfortable as the whole methodology behind the trailer is , here are some major takeaways : Mermaids , Fountain of Youth , Zombies !
Enjoy :
( Via The Daily What )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
1.50
* New option resizegripstyle
* New value for menubaritemstyle option ( return of the original style !)
1.40
* New options menubaritemstyle , scrollbartrough , textstyle and textshade
* Rendering of progressbars improved
* Better support of dark themes
* Some changes in displaying focuses
* FIX : some crashes with Evolution
1.30.2 :
ENGINE
* Better rendering for gradient listitems
THEMES
* Windows can be dragged from menubar
* Include userChrome.css to fix Firefox / Thunderbird menu issue
* Include Chromium / Chrome theme for Equinox Evolution
* Some fixes
1.30.1 :
ENGINE
* Fix missing parameters in function equinox_style_copy
1.30 :
ENGINE
* New options menubarborders and listviewitemstyle
* New values for menubarstyle and scrollbarstyle options
* Some fixes
THEMES
* New themes Evolution and Evolution Light
* Fix bug with Inkscape palette
* Workspace switcher and menubar items more lighter in dark panels
* Fix bugs with some applets : CPU scaling , network monitor , dictionary .
METACITY
* Bottom border of all themes reduced
* New themes Evolution Rounded and Evolution Squared
1.20 :
ENGINE
* New options progressbarstyle and separatorstyle
* New values for options menubarstyle and toolbarstyle to hide borders of menubar and toolbar controls
* Overall performance improved
* Some fixes
THEMES
* Better integration in gnome 2.30 ( specially for Nautilus )
* New light theme
METACITY
* New themes Light and Light Glass in which window controls used the selected background color
* New themes Classic and Classic Glass with a red close button and others in the selected background color
1.1 :
ENGINE
* Progressbars and tabs now accept curvature option
* New engine option for menuitems style
* New focus rendering for tabs
THEMES
* New Gtkrc theme with wider controls
* Gnome panel with gradient pixmap
* Correct search bar color in Nautilus
METACITY
* Title bar reduced
* Space between title and buttons ( if needed )
* Various corrections on windows controls
A multistate investigation is raising more questions about how Google Inc. may have improperly gathered people 's private information through their unsecured wireless networks while collecting data for its Street View feature .
Connecticut Atty . Gen. Richard Blumenthal , who has been leading the month - old investigation , sent a third letter to Google on Wednesday asking , among other things , whether it had tested the feature 's software before putting it to use .
Doing so , he said , should have uncovered any glitches responsible for the unwarranted collection of e-mails , passwords and other personal data of those who failed to protect their networks with passwords .
" Google ’s responses continue to generate more questions than they answer , " he said in a statement .
" Now the question is how it may have used -- and secured -- all this private information . "
Blumenthal , who is running for Sen. Christopher J. Dodd 's seat , also said that attorneys general from 37 states and the District of Columbia have officially joined the probe , including those from Texas , Florida , Kentucky , Illinois , Missouri and Massachusetts .
Eight states would not be identified because their laws bar them from disclosing investigations , he said .
The office of California Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown has not yet responded to a question about whether the state is a participant .
" As we 've said before , it was a mistake for us to include code in our software that collected payload data , but we believe we did nothing illegal , " a spokesperson for Mountain View , Calif . - based Google said in a statement .
" We 're continuing to work with the relevant authorities to answer their questions and concerns . "
The investigation , which follows similar probes in Germany and Australia , is also considering whether federal and state laws need to be changed or updated as a preventative measure .
The Street View function was launched in 2007 and since expanded to most major cities in the U.S , Europe , Africa , Asia and Australia .
It uses vehicles to photograph street layouts in every direction to give Web users a 360 - degree view of streets and roadways .
But the vehicles were also equipped to detect Wi -Fi access points , which Google had n't disclosed until recently , in order to help computers figure out where they are without having to use a GPS system .
At the same time , Google said it mistakenly picked up 600 gigabytes of data from unsecured networks over the last three years .
-- Kristena Hansen
[ Update 2:55 p.m. ]
Christine Gasparac , spokeswoman for Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , said although the office has been in direct contact with Google on the issue , it has not joined the multi-state probe .
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
franklin azzi architecture designed ‘ passive house ’ , through renovating a former hunting house in normandy , france .
the extension consists of wood , canvas covers a camouflage of the cuban army .
above is a wooden terrace overlooking the valley .
slabs of the house to the left and right include a heated floor and external industrial sockets .
in front of the house is a bunker made from concrete for an office .
the project meets the requirements of high environmental quality as it includes rainwater collection , the use of solar energy ( hybrid ) and geothermal energy , and reduction of raw material by optimizing the efforts to structure .
the assembly of the structure was done on site with all recyclable materials from a distance of 100 km .
wood and vegetable fibers are used for the walls providing insulation and windows provide natural ventilation , etc .
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
the former hunting house image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
construction of ‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
construction of ‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ bedroom image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ interior image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
‘ passive house ’ by franklin azzi architecture image courtesy franklin azzi architecture
client : vw architect : franklin azzi architecture area : 60 m 2 land area : 1600 m 2 estimated cost of the operation : 150 000 euros delivery date : december 2007 time frame : 8 months activity : house construction company : mrc : denis le moine construction location : normandy france yport
Some other things it seems to get right include these points , listed as " Conclusions " to the report :
2. Traditional fossil fuel resources face serious supply constraints and an oil supply crunch is likely in the short - to - medium term with profound consequences for the way in which business functions today .
First , what does it get right ?
The big thing it gets right is what it lists as Conclusion 2 :
Lloyd 's hired Chatham House to prepare a white paper on the risks of peak oil called Sustainable Energy Security : Strategic risks and opportunities for business .
It seems to me that this new report gets quite a few things right , but it misleads in the direction of thinking things are better than they really are , when it comes to timing and alternatives .
1. Energy security is now inseparable from the transition to a low - carbon economy and businesses plans should prepare for this new reality .
5 . Increasing energy costs as a result of reduced availability , higher global demand and carbon pricing are best tackled in the short term by changes in practices or via the use of technology to reduce energy consumption .
6 . The sooner that businesses reassess global supply chains and just - in - time models , and increase the resilience of their logistics against energy supply disruptions , the better .
7 . While the vast majority of investment in the energy transition will come from the private sector , governments have an important role in delivering policies and measures that create the necessary investment conditions and incentives .
There are quite a lot of other things the report mentions that makes sense as well .
For example , it mentions the potential problem with rare raw materials , if we attempt to ramp up production of new high tech devices , such as electric automobiles .
It talks about the possibility of new environmental risks from carbon capture and storage .
It also talks about water shortages potentially being an issue for electric power plants , especially if climate change causes areas to be hotter and drier .
And , as indicated in the conclusions , it talks about supply chain risks , and the possibility of disruption to electric supply , for example , if suitable fuel is not available .
Where the Report Misleads
High Tech Alternatives
One of the problems I have with the report is the assumption that the world should be planning to transition to high tech alternatives .
Furthermore , the report seems to say that there is lots of money to be made during the transition by those who plan right .
The report starts out with the following quote :
“ In some cases , the surprise element is only a matter of timing : an energy transition , for example is inevitable ; the only questions are when and how abruptly or smoothly such a transition occurs .
An energy transition from one type of fuel ( fossil fuels ) to another ( alternative ) is an event that historically has only happened once a century at most with momentous consequences . ” ( US National Intelligence Council 2008 " )
I very much agree with the basic statement , that energy transitions take place at most once a century , with momentous consequences .
We know we are reaching limits on oil , and that in not too long we will have to transition away from fossil fuels all together .
The big question in my mind is what we transition to .
This quote says alternative , and I expect it intends that we read into this quote to mean something like high - tech wind , solar PV , second generation biofuels , hydrogen , fusion , or something else that will allow us to maintain business as usual , since the rest of the paper talks about options such as these .
But at this point , we really do n't have any alternatives that can be constructed and maintained in a system without fossil fuels , except some pretty simple things that were used in the time period around 1500 - 1800 AD -- water power , sail boats , low tech wind turbines , animal power , wood , and human energy , for the most part -- but these are n't the kinds of alternatives being discussed in the report .
Transitions take such a long time ( at least 40 years , according to Vaclav Smil in History , Requirements , Prospects ) that we need to make plans so that at the end point , we truly have a sustainable system .
There is not really time for two transitions -- one to extend fossil fuels a bit with high - tech add - ons , and a second transition away from fossil fuels all together .
So we really need to figure out what we can maintain for the long term , and transition there , it seems to me .
The Main Impact of Oil Shortages will be High Prices
The report seems to assume throughout the standard belief that oil shortages will cause high prices .
There is an assumption , too , that this is all still in the future .
It seems to me that the biggest impact of oil shortages is recession -- something that is not even mentioned in the report , and something that companies would do well to learn to adapt to .
This means companies would probably do best to concentrate on basics , since people are likely to be buying fewer and fewer discretionary items .
What tends to happen if oil prices rise is that people will find the price of essentials ( food , gasoline for transportation to work , and perhaps home heating costs ) rising .
With these prices higher , consumers will cut back on discretionary spending -- vacation trips , new higher - priced homes , new cars , and going out to eat for example .
These cutbacks will have a recessionary impact , and will tend to bring down the price of oil ( as well as raise unemployment ) .
Many people will find it harder to find the funds to repay loans ( either because of the higher price of oil , or because they have been laid off from work , in the recessionary aftermath ) , so debt defaults will rise greatly as well .
While the report seems to indicate this is all in the future , it is really something that we are already experiencing , starting not long after world oil production hit a plateau in 2005 .
We have already begun seeing recessionary impacts and problems with the credit system .
We have seen very high oil prices , and a drop back in these high prices to prices which are lower , but still high by pre-2005 standards .
In the years ahead , recessionary impacts and credit problems are likely to get worse .
It is unclear to what extent oil prices will really rise and stay at extremely high levels .
The $ 200 barrel level mentioned in the white paper seems very speculative .
Insurance companies are likely to be hit particularly hard by loan defaults , because many of their assets are bonds .
For example , there are many municipalities that are having difficulties maintaining tax revenues , and may have difficulty repaying their debt .
This would seem to be an area which the report fails to warn about .
Natural Gas as Transition Fuel
The other area where the report misleads is in giving more hope to natural gas as a transition fuel than would seem to be warranted .
For example , it quotes from CERA :
“ A major new factor – unconventional natural gas – is moving to the fore in the US energy scene … it ranks as the most significant energy innovation so far this century .
It has the potential , at least , to cause a paradigm shift in the fuelling of North America ’s energy future . ”
IHS - CERA 2010 : Fueling North America 's Energy Future , the Unconventional Natural Gas Revolution and the Carbon Agenda
It then goes on to say :
Unanticipated technological developments dramatically increased the availability of non-conventional ( mostly shale ) gas in the US last year .
In 2000 , non-conventional gas provided just 1 % of total gas supply , but by 2009 it had reached 20 % .
Forecasts suggest this will reach 50 % by 2035 .
As natural gas prices fell in the US , demand for LNG fell internationally and volumes destined for US import were redirected to other ( mainly Asian ) markets .
But the full impact is highly uncertain .
Production from shale gas wells seems to peak much faster than conventional gas , and data is limited .
Assessments of the Barnett wells in the US using horizontal drilling showed that most of the recoverable gas is extracted in the first few years .
( International Energy Agency : World Energy Outlook 2009 ) .
Is the US experience set to become a global phenomenon ?
Some suggest that resources in OECD Europe are large enough to displace 40 years of imports of gas at the current level , assuming recovery rates in line with those in North America .
Exploration is already under way in Europe ( including in France , Germany , Poland and the UK ) to assess this potential .
( Eurostat 2009 : Energy Statistics to Support EU Policies and Solutions )
There may be some potential for a small ramp up in natural gas production , but we need to remember that a major change in infrastructure to accommodate a much larger natural gas supply will take many years and significant fossil fuel resources .
A big reason natural gas prices in North America dropped once production rose is because insufficient new infrastructure to use this new supply was in place ( for example , new cars or trucks using natural gas as fuel and new stations for such vehicles to refuel ) .
Adding new infrastructure takes time .
People do n't lower the temperature in their homes ( so as to use more gas for electricity for cooling ) or ramp up industrial production of fertilizer ( so as to use more natural gas ) , just because more natural gas is available -- especially if the new natural gas is at a high price .
But it is not clear there is really all that much more natural gas .
First , the amount of natural gas used today is less than that of oil , so expanding natural gas to replace oil is not something that can really be considered .
But even raising the current amount by say , 30 % , is likely to be difficult .
One of the issues is how much can be produced at affordable prices .
If the prices are much higher than today , there may be some of the same issues with recession and cutback in demand as with high priced oil .
And there are concerns that a huge expansion of natural gas will require drilling in populated areas , with possible environmental issues associated with fracking .
A transition to natural gas as a primary fuel source -- assuming we really do have enough - - would likely take 40 years as Smil indicates , and by that time what natural gas we have would likely be gone .
The report seems to suggest natural gas might be used as a transition fuel , but if high tech alternatives that do n't rely on fossil fuels really are lacking , it is doubtful that there will really be a new fuel supply to transition to -- especially one that will permit business as usual .
* * *
The report is valuable for pointing out the peak oil issue .
The major problem of this report is that it attempts to sugar - coat what peak oil will look like .
Or perhaps , the authors are confused about peak oil implications themselves .
( CNN ) --
It all comes down to the flasher problem .
The website Chatroulette -- which unites people all over the world for live , random video chats -- has been plagued by awkward , and possibly illegal , nudity since it became wildly popular in February of this year .
People who log onto the site with a webcam are thrown into a video conversation with a stranger , who , according to one analyst 's report , is likely to be a stranger without pants more than 10 percent of the time .
Meanwhile , the site 's founder , a Russian teenager named Andrey Ternovskiy , continues to say that he 's out to create a " perfect video world " where people can talk across national borders and beyond social cliques and demographics .
The major hitch in that utopian vision : the nakedness , which led some to turn away from the site .
Salon.com posted an article on June 29 titled " R.I.P. Chatroulette , " citing lewd material on the site as the reason it will die a fad .
" Cause of death : penises , " Salon wrote .
But on Friday , Ternovskiy proposed a solution : Track down the naked offenders and turn them in to the cops .
" With the help of a few good developers we 've started collecting information , such as IP addresses , logs and screen captures of offenders who actually break US / UN laws by broadcasting innapropriate [ sic ] content in a specific situations , " he writes .
" I hope that with help of a Criminal law we can finally get the problem out of our shoulders and get existing organizations which usually solve these kind of problems to help us . "
He also posted a warning on Chatroulette 's notoriously spare homepage :
" Warning : Broadcasting inappropriate content to minors is a violation of both US and UN law .
We are actively cooperating with law enforcement agencies . "
It remains to be seen how effective these efforts will be .
And they 're not the first Ternovskiy has tried .
Chatroulette has instituted other changes in recent weeks in an effort to separate potentially offensive content from people who just want to talk .
The site added several adult - themed " channels , " as well as a " local " channel for people who want to talk to -- or date -- webcammers who live nearby .
Some of the features appeared to be down for maintenance on Monday , but the blog TechCrunch says the adult channels have proved to be the most popular .
Ternovskiy also writes that the site has tried to use image - recognition technology and other methods of automated analysis to flag naked offenders .
But he still holds out hope that , with the help of authorities from the U.S. and the U.N. , Chatroulette will be able to flourish again as it did " before it was discovered by a strange people , who started to abuse the true freedom and democratic nature of the service , " he writes .
He calls that time the site 's " honeymoon " period .
" I hope that someday our service will become a beautiful video world , an internet country with no borders and locations , " he writes .
LOS ANGELES — Authorities investigating an 11 - year - old 's suicide threat say they did n't learn key information about an abusive stepfather who answered the door at his house until after the boy hanged himself .
A story in Sunday 's Los Angeles Times says the investigators lacked key information on the boy because of communication difficulties at the Department of Children and Family Services .
On June 11 , the workers visited the boy's home in Montebello after he told a school counselor he wanted to kill himself .
Los Angeles County records show he was found dead hours after the visit .
They did not learn until after the suicide that the stepfather who answered the door had a history of drug abuse and domestic violence and a court had barred him from living in the home .
One of the department 's 2,400 tablet computers could have provided the information , but most sit unused because of a shortage of wireless cards .
------
Information from : Los Angeles Times , http://www.latimes.com
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Dutch Fans at the World Cup An Army of Orange Clowns Touring South Africa
For the last three weeks , hundreds of Dutch football fans have been touring South Africa in a orange convoy of 120 camper vans , cars and motorbikes to cheer on their national team at the World Cup .
They 're among the world 's loudest and craziest fans .
Von Maik Grossekathöfer
One reason I always try to be nice to newbies is that there are two different kinds : people new to everything , and very experienced people who happen to be new to one area .
Everyone was the first kind at one point , and could find themselves being the second kind at any time .
This last weekend I found myself in the second category .
My wireless router died on me again .
I seem to go through about one per year ( I suspect inadequate heat dissipation ) , and was sick of replacing them , so I decided to incorporate its functions into my desktop computer .
I ’m about as qualified as you can get for undertaking such a task .
I ’ve been using Linux extensively since the late 90’s , and write embedded software for network equipment for a living .
I knew all the pieces needed in generic terms , it was just a matter of finding , installing , and configuring the specific implementations on Ubuntu .
First step : purchase new hardware .
I needed a second gigabit ethernet NIC for the wired side of the network , and an 802.11g interface for the wireless side .
Complicating matters , since my wife depends so heavily on wireless for her netbook , Nook , and Roku , I wanted to purchase the parts from my local Best Buy instead of my usual online sources so it could be up and running faster .
The gigabit ethernet NIC I did n’t even bother looking up hardware compatibility .
There may be some incompatible ones out there , but I have never seen one .
The 802.11g interface is more complicated .
There is wide support on the client side , but I knew using it as an access point has specific driver requirements .
I did some research on linuxwireless.org , cross referenced it with the inventory on Best Buy ’s website , and came up with one possibility .
Only one ?
That threw up a red flag , but Best Buy is n’t exactly known for their stellar Linux support , so I let it go .
I picked it up the next day after work , plugged it in , and it turned out to be v3 of that product , which used a different chipset than I was expecting .
I tried a command I had seen on a few HOWTOs anyway : iwconfig wlan2 mode master .
Did n’t work .
Made sure I was using the best driver , and did some digging to see if there was a development version I could use , and eventually gave up .
Installing the wired side of the network with DNS , DHCP , NAT , and firewall went smoothly .
At least I knew those pieces would be working when I got the wireless up .
The next day , I returned the wireless interface to Best Buy , did some more research to make absolutely sure I was getting a compatible card , and ordered one online overnight delivery .
Plugged it in the next day , and the “ mode master ” command still did n’t work .
Now I knew something was up .
After some considerable google - fu , I discovered there is an easy new userspace way of handling all the access point management , but the easiest to find documentation all documented the old , more limited way .
In other words , the “ mode master ” command does n’t work on purpose now .
Aside from a short issue with hostapd looking like it starts , but not really because of a setting in /etc / defaults / hostapd , I had it up and running fairly quickly .
So what ’s the underlying software engineering principle here ?
Outdated documents can sometimes be worse than no documents .
Here is this great new feature that makes it easier to do what I want , but because the docs for it are so obscure , it actually made it harder .
I intend to do more about it than rant on my blog .
Ubuntu will soon be getting some updated documentation courtesy one experienced newbie who just figured it out the hard way .
I consider it my way of “ paying ” for all the great software I use for free , and encourage all of you who solve similar problems to do the same .
Say goodbye to the former king of Panasonic plasmas , the old 103 - inch that toured the country and took center stage in presidential elections is old news , moved aside for a new family of commercial displays including the 152 - inch 4 K resolution 3DTV towered over all at this year 's CES .
Just in case 4096 x 2160 is too much resolution , there are 103 - and 85 - inch 1080 p versions available as well , but seriously , at that thing .
You know Mark Cuban is going to buy one -- why should n't you ?
Because you do n't have $ 500,000 + laying around , because it can't possibly fit in your house , because you 'd never go outside again if you owned one -- stop making excuses , it 's unbecoming .
Dec 22 , 2017 at 11:12 AM by Unknown
This girl is so fucking hot , she has an amazing body .
Look at her tits move as she gets fucked .
Anyways enjoy fapping to this video , please no gay comments about the guy .
I got one more vid of her .
Hotaru Community Developers , designers and users gather in the forums to seek help , propose new features and offer free support .
Join us today !
Find out more
Free Themes
All themes available in the forums are free .
See the themes members have shared with the community .
Find out more
You may have thought Google sold ads , the market and analysts probably thought it sold ads - and many of them - but Google 's accountants take quite a different and , yes , more creative view .
Despite its near total dominance of the search advertising market , Google does not make one red cent through advertising , according to its latest set of accounts .
Lovely Ireland .
Google 's Australian clients are billed by Google Ireland .
Instead Google Australia , which analysts estimates makes about $ 700 million a year from Australian advertisers , is a mere '' service provider ' ' that makes about a sixth of that collecting fees from its head office and a subsidiary in Ireland .
Documents filed with the corporate regulator show Google 's revenues last year were $ 110 million - some way short of the real figure .
If personalizing the grips , as discussed on the Handgun Selection page , does not produce optimal alignment of the middle phalanx of the trigger finger , you may wish to try altering your finger placement .
Keep in mind that it usually takes greater hand strength , which you may need to develop , to work a trigger with the tip of the finger than by placing the crease of the distal joint next to the outer edge of the trigger .
Inserting the finger past the edge of that joint is counter - productive for most shooters , partly because the tip of the finger is likely to hit the frame of the gun before the gun fires .
( Illustration by Paige Robbins , from Defensive Use of Firearms : Revised and Updated , copyright © 2010 , by Defensive Use of Firearms , LLC . )
1. Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge , Japan – 1,991 m
The Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge in Japan heads the list of the top 10 longest single span bridges in the world .
Europe ’s longest singel span bridge is the Great Belt Bridge in Denmark , although current plans for a bridge between mainland Italy and Sicily across the Messina straights would surpass it if given the go ahead .
The Tsing Ma ( Hong Kong to China ) , has the longest span for a bridge with both road and train traffic .
2. Xihoumen Bridge , China – 1,650 m
3. Great Belt Bridge , Denmark – 1,624 m
4. Runyang Bridge , China – 1,490 m
5. Humber Bridge , England – 1,410 m
6. Jiangyin Suspension Bridge , China – 1,385 m
7. Tsing Ma Bridge , China – 1,377 m
8. Verrazano Narrows Bridge , USA – 1,298 m
9. Golden Gate Bridge , USA – 1,280 m
10 . Yangluo Bridge , China – 1,280 m
source
diff options context : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 space : include ignore mode : unified ssdiff stat only
author Daniel Stone < daniel@fooishbar.org >
2010-07-20 12:34:48 +0100 committer Daniel Stone < daniel@fooishbar.org >
2010-07-20 12:36:10 +0100 commit 554da76ece85d0fc0cada45a86860e69c2107e9a ( patch ) tree d776f2fd3883ac2716a8035d4986c7b059bbb488 parent 2e7a18b6a617b9b4bfcea2d36f2bd2d7e0c4a3dd ( diff )
NLS : Add \o / Compose sequence
Unicode is even more pointlessly awesome !
Add a binding for Compose - \o / to U+1F64C PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION .
Signed - off - by : Daniel Stone < daniel@fooishbar.org >
1 files changed , 1 insertions , 0 deletions
Were it not for Johnny Damon , people in New England might still be wondering whether the trade of Babe Ruth really did put a curse on their beloved Red Sox .
But Damon hit two home runs and drove in six runs — six ! — in Game 7 of the ALCS against the dreaded Yankees in 2004 and you know what happened after that .
Damon was the face of that team , the coolest guy on the planet for a few months .
That all ended when he signed with the Yankees before the 2006 season .
The Red Sox offered Damon less money than did the Yankees and he choose the better deal .
It was a business decision for both sides .
Advertisement
When Damon came back to Fenway Park in 2006 for the first time , he was booed and cursed .
To varying degrees , it went on for all four seasons he spent in pinstripes .
Damon did n’t much like it , but he always said he understood it because of the team he decided to join .
That Damon played a huge role in helping the Yankees win the Series last year only added to the hatred some Red Sox fans had for him .
Damon returns to Fenway Park on Friday night , now as a member of the Detroit Tigers .
How about a standing ovation this time ?
Just once , when he comes up the first time .
Stand up and cheer him .
Let him tip his cap and smile and then everybody can get back to the game .
Bemoan the modern athlete and excessive salaries all you like , but Damon did n’t invent free agency , he only took advantage of it .
We all look for the best deal we can regardless of what we make or what we do .
I was happy at my old newspaper but when the Globe offered me a better deal , I took it .
Unless you ’ve had the same job all your life and never once asked for a raise , you ca n’t complain about what Johnny did .
Advertisement
Beyond that , it ’s fair to say that no player cared more or gave more than Johnny during his time with the Red Sox .
He had a .295/.362/.441 line in his four years and scored 461 runs .
He averaged 150 games a year and in the 2003 playoffs played with a concussion that would have had most people in the hospital .
Damon grew the crazy long beard before the 2004 season because it hurt his face to shave , such were the after - effects of that concussion .
Damon is a borderline Hall of Famer .
He has 2,520 hits , 214 home runs , 381 steals , 97 triples , 477 doubles and 1,545 runs scored .
You know how many players in history had 2,500 hits , 200 homers , 400 steals , 100 triples , 500 doubles and 1,500 runs scored ?
Just one , Paul Molitor .
If Damon makes the Hall one day , it could be with a “ B ” on his cap , too .
It ’s fine to be mad at him for signing with the Yankees .
But give the man his due .
You forgave Roger Clemens , you can forgive Damon .
Standing ovation .
The man deserves it .
A French study revealed that obese people have sex less often than those of healthier weight , but engage in riskier behavior when they do .
What do you think ?
" I bet things get even more unsafe if the chunky lovebirds go at it on the kitchen table , or anywhere that is n't a sturdy bed or the floor . "
Iris Dunnaway • Systems Analyst
Advertisement
" If they 're that obese , surely there 's a Snickers wrapper or empty Cheetos bag they could grab and wrap around their junk . "
Adam Smith • Electrician
Washington ( CNN ) --
The House of Representatives passed legislation Friday which would lift the current $ 75 million liability cap for oil spills while imposing new safety standards for offshore drilling .
The Senate has yet to act , however , so the prospects for final oil spill and energy legislation are unclear .
The House measure passed by a vote of 209 to 193 .
Among other things , the bill would also impose stiffer penalties for oil rig safety violations while requiring independent certifications of key drilling equipment and demonstrations of a company 's ability to respond to future rig blowouts or spills .
It would also ban the practice of granting environmental waivers for drilling plans .
" We want to ensure that offshore drilling is done efficiently , while protecting both the environment and our number one natural resource -- the brave men and women who help power this great nation , " Democratic Rep. Nick Rahall of West Virginia , who chairs the House Natural Resources Committee and sponsored the bill , said in a statement .
The measure was pushed by House Democratic leaders as part of the congressional reaction to the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico .
Top Republicans have opposed the measure , arguing that it will further damage an already - reeling Gulf region economy .
The Senate is expected to consider its own version of energy legislation next week , before senators leave for their August recess .
But even if that measure is approved , House and Senate negotiators would need to reconcile differences between the two bills .
This story was originally published in the June 1986 issue .
Two years earlier , Richard Ben Cramer wrote a cover story on the city where he began his journalism career , and its mayor .
Click here to read the six other greatest Esquire stories ever published -- in their entirety .
Few men try for best ever , and Ted Williams is one of those .
There 's a story about him I think of now .
This is not about baseball but fishing .
He meant to be the best there , too .
One day he says to a Boston writer : " Ain't no one in heaven or earth ever knew more about fishing . "
" Sure there is , " says the scribe .
" Oh , yeah ?
Who ? "
" Well , God made the fish . "
" Yeah , awright , " Ted says .
" But you have to go pretty far back . "
It was forty - five years ago , when achievements with a bat first brought him to the nation 's notice , that Ted Williams began work on his defense .
He wanted fame , and wanted it with a pure , hot eagerness that would have been embarrassing in a smaller man .
But he could not stand celebrity .
This is a bitch of a line to draw in America 's dust .
Ted was never the kind to quail .
In this epic battle , as in the million smaller face - offs that are his history , his instinct called for exertion , for a show of force that would shut those bastards up .
That was always his method as he fought opposing pitchers , and fielders who bunched up on him , eight on one half of the field ; as he fought off the few fans who booed him and thousands who thought he ought to love them , too ; as he fought through , alas , three marriages ; as he fought to a bloody standoff a Boston press that covered , with comment , his every sneeze and snort .
He meant to dominate , and to an amazing extent , he did .
But he came to know , better than most men , the value of his time .
So over the years , Ted Williams learned to avoid annoyance .
Now in his seventh decade , he had girded his penchants for privacy and ease with a bristle of dos and don'ts that defeat casual intrusion .
He is a hard man to meet .
Ted Williams can hush a room just by entering .
There is a force that boils up from him and commands attention .
This is not to paint him as a hermit or a shrinking flower , Garbo with a baseball bat .
No , in his hometown of Islamorada , on the Florida Keys , Ted is not hard to see .
He 's out every day , out early and out loud .
You might spot him at a coffee bar where the guides breakfast , quizzing them on their catches and telling them what he thinks of fishing here lately , which is " IT'S HORSESHIT . "
Or you might notice him in a crowded but quiet tackle shop , poking at a reel that he 's seen before , opining that it 's not been sold because " THE PRICE IS TOO DAMN HIGH , " after which Ted advises his friend , the proprietor , across the room : " YOU MIGHT AS WELL QUIT USING THAT HAIR DYE .
YOU'RE GOING BALD ANYWAY . "
He 's always first , 8:00 A.M. , at the tennis club .
He 's been up for hours , he 's ready .
He fidgets , awaiting appearance by some other , any other , man with a racket , where upon Ted bellows , before the newcomer can say hello : " WELL , YOU WANNA PLAY ? "
Ted 's voice normally emanates with gale and force , even at close range .
Apologists attribute this to the ear injury that sent him home from Korea and ended his combat flying career .
But Ted can speak softly and hear himself fine , if it 's only one friend around .
The roar with which he speaks in a public place , or to anyone else , has nothing to do with his hearing .
It 's your hearing he 's worried about .
Ted Williams can hush a room just by entering .
There is a force that boils up from him and commands attention .
This he has come to accept as his destiny and his due , just as he came to accept the maddening , if respectful , way his opponents pitched around him ( he always seemed to be leading the league in bases on balls ) , or the way every fan in the ball park seemed always to watch ( and comment upon ) T. Williams 's every move .
It was often said Ted would rather play ball in a lab , where fans could n't see .
But he never blamed fans for watching him .
His hate was for those who could n't or would n't feel with him , his effort , his exultation , pride , rage , or sorrow .
If they would n't share those , then there was his scorn , and he 's make them feel that , by God .
These days , there are no crowds , but Ted is watched , and why not ?
What other match could draw a kibitzer 's eye when Ted , on the near court , pounds toward the net , slashing the air with his big racket , laughing in triumphant derision as he scores with his killer drop shot , or smacking the ball twenty feet long and roaring , " SYPHILITIC SON OF A BITCH ! " as he hurls his racket to the clay at his feet ?
And who could say Ted does not mean it be seen when he stops in front of the kibitzers as he and his opponent change sides ?
" YOU OKAY ? "
Ted wheezes as he yells as his foe .
" HOW D'YA FEEL ?... HOW OLD ARE YOU ?... JUST WORRIED ABOUT YOUR HEART HA HA HAW . "
Ted turns and winks , mops his face .
A kibitzer says mildly : " How are you , Ted ? "
And Ted drops the towel , swells with Florida air , grins gloriously , and booms back :
" WELL , HOW DO I LOOK ?... HUH ?... WHAT DO YOU THINK OF TED WILLIAMS NOW ? "
Esquire
It is another matter , though , to interrupt his tour of life , and force yourself on his attention .
This is where the dos and don'ts come in .
The dos fall to you .
They concern your conduct , habits , schedule , attitude , and grooming .
It 's too long a list to go into , but suffice it to recall the one thing Ted liked about managing the Washington Senators : " I was in a position where people had to by God listen . "
The don'ts , on the other hand , pertain to Ted , and they are probably summed up best by Jimmy Albright , the famous fishing guide , Ted 's friend since 1947 and Islamorada neighbor .
" Ted do n't do , " Jimmy says , " mucha anything he do n't want to . "
He does not wait or bend his schedule : " I have n't got my whole career to screw around with you , bush ! "
He does not screw around with anything for long , unless it 's hunting fish , and then he 'll spend all day with perfect equanimity .
He does not reminisce , except in rare moods of ease .
He does not talk about his personal life .
" Why the hell should I ? "
His standing in the worlds of baseball and fishing would not net him an invitation a night , but he does not go to dinners .
One reason is he does not wear ties , and probably has n't suffered one five times in a quarter century .
Neither does he go to parties , where he'd have to stand around , with a drink in his hand , " listening to a lot of bullshit . "
No , he 'd rather watch TV .
He does not go to restaurants , and the reasons are several :
They make a fuss , and the owner or cook 's on his neck like gnat .
Or worse , it 's a stream of sportsfans ( still Ted 's worst epithet ) with napkins to sign .
At restaurants you wait , wait , wait .
Restaurants have little chairs and tables , no place for elbows , arms , knees , feet .
At restaurants there 's never enough food .
Lastly , restaurants charge a lot , and Ted does n't toss money around .
( A few years ago he decided $ 2.38 was top price for a pound of beef .
For more than a year , he honed his technique on chuck roast and stew meat .
Only an incipient boycott by his friends , frequent dinner guests , finally shook his resolve . )
The last reason is seized upon unkindly by restaurateurs in Islamorada and nearby Keys : " No , he does n't come in .
He 's too cheap .
He'd go all over town , sonofabitch , and he'd pay by check , hoping they would n't cash the check , they 'd put it on the wall . "
But this is resentment speaking , and it is Ted 's lot in life to be misunderstood .
Some are put off , for instance , by the unlisted phone , by the steel fence , the burglar alarm , and KEEP OUT signs that stud his gates when he swings them shut with the carbon - steel chain and the padlock .
But his friends think nothing of it .
A few have his number , but they do n't call , as they know he 's got the phone off the hook .
No , they 'll cruise by ; if the gates are unchained , if they see his faded blue truck with the bumper sticker sign IF GUNS ARE OUTLAWED ONLY OUTLAWS WILL HAVE GUNS , if it 's not mealtime and not too late and there 's nothing they know of that 's pissing Ted off , well , then ... they drive right in .
And this is the way to meet Ted : by introduction of an old friend , like Jimmy Albright .
It 's Jimmy who knows where to park the car so it wo n't annoy Ted .
It 's Jimmy who cautions , as we throw away out cigarettes , that Ted wo n't allow any smoke in his house .
It 's Jimmy who starts the ball rolling , calls out " Hiya , Ted ! " as the big guy launches himself from his chair and stalks across the living room , muttering in the stentorian growl that passes with him as sotto voce : " Now who the hell is THIS ? "
He fills the door .
" Awright , come on in .
WELL , GET THE HELL IN HERE . "
He sticks out a hand , but his nose twitches , lip curls at a lingering scent of smoke .
Ted 's got my hand , now , but he says to Jimmy : " S'that you who stinks , or this other one , too ?
Jesus !
Awright , sit down .
Sit over there . "
" WELL , HOW DO I LOOK ?... HUH ?... WHAT DO YOU THINK OF TED WILLIAMS NOW ? "
Ted wants to keep this short and sweet .
He 's in the kitchen , filling tumblers with fresh lemonade .
Still , his voice rattles the living room : " D'YOU READ THE BOOK ? "
He means his memoir , My Turn at Bat .
" Anything you 're gonna ask , I guarantee it's in the goddamn book .... Yeah , awright .
I only got one copy myself .
" Where 's the BOOK ? " he yells to Louise Kaufman , his mate .
Ted thinks that Lou knows the location of everything he wants .
" HEY SWEETIES , WHERE'S THAT GODDAMN BOOK ? "
Lou has raised three sons , so no man , not even Ted , is going to fluster her .
She comes downstairs bearing the book , which she hands to Ted , and which he throws to the floor at my feet .
He growls : " Now , I want you to read that .
And then I 'm gonna ask you a key question . "
I ask : " Tomorrow ?
Should I call ? "
" HELL NO . "
" Jimmy says he 'll arrange a meeting . "
Ted says : " HOW'S THAT LEMONADE ? "
" Good . "
" HUH ? IS IT ?... WELL , WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ME ? "
In the car , minutes later , Jimmy explains that Ted wo n't talk on the phone .
" Ted gimme his number twenty - five years ago , " Jimmy says .
" And I never give it yet to any asshole . "
We both nod solemnly as this fact settles , and we muse on the subject of trust .
I 'm thinking of the fine camaraderie between sportsmen and ... wait a minute .
Jimmy and Ted have been friend forty years now .
Does that make fifteen years
Ted did n't give him the number ?
I 'm glad it 's over .
Before anything else , understand that I am glad it 's over ... I would n't go back to being eighteen or nineteen years old knowing what was in store , the sourness and bitterness , knowing how I thought the weight of the damn world was always on my neck , grinding on me .
I would n't go back to that for anything .
I would n't want to go back .... I wanted to be the greatest hitter who ever lived ....
— Ted Williams , with John Underwood : My Turn at Bat
San Diego was a small town , and the Williams house was a small box of wood , one story like the rest on Utah Street .
It was a workingman 's neighborhood , but at the bottom of the Great Depression a lot of men were n't working .
Ted 's father was a photographer with a little shop downtown .
Later he got a U.S. marshal 's job , in gratitude for some election favors he 'd done for Governor Merriam , and that remained his claim to fame .
Ted never saw much of him .
His mother was the strength in the family , a small woman with a will of steel who gave her life to the Salvation Army .
She was always out on the streets , San Diego or south of the border , the Angel of Tijuana , out fighting the devil drink , selling the War Cry or playing on a cornet , and God - blessing those who vouchsafed a nickel .
Sometimes she 'd take along her elder boy , and Ted hated it , but he did n't disobey .
He was a scrawny kid and shy , and he tried to shrink behind the bass drum so none of his friends would see .
There was school , but he was n't much good there .
History was the only part he liked .
And then he'd come home , and his mother was out , and sometimes it was 10:00 at night , and Ted and his brother , Danny , were still on the porch on Utah Street , waiting for someone to let them in .
Soon home lost its place at the center of Ted 's life .
There was n't much in the little house that could make him feel special .
It was n't the place where he could be the Ted Williams he wanted to be .
North Park playground was a block away , and there , with one friend , a bat , and a ball , Ted could be the biggest man in the majors .
The game he played was called Big League : one kid pitched , the other hit to a backstop screen .
" Okay , here 's the great Charlie Gehringer , " Ted would announce , as he took his stance .
Or sometimes it was Bill Terry , Hank Wilson , or another great man he'd never seen .
" Last of the ninth , two men on , two out , here 's the pitch ... Gehringer swings ! "
Ted swung .
Crack !
Another game - winning shot for the great ... the Great Ted Williams .
They were just the dreams of a kid , that 's all .
But Ted went back to the playground every day .
First it was with a friend his own age , then the playground director , Rod Luscomb , a grown man , a two - hundred - pounder who 'd made it to the Cal State League .
Ted pitched to Luscomb , Luscomb to Ted .
At first they 'd always tell each other when they were going to throw a curve .
But then Ted started calling out : " Do n't tell me , just see if I can hit it . "
Crack !
Ted could hit it .
" Listen , Lusk , " Ted used to say .
" Someday I 'm going to build myself a ball park with cardboard fences .
Then , I 'm going to knock 'em all down , every darn one , with home runs . "
But Ted was n't hitting homers with his scrawny chest , those skinny arms .
Luscomb set him to push - ups , twenty , then forty , fifty , then a hundred , then fingertip push - ups .
Ted did them at home on Utah Street .
He picked his high school , Herbert Hoover High , because it was new and he's have a better chance to make the team .
When he made it , he came to school with glove hung like a badge on his belt .
He carried a bat to class .
And after his last class ( or before ) , it was back to the playground .
Then in darkness , home for dinner , the push - ups , and the dreams .
Esquire
There were no major leagues in San Diego .
There was no TV .
He had no more idea of the life he sought than we have of life on the moon .
Maybe less , for we 've seen the replays .
Ted had to dream it all himself .
And how could he measure what he'd give up ?
He was n't interested in school , did n't care about cars , or money , or girls .
He felt so awkward , except on the field .
There , he 'd show what Ted Williams could do .
Now Hoover
High went to Pomona for a doubleheader , and Ted pitched the first game , played outfield in the second , and hit and hit , and Hoover won , and was n't it great ?
There was an ice cream cart , and Ted ate eighteen Popsicles .
His teammates started counting when he got to ten .
But Ted did n't mind them making fun .
That 's how good he felt : him hitting , and Hoover winning , and the big crowd .
Gee , that 's the governor !
And Ted found himself in the governor 's path , the man who'd tossed his father a job , and he had to say something , and the awkwardness came flooding back , he felt red in his face .
So Ted grabbed tighter on his bat and he barked at Merriam : " HIYA , GOV ! "
Of course people called him cocky .
But he only wondered : Was he good enough ?
At seventeen , as high school closed , he signed with the local team , the Coast League Padres .
They offered him $ 150 a month and said they 'd pay for the whole month of June , even though this was already June 20 .
So that was Ted 's bonus -- twenty days ' pay .
He did n't care : he was a step closer , and each day was a new wonder .
He rode the trains , farther from home than he'd ever been .
He stayed in hotels with big mirrors , and Ted would stand at a mirror with a bat , or a rolled - up paper , anything -- just to see his swing , how he looked : he had to look good .
He got balls from the club , so many that his manager , Frank Shellenback , thought Ted must be selling them .
No , Ted took them to his playground , got Lusk and maybe a kid to shag flies , and hit the covers off those balls .
Best of all , there were major leaguers , real ones , to see .
They were old by the time they came to the Coast League , but Ted watched them , almost ate them with his eyes , measured himself against their size .
Lefty O'Doul was managing the San Francisco Seals , and he was one of the greats .
Ted stopped Lefty on the field one day .
He had to know : " Mr. O'Doul , please ... what should I do to be a good hitter ? "
And Lefty said : " Kid , best advice I can give you is do n't let anybody change you . "
Ted walked around on air .
After that , in bad times , he'd hear O'Doul 's voice telling him he'd be okay .
The bad times were slumps .
If Ted could n't hit , the world went gray .
In his second year with San Diego , Ted hit a stretch of oh - for - eighteen .
He hung around the hotel in San Francisco , moping .
He did n't know what to do with himself .
He got a paper and turned to the sports .
There was an interview with O'Doul .
The headline said : WILLIAMS GREATEST HITTER SINCE WANER .
And Ted thought : I wonder who this Williams is ?
It was a newspaper that told him , too , about Boston buying his contract .
The Red Sox !
Ted 's heart sank .
It was a fifth - place club and as far away as any team could be : cold , northerly , foreign .
Still , it was big league , was n't it ?
He had to borrow $ 200 for the trip east ; there were floods that spring , 1938 .
He got to Sarasota , Florida , about a week late .
And when he walked into the clubhouse , all the players were on the field .
" Well , so you 're the kid . "
It was Johnny Orlando , clubhouse boy .
The way Johnny told it , he 'd been waiting for this Williams .
" Then , one morning , this Li'l Abner walks into the clubhouse .
He 's got a red sweater on , his shirt open at the neck , a raggedy duffle bag .
His hair 's on end like he 's attached to an electric switch ....' Where you been , Kid ? '
I asked him .
' Do n't you know we been working out almost a whole week ?
Who you supposed to be , Ronald Colman or somebody , you can't get here on time ? ' "
Johnny gave
Ted a uniform , the biggest he had in stock .
But as Ted grabbed a couple of bats , his arms and legs stuck out , the shirttail would n't stay in his pants .
" Well , come on , Kid , " Johnny said , and he led the bean pole out to the field .
From the first - base stands , a voice yelled : " Hey , busher , tuck your shirt in !
You 're in the big leagues now . "
" Someday I 'm going to build myself a ball park with cardboard fences .
Then , I 'm going to knock 'em all down , every darn one , with home runs . "
Ted wheeled around , face red .
" Who 's the wise guy in the stands ? "
Johnny told him : " That 's Joe Cronin , Kid , your manager . "
Ted put his head down and made for the outfield .
It was n't the reception he'd expected , but at least he had his nickname .
Everyone heard Johnny show him around .
" Look here , Kid .
Go over there , Kid . "
It stuck right away ; it was a role , he knew .
And soon Joe Cronin would fill the spot Rod Luscomb had held in Ted 's life .
Cronin was only thirty - one , but that was old enough .
He was a hitter and a teacher , a manager , counselor , and Ted was ever the Kid .
Cronin had come from Washington , one of the Red Sox 's imported stars .
The owner , Tom Yawkey , was buying a contender .
Along with Cronin , the Hall of Fame shortstop , Yawkey raided Washington for Ben Chapman , a speedy right fielder and .300 hitter .
From the Browns , Yawkey got Joe Vosmik , a left fielder who would hit .324 .
From the A's , Yawkey bought two old greats , Lefty Grove and Jimmy Foxx , along with Doc Cramer , another .300 hitter , for center field .
These were the finest hitters
Ted had seen .
He could n't take his eyes off the batter 's box .
But the presence of all those hitters in camp meant one thing of terrible import to Ted : no nineteen - year - old outfielder was breaking in , not that year , and the veterans let Ted know it .
Vosmik , Chapman , and Cramer , rough old boys all of them , made sure he had his share of insults .
He lasted about a week , until the club broke camp for the first game in Tampa .
Ted was n't going to Tampa .
He was headed to Daytona Beach , where the Minneapolis farm team trained .
Ted saw the list and the shame welled up , turned to rage .
He yelled to the veteran outfielders : " I 'll be back .
And I 'll make more money in this fucking game than all three of you combined . "
When he walked to the bus stop with Johnny Orlando , he asked : " How much you think those guys make ? "
And Johnny said : " I do n't know , maybe fifteen thousand apiece . "
Ted nodded , his mouth set in a grim line .
He had his salary goal now .
Then he borrowed $ 2.50 from Johnny for the bus trip to the minors .
In Minneapolis , Ted led the league in everything : average , home runs , runs batted in , screwball stunts ....
There were tales of his conduct in the outfield , where he'd sit down between batters , or practice swinging an imaginary bat , watching his leg - stride , watching his wrist - break , watching everything except balls hit to him .
If he did notice a fly ball , he 'd gallop after it , slapping his ass and yelling , " HI HO SILVER ! "
He was nineteen , and fans loved him .
But if there was one boo , the Kid would hear it , and he'd try to shut the sonofabitch up for good .
Once , when a heckler got on him , Ted fired a ball into the stands -- and hit the wrong guy .
That was more than the manager , poor old Donie Bush , could stand .
He went to the owner , Mike Kelley , and announced : " That 's it .
One of us goes .
Him or me . "
Kelley replied , quick and firm : " Well , then , Donie , it 'll have to be you . "
By the time Ted came back to Sarasota , the Red Sox were banking on him , too .
They traded Ben Chapman , the right fielder who'd hit .340 the year before .
Ted told himself : " I guess that shows what they think of ME . "
It was like he had to convince himself he was really big league now .
Even after a good day , three - for - four , he'd sit alone in the hotel with the canker of one failure eating at him .
If he screwed up , or looked bad , the awkwardness turned to shame , the shame to rage .
As the team headed north , Ted was hitting a ton , but it was n't enough .
At the first stop , Atlanta , Johnny Orlando pointed out the strange right - field wall -- three parallel fences , one behind the other .
Johnny said : " I saw Babe Ruth hit one over that last fence .... "
Ted vowed right there he'd do it , too .
But the next day , he could n't clear one fence .
Worse still , he made an error .
In the seventh , he put the Sox up with a three - run triple , but it was n't enough .
He had to show what Ted Williams could do !
When he struck out in the eighth , he went to right field seething .
Then a popup twisted toward his foul line .
He ran and ran , dropped the ball , then booted it trying to pick it up .
Rage was pounding in him .
He grabbed the ball and fired it over those right - field walls .
By the time the ball hit Ponce de Leon Avenue and bounced up at a Sears store , Cronin had yanked Ted out of the game .
Even
Ted could n't understand what that rage was to him , why he fed it , would n't let it go .
He only knew that the next day in Atlanta , he smashed a ball over those three walls and trotted to the bench with a hard stare that asked Johnny Orlando , and anyone else who cared to look :
Well , what do you think of the Kid now ?
He had a great first year in the bigs .
On his first Sunday at Fenway Park , he was four - for - five with his first home run , a shot to the bleachers in right - center , where only five balls had landed the whole year before .
There were nine Boston dailies that vied in hyperbole on the new hero .
TED WILLIAMS REVIVES FEATS OF BABE RUTH , said the Globe after Ted 's fourth game .
From every town he wrote a letter to Rod Luscomb with a layout of the ball park and a proud X where his homer hit .
He was always first to the stadium and last to leave after a game .
He took his bats to the post office to make sure they were the proper weight .
He quizzed the veterans mercilessly about the pitchers coming up .
" What does Newsom throw in a jam ?
How about Ruffing 's curve ? "
It was as if he meant to ingest the game .
He only thought baseball .
On trains , he 'd never join the older guys in poker games or drinking bouts .
At hotels , it was always room service , and Ted in his shorts , with a bat , at a mirror .
His roomie was Broadway Charlie Wagner , a pitcher with a taste for fancy suits and an occasional night on the town .
One night , 4:00 A.M. , Wagner was sleeping the sleep of the just when , wham , CRASH , he 's on the floor , with the bed around his ears , and he figures it 's the end .
He opens his eyes to see the bean - pole legs , then the shorts , and then the bat .
Ted 's been practicing and he hit the bedpost .
Does he say he 's sorry ?
No , he does n't say a damn thing to Wagner .
He 's got a little dream - child smile on his face and he murmurs to himself : " Boy , what power ! "
He ended up hitting .327 and leading the league for runs batted in , the first time a rookie ever won that crown .
He finished with thirty - one home runs , at least one in each American League park .
There was no rookie of the year award , but Babe Ruth himself put the title on Ted , and that seemed good enough .
And after the season , he did n't go home .
San Diego had lost its hold .
His parents were getting a divorce , and that was pain he did n't want to face .
He did n't want to see his troubled brother .
He did n't want to see the crummy little house with the stained carpet and the chair with the hole where the mice ate through .
He had a car now , a green Buick worth a thousand bucks .
He went to Minnesota .
There was a girl there he might want to see .
Her dad was a hunting guide , and he could talk to her .
And there was duck to hunt .
As many as he wanted .
And he could go where he wanted .
And do what he wanted .
He was twenty - one .
And Big League .
Getty Images
Everybody knew 1940 would be a great year .
Ted knew he'd be better : now he'd seen the pitchers , he knew he could do it .
Tom Yawkey sent him a contract for $ 10,000 , double his rookie pay .
" I guess that shows what they think of ME . "
No one thought about this , but pitchers had seen Ted , too .
And this time around , no one was going to try to blow a fastball by him .
Cronin was having an off year and Double - X Foxx was getting old and would never again be batting champ .
So the pressure fell to Ted .
If they pitched around him and he got a walk , that was n't enough , the Sox needed hits .
If he got a hit , it should have been a homer .
A coven of bleacherites started riding Ted .
And why not ?
They could always get a rise .
Sometimes he 'd yell back .
Or he'd tell the writers : " I 'm gonna take raw hamburger out to feed those wolves . "
The papers rode the story hard : O Unhappy Star !
Then he told the writers : " Aw , Boston 's a shitty town .
Fans are lousy . "
Now the papers added commentary , pious truths about the Boston fans as the source of Ted 's fine income .
So Ted let them have it again : " My salary is peanuts .
I 'd rather be traded to New York . "
That did it .
Now it was n't just a left - field crowd riding Ted .
It was civic sport .
He does n't like Boston , huh ?
Who does he think he is ?
Writers worked the clubhouse , trying to explain the Kid. Big Jimmy Foxx , a hero to Ted , said : " Aw , he 's just bein ' a spoiled boy . "
The great Lefty Grove said if Williams did n't hustle , he 'd punch him in the nose .
Of course , all that made the papers .
Now when writers came to his locker , Ted did n't wait for questions .
" HEY , WHAT STINKS ? " he 'd yell in their faces .
" HEY !
SOMETHING STINK IN HERE ?
OH , IT'S YOU , WELL , NO WONDER WITH THAT SHIT YOU WROTE . "
So , they made new nicknames for him : Terrible Ted , the Screwball , the Problem Child .
Fans picked it up and gave him hell .
It did n't seem to matter what he did anymore .
And Ted read the stories in his hotel room and knew he was alone .
Sure , he read the papers , though he always said he did n't .
He read the stories twenty times , he 'd recite them word for word .
He 'd pace the room and seethe , want to shut them up , want to hit them back .
But he did n't know how .
And Ted would sit alone in the locker room , boning his bats , not just the handle , like other guys did , but the whole bat , grinding down the wood , compressing the fiber tighter , making it tougher , harder , tighter .
He would string the ball , he 'd show them .
He 'd shut them up .
Jesus , he was trying .
And he was hitting .
Was n't his average up ?
Was n't he leading the league in runs ?
He was doing it like he'd taught himself , like he 'd dreamed .
Was n't that enough ?
What the hell did they want him to be ?
What else could he be ?
Some players tried to help , to ease him up a bit .
Once , Ted gave Doc Cramer a ride , and they were talking hitting , as Ted always did .
It was at Kenmore Square that Cramer said : " You know who 's the best , do n't you ?
You know who 's the best in the league ?
You are . "
And Ted never forgot those words .
But neither could he forget what was written , just as he could n't forget one boo , just as he'd never forget the curve that struck him out a year before .
Why did n't they understand ?
He could never forget .
And one day he made an error , and then struck out , and it sounded like all of Fenway was booing , and he ran to the bench with his head down , the red rising in his face , the shame in his belly , and the rage .
Ted thought :
These are the ones who cheered , the fans I waved my cap to ?
Well , never again .
He vowed to himself : Never again .
And he could not forget that either .
Lou is in a Miami hospital for heart tests .
Ted says I can drive up with him .
He figures we 'll talk , and he 'll have me out of his hair .
We start from his house and I wait for him on the porch , where a weary woman irons .
The woman is filling in for Lou and she 's been ironing for hours .
Ted may wear a T - shirt until it 's half holes and no color at all , but he wants it just so .
The woman casts a look of despair at the pile and announces : " She irons his underpants . "
Ted blows through the back door and makes for the car , Lou 's Ford , which he proclaims " a honey of a little car , boys ! "
When Ted puts his seal of judgment on a thing or person , by habit he alerts the whole dugout .
We are out of Islamorada on the crowded highway , U.S. 1 , the only road that perseveres to these islets off the corner of the country , when Ted springs his key question .
" You read the book ?
Awright .
Now we 're going to see how smart YOU are .
What would YOU do to start , I mean , the first goddamn thing now , the first thing you see when you 're sitting in the seats and the lights go off , how would YOU start the movie ? "
Ted is considering a film deal for My Turn at Bat .
He is working the topic of moviedom , as he does anything he wants to know .
Now as he pilots the Ford through Key Largo , he listens with a grave frown to some possible first scenes .
" Awright .
Now I 'll tell you how it 's supposed to start , I mean how the guy 's doing it said ....
It 's in a fighter plane , see , flying , from the pilot 's eye , over KOREA , Seoul .
And it 's flying , slow and sunny and then bang WHAM BOOOOMMM the biggest goddamn explosion ever on the screen .
I mean BOOOOOMMM .
And the screen goes dark .
DARK .
For maybe ten seconds there 's NOTHING .
NOTHING .
And then when it comes back there 's the ball park and the crowd ROARING ... and that 's the beginning .
" Sounds great , Ted . "
" Does it ?
LOOK IT THIS NOW .
I wonder where he 's goin ' .
Well , okay , he 's gonna do that .
Well , okay -- I 'm passing , too .
Fuck it . "
Ted is pushing traffic hard to be at the hospital by 2:00 , when Lou 's doctors have promised results from the heart tests .
He is trying to be helpful , but he'd edgy .
" How long have you and Lou been together ? "
" Oh , I 've known Lou for thirty - five years .
You should n't put any of that shit in there .
Say I have a wonderful friend , that 's all . "
" Yeah , but it makes a difference in how a man lives , Ted , whether he 's got a woman or not -- "
" Boy , that Sylvester Stallone , he 's really made something out of that Rocky , has n't he ?.... "
" So Ted , let me ask you what -- "
" LOOK , I do n't wanta go through my personal life with YOU , for Christ 's sake .
I wo n't talk to you about Lou , I wo n't talk to you about any of it .
You came down here and you 're talkin ' about me , as I 'm supposed to be different and all that .... "
" Do you think you 're different ? "
" NO , not a damn bit .
I 'm in a little bit different POSITION .
I mean , I 've had things happen to me that have , uh , made it possible for me to be different .
DAMN DIFFERENT in some ways .
Everybody 's not a big league ballplayer , everybody does n't have , uh , coupla hitches in the service , everybody has n't had , uh , as much notoriety about 'em as I had ALL MY LIFE , so .... "
" So .... "
" I wanna go NORTH .
I 'm gonna go up here and go farther down .
I made a mistake there , GODDAMNIT , HOW THE HELL DO I GET ON THE FUCKIN ' THING ?
I 'll make a U - turn .... "
" Ted , I think you were more serious about living life on your own terms .... "
" Well , I wanted to be alone at times .
It was the hustle and the bustle of the crowd for seven months a year .
So sure , I wanted a little more privacy , a little more quiet , a little more tranquility .
This is the fucking left we wanted . "
" Yeah , but it 's not just privacy , Ted .
I 'm not trying to make it seem unnatural .
But what you toss off as a little more privacy led you off the continent , so far off in a corner that -- "
" Well , lemme tell you about Koufax .
He got through playin ' baseball , he went to a fuckin ' little shitty remote town in Maine , and that 's where he was for five years .
Everybody thought he was a recluse , he was n't very popular just ' cause he wanted to be alone and he finally moved out .
Lemme tell you about Sterling Hayward , Hayden .
HELL of an actor .
And still he wanted to be ALONE , he wanted to TRAVEL , he wanted to be on his BOAT GOIN ' TO THE SOUTH SEAS .
So , see , that 's not way outa line !.... I guess I 'll take a right , that oughta do it .
Eight seventy - four , do you see 874 anyplace ?
Go down here till I get to Gilliam Road , or some goddamn thing .... Fuck , 874's where I wanted to go , but looked like it was puttin ' me back on this fuckin ' turnpike , shit .
So , you know , seeking privacy and , uh , seeking that kind of thing ... what road is this ? "
" We 're on Killian .... So privacy , you do n't think that 's what ? "
" Unusual , for Christ 's sake .
Shit . "
" I do n't think it 's unusual either . "
" WELL , YOU'RE MAKIN ' A PROJECT OUT OF IT ! "
" No , I do n't think it 's unusual .... You do n't think you 're exceptionally combative ? "
" Nahh , me ?
Not a bit .
Hell , no .
THAT SAY KENDALL ?
Does it ?
Well , I made a hell of a move here .
HELL of a move !
See , 874 is right off there , hospital 's down here .... "
" You 're a half - hour early , too . "
" Here it is , right here , too .
Best hospital in Miami .
Expensive sonofabitch , boy .
Christ .
I 'm all for Medicare .
And I 've always thought that , ALWAYS thought that .
Shit . WELL , WHERE ARE YOU GOING ?
Where ARE you going , lady ?
Cunt ! "
Ted takes the parking space vacated by the lady and tells me he 'll be back in an hour .
When he comes back he has good news about Lou : all tests are negative , her heart is fine .
" Gee , I met the big cardiovascular man , he came in and I met him . "
Ted sounds twenty years younger .
He 's walking to the car when a nurse passes .
" GEE , WASN'T IT A SHAME , " Ted suddenly booms , " THAT ALLIGATOR BIT THAT LITTLE GIRL'S LEG OFF ? "
He casts a sly sideward glance at the nurse to see if she 's fallen for his favorite joke .
There was no rookie of the year award , but Babe Ruth himself put the title on Ted , and that seemed good enough .
" Honey of a little shittin ' car ! " he sings out as we hit the road .
Now there is no fretting with traffic .
Ted makes all the turns .
Along the way , he sings forth a monologue about cars , this car , this road , this town of Homestead , that house , his house , the new house he 's planning in central Florida , up on a hill , just about the highest point in the whole goddamn sate , what a deal he 's getting there , Citrus Hills , HELL of a deal ; about his hopes for his kids , his daughter , Claudia , only fourteen , who lives in Vermont with her mother , Ted 's third wife , who was too much of a pain in the ass to live with , but gee , she 's done a hell of a job with those kids , HELL of a job , the little girl is an actress , she had the lead in the Christmas play and she was so good , the papers up there all said she bears watching , SHE BEARS WATCHING , and her brother , Ted 's boy , John Henry , he 's picking colleges now , he 's a good boy and Ted 's critical , but he can't see too much wrong with that boy , and even the big daughter , Bobby Jo , she 's thirty - eight already , still can bust Ted 's chops pretty good , boys , but she 's straightening out now ; and these islands , there 's bonefish here , used to be wonderful , years ago , there was NOTHING , NOTHING except a few of the best fishermen God ever made , and a narrow road between bay and sea , just a little shittin ' road , and some women who were n't half bad on the water of off it either , and the world here was empty and the water was clear and you could have a few pops of rum , maybe get a little horny , go see friends , that 's all there was here , a few friends , thirty , thirty - five years ago , when this place was young , when he first fished with Jimmy and he met Lou ....
" Gee , I 'm so fuckin ' happy about Louise , " Ted says .
" Goddamn , she 's a great person .
Have more fun with her than ... Goddamn . "
Gjon Mili / The LIFE Picture Collection / Getty Image
They booed in Boston ?
Well , not in Detroit , the 1941 All - Star Game , with all the nation listening in .
Ted doubled in a run in the fourth , but the National League still led 5 - 3 , going into the ninth .
Then an infield hit , a single , a walk , a botched double play , and here it was : two out , two on , bottom of the ninth .
Here 's the Great Ted Williams .
Claude Passeau , the Cubbie on the mound , sends a mean fastball in on his fists .
Williams swings !
When the ball made the seats , Ted started jumping on the base path .
DiMaggio met him at home plate , Bob Feller ran out in street clothes , Cronin jumped the box - seat rail , the dugout emptied .
The manager , Del Baker , kissed him on the forehead .
They carried the Kid off the field .
He was showing them all now ; after the All - Star break , Ted was still hitting more than .400 .
Sure , guys hit like that for a month , but then tailed off .
No one in the league hit like that for a year , not since the Twenties , and each day the whole country watched .
Writers from New York joined the Sox .
Life brought its new strobe - light camera to photograph
Ted in his shorts , swinging like he did in front of the mirror .
Ted was on national radio : " Can you keep it up , Kid ? "
It was murderous pressure .
By September , he was slipping , almost a point a day .
On the last day , the Sox would have two games in Philadelphia .
Ted had slipped to .39955 .
The way they round off averages , that 's still .400 .
Cronin came to Ted on the eve of the twin bill and offered : " You could sit it out , Kid , have it made . "
But Ted said he 'd play .
That night , he and Johnny Orlando walked Philadelphia .
Ted stopped for milk shakes , Johnny for whiskey .
Ten thousand people came to Shibe Park , though the games meant nothing .
Connie Mack , the dour and penurious owner of the A's , threatened his men with fines if they eased up on Williams .
But Ted did n't need help .
First game , he got a single , then a home run , then two more singles .
Second game , two more hits : one a screaming double that hit Mr. Mack 's right - field loudspeaker so hard that the old man had to buy a new horn .
In all , Ted went six - for - eight , and .406 for his third season .
That night , he went out , he went out for chocolate ice cream .
Who could tell what he'd do the next year : maybe .450 , the best ever , or break the Babe 's record of sixty homers .
He got a contract for $ 30,000 , and he meant to fix up his mother 's house .
He 'd have more money than he'd ever expected .
He was the toast of the nation .
But then the nation went to war .
Ted wanted to play .
He 'd read where some admiral said we 'd kick the Japs back to Tokyo in six months .
What was that compared to hitting ?
A lawyer in Minnesota drew up a plea for deferment , and Ted okayed the request : he was entitled , as his mother 's support .
When the local board refused deferment , the lawyer sent it up for review by the presidential board .
That 's when the papers got it .
In headlines the size of howitzer shells , they said Ted did n't want to fight for his country .
Teddy Ballgame just wanted to play .
Tom Yawkey called to say he could be making the mistake of his life .
The league president told Ted to go ahead and play .
Papers ran man - on - the - streets polls .
In Boston , Ted was bigger news than war in the Pacific .
At spring training , Joe Cronin said he'd be on his own with fans .
" To hell with them , " Ted spat .
" I 've heard plenty of boos . "
Still , he remembered the venomous letters that said he was an ingrate or a traitor .
The one that hurt the most said nothing at all : it was just a blank sheet of paper , yellow paper .
Opening day in Boston , reporters sat in the left - field stands , out there with soldiers and sailors , to record reaction to Ted .
The Kid treated the day as a personal challenge .
His first time up , two on , two strikes , he got a waist - high fastball and drilled it into the bleachers .
All the fans rose to cheer , servicemen among them .
The Kid was back , and Fenway was with him .
" Yeah , 98 percent were for me , " Ted said later , as he scraped his bat .
A writer said : " You mean 100 percent .
I did n't hear a boo . "
Ted said : " Yeah , they were for me , except a couple of kids in the left - field stand , and a guy out in right .
I could hear them . "
In May , he enlisted for Navy wings and that shut up most of the hecklers .
Still , he was always in a stew of contempt for some joker who said something unfair .
It seemed Ted courted the rage now , used it to bone his own fiber .
Now there was no awkwardness , no blushing before he blew .
It was automatic , a switch in his gut that snapped on and then , watch out for the Kid .
One day in July , a fan in left was riding Ted pretty hard .
Ted came to bat in the fifth : he took a strange stance and swung late , hit a line drive , but well foul into the left - field seats .
Next pitch , again he swung late , hit another liner , but this stayed fair -- and Ted did n't run , barely made it to second .
Cronin yanked him out of the game , fined him $ 250 for loafing .
But Ted was n't loafing , the hit caught him by surprise .
He 's been trying to kill the heckler with a line drive foul .
Ted loved the service , its certainty and ease .
He never had a problem with authority .
It was drawing his own lines that gave him fits .
He had his fears about the mathematics , navigation problems , and instrument work .
But at Amherst College , where the Navy started training , he found his mind was able , and he was pleased .
And he loved the feel of an airplane .
He was good , right from the start .
There was coordination in it , and care : those were natural to him .
And he was a constant student , always learning in the air .
But he was proudest of his gunnery , the way he could hold back until the last pass , then pour out the lead and shred the sleeve .
That was n't study , that was art .
He got his wings near the top of his class and signed on as an instructor at Pensacola , Florida .
He was happy , and good at his job .
Strangely , in uniform , he was freer than before .
On the day he was commissioned ( second lieutenant , U.S. Marines ) , he married that daughter of the hunting guide , Doris Soule from Minnesota .
Now , for the first time , he'd have a house , a place on the coast near the base .
And now , on off days , he 'd scrape up some gas stamps , grab his fly rod , find a lonesome canal , and lose himself in a hunt for snook .
But back at the base , Ted would grab a cadet and take him up in his SNJ , and the new guy of course was goggle - eyed , flying with Ted Williams , and Ted would make his plane dance over the coast , then he'd dive and point , and yell to the cadet : " That 's where the Kid fished yesterday . "
Orders came through slowly for him .
What base commander would give him up as ornament and outfielder ?
At last he got combat training and packed up for the Pacific .
But Ted was just getting to Hawaii when Japan folded .
So he packed up again for Boston , and now he felt he was going to war .
He came back like he owned the game .
Opening day , Washington , after a three - year layoff : crack , a four - hundred - foot home run .
And then another and another , all around the league .
By the All - Star break in ' 46 , he was hitting .365 , with twenty - seven home runs .
In the All - Star Game , Ted alone ruined the National League : four straight hits , two homers , and five runs batted in .
And the Red Sox were burying the American League .
Tom Yawkey 's millions were paying off .
The team as a whole was hitting .300 , and Ted was hammering the right - field walls .
In the first game of two in Cleveland , he hit three homers , one a grand slam when the Sox were behind , the second with two on to tie , the third in the bottom of the ninth to win 11 - 10 .
As Ted came up in the second game , Cleveland 's manager , Lou Boudreau , started moving men : the right fielder backed toward the corner , center fielder played the wall in right - center ; the third baseman moved behind second , and Boudreau , the shortstop , played a deep second base ; the second baseman stood in short right , the first baseman stood behind his bag .
There were eight men on one half of the field ( the left fielder was alone on the other ) and Ted stood at home plate and laughed out loud .
There never had been anything like it .
He had bent the nature of the game .
But he would not bend his own , and slap the ball for singles to left .
He hit into the teeth of the Shift ( soon copied around the league ) , and when he slumped , and the Sox with him , the papers started hammering Ted again , his pride , his " attitude . "
At last , against the Shift in Cleveland , Ted sliced a drive to left - center , and slid across the plate with an inside - the - park home run , first and last of his career .
The Sox had their first pennant since 1918 .
But the headlines did n't say , SOX CLINCH .
Instead , eight - column banners cried that Ted stayed away from the champagne party .
" Ted Williams , " Dave Egan wrote in the Record , " is not a team man . "
And when St. Louis pulled the Shift in the Series and held Ted to singles , five - for - twenty - five , a new banner read : WILLIAMS BUNTS .
And the Red Sox lost the Series , first and last of his career , and after the seventh game , in St. Louis , Ted went to the train , closed his compartment , hung his head , and cried .
When he looked up , he saw a crowd watching him through the window .
The papers wrote : " Ted Williams can not win the big ones . "
The Associated Press voted him number two in a poll for Flop of the Year .
It seemed like Ted could n't laugh anymore , not in a ball park .
He said he was going to Florida to fish .
He did n't want to see a bat for months .
Soon that was a pattern : one year , before spring training , he tucked in a week in the Everglades .
Next year , it was a month .
Year after that , longer .
In early 1948 , the papers discovered that Doris was in a Boston hospital to deliver Ted 's first child .
But where was the big guy ?
In Florida ?
FISHING ?
The mothers of Boston pelted the press with angry letters .
" To hell with them , " Ted said .
He did n't come north for two days .
And two days later , he was back fishing .
In two years , he 'd moved Doris and his daughter , Barbara Joyce , to a house in Miami , the first he 'd ever owned .
Hut he never stayed home there either .
He heard about some men in the Keys catching bonefish with light fly tackle .
When Ted tried this new sport , he found a love that would last longer than any of his marriages .
Ted did n't care for the money as much as the record .
It was history now that was the burr on his back .
The joy was gone , but not the dream .
The Keys were empty , their railroad wrecked by a hurricane in 1935 .
There were only a few thousand souls on one road that ran for a hundred miles ; the rest was just mangrove and mosquitoes , crushed coral islands , and shining water .
In Islamorada -- a town of one store , a bar , a restaurant , one gas pump -- a few fishing guides , led by Jimmy Albright , were poling their skiffs over shallows that only they knew , hunting bonefish and inventing an art as they went along .
These were Ted 's kind of men , who 'd sneer or scream at a chairman of the stock exchange if he made a lousy cast .
Islamorada was a strange meritocracy : if you could not play a fish , tie a fly , cast a line through the wind , you were no one in this town .
Ted could do it all , brilliantly .
The guides did n't make much fuss about his fame , but they loved his fishing .
His meticulous detail work , always an oddity at Fenway Park , was respected here as the mark of a fine angler .
Ted had the best tackle , the best reels , best rods , the perfect line , his lures were impeccable .
He 'd work for hours at a bench in his house , implanting balsa plugs with lead so they 'd sail off a spinning rod just so , then settle in the water slowly like fly .
He could stand on the bow of a skiff all day , watching the water for signs of fish , and soon he was seeing them before the guides .
His casts were quick and long , his power was immense .
He never seemed to snap a line , never tangled up , his knots were sure , his knowledge grew , and he always wanted to know more .
He 'd question Jimmy relentlessly and argue every point .
But if you showed him something once , he never needed showing again .
He fished with Jimmy week after week , and one afternoon as he stood on the bow , he asked without turning his head : " Who 's the best you ever fished ? "
Jimmy said a name , Al Mathers .
Ted nodded , " Uh - huh , " and asked another question , but he vowed to himself : " He do n't know it yet , but the best angler he 's had is me . "
Every winter , he'd fish the flats , then head north to make his appearance at the Boston Sportsmen 's Show .
He 'd spend a few days doing fly - casting stunts and then take a couple of hours , at most , to tell Tom Yawkey what he wanted for a contract .
His salary was enormous .
He was the first to break Babe Ruth's $ 80,000 .
Ted did n't care for the money as much as the record .
It was history now that was the burr on his back .
The joy was gone , but not the dream .
Every day , every season , he was still first to the ball park , where he'd strip to shorts and bone his bats ; still first out to the cage , where he'd bark his imaginary play - by - play : " Awright , Detroit , top of the ninth ... "
Then back to his locker for a clean shirt and up at a trot to the dugout , to clap a hostile eye on the pitcher warming up , to pick apart his delivery , hunting for any weakness .
No , Ted would not give up on one game , one time at bat , a single pitch .
No one since Ruth had hit so many home runs per times at bat .
No one in the league hit like Ted , year after year : .342 , .343 , .369 , .343 ....
It seemed he never broke a bat at the plate , but he broke a hundred in the clubhouse runway .
If he failed at the plate he'd scream at himself , " YOU GODDAMN FOOL ! " and bash the cement , while the Sox in the dugout stared ahead with mute smiles .
Once , after a third strike , he smashed the water pipe to the cooler with his bare fists .
No could believe it until the flood began .
And on each opening day , Ted would listen to the national anthem and he'd feel the hair rise on the back of his neck , and his bands would clench , and he'd vow to himself : " This year , the best ever . "
In the 1950 All - Star Game , he crashed the outfield wall to catch a drive by Ralph Kiner .
His elbow was broken , with thirteen clips off the radius .
Surgeons thought he was through , but Ted returned in two months .
His first game back , once again : home run , and four - for - four .
But Ted could tell as weeks went by that the elbow was not the same .
The ball did n't jump off his bat .
So all next winter , Ted stayed in the Keys , where he poled a skiff , hunting bonefish and rebuilding his arm .
He was pushing thirty - three now , just coming to know how short was his time .
But then , after the ' 51 season , he was called back to the Marines , drafted for a two - year hitch in Korea .
It seemed like his time was up .
Thomas S. England / The LIFE Images Collection / Getty Image
TED'S LIVING ROOM HAS A WIDE white armchair , into and out of which he heaves himself twenty times a day ; the chair has a wide white ottoman onto which he 'll flop , as whim dictates , one or both of his big legs .
From this chair , he roars commands and inquiries , administering the house and grounds .
Across the room , a big TV shows his National Geographic specials .
At his side , a table holds his reading correspondence .
At the moment , these piles are topped by Yeager : An Autobiography , and teachers ' reports on his son , John Henry .
To Ted 's right , ten feet away , there 's a doorway to the kitchen , through which Lou can supply him and let him know who that was on the phone .
To his left and behind , a grand window affords a view of a patio , his dock , some mangrove , and some Florida Bay .
Finally , ahead and to the right , in a distant semicircle , there are chairs and a couch for visitors .
" NOW WE'RE GONNA SEE HOW MUCH YOU KNOW , SONOFABITCH , " Ted is shouting at Jack Brothers .
Jimmy
Albright is there , too .
The shouting is ritual .
" Ru-mer . R-U-M-E- R. "
Brothers contends he is spelling the name of the first spinning wheel .
But Ted had hurled himself up to fetch a fishing encyclopedia , and now he 's back in the chair , digging through to the section on spinning .
Just so things do n't get dull , he says : " Where 'd you get that HAIRCUT ?
D'you have to PAY FOR IT ? "
Ted and Jimmy began this colloquy in the early Truman years .
Jack helped heat it up when he drifted down from Brooklyn a few years after the war , before Islamorada got its second restaurant or first motel , not to mention the other ten motels , the condos , gift shops , Burger King , or the billboard to proclaim this place : SPORTFISHING CAPITAL OF THE WORLD .
These elders are responsible for a lot of history here , as they helped create flats fishing and turn it into a sport / industry ( which they not quietly deplore ) .
Jimmy and Jack were teachers of the first generation of saltwater anglers .
Ted is the star of that generation , and its most ferocious pupil .
" Here .
HERE ! ' Mr. Brown began importing SPINNERS , starting with the LUXAR ....'
THE LUXAR , WANNA SEE ?
GO AHEAD , SONOFABITCH ! "
" Yeah , but that do n't say the first spinning reel manufactured . "
Brothers grins in triumph .
" Sonofabitch , with your books ! "
" This is the goddamn HISTORY , Brothers .
Not a FUCKING THING about RUMOR , RHEUMER , RHOOOMAN ... I GUESS YOU DIDN'T KNOW MUCH ABOUT SPINNING REELS , DID YOU ? "
Ted is always the one with the books .
He wants answers , not a lot of bullshit .
Ted is always reading history , biography , fact of all kinds .
He does n't like much made of this , as he 's tender on the subject of his education .
Once in a camp in Africa , while he and his coauthor , John Underwood , gazed at the night sky , Ted turned from the stars and sighed : " Jeez , I wish I was smart like you . "
Now he reports to his friends on his college tours with his son , John Henry : " So we get to Babson and I like it .
Babson 's a pretty good school , boys .
HELL of a school , but , uh , they got dorms , boys and girls all in one dorm , see , and I look on the walls and they 're written all over , Fuck this and Fuck that , I 'm thinking , Gee , right out there on the walls .
It just seemed , you know ... "
" Liberal ? " Jimmy suggests .
" Well , I like to see a place with a little more standards than that .
So we get to Bates .
We got this German girl to show us around , see ?
And she was a smart little shit , two languages , and she 's telling us what she 's studying , aw , a smart little shit !
She give us the tour , see , and John Henry loved Bates , LOVED it .
We get back to the office and she goes out .
I do n't know , she musta told someone , told some of her friends , who she just showed around , see ?
Then somebody told her .
She did n't know , see ....
" Well , a minute later , she 's back with some kid and he says , OH , Mr. Williams !
And OH this and OH that .
And then we start talking .
And how about this , how about that , and how would John Henry like to come for a weekend , get the feel of the place , you know .... "
Ted stops for a moment and thinks to himself .
He does n't really have to finish the thought for his friends , who can see him beaming in his big chair .
So he just trails off , to himself :
" ... boy mighta thought the old man was n't gonna ... you know , around a college .... Well ! "
The mayor and the Red Sox held a day for Ted when he left for flight school .
Three weeks into the ' 52 season , at Fenway , they gave him a Cadillac , and made a donation to the Jimmy Fund , a charity for sick children that Ted supported .
They gave him a Ted Williams Memory Book , with signatures of four hundred thousand fans .
For his last at bat , bottom of the seventh , he gave them a three - run homer to win the game 5 - 3 .
He threw a party that night , at his Boston hotel .
The crowd was mostly cooks and firemen , bellhops , cabbies , ice cream men .
Ted never liked a smart crowd .
Smart people too often asked : " Oh , was your father a ballplayer ? "
" Oh , what did your mother do ? "
Ted did n't like to talk about that .
He was just Captain Williams , U.S. Marines , at his flight base at Pohang , Korea .
He had a shed for a home and a cot with inner - tube strips for springs .
The base was a sea of mud , the air was misty and cold , and he was always sick .
He was flying close air support , low strafing , and bombing runs .
His plane was a jet now , an F - 9 Panther , but he could n't take much joy from flying .
He was in and out of sick bay .
Doctors called it a virus , then pneumonia , but his squadron was short of pilots , so he always flew .
On a bombing run , north of the 38th parallel , Ted lost sight of the plane ahead .
He dropped through clouds , and when he came out , he was much too low .
North Koreans sent up a hail of bullets .
Ted 's place was hit and set afire .
The stick stiffened and shook in his hand ; his hydraulics were gone .
Every warning light was red .
The radio quit .
A Marine in a nearby F - 9 was pointing wildly at Ted 's place .
He was trying to signal : " Fire !
Bail out ! "
But Ted 's biggest fear was ejecting ; at six three , wedged in as he was , he 'd leave his kneecaps under his gauges .
So the other pilot led him to a base .
Ted hauled his plane into a turn and he felt a shudder of explosion .
One of his wheel doors had blown out .
Now he was burning below , too .
He made for a runway with fire streaming thirty feet behind .
Koreans in a village saw his plane and ran for their lives .
Only one wheel came down ; he had no dive breaks , air flaps , nothing to slow the plane .
He hit the concrete at 225 miles per hour and slid for almost a mile , while he mashed the useless brakes and screamed , " STOP YOU DIRTY SONOFABITCH STOP STOP STOP . "
When the F - 9 stopped skidding , he somersaulted out the hatch and slammed his helmet to the ground .
Two Marines grabbed him on the tarmac , and walked him away as the plane burned to char .
He was flying the next day , and day after .
There were n't enough pilots to rest a man .
Ted was sicker , weak and gaunt .
Soon his ears were so bad he could n't hear the radio .
He had flown thirty - seven missions and won three air medals when they sent him to a hospital ship .
Doctors sent him to Hawaii and then to Bethesda , Maryland , where at last they gave him a discharge .
His thirty - fifth birthday was coming up , he was tired and ill .
He did n't want to do anything , much less suit up to play .
But Ford Frick , the commissioner , asked him to the '53 All - Star Game , just to throw out the first ball .
So Ted went to Cincinnati , sat in a sport coat in the dugout .
Players greeted him like a lost brother ; even Ted could n't hear a boo in the stands .
Tom Yawkey was there and Joe Cronin ; they worked on the kid .
The league president asked him to come back ; the National League president , too .
Branch Rickey sat him down for a talk ; Casey Stengel put in a plea .
Ted when to Bethesda to ask the doctors , and then he told the waiting press to send a message to the fans at Fenway : " Warm up your lungs . "
He took ten days of batting practice and returned with the Red Sox to Boston .
First game , Fenway Park , bottom of the seventh : pinch - hit home run .
Ted Williams was the greatest old hitter .
In two months , upon return from Korea , he batted .407 and hit a home run once in every seven at bats .
For the next two years , he led the league ( .345 and .356 ) , but injuries and walks robbed him of the titles : he did n't get the minimum four hundred at bats .
In 1956 , he lost the title in the season 's last week to twenty - four - year - old Mickey Mantle ( who finished .353 to Ted 's .345 ) .
The next year , Mantle had an even better season , but Ted , at age thirty - nine , pulled away and won , at .388 , more than twenty points ahead of Mantle , more than sixty points ahead of anyone else .
With five more hits ( say , the leg hits that a younger man would get ) , it would have been .400 .
As it was , it stood at the highest average since his own .406 , sixteen years before .
In 1958 , Ted battled for the crown again , this time with a teammate , Pete Runnels .
They were even in September , but then , once again , Ted pulled way to win at .328 .
For the final fifty - five games ( including one on his fortieth birthday ) , he batted .403 .
He accomplished these prodigies despite troubles that would have made most men quit .
In 1954 , he made spring training for the first time in three years , but he was n't on the field a minute before he fell and broke his collarbone .
He was out six weeks and had steel bar wired into his clavicle .
( First day back , twin bill in Detroit : two home runs , eight - for - nine , seven RBIs . )
In 1955 , Doris alleged in divorce court that he'd treated her with " extreme cruelty " and constant profane abuse .
Boston papers ran the story under two - inch headlines : TED GETS DIVORCE , with a " box score " on the money , the house , the car , and " Mrs. Ted 's " custody of Bobby Jo . In 1956 , Ted came forth with his Great Expectorations .
In a scoreless game with the Yankees , in front of Fenway 's biggest crowd since World War II , he was booed for an error , and he let fans know what he thought of them : he spat toward the right - field stands and spat toward the left , and when fans rained more boos on his head , he leaped out of the dugout and sprayed all around .
" Oh , no , this is a bad scene , " Curt Gowdy , the Sox broadcaster , mourned to his microphone .
Tom Yawkey heard the game on the radio , and Ted got a $ 5,000 fine ( tying another Babe Ruth record ) .
Boston writers said Ted ought to quit .
But Ted was in the next game , Family Night , and at his appearance , fans gave him a five - minute ovation .
( He then hit a home run in the bottom of the eighth and clapped his hand over his mouth as he scored the winning run . )
In 1957 , grippe knocked him flat and stuck him in his hotel for seventeen days in September .
He came back and hit four consecutive home runs .
In 1958 , ptomaine from bad oysters wrecked opening day , then he injured an ankle , pulled a muscle in his side , and hurt his wrist twice .
In September , after a called third strike , Ted threw his bat and watched in horror as it sailed to the stands and clonked a gray - haired lady on the head .
Ted sat in tears in the dugout and had to be ordered to his place in left field .
But over the next twenty at - bats , he hit .500 .
Now the switch in his gut was always on .
The Red Sox gave him a single room and barred the press from the clubhouse for two hours before each game .
But it was n't outside annoyance that was fueling Ted 's rage .
He 'd wake up in the middle of the night , screaming obscenities in the dark .
He kept himself alone and pushed away affection .
There were plenty of women who would have loved to help .
But Ted would say : " WOMEN ? " and then he'd grab his crotch .
" ALL THEY WANT IS WHAT I GOT RIGHT HERE . "
Now the press did n't cover just explosions on the field .
The American wrote him up for shredding a telephone book all over the floor when a hotel maid failed to clean his room .
" Now tell me some more , " wrote Austen Lake , " about Ted 's big , charitable , long - suffering spirit . "
Roger Kahn reported a scene when Ted was asked about Billy Klaus , the shortstop who was coming back after a bad year .
" You 're asking ME about a BAD YEAR ?... OLD T.S.W. , HE DON'T HAVE BAD YEARS . "
But old Ted had a terrible year in 1959 .
A pain in his neck turned to stiffness , and he was in traction for three weeks .
When he came out , he could barely look at the pitcher .
He average languished below .300 for the first time in his career .
For the first time , he was benched for not hitting .
The sight of the Kid at plate was pathetic ; even the papers softened .
They started summing up his career , treating him like an old building menaced by the wrecking ball .
He finished at .254 and went to Tom Yawkey .
" Why do n't you just wrap it up ? "
Yawkey said , and Ted started to boil .
No one was going to make him retire .
Ted said he meant to play , and Yawkey , who loved the Kid , offered to renew his contract : $ 125,000 , the highest ever .
No , Ted said , he'd had a lousy year and he wanted a cut .
So Ted signed for $ 90,000 and came back one more time .
Opening day , Washington : A five - hundred - foot home run .
Next day , another .
He slammed his five - hundredth in Cleveland , passed Lou Gehrig and then Mel Ott. Only Foxx and Ruth would top him on the all - time list .
At forty - two , Ted finished his year with twenty - nine homers and .316 .
Talk revived that Ted might be back .
But this was really quits .
On his last day at Fenway , a headline cried : WHAT WILL WE DO WITHOUT TED ?
And though the day was dreary and the season without hope , ten thousand came out to cheer him and hear him say goodbye .
There was another check for the Jimmy Fund and , this time , a silver bowl .
And Ted made a speech that said , despite all , he felt lucky to play for these fans .
And when he came up in the eighth and they stood to cheer , he showed them what Ted Williams could do .
He hit a Jack Fisher fastball into the bullpen in right field .
And he thought about tipping his cap as he rounded first but he could n't , even then , could n't forget , so he ran it straight into the dugout , and would n't come out for a bow .
Now it was no hobby :
Ted fished harder and fished more than any man around .
After his divorce from Doris , he'd made his home in Islamorada , bought a little place on the ocean side , with no phone and just room for one man and gear .
He'd wake before dawn and spend the day in his boat , then come in , maybe cook a steak , maybe drive off to a Cuban or Italian joint where they served big portions and left him alone .
Then , back home , he'd tie a few flies and be in bed by 10:00 .
He kept it very spare .
He did n't even have a TV .
That 's how he met Louise .
He wanted to see a Joe Louis fight , so Jimmy took him to Lou 's big house .
Her husband was a businessman from Ohio , and they had a TV , they had everything .
Lou had her five kids , the best home , best furniture , best car , and best guides .
Though she was n't a woman of leisure , she was a pretty good angler , too .
She could talk fishing with Ted .
Yes , they could talk .
And soon , Lou would have a little money of her own , an inheritance that she 'd use to buy a divorce .
She wanted to do for herself , she said .
And there was something else , too .
" I met Ted Williams , " Louise said .
" And he was the most gorgeous thing I ever saw in my life . "
Now Ted 's life was his to make , too .
He signed a six - figure deal with Sears , to lend his name to their line of tackle , hunting gear , and sporting goods .
Now , when Hurricane Donna wrecked his little house on the ocean , he bought his three - bedroom place on the bay , near Louise 's house .
Now he bought a salmon pool on the Miramichi , in New Brunswick , Canada , and he fished the summer season there .
In Islamorada , he was out every day , fall , winter , spring .
He wanted the most and biggest -- bonefish , tarpon , salmon -- he called then the Big Three .
He wanted a thousand of each , and kept books on his progress .
He thought fishing and talked fishing and taught fishing at shows for Sears .
He felt the joy of the sport , still .
But now there was something else : the switch that clicked when he'd get a hot fish that ran and broke off his lure :
Ted would slam his rod to the deck , or break it in half on the boat .
" HERE , YOU LOUSY SONOFABITCH ... "
He 'd hurl the rod into the bay .
" TAKE THAT , TOO . "
He married again in 1961 , a tall blond model from Chicago , Lee Howard .
They 'd both been divorced , and they thought they 'd make a go .
Ted brought her down to the Keys .
But he still was n't staying home : he'd be out at dawn without a word on where he'd go , or what he planned , and then he'd come home , sometimes still without words .
Sometimes there was only rage and Lee found she was no match .
After two years , she could n't take it .
She said : " I could n't do anything right .
If we went fishing , he would scream at me , call me a ---- and kick the tackle box . "
So Ted found another woman , one to meet him , fire with fire .
Her name was Dolores Wettach , a tall , large - eyed , former Miss Vermont .
He spotted her across the aisle on a long plane flight .
He was coming from fishing in New Zealand .
Dolores had been in Australia , on modeling assignment for Vogue .
He wrote a note : " Who are you ? "
He wadded it up , tossed it at her .
She looked over , tossed one back : " Who are you ? "
He tossed : " Mr. Williams , a fisherman , " and later told her his first name was Sam .
It was n't until their third date that she found out he 'd done anything but fish .
When he found out she was a farm girl who loved the outdoors as much as he , he figured he'd met his match .
In a way , he had .
She learned to fish , she could hunt , could drink , could curse like a guide .
And when they fought , it was toe to toe , and Ted who slammed out of the house .
They had a son , John Henry , and daughter , Claudia .
But that did n't stop the fights , just as it had n't with Bobby Jo , the daughter he'd had with Doris .
Ted would tell his friends he was n't cut out for family .
He was sick at heart when Bobby Jo left school and did n't go to college .
He would seethe when any woman let him know that he'd have to change .
What the hell did they want ?
When Dolores became his third divorce , Ted was through with marriage .
John Mahler
Ted made the Hall of Fame in 1966 .
His old enemies , the writers , gave him the largest vote ever .
So Ted went north to Cooperstown , and gave a short speed outside the Hall .
Then he went back to Florida .
He never went inside .
They gave him a copy of his plaque .
It listed his .406 year , his batting titles , slugging titles , total bases , walks , home runs .
It did n't say anything about the wars , the dream , the rage , the cost .
But how much can a plaque say ?
There are no statistics on fans , how they felt , what they took from the game .
How many of their days did Ted turn around ?
How many days did he turn to occasions ?
And not just with hits : there was a special sound from a crowd when Ted got his pitch , turned on the ball , whipped his bat in that perfect arc -- and missed .
It was a murmurous rustle , as thousands at once let breath escape , gathered themselves , and leaned forward again .
To see Ted suffer a third strike was an event four times more rare , and more remarkable , than seeing him get a hit .
When Ted retired , some owners feared for attendance in the league .
In Boston , where millions came through the years to cheer , to boo , to care what he did , there was an accretion of memory so bright , bittersweet , and strong that when he left , the light was gone .
And Fenway was left with a lesser game .
And what was Ted left with ?
Well , there was pride .
He 'd done , he felt , the hardest thing in sport : by God , he hit the ball .
And there was pride in his new life : he had his name on more rods and reels , hunting guns , tackle boxes , jackets , boots , and bats than any man in the world .
He studied fishing like no other man , and lent to it his fame and grace , his discerning eye .
He had his tournament wins and trophies , a fishing book and fishing movies , and he got his thousand of the Big Three .
Jimmy Albright says to this day : " Best all around , the best is Ted . "
But soon there were scores of boats on the bay , and not so many fish .
And even the Miramichi had no pools with salmon wall to wall .
And Ted walked away from the tournaments .
There was n't the feeling of sport in them , or respect for the fish anymore .
Somehow it had changed .
Or maybe it was Ted .
Last year , Ted and Lou went up to Cooperstown together .
This was for the unveiling of a statue of the Kid .
There are many plaques in the Hall of Fame , but only two statues : just the Babe and him .
And Ted went into the Hall this time , pulled the sheet of his statue and his looked at his young self in the finish of that perfect swing .
He looked and he looked , with the crowd got quiet , and the strobes stopped flashing .
And when he tried to speak , he wept .
" HEY , WHERE THE HELL IS HE ? "
It 's after 4:00 , and Ted 's getting hungry .
" I'M GONNA CALL HIM . "
Lou says , " Do n't be ugly . "
" I 'm not ugly , " Ted insists , but quietly .
He dials , and bends to look at me .
" Hey , if this guy does n't come , you can eat .
You wanna eat here ? "
Then to the phone : " WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU ? "
" Ted , do n't be mean . "
" I 'm not .
YEAH .
TOMORROW ?
WELL , OKAY BUDDY . "
Ted has had a successful phone conversation .
Quick , and to the point .
" Awright , you can eat .
Hey , sweetie , take him up so he can see . "
There are no mementos in the living room , but Lou has put a few special things in a little room upstairs .
Most of the pictures have to do with Ted , but the warmth of the room , and its character , have to do with Louise .
This is no shrine .
It is a room for right now , a room they walk through every day , and a handsome little place , too .
Now it is filled with her quiet energy .
" Here 's Ted Williams when I met him , " she says .
" And if that is n't gorgeous , I 'll eat my hat . "
And here 's an old photo of Lou in shorts , with a fly rod , looking fragile next to a tarpon she pulled from Florida Bay .
She does not seem fragile now .
She is spry and able .
She has been with Ted ten years straight , and that speaks volumes for her strength and agility .
She gets angry sometimes that people do not credit Ted with tenderness -- " You do n't know him , " she says , and her voice has a surprising edge -- but she also knows he 'll seldom show it .
So here she shows a lonely young Ted with a little suitcase , off to flight school .
Here 's Ted and Tom Yawkey , and look : Mr. Yawkey had pictures of Ted behind him , too .
" Here he is in Korea , " says Louise .
" You know , when he landed that place , the blood was pouring from his ears .
I have to tell people that ... because he 's so loud .
Big , too . "
Lou picks up a cushion of a window seat .
There are pictures beneath .
" See , he 's done so many things .... "
" Hey , you want a drink ? "
Ted is calling .
" TED WILLIAMS IS GONNA HAVE A DRINK . "
Soon he flops into his chair with a tumbler , and hands over a videotape .
He wants it in the VCR .
He says : " This is the most wonderful guy .
Hell of a guy .
Bill Ziegler .
I got him into the majors .... "
That was when Ted came back in ' 69 to manage the Senators .
Bill Ziegler was the trainer .
" So he had a son and named him Ted Williams Ziegler .
You 're gonna see him now .
IS IT IN ?
HEY , YOU LISTENING ? "
The tape shows Ziegler 's two sons batting .
Ziegler sends the tapes for analysis .
The sound track sends out a steady percussion : thwack ... thwack ... thwack .
Both boys get wood on the ball .
" I 'm gonna show you the first tape he sent , and I 'm gonna ask what 's the difference .
See this kid , I told him his hips , he 's got to get them OPEN . "
From the kitchen , Lou protests : " Ted !
Not now .
Wait for me ! "
" SEE ?.... "
Thwack .
" Ground ball .
A little slow with his bands . "
From Lou : " Okay , okay , I do n't know nothin' . "
" HANDS THROUGH ! "
Thwack .
" Center field , always to center , see where his hips are pointed ?
He 's got to [ thwack ] OPEN 'EM UP . "
From Lou , coming in , wiping her hands as she watches : " He does n't step into it like Ted Williams . "
Ted pretends he does n't hear .
" Hips come through OPEN .... "
" He does n't bring his hands around like you do , honey . "
" Yeah , he 's got to .
GROUND BALL !
See , when I 'M up " -- and now Ted takes his stance in the living room -- " I 'm grindin ' .... "
Now his hands are working .
" I got the bands cocked .
COCKED ! " And here 's the pitch .
" BAMMMM ! " says
Ted , as he takes his cut and asks : " We got Bill Ziegler 's number ?
WHERE'S HIS NUMBER ? "
Ted is yelling on the phone in the kitchen , and Lou is in the living room , fitting her thoughts to small silences .
" When Ted talks [ thwack ] it 's always right now .... "
" BILL , I WANNA SEE HIM ON HIS FRONT FOOT MORE , AND THE HANDS QUICK , QUICK .... "
" You know , the baseball players ... it's not macho , they 're just ... athletes , just beautiful boys .... "
Ted hangs up and throws himself into his chair : " AWRIGHT , MAJOR LEAGUE ! LET'S SET IT UP . "
That means dinner .
Lou 's cooking Chinese .
Ted 's still watching Ziegler 's kids .
" Ground ball .
You do n't make history hittin ' 'em on he ground , boys . "
Now he pulls away from the TV .
" Sweetie , " he sings playfully .
" We got any sake -o ? " Lou sings , " Not tonight - eo . "
Ted sings : " Well , where 's the wine -o ? "
Lou says grace while all hold hands .
Then we set to food , and Ted is major league .
" It 's good , huh ? " he says between mouthfuls .
" Well , is n't it ?
HEY !
Are n't you gonna finish that rice ? "
He 's finished fast and back in his chair .
" We got any sweets ? "
A little album on the coffee table has pictures from Christmas .
John
Henry gave his letter of acceptance from Bates as his present to Ted .
It 's got Ted thinking now about the car he 's got to buy so John Henry can take a car to school .
" Got to have a car .... "
He 's thinking aloud so Louise can check this out .
" Course , there 's gonna have to be rules .... "
He 's working it over in his mind , and he muses : " Maybe say that other than school ... he can't take the car if his mother says no .... "
Lou is in a chair across the room .
She 'd nodding .
" HAVE to be rules , " Ted says , " so he does n't just slam out of the house ... slam our and JUMP IN THE CAR .... "
Something has turned in his gut , and his face is working , growing harder .
There 's a mean glitter in his eye , and he 's thinking of his elder daughter , walking away from him ....
" SLAM OUT ... LIKE MY DAUGHTER USED TO .... "
His teeth are clenched and the words are spat .
It 's like he 's turned inward to face something we can not see .
It is a fearsome sight , this big man , forward , stiff in his chair , hurling ugly words at his vision of pain ... I feel I should leave the room , but too late .
" ... THAT BURNED ME ... "
The switch is on .
Lou calls it the Devil in him .
" ... A PAIN IN MY HAIRY RECTUM ! "
" Nice , " says Lou .
She is fighting for him .
She has not flinched .
" Well , DID , " he says through clenched teeth .
" AND MAKES YOU HATE BROADS !... "
" Ted. Stop . "
But Ted is gone .
" ... HATE GOD !... "
" TED ! "
" ... HATE LIFE ! "
" TED !... JUST ... STOP ! "
" DON'T YOU TELL ME TO STOP .
DON'T YOU EVER TELL ME TO STOP . "
Lou 's mouth twists up slightly , and she snorts : " HAH ! "
And that does it .
They 've beaten it , or Lou has , or it 's just gone away .
Ted sinks back in his chair .
His jaw is unclenched .
He grins shyly .
" You know , I love this girl like I never ... "
Lou sits back , too , and laughs .
" SHE'S IN TRAINING , " Ted says , " I 'M TEACHIN ' HER ... "
" He sure is , " Lou says , like it 's banter , but her voice is limp .
She heads back to the kitchen , and Ted follows her with his eyes .
Then he finds me on his couch , and he tries to sneer through his grin : " WHEN ARE YOU LEAVING ?
HUH ?
" ... JESUS .
YOU'RE LIKE THE GODDAMN RUSSIAN SECRET POLICE !
" ... OKAY , BYE !
YEAH , SURE , GOODBYE ! "
Ted walks me out to the driveway .
As I start the car , Lou 's face is a smile in the window , and Ted is bent at his belly , grabbing their new dalmatian puppy , tickling it with his big hands while the dog rolls and paws the air .
And as I ease the car into gear , I hear Ted 's voice behind , cooing , very quiet now : " Do I love this little dog , huh ?.... Yes , this little shittin ' dog .... Yes , yes I love you .... Yes , I do . "
Los ministros Juan N. Meza , Olga María Sánchez Cordero , Sergio Armando Valls , Luis María Aguilar y José de Jesús Gudiño , durante la sesión de la SCJN donde analizaron la constitucionalidad de la aplicación de la píldora del día siguiente en hospitales públicos el lunes 17 de mayo Foto Cristina Rodríguez
Ministros de la SCJN votan contra la propuesta de invalidar la NOM correspondiente
Ante el intento de equiparar el caso con el aborto , señalan que se trata de una norma de salud y no penal
A place for underwear lovers .
Come visit us at http://www.topdrawers.com!
If your government had decided to install a national , open - access fiber - to - the - home network to 93 percent of all residents , if the installation was free , and if the fiber hookup had no effect on your existing phone or cable service and committed you to nothing ... would n't you take it ?
Not if you live in Tasmania , where the Australian government 's ambitious new National Broadband Network is getting underway with its first fiber deployments .
The government - created NBN Co. has the right to dig up streets and trench along rights - of - way , but to install that " last - mile " connection to a home or apartment it needs permission — and Tasmanians have been slow to offer it .
According to local news accounts , only half of the homes and business in the first dig zone have given permission to access their property .
That led to this week 's rather pathetic press release from NBN Co. in which the CEO basically begged " residents and businesses within the Willunga and Kiama First Release Sites to sign up . "
Those who do n't accept the free install when crews pass through their area will need to pay for an install at some later date if they need service from the network .
And they will need service , eventually .
Under the government 's plan , the incumbent telco Telstra will turn over its old copper phone lines to the government , and all of these will be disconnected within eight years .
Telstra , along with other telecommunications and Internet companies , will then compete by offering IP phone service and ' Net access through the new fiber network .
Consumers can pick their choice of provider .
As Communications Minister Stephen Conroy put it this week to Australia 's ABC News , " Ultimately with the agreement we 've reached with Telstra we will be disconnecting the copper , the only fixed line connection .
The only way to make a fixed line phone call will be on the national broadband network so we ultimately will have to connect every single home in Tasmania . "
But people 's reluctance to sign consent forms could add serious costs and delays to the entire project .
And if everyone will be hooked up eventually , why not just make the fiber installations mandatory now ?
That 's the direction in which Australia is moving .
Conroy and the Tasmanian Premier , David Bartlett , are now both talking about ways to shift to an " opt- out " model in which the NBN Co. has the right to install on your property unless you explicitly object .
Opposition figures in Tasmania have been pushing the idea for more than a month .
" I am sure there would be plenty of people that would not want the government rolling up onto their property and installing fibre without permission , " said MP Michael Ferguson .
" Nonetheless it would be an enormous cost to the community if we only do get half of our homes connected to the fibre . "
To make the change , though , the government would need to alter its laws , so the process could take time .
In the meantime , NBN Co. desperately wants people to sign consent forms by August 31 to get their free fiber line and optical network terminal .
May we finally , at long last , put the " dismissed U.S. attorneys " story to bed ?
What 's that , you say ?
You 'd thought the saga involving former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and the nine U.S. attorneys he fired had already been put to bed ?
Yes , we can see how you might 've thought that , given that we 've had barely any ...
Ah , bite - sized tomatoes , fresh off the vine and warmed by the July sun .
What ’s not to love ?
Here ’s my favorite recipe for cherry and grape tomatoes : Tomato Salad with Soy Sauce .
It ’s fast , easy , and tastes like summer .
This recipe is adapted from Mark Bittman ’s How to Cook Everything .
Cherry or Grape Tomato Salad with Soy Sauce
2 tablespoons of soy sauce ( I recommend wheat - free , reduced sodium tamari )
Pinch of sugar
2 teaspoons of dark sesame oil
4 cups of cherry and / or grape tomatoes , stems removed and halved crosswise ( I like to use a mix of different colored cherry and grape tomatoes )
1/2 cup of whole basil leaves , preferably Thai basil
Freshly ground black pepper
1 . Whisk the soy sauce , sugar , and sesame oil in a large bowl .
Add the tomatoes and basil and sprinkle with pepper .
Stir gently to coat the tomatoes with the dressing .
2 . Let the salad stand at room temperature for 10 - 15 minutes , stirring once or twice .
( Letting the salad sit releases some of the juices from the tomatoes . )
Taste , adjust the seasoning if necessary , and serve at room temperature .
Note : I do n’t recommend making this salad more than 30 minutes ahead of serving .
The refrigerator always seems to kill the flavor and texture of vine - ripened tomatoes .
Plus the basil becomes wilted if it sits in the dressing for too long .
Reminder : Tomatoes are best stored unwashed and on the kitchen counter .
If your tomatoes are under-ripe , store them in a paper bag at room temperature for a day or two .
Image courtesy of edgeplot via a Creative Commons license .
We have n't heard much lately about Ford 's sale of Volvo to Chinese automaker Geely .
We 've been hoping things were on - track , but given all the trouble GM had offloading HUMMER to Sichuan Tengzhong -- namely financing , approval from the Chinese government , and Ford 's concerns about intellectual property rights -- we were n't exactly holding our breath .
However , word is now filtering out that the sale is not only still on , but it 's expected to close next week .
Citing two individuals " familiar with the plans " , Automotive News says that Ford will hand Zhejiang Geely Holding Co. the keys to Volvo within the next few days .
Geely will pay $ 1.8 billion for the privilege of acquiring the brand -- a fraction of the $ 6.45 billion Ford paid to acquire Volvo in 1999 .
Unlike its Scandinavian cousin , Saab , Volvo has been a ( potentially ) profitable brand in Ford 's lineup .
In fact , Volvo recently announced a Q2 pretax profit of $ 53 million .
However , despite its potential to become a cash cow , Volvo does n't fit Ford CEO Alan Mulally 's " One Ford " vision of honing the company 's focus to its core product lines .
That 's been at least partially responsible for Mulally 's sale of Aston Martin and Jaguar Land Rover , and the recent shuttering of Mercury .
Volvo fans have mixed feelings about the sale .
On the one hand , many have complained that Ford has stifled Volvo 's creativity and expansion over the last decade .
On the other , no one really knows what to expect from Geely -- although we think it 's encouraging that Geely plans to keep Volvo 's manufacturing base in Europe .
( Less encouraging : Geely 's promise to " liberate this tiger " . )
So which is better : the devil you know or the one you do n't ?
[ AutoNews ]
July 21 , 2010
Independent journalist Dahr Jamail is reporting from Louisiana on the continuing devastation caused by BP 's oil spill .
This article is part of a series available at the Dahr Jamail 's Dispatches Web site .
MY EYES are burning as I type this .
We 've just returned from spending the day down in Barataria , located about an hour drive south of New Orleans .
The community of fishermen is swimming in oil .
Within minutes of arriving , our eyes begin to burn , and we begin to feel dizzy from airborne chemicals from the oil and dispersant .
Like most of the rest of the Louisiana Estuary , the further south one drives , the more one enters a culture that lives / eats / breathes / loves the water .
Moss - laden oak trees , some with trunks more than four feet in diameter line the road in places , before quickly giving way to canals , bayous and swamps that lap against the pavement .
We went to Barataria to meet with Tracy Kuhns , the executive director of Louisiana Bayoukeeper , a group whose goal is " to engage and empower coastal communities for the purpose of promoting sustainable management of Coastal Louisiana 's Bayou Country and it 's natural resources for the benefit of all citizens . "
Tracy , who is also a member of the Louisiana Shrimp Association , is talking rapidly before I can get my recorder started .
Tracy is concerned about the dispersant BP has been using on the oil .
Dead crabs and fish float in the oil - covered waters off the coast of Louisiana ( Erika Blumenfeld )
The dispersants Tracy references are Corexit 9500 and Corexit 9527 , both of which BP has used and continues to use ( more than 1.4 million gallons to date and counting ) to disperse crude oil on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico and near the wellhead 5,000 feet below the surface where the volcano of oil gushes toxicity into the Gulf .
The pathways of exposure are inhalation , ingestion , skin and eye contact .
Health impacts include headaches , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pains , dizziness , chest pains and tightness , irritation of eyes , nose , throat and lungs , difficulty breathing , respiratory system damage , skin irrigation and sensitization , hypertension , central nervous system depression , neurotoxic effects , genetic damage and mutations , cardiac arrhythmia and cardiovascular damage , among several others .
According to the EPA 's latest analysis of dispersant toxicity released in the document " Comparative Toxicity of Eight Oil Dispersant Products on Two Gulf of Mexico Aquatic Test Species , " Corexit 9500 , at a concentration of 42 parts per million , killed 50 percent of mysid shrimp tested .
Tracy tells us of the 44 reports for exemption BP has been issued to use dispersant .
She and her husband Mike , who are both fisherpersons , are tortured by what they are witnessing where they live , fish , work and play .
" Just days ago , Barataria Bay was full of oil , " Tracy informs us while sweeping an arm out towards the south , where the large bay sits , toxified .
" Then they hit it with dispersants , and the oil goes to the bottom .
But then during the day , it heats up , and the oil bubbles up to the surface . "
Tracy , like many other shrimpers I will soon speak with , refers to this effect as similar to a " lava lamp . "
" The oil , after they hit it with dispersants , moves around beneath the surface and they can't track it , " she continues , " They are using dispersants so they can minimize their liability . "
SHE SHOWS us several photos and video clips on her computer .
In some , a whitish foam lines marsh areas .
Others show an emulsified , off - white paste floating atop water .
Several times over the next hours that we talk , Tracy complains of a persistent headache she can't get rid of and feeling nauseous .
She also complains of feeling " out of it " often .
Barely two hours after our arrival , I pull Erika aside .
My eyes are burning with pain , I feel dizzy and light - headed .
" So are mine , and so do I , " she says , " And my skin burns .
Look at this . "
She turns her head and one of her cheeks has a light - red rash .
Pressure pulses against my forehead , and I can feel my heartbeat in my nose .
We are both already exhibiting several symptoms of exposure to the dispersant .
I 'm shocked by the rapidity of the onset of symptoms .
But we 're in the majority , because according to every shrimper we talk with today , everyone has some , or more commonly , most , of the symptoms of exposure .
Tracy , who given her position is up on what most of the shrimpers in the area are up to , is as up - to - date on how the community is being affected as anyone .
She informs us that most of the fishermen are now working for BP laying out boom .
" If you 're not doing this cleanup work , you 're not working , " she says .
" They feel like they are helping by doing clean up work , and they can't stand to just sit here and not do something to help .
They feel helpless sitting at home , and that 's when the depression , suicide and drinking kick in . "
Our conversation never veers too far in another direction before it comes back to the air quality and the water .
This is a given , because the longer we sit with our eyes open and breathing air into our lungs , our eyes burn more , and the pulsing headache and dizziness increase .
" Bad air moves in off the bay anytime the wind is from the south or southeast , " Tracy adds .
" And we 're trying to get BP to have air monitors on the boats of the fishermen who are helping clean up , but they wo n't do it . "
Kim Chauvin , from Chauvin , La. , has gotten the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to put an air monitor on her husband 's boat in the gulf .
Tracy 's passion for the gulf and the marine ecosystems it supports is always evident .
" Ninety percent of the species in the Gulf of Mexico spend some part of their lives in the Louisiana estuaries , " she adds .
" BP is killing our hope of getting these restocked for the future . "
Her concerns mirror , almost exactly , those of Paul Orr .
Just a few days ago , in Baton Rouge , we visited the offices of the Lower Mississippi Riverkeeper , a group focused on keeping the lower Mississippi River pollution - free .
" This is the second most important delta in the Western Hemisphere , and one of the most important deltas on the planet , " Orr said during an interview , " And we just have no idea what this amount of oil in this close of proximity to the delta could do .
The decision was made to use the dispersants intensively to sink the oil -- the rationale to minimize shore impacts at all cost .
" But now it seems like the real reason they 've been doing that is to get the oil to disappear because if it was staying on the surface , at least you could collect it , even if it starts impacting the shore in some way .
But now we have an unknown millions of barrels of oil floating around in the water column and sticking to the sea floor .
We may not ever know some of the long - term damages . "
TRACY EMBARKS on a longer explanation of the horrible timing of the BP oil disaster ( as if there would ever be " better " timing ) , and how the massive amounts of oil and dispersant cascading into the estuary has basically annihilated much of this year 's brown and white shrimp populations .
She then goes on to inform us of milky subsurface clouds of dispersed oil that have been floating around in their canals since early June , and micelles comprised of oil surrounded by dispersant that turn into mist when boats pass through it .
" You can't help but breathe it in when this happens , " she adds , " Every time we ride out in the bay your chest tightens for days ... I still have it .
And if you can smell it , you 've already been overexposed .
And the fish , their gills are as affected by this as our lungs are .
But BP and the government keep saying they do n't want to scare the public with this stuff , so they are trying to keep it quiet . "
But all anyone needs to do is come down here .
To Barataria , Lafitte and numerous other small fishing communities in the marshlands of southeastern Louisiana .
Your eyes will burn .
You will smell the oil and see the sheen .
Your chest will tighten , and your heartbeat will be felt in your head after just a few hours , tops .
BP and the government cannot hide this .
And it is worsening by tens of thousands of barrels of Louisiana sweet crude and untold thousands of gallons of dispersant every day .
The denials from BP , the Obama administration , the Coast Guard and other governmental organizations like NOAA are what enrage Tracy more than anything else .
In fact , BP is having response workers in Mississippi and Alabama go through metal detectors so they can't even take their cell phones out with them when they go and do their response work .
" We 're living here and see this everyday , " says Tracy .
" You can't tell us we do n't have the BP cough that we 've never had before .
It makes us feel like the government thinks we are stupid little toddlers , and that concerns me .
They are constantly telling us not to be afraid , and that is what scares the hell out of me .
We should n't have to trade our estuary and our kids ' lives to protect someone else 's investment .
We should n't have to trade ourselves . "
I BREACH the question of what she and her husband Mike Roberts are going to do .
Mike has been shrimping and crabbing here for more than 35 years .
His anguish is written all over his face .
They know as well as anyone how incredibly toxified their home is now .
" How can anyone just leave their home and never come back again ? " she asks me back .
" My grandson cries if he has to leave the bayou .
He 's been trawling since he was in diapers .
This summer he 's 12 and was supposed to be learning more navigation skills .
Now he can't , so he 's like a little lost soul . "
Tracy has been working with eco-activists and fisherfolk in all five Gulf States .
She says the BP catastrophe has transcended all usual barriers that usually keep people at odds with one another .
This transcends all other issues because everyone must breathe this air .
We are all connected by this water .
And now we 're all connected by BP 's oil .
We all know what 's going on .
What planet do they live on in Washington .
D.C. ?
Not this one .
They need to come here and breathe this shit everyday and swim in this soup and tell us it 's just fine .
All the kids around here have rashes , asthma problems , ear infections , and the majority of our fishermen are out there working in this stuff 24/ 7 because it's now the only job in town , and they 're all getting sick .
Tracy is distraught .
She pauses and looks out to the nearby canal , then looks back at us .
" We 're seeing crabs crawling out of the water , " she says .
" We 've never seen this before .
Ever .
Why are crabs trying to escape from the water ? "
She learned of the crabs from her friend Gene Hickman .
Gene , a commercial and charter fisherman , lives with his wife Vicky a short ways down the road .
Gene and Vicky come over .
Gene has cancer , and decided not to work for BP in the response effort so as not to make himself more sick .
Gene shows me a video he took on Thursday , at night , of dozens of crabs crawling out of the canal onto his bulkhead .
I 'D LONG since heard of the dispersant poisoning the water as well as removing oxygen from it .
Many toxicologists have already stated that Corexit is much more harmful to human and marine life health than we 've been told .
Marine toxicologist Dr. Susan
Shaw has written : " Corexit is particularly toxic .
It contains petroleum solvents and a chemical that , when ingested , ruptures red blood cells and causes internal bleeding .
It is also bioaccumulative , meaning its concentration intensifies as it moves up the food chain . "
On July 9 , in an interview with CNN , Dr. Shaw said this of the toxic soup that is the combination of oil and dispersants : " Shrimpers [ were ] throwing their nets into water ... [ then ] water from the nets splashed on [ one 's ] skin ... [ He experienced a ] headache that lasted 3 weeks ... heart palpitations ... muscle spasms ... bleeding from the rectum ...
And that 's what Corexit does , it ruptures red blood cells , causes internal bleeding , and liver and kidney damage ... This stuff is so toxic combined ... not the oil or dispersants alone ... Very , very toxic and goes right through skin . "
A June 30 story in the Guardian informed us that " Scientists are confronting growing evidence that BP 's ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico is creating oxygen - depleted ' dead zones ' where fish and other marine life cannot survive . "
Two research voyages of independent scientists detected " what were described as ' astonishingly high ' levels of methane , or natural gas , bubbling from the well site , setting off a chain of reactions that suck the oxygen out of the water . "
In the article , Larry Crowder , a marine biologist , said , " The animals are already voting with their fins to get away from where the oil spill is and where potentially there is oxygen depletion .
When you begin to see animals changing their distribution , that is telling you about the quality of water further offshore .
Basically , the fish are moving closer to shore to try to get to better water . "
Samantha Joye , a scientist at the University of Georgia studying the effects of the spill at depth , has said that the ruptured well was producing up to 50 percent as much methane and other gases as oil .
" Joye said her preliminary findings suggested the high volume of methane coming out of the well could upset the ocean food chain , " the Guardian continued .
" Such high concentrations , it is feared , would trigger the growth of microbes , which break up the methane , but also gobble up oxygen needed by marine life to survive , driving out other living things .
Joye said the methane was settling in a 200 - meter layer of the water column , between depths of 1,000 to 1,300 meters in concentrations that were already threatening oxygen levels . "
According to Joye : " That water can go completely anoxic [ extremely low oxygen ] and that is a pretty serious situation for any oxygen - requiring organism .
We have n't seen zero - oxygen water but there is certainly enough gas in the water to draw oxygen down to zero . "
" It could wreak havoc with those communities that require oxygen , " Joye said , " wiping out plankton and other organisms at the bottom of the food chain . "
I 'M HORRIFIED by the video .
Tears well in my eyes .
Gene takes one look at my face and says , " It 's not natural for crabs to come out of the water like this .
They never want to come out of the water if they can help it .
They are trying to escape . "
Tracy chimes in : " We are seeing this all over the Gulf now - - dolphins , fish , running from the dispersant and oil because they can't breathe .
Marine life knows to run out of the way , but we do n't . "
Gene tells us , " This is ripping my heart to pieces .
I 'm living in high anxiety . "
Vicky says that BP and the government are playing down the disaster , when in reality , " Anything out there should not be eaten , " while pointing out to the water .
Disturbingly , the day after Gene filmed the crabs fleeing the water , residents living near Lake Pontchartrain reported finding thousands of dead fish and crabs in the canals near their homes .
We drive over to Gene and Vicky 's after they inform us of dead crabs and fish floating in sheen - covered water by their boat .
Outside their mobile home that they are about to be evicted from , Gene walks us over to where his boat sits in a nearby bayou .
Dead crabs float in a sheen of oil .
It is a toxic soup of stench and death that fouls the air and burns my nose .
As I stand looking on in horror , with more tears welling up in my eyes , Gene says , " I 'm 52 years old , and I 've never seen crabs crawl out of the water at night .
I also saw shrimp swimming in little circles on the surface . "
Vicky , standing nearby , says , " I think this is just the beginning .
This is just the small stuff .
This is just the tip of the iceberg .
Over time , bigger and bigger stuff will be washing up here . "
Gene looks out to the water , to nearby Bayou Rigolettes , and holds back tears as he says , " I smell oil all the time .
It 's like it 's stuck in my nose .
You know why all this hits so close to home ?
See those crab traps ? "
" I guess those are relics now , " Gene says .
" I can't fish now , and probably wo n't ever be able to again , so where does this leave me ?
I feel like that old Indian from that old commercial , who looks out at all the garbage and pollution and sees his whole world polluted .
That 's how I feel now . "
The day before , in Chalmette , Louisiana , I spoke with Dr. Riki Ott. Dr. Ott is a marine toxicologist and Exxon Valdez survivor who has been monitoring BP 's actions and how they are affecting what we know about the damage the oil disaster is causing and threats posed to those working in the polluted zone .
" This is a hazardous waste cleanup , " she told me as we sat in the city hall chambers where she was soon to hold a public forum .
" BP needs to be evacuating the Gulf coast , and paying for that , in addition to costs for relocating people and compensating them for what they 've lost . "
It is that serious .
My eyes still burn and my chest is tight , long after we exited the toxic soup of air and water that is south of New Orleans .
Toxic chemicals from dispersed oil and the dispersant itself now permeate all the air , leaves , water and wildlife of the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and parts of Florida and Texas .
You are breathing this same air as you read this .
The only question is , how many parts per million of toxins are now in your lungs as well ?
Introduction
Since the time our first Web Browser Grand Prix debuted , the already - raging browser wars have become heated indeed .
In case you have n't been keeping tabs on the browser news , let 's begin by getting up to speed on the latest :
March 16 th - Microsoft releases a developer preview of the upcoming Internet Explorer 9 , along with promises of substantial improvements to speed and compliance with the latest Web standards .
- Microsoft releases a developer preview of the upcoming Internet Explorer 9 , along with promises of substantial improvements to speed and compliance with the latest Web standards .
March 22 nd - Opera 10.51 is released , further blurring the line between 1 st and 2 nd place with Google 's Chrome .
- Opera 10.51 is released , further blurring the line between 1 and 2 place with Google 's Chrome .
May 5th - Google releases a beta of their upcoming Chrome 5 , proclaiming it to be faster than sound , lightning , and ... a flying potato .
May 25th - Google releases Chrome 5 stable .
May 28th - Opera releases its own viral video that clearly rips on Google 's promo .
June 7th - Apple releases Safari 5 , claiming it 's “ The world 's fastest browser ” .
June 23 rd - In Firefox 3.6.4 , Mozilla introduces crash protection for Adobe Flash .
- In Firefox 3.6.4 , Mozilla introduces crash protection for Adobe Flash .
June 26 th - Firefox is yet again updated to 3.6.6 .
- Firefox is yet again updated to 3.6.6 .
July 1st- Opera finally drops version 10.60 , boasting that “ The fastest browser on Earth is even faster ” .
Once again , we find ourselves in a situation where multiple parties are claiming the speed crown .
Obviously , all of these claims can't be true .
The fact is , it 's easy enough to produce favorable results supporting ANY browser .
You can even do this for IE6 if you try hard enough .
Simply pick a single benchmark or a group of potato - oriented tests and viola , there 's the fastest browser ever !
That is why we run all of them .
If we find a valid benchmark that runs on every browser , we use it .
While this is a follow - up to our original Web Browser Grand Prix , we have also included some standards compliance testing along with enhanced memory benchmarks .
We feel that even though these tests do not directly affect speed , they are crucial to overall performance .
But do n't worry , we 'll separate those benchmarks from our speed tests in the conclusion , so you 'll still get to find out which Web browser is the fastest when judged purely on raw speed .
Without further adieu , let 's get to the testing !
The Four Horsemen of the Acropolis An Old Battlefront Returns in War on Euro
In 1998 , four renegade German professors tried to stop the introduction of the euro with a legal challenge in Germany 's highest court .
Now , 12 years later , they are fighting against a German bailout for Greece -- and this time around , people are listening to them .
Statistics are always more interesting when accompanied by pictures .
It just makes the sentence more understandable when reading ‘ The least popular day of the year for viewing porn is Thanksgiving ’ and there is a picture of a turkey underneath it .
Otherwise it might be confusing .
Like most stats making their way around the internet , we have no clue how factual they are or how the research was compiled .
We do know that many of the stats were taken from 2006 articles on Internet Filter Review .
Thank god there are graphics to show us how reliable this news is .
One interesting note , it ’s mentioned that the internet porn revenue worldwide is $ 4.9 billion .
This number seems awfully low considering in 2006 the total porn industry revenue worldwide was $ 97 billion .
It would be interesting to see what the new numbers are .
Enjoy the 14 ( kinda ) facts you did n’t know about porn .
Being on the cutting edge means everybody else has to catch up , but not with Core ’s Transcoding engine .
Stream from your HEVC Teradek encoder to Core for a real - time conversion to AVC , allowing you to take advantage of H.265 ’s benefits while delivering your content in the common H.264 standard .
Guest post by Bob Tisdale
There are numerous blog posts and discussions about how the GISS global temperature anomaly product GISTEMP differs from the Hadley Centre and NCDC datasets .
The repeated reasons presented for this are , GISS uses 1200 km radius smoothing to fill in the areas of the globe with sparse surface temperature readings , and the area this has the greatest impact is the Arctic .
Typically , a map or comparison of global temperature anomaly maps is included , similar to Figure 1 .
The top two maps were cropped from Figure 3 in the Real Climate post “ 2009 temperatures by Jim Hansen ” .
I added the third .
The bottom map was created at the GISS Global Maps webpage .
It ’s a map of the GISTEMP Global Temperature Anomaly product with 250 km radius smoothing for the calendar year 2005 , the same year as the top two maps .
I did not include a temperature scale because the bottom map was provided to allow a visual comparison of the spatial coverage of the HadCRUT product and the GISTEMP product with 250 km radius smoothing .
Examine the Arctic and the ocean surrounding Antarctica , the Southern Ocean .
Notice a difference ?
In 2005 , the HadCRUT data had better coverage of the Arctic and Southern Oceans than the GISTEMP dataset with 250 km radius smoothing .
What ’s missing in the GISTEMP product ?
There ’s no sea surface temperature data .
http://i45.tinypic.com/htsgeq.jpg
Figure 1
GISS DELETES POLAR SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURE DATA
The general regions where GISS deletes Sea Surface Temperature data are shown in Figure 2 .
Three areas are highlighted : two cover the Arctic Ocean , and a third surrounds Antarctica .
The specific locations are clarified in the following .
GISS then uses their 1200 km radius smoothing to replace the sea surface data with land data .
http://i48.tinypic.com/33adj86.jpg
Figure 2
Tilo Reber in his recent “ Diverging views ” post at Watts Up With That ?
noted that the GISS Current Analysis webpage includes the following statement :
“ Areas covered occasionally by sea ice are masked using a time - independent mask . ”
This means that vast regions of Sea Surface Temperature ( SST ) anomaly data in the Arctic Ocean and Southern Ocean are deleted from the GISTEMP record .
GISS does not delete all of the Arctic and Southern Ocean SST anomaly data , just the data from the areas where the annual sea ice melt occurs , and those are good portions of them .
I have looked for but have not found an explanation for this exclusion of Sea Surface Temperature data in the papers provided on the GISTEMP references page .
THE AREA OF THE ARCTIC OCEAN WHERE GISS DELETES SST DATA
Figure 3 shows four Arctic ( North Pole Stereographic , 65N - 90N ) maps prepared using the map - making feature of the KNMI Climate Explorer .
The maps illustrate temperature anomalies and sea ice cover for the month of September , 2005 .
The calendar year 2005 was chosen because it was used in the RealClimate post by Jim Hansen , and September is shown because the minimum Arctic sea ice coverage occurs then .
The contour levels on the temperature maps were established to reveal the Sea Surface Temperature anomalies .
Cell ( a ) shows the Sea Ice Cover using the Reynolds ( OI. v2 ) Sea Ice Concentration data .
The data for the Sea Ice Cover map has been scaled so that zero sea ice is represented by grey .
In the other cells , areas with no data are represented by white .
Cell ( b ) illustrates the SST anomalies presented by the Reynolds ( OI. v2 ) Sea Surface Temperature anomaly data .
GISS has used the Reynolds ( OI. v2 ) SST data since December 1981 .
It ’s easy to see that SST anomaly data covers the vast majority of Arctic Ocean basin , wherever the drop in sea ice permits .
Most of the data in these areas , however , are excluded by GISS in its GISTEMP product .
This can be seen in Cell ( c ) , which shows the GISTEMP surface temperature anomalies with 250 km radius smoothing .
The only SST anomaly data used by GISS exists north of the North Atlantic and north of Scandinavia .
The rest of the SST data has been deleted .
The colored cells that appear over oceans ( for example , north of Siberia and west of northwestern Greenland ) in Cell ( c ) are land surface data extending over the Arctic Ocean by the GISS 250 km radius smoothing .
And provided as a reference , Cell ( d ) presents the GISTEMP “ combined ” land plus sea surface temperature anomalies with 1200 km radius smoothing , which is the standard global temperature anomaly product from GISS .
Much of the Arctic Ocean in Cell ( d ) is colored red , indicating temperature anomalies greater than 1 deg C , while Cell ( b ) show considerably less area with elevated Sea Surface Temperature anomalies .
http://i46.tinypic.com/dpygcj.jpg
Figure 3
Basically , GISS excludes Arctic Ocean SST data from 65N to 90N and , for round numbers , from 40 E to 40W .
This is a good portion of the Arctic Ocean .
Of course , the impact would be seasonal and would depend on the seasonal drop in sea ice extent or cover .
The sea ice extent or cover has to decrease annually in order for sea surface temperature to be measured .
I ’ll use the above - listed coordinates for the examples that follow , but keep in mind that they do not include areas of sea ice in the Northern Hemisphere south of 65N where sea surface temperature data are also deleted by GISS .
These additional areas are highlighted in Figure 4 .
They include the Bering Sea , Hudson Bay , Baffin Bay and the Davis Strait between Greenland and Canada , and the Sea of Okhotsk to the southwest of the Kamchatka Peninsula .
http://i50.tinypic.com/28j9u6u.jpg
Figure 4
Note : GISS uses Hadley Centre HADISST data as its source of Sea Surface Temperature ( SST ) data from January 1880 to November 1981 and NCDC Reynolds ( OI. v2 ) data from December 1981 to present .
To eliminate the need to switch between or merge SST datasets , this post only examines the period from 1982 to present .
And to assure the graphics presented in Figures 3 and 6 are not biased by differences in base years of the GISTEMP data and the Reynolds ( OI.
v2 ) SST data , the latter of which has only been available since November 1981 , I ’ve used the period of 1982 to 2009 as base years for all anomaly data .
WHY WOULD DELETING SEA SURFACE TEMPEATURE DATA AND REPLACING IT WITH LAND SURFACE DATA BE IMPORTANT ?
Land Surface Temperature variations are much greater than Sea Surface Temperature variations .
Refer to Figure 5 . Since January 1982 , the trend in GISTEMP Arctic Land Surface Temperature Anomalies ( 65N-90N , 40E - 40W ) with 250 km radius smoothing is approximately 8 times higher than the Sea Surface Temperature anomaly trend for the same area .
The Arctic Ocean SST anomaly linear trend is 0.082 deg C/ decade , while the linear trend for the land surface temperature anomalies is 0.68 deg C/decade .
And as a reference , the “ combined ” GISTEMP
Arctic temperature anomaly trend for that area is 9 times the SST anomaly trend .
http://i46.tinypic.com/1zpheme.jpg
Figure 5
By deleting the Sea Surface Temperature anomaly data , GISS relies on the dataset with the greater month - to - month variation and the much higher temperature anomaly trend for its depictions of Arctic temperature anomalies .
This obviously biases the Arctic “ combined ” temperature anomalies in this area .
GISS DELETES SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURE DATA IN THE SOUTHERN HEMISPHERE , TOO
Figure 6 shows four maps of Antarctica and the Southern Ocean ( South Pole Stereographic , 90S - 60S ) .
It is similar to Figure 8 .
Cell ( b ) illustrates the SST anomalies presented by the Reynolds ( OI.
v2 ) Sea Surface Temperature anomaly data .
SST anomaly data covers most of the Southern Ocean , but GISS deletes a substantial portion of it , as shown in Cell ( c ) .
The only SST anomaly data exists toward some northern portions of the Southern Ocean .
These are areas not “ covered occasionally by sea ice ” .
http://i50.tinypic.com/aensly.jpg
Figure 6
Figure 7 illustrates the following temperature anomalies for the latitude band from 75S - 60S :
- Sea Surface Temperature , and
- Land Surface temperature of the GISTEMP product with 250 km radius smoothing , and
- Combined Land and Sea Surface of the GISTEMP product with 1200 km radius smoothing , the GISTEMP standard product .
The variability of the Antarctic land surface temperature anomaly data is much greater than the Southern Ocean sea surface temperature data .
The linear trend of the sea surface temperature anomalies are negative while the land surface temperature data has a significant positive trend , so deleting the major portions of the Southern Ocean sea surface temperature data as shown in Cell ( c ) of Figure 6 and replacing it with land surface temperature data raises temperature anomalies for the region during periods of sea ice melt .
Note that the combined GISTEMP product has a lower trend than the land only data .
Part of this decrease in trend results because the latitude band used in this comparison still includes portions of sea surface temperature data that is not excluded by GISS ( because it does n’t change to sea ice in those areas ) .
http://i45.tinypic.com/im6q29.jpg
Figure 7
ZONAL MEAN GRAPHS REINFORCE THE REASON FOR THE GISS DIVERGENCE
When you create a map at the GISS Global Maps webpage , two graphics appear .
The top one is the map , examples of which are illustrated in Figure 1 , and the bottom is a Zonal Mean graph .
The Zonal Mean graph presents the average temperature anomalies for latitudes , starting near the South Pole at 89S and ending near the North Pole at 89N .
Figure 8 is a sample .
It illustrates the changes ( rises and falls ) in Zonal Mean temperature anomalies from 1982 to 2009 of the GISTEMP combined land and sea surface temperature product with 1200 km radius smoothing .
The greatest change in the zonal mean temperature anomalies occurs at the North Pole , the Arctic .
This is caused by a phenomenon called Polar Amplification .
http://i48.tinypic.com/spd4li.jpg
Figure 8
To produce a graph similar to the GISS plot of the changes in Zonal Mean Temperature Anomalies , I determined the linear trends of the GISTEMP combined product ( 1200 km radius smoothing ) in 5 degree latitude increments from 90S - 90N , for the years 1982 to 2009 , then multiplied the decadal trends by 2.8 decades .
I repeated the process for HADCRUT data .
Refer to Figure 9 .
The two datasets are similar between the latitudes of 50S - 50N , but then diverge toward the poles .
As noted numerous times in this post , GISS deletes sea surface temperature data at higher latitudes ( poleward of approximately 50S and 50N ) , and replaces it with land surface data .
http://i47.tinypic.com/2uzfc6r.jpg
Figure 9
Figure 10 shows the differences between the changes in GISTEMP and HADCRUT Zonal Mean Temperature Anomalies .
This better illustrates the divergence at latitudes where GISS deletes Sea Surface Temperature data and replaces it with land surface temperature anomaly data , that latter of which naturally has higher linear trends during this period .
http://i45.tinypic.com/xnsp40.jpg
Figure 10
SOURCE
Maps and data of sea ice cover and temperature anomalies are available through the KNMI Climate Explorer :
http://climexp.knmi.nl/selectfield_obs.cgi?someone@somewhere
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Over the weekend , Christopher Nolan ’s mind - bending Inception extracted $ 60.4 million from moviegoers , leaving many in a limbolike state of confusion .
Where to turn for answers ?
Today , Vulture had the pleasure of speaking with Dileep Rao , who plays Yusuf the chemist in the film ( he was also in Avatar , which makes him , in terms of box - office bankability , the Indian Will Smith ) .
Rao helpfully revealed everything he knows — and thinks he knows — about Inception ’s mechanics .
SPOILERS ahead , obviously .
Let ’s get the easy stuff out of the way first .
Can you go over the rules of dreaming ?
When you dream normally , you can use a drug to share the dream with other people .
You can enter another person ’s dream .
It ’s just the dream - sharing drug , so if you die in that dream , you just wake up — no problem .
It ’s frightening for a second , but up you come .
The problem arises when you want to go deeper .
To go deeper , we have to use a much stronger version of the drug , one that my character customizes , that is combined with a very powerful sedative .
It ’s like weights to keep you under when you are scuba diving .
But in this situation , if you die in the dream , you go deeper and deeper until you hit limbo .
Limbo is unconstructed dream space , unless one of the dreamers has been there — in our movie ’s case , someone has .
And while you ’re in limbo , your brain can be destroyed .
Like , you would be in a coma , or you could just leave your mind behind .
Also , you can be in limbo for years and years , subjective limbo time , but in reality only moments have passed .
Yes , a lifetime can go by , because each layer is ten times dilated by going into a dream within a dream within a dream .
Um , within a dream .
Digging a little deeper into the story now , can you walk me through whose dream is whose ?
Okay .
So first there ’s reality .
We get on the plane .
We go to sleep .
Then we ’re in my dream , Yusuf ’s dream .
Because my pee urge causes it to rain .
That ’s how I see it .
The architecture is Ariadne ’s ( Ellen Page ’s ) design , but it ’s my dream .
Then we drop down a level and go to the bar , to the hotel .
I think we ’re in Arthur ’s ( Joseph Gorden - Levitt ’s ) dream at that point .
Then — this is where it gets mind - bending — we drop down into Fischer ’s ( Cillian Murphy ’s ) dream , even though he thinks they ’re going to Browning ’s ( Tom Berenger ’s ) dream .
There seems to be a rule of thumb , then , that whoever “ sticks around ” in a level , that person had to be the dreamer , right ?
It ’s why you ’re stuck driving the van and Joseph Gordon - Levitt chills out in the hotel .
I think that ’s a great signifier and it makes the most sense , because how the hell would it continue on that level if the person who was dreaming took off ?
But that made me think the third level , the snow fort , was Eames ’s ( Tom Hardy ’s ) dream .
Except in the hotel room , Ellen Page asks whose subconscious we ’re going into , and Cobb answers , “ Fischer’s . ”
You ’re right , it has to be Fischer ’s , because that ’s the level where they ’re planning to do the inception .
That also means that in the hotel room , when Browning is talking to Fischer , we ’re actually watching —
— an internal debate going on in Fischer ’s mind .
He ’s filling Joseph Gordon - Levitt ’s dream with his subconscious .
And then one level down , in the snow of his own mind , he drops down to limbo when he dies , which means your rule of thumb is n’t quite right .
Because Mal shoots him , which means Cobb ’s own subconscious has taken Fischer to limbo .
So how do Leo and Ellen Page get to limbo ?
They open up a suitcase and they lie down on the floor , and go under .
It ’s a limbo party now — who can go lower ? — because Ken Watanabe is on his way down there soon , too .
So if it ’s a limbo party , it seems like limbo is a shared creative space , in a sense ?
Right .
Limbo is like unconstructed dream space .
Nothing exists , except whatever has been constructed previously in the subconscious by any of the dreamers in the dream .
Among our characters , Leo is the only one who ’s been there .
I think a lot of people are confused by the ending / beginning where Ken Watanabe is an old man in limbo , but Leo is still super handsome .
Well , two ideas .
One : Leo is aged , too , but he ’s been down there less time and from a younger age .
Cobb is in his forties and Saito in the eighties by the time they meet .
Is there anything to the idea that Leo knows he ’s in limbo ?
Well , that ’s option two :
He knows where he is , so he can keep track a bit better of where he is , who he is .
Ellen
Page warns him something along those lines just before she leaves him in limbo …
But Leo also starts out younger .
In fact , he looks even younger in real life than as Cobb in the film .
He looks so young !
I kept thinking about how much he looks like Bizarro Chris Nolan .
He does !
It ’s weird .
And if movies are the director ’s dream , that means Leo as Nolan is …
Stop .
Okay , well , can you explain how totems work ?
The behavior of the object is subject to rules it follows in real life , but your having made it in secret means that it will tell you if you ’re in reality .
Like you in your dream , have it behave in an unreal way .
So the top will keep spinning forever if Cobb is in a dream .
He chose the top because it was Mal’s .
One , it ’s a deep symbolic connection to her , and the idea he planted in her on purpose that she brought back up into reality .
And two , he knows it represents getting trapped in non-reality so it ’s an extra-strong totem .
( That second part is my speculation . )
Oh good , because I want to get really speculative later .
But first , as the chemist who invented the sedative , why is it important to synchronize the kicks , the triggers to wake you up ?
Well here ’s the key :
You want to wake all the way up , because if you do n’t , you ca n’t go back up to rekick and wake yourself up .
The sedative leaves inner-ear function unimpaired , so you have to feel a jolt in the level you ’re asleep in to wake from the level below .
If the synchronized kick fails , you would only wake up where it reached you .
It ’s like a concussive wave .
It has to reach all the way down , or else you have to get lucky for some other kick , or for someone who ’s awake to wake the other person up .
So , I transmit a kick down to Arthur , he transmits it below , and so on .
Hence at the top level , the van has the fail - safe kick of falling and hitting the water ?
Right .
And above that , in reality , the drug is fed by a machine that turns off .
It has a timer on it and the sedative has to stop flowing .
That ’s the one that ’s real .
So at the end when they ’re sitting on the riverbank in Yusuf ’s dream , it ’s no big deal because they ’re not going to have to sit around too long …
Sure , but if you miss a kick and you ’re down below , you wo n’t wake up .
You ’ll disappear into that level , or go to limbo , because you ca n’t wake up .
Or you can and your mind might not come back because subjectively you ’ve been there too long .
That ’s the danger .
Any thoughts on how Cobb and Mal ended up in limbo way back when ?
Personal experimentation , to test the limits of the art , and I think that ’s kind of the interesting and haunting thing about it , is that they stretched their full limits and found a material weakness in the process , and his way of fixing it ended up snapping back up from the benthic depths with her , into reality , and had her utterly flummoxed .
She lost her mind , her touch with reality , and she did the unthinkable .
Because , remember , she ’s been dealing with the passage of levels the whole time , so reality just felt like another , since she spent her whole life down there with Leo .
They grew old together .
I used to have this dream , or rather , this idea , that I ’d just wake up at some point and I would be 4 years old again .
And this life was just one trajectory my life could have gone on .
But that ’s the thing that Mal got messed up by , because she lived so long on the lower level .
Like , for me , how could waking up as a 4 - year - old seem real — jibe with what I ’ve experienced as real ?
How do you believe in it , right ?
So what about the final shot , when the top seems like it could keep spinning before we cut to black .
Let ’s call it the n - 1 theory , where the whole film is all a dream , even the “ reality ” level .
In other words , every level is one lower than we think it is .
Yeah .
I do n’t think the “ It ’s all a dream ” theory makes much sense to me , because where is “ the real ” Cobb ?
We never see n .
We never see reality .
We have no idea who this man is , what his circumstances are .
To me , there ’s really only two paths :
Either it ’s a wobbling top , which it does sound like at the end , and it ’s real ; or the whole thing , regardless of totems , moments , girls , children , people , machines , the whole thing — it ’s all some dream .
And that ’s more philosophy .
I think the film does this wonderful exploration of the entire idea to the nth degree .
It feels so full .
Because of that , there ’s so many weird bits that seem to warp our sense of the real and unreal .
I felt a very dreamlike feeling when Cobb is being chased by the Cobol guys and Ken Watanabe shows up to save him .
I mean , squeezing through the wall when they ’re coming for him , I ’ve had so many nightmares like that .
Archetypes .
We all dream in certain ways .
Teeth falling out , being chased … and that stuff is poignant .
But the more you explore it , the more you realize that Chris has already thought about it .
I think there is a definitive answer , but it ’s hidden so you have to take time to think about it .
But I do think it ’s real because it ’s an apostatic act on art itself to suddenly say “ Well , none of this happened , and I have no explanation . ”
What if Leo is the one being “ incepted ” with an idea ?
We keep hearing the phrase “ Do you want to become an old man , filled with regret ? ” and it ’s like someone — maybe Ellen Page ’s character because she ’s the catalyst of his emotional catharsis — has set this all up so he can let go of his regret over Mal ’s death .
That ’s why at the end with Saito he offers to come back and be young again ( not old , full of regret ) .
Even the Edith Piaf song they use to signal ten seconds before kick translates to “ No , I regret nothing . ”
And there ’s so many scenes where Ellen Page is talking to Leo , getting him to reveal his issues , in the same way that Eames tricks Fischer into revealing his issues .
Also , Leo ’s kids are the same age at the end , right ?
I ’m not trying to be authoritative , so this is just my understanding of how I approached it from my work on it .
But you ’re saying it ’s like some sort of crazy - ass psychotherapy session where the whole thing is a constructed narrative of massive complexity only to distract Cobb so that he will achieve his change ?
I mean sure , you could totally say that that ’s what it is .
In a way , that ’s what we ’re doing to Fischer , so it ’s not unfounded .
The problem for me is that you ’re using negative evidence to support a story that is n’t there .
I do n’t know what to say about a character who only exists before and after the movie .
You ’re talking about a character who is n’t onscreen .
And I mean on one hand , it ’s awesome that this movie can sustain that kind of discussion .
It shows you just how well - thought - through and comprehensive it is , but I mean I do n’t know where that kind of speculation ends .
It ’s like people who are convinced 9/11 is an inside job .
It ’s a mental heuristic failure to think that one or two minor details explain absolutely everything .
I mean , kids wear the same clothes all the time .
To me , it ’s a far more elegant story if it ’s a vast job that Leo has to pull off .
The threat is real , the growth is real , the adversary is real .
The weakness of “ It ’s all a dream ” — why we hate that , why we feel cheated when narratively anything is revealed to be all a dream — is that you ’ve just asked me to spend so much time and emotional capital investing in the stakes of this , and you ’ve now swept it away with the most anti-narrative structuralism that does n’t have anything to substitute in its place .
It ’s laughing at you for even taking it seriously .
You do n’t want to feel like a victim of the narrative , and I do n’t think Christopher Nolan would do that .
For me , though , this film could say “ It ’s all a dream ” and I would feel even more satisfied .
Because the premise is “ through a very complex dream , we can enact real change in a character . ”
All of the sudden it ’s not a fake - out bullshit journey , if that ’s the case .
In other words , if I ’m satisfied by the success of Fischer ’s transformation , then Leo ’s growth is just as satisfying .
But he does n’t have to be dreaming for that growth .
If , by way of example , in the last scene where Cobb ran off to hug his kids , there were a reflection of Mal in the window ?
That would make it far more vague and I ’d say , sure .
But that ’s not there .
Close your eyes and listen to the sound at the end .
I really do think the top wobbles and that it ’s real .
Cobb does go on a journey , because that ’s what movies are , and I think that ’s what leads audiences to this kind of speculation .
Because of the story he chose to tell , Nolan is also commenting on the nature of stories themselves , all stories , which is why Leo ’s change ca n’t be evidence that it ’s all a dream .
To me , the real story all boils down to Saito ’s line in the helicopter .
Leo wants to go home and see his kids .
Saito says , “ I can help you , but it ’ll have to be an act of faith . ”
Leo has to trust Saito , and he does this while putting total faith in himself and the team , and everything goes apeshit wrong , but he has to believe that if he does the job , Saito will do what he promised .
And they ’ve grown , they ’ve become friends , which is why Leo says “ Come back and let ’s be young men together . ”
Leo ’s follow - through on that act of faith is his transformation .
He becomes a person who can take a chance .
There ’s also kind of a beautiful negative symmetry between that leap of faith , and Mal begging him to make a similar leap of faith .
After he did that with her , and the guilt plagues him , he ca n’t function anymore .
He ’s exploring his memories in a dangerous , unhealthy way , and he ’s going to let that go by the time the movie ’s over .
Everyone ’s so concerned about whether the top falls or not , but no one seems to care that Leo walked away without caring .
The moment he sees their face , he can walk away .
That ’s testimony to the fact that he ’s gained that faith .
Related : The Hidden ‘ Inception ’ Within Inception
Your Box Office Explained : Inception Blows Many Minds , As Predicted .
The Sorcerer ’s Apprentice Doesn’t , As Predicted
Here 's a head scratcher : as everyone knows from elementary chemistry courses , gold is the most inert metal in the world - it does not rust , nor corrode .
Yet this is precisely what Russian commercial precious metal trading company , International Reserve Payment System , discovered on thousands of ( allegedly ) 999 gold coins " St George " ( pictured insert ) issued by the Central Russian Bank .
The serendipitous discovery occurred after various clients of the company had requested that their gold be stored not in a safe , but in a far more secure place : " buried under an oak tree . "
As the website of IRPS president German Sterligoff notes : once buried , " the coins began to oxidize under the influence of moisture . "
And hence the headscratcher : nowhere in history ( that we know of ) does 999 , and even 925 gold , oxidize , rust , stain , spot or form patinas , under any conditions .
Furthermore , as IRPS discovered , Sberbank of Russia released an internal memorandum ordering the purchase of the defective coins with the spotted appearance .
Sterligoff concludes : " It should be noted that the weight and density of the rusty coins coincide with the characteristics of gold that would be expected after after conventional testing methods would reveal .
We think that the experts will be interesting to determine the nature of this phenomenon . "
So just how " real " is 999 gold after all , either in Russia or anywhere else ?
As a consequence of this discovery , IRPS decided to " rid itself of all stocks , bought up earlier from the Central Bank on behalf of investors .
Investment coins " St. George The Conqueror " , as well as other gold coins of the Bank of Russia , are now excluded from the company 's operations until all circumstances in the case are determined . "
Additional , as disclosed in the interview below for Here and Now show on TVRainRu , the Russian Central Bank would buy back the coins at a price of 9,300 rubles , despite prevailing prices for the bullion at well over 10,000 .
As Zero Hedge has pointed out previously , the Central Bank of Russia has been one of the biggest purchasers of gold in 2010 , having bought gold every single month .
It would be embarrassing if it were discovered that not only is the bank diluting the gold content once received with oxidizable materials , but subsequently passing it off for 999 proof precious metal .
And if this is happening in Russia , one wonder what trickery other Central Banks , with a far lower amount of gold in their vaults , resort to ...
h/t Janis
If you fervently belong or had belonged to any particular Christian denomination , you have some ideas about me when you find out I was raised Catholic .
You may also think you have some insight on me when you find out I no longer am Catholic .
But if you did n't know any of that , your ideas about who I am would be entirely different if all you saw were my tattoos in Hebrew .
If you are radical , you 'd think we wo n't have much in common .
Same with either the fiscally or socially conservative .
However , folks who put themselves into the same political box that I am in also may think I likely agree ( or at least ought to agree ) with them on almost everything .
Who am I ?
I 'm a spiritual progressive HIV - white middle - class educated bisexual non-poly cis-gender queer male blogger and LGBT rights organizer & activist .
What does that mean ?
That means you have some ideas about what I 'm like before you even meet me .
If you did n't know I was bisexual before , now you might be shocked .
Now that you know , you might have some vision of who you think I am .
Whether you 're polyamorous or not , the fact that I describe myself as non-poly may make you think you know something about my beliefs .
Finding out that I 've been in an open relationship might give you another idea entirely .
You have some beliefs about me knowing I 'm a blogger .
You have some beliefs about me reading now that I 'm an organizer .
You also have some opinions about how I used the word activist .
Or maybe you do n't .
Maybe I 'm putting you in a box .
However , there is something in that list that likely brought you to a reaction of some sort .
For five years I sat on a volunteer Human Rights Campaign steering committee .
Some of you may now think you know some of my opinions about what activism should look like .
Others may have a different view about me knowing I endorsed and tried to help promote and publicize the National Equality March and the work of GetEQUAL , Join The Impact and EAA .
Then come to find out I went and lobbied with HRC three weeks ago for a bill relating to military service .
Now some of you may think you know some of my views on the military and government .
Either way , though , many of you probably think you know now where my loyalties lie and what my agenda is .
To say there 's nothing wrong with putting people into boxes would be lying .
Prejudging people based on arbitrary and incomplete sets of data is an awful habit .
However , we must acknowledge this is a very typical .
Whether this taxonomy is learned or instinct , and what degree it is pieces of either can be hashed out in other posts ( and no doubt the comments section ) , but I want to move past both of these to get to the core of my message : we need to break our addiction to boxes .
The queer blogosphere is constantly on fire with binaries positive and negative all of the time .
" The Human Rights Campaign is great , ACT - UP is backward ! "
" GetEQUAL is perfect , Gay & Lesbian Advocates and Defenders is evil ! "
Even the binaries I used betray my own narrow view .
It 's impossible to escape these dichotomies .
Our blogs sometimes seem to look at everything as an either / or , and generally with a falsely inflated sense of urgency and a dangerous simplicity .
Some real headlines include :
" What Did Richard Socarides ' ' Secret ' Gay Activist Meeting in Knoxville Accomplish ? "
" HRC : Obama gets until 2017 to keep his promises , and do n't criticize him until then "
" HRC's Joe Solmonese praises Sec. Gates for saying no to DADT repeal this year "
" Cleve Jones + Bruce Cohen Make it Clear : Perry Is All About ' Snatching ' Marriage Fight From Gay Inc "
" Was That Peter LaBarbera Or Ronald Gold Posting That Antitrans Sentiment On Bilerico ? "
" 10 reasons why a march on Washington is a bad idea "
" Did the Latest Protest of Doug Manchester 's Hyatt Hotel Accomplish Anything ? "
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm well aware that one must oversimplify in the headline to get attention , here are a sample of some of mine :
" Do n't let the wing - nut bigots win -- vote for Jon & Greg "
" Take Action : Illinois rightwingers want to gut LGBT protections "
" Pressure HRC : Demand leadership from Obama "
" Stay closeted to win Idol for yourself , lose equality for all "
" Scott Lively does n't want you to think he hates you "
Those headlines are n't exactly sensitive to the nuances of each of theses stories .
Oversimplifying for a headline is one thing , but if that becomes your message , you 've lost your touch .
Shifting paradigms , same old story
We are seeing , in our movement today , a resurgence of energy and involvement that has not happened during my time in the movement .
Those who have been around longer have told me they liken it to the late 80's and early 90's when the clear goal of the movement was to eradicate prejudice and barriers in the government that had been made obvious in the wake of the AIDS / HIV crisis .
At that time too there was a fighting spirit and a feeling of " can do , " which was missing throughout the early 2000 's when I became active .
Yet despite the potential for success , there are elements throughout our movement that are clinging desperately to their old ways .
I 'm not just talking about the Human Rights Campaign , I 'm also talking about their long - time critics , and all of those who spend more time criticizing than doing , who -- rather than get on board with the spirit of today -- insist that now is the time to try to start wars within the community .
These wars are very personal grudges that these otherwise noble activists want to drag everyone they know into .
Personal vendettas are shitty motivation for anything , but especially for movement infighting .
No , I 'm not saying we should n't criticize , but the arguments have become repetitive and tiresome over the past decade , and I have seen a lot of time and energy wasted on good - intentioned LGBT activists attacking other good - intentioned LGBT activists .
I 've been a critic , and been on the business end of that criticism , believe me .
The criticism is often accurate , but also often regurgitated to a nauseating degree .
Do I agree HRC can be too conservative for my liking ?
Absolutely .
Do I think we need to spend 75 % of our day complaining about it ?
Absolutely not .
What is the goal here ?
To tear down an organization that gets our community into the offices of the leaders of the government ?
Really ?
What HRC needs is reform , not demolition , but that 's a whole ' nother post .
I simply think that the constant assault -- however accurate the complaints -- on HRC , GLAAD , Lambda Legal , Stonewall Democrats , Log Cabin Republicans , Victory Fund , the Task Force , National Center for Lesbian Rights , Servicemembers Legal Defense Network and the National Center for Transgender Equality expends precious time and energy we could be using to attack our real enemies and to pressure our allies to be better allies .
HRC and GetEQUAL :
The carrot and the stick
I admire the hell out of Robin McGehee .
Robin is , in my opinion , probably one of the hardest working activists in this movement .
I have no idea how she finds time to have a personal life and to raise her kids .
And she 's a good mother too -- those kids are awesome , and so is she .
Backstage at the rally after the National Equality March , I got to meet Robin for the first time .
She was running around in a frenzy making sure everything went off without a hitch .
It was a very busy moment for her , but amid the shuffle , Bil Browning found a moment to introduce us .
I told her it was an honor and that she really ought to be so proud .
Without ever having met me before , Robin McGehee gave me a massive , sincere hug .
Along with her co-chair and her team of dedicated volunteers , this wonderful woman had done something for the LGBT community that -- while controversial and often criticized -- few others would have given their time to do .
However , Robin is n't perfect .
I 'm proud of her work with GetEQUAL , and I do believe that direct action is needed and welcome in this movement .
But when given the chance to break the cliche of knock the establishment and set herself apart from other young activists who have come and gone , Robin instead choose to ask Joe Solmonese to step down as President of HRC .
GetEQUAL has an opportunity to be better than all other similar groups that have come and gone .
Rather than get involved in the nit- picking infighting and personality clashes of the movement , GetEQUAL needs to rise over and stay above the fray , focusing on putting pressure on those outside of the community , rather than attack other activists .
That position has been filled .
There are thousands of bloggers , writers , columnists , activists , podcasters , personalities and Larry Kramer whose daily mission is to blast the establishment .
GetEQUAL and HRC can work in symbiosis .
HRC has never truly had a foil to their schmoozy , non-threatening , suit and tie work on the Hill .
Well , other than Matt Foreman 's tenure at the Task Force , but -- again -- Foreman often got caught up in the personal vendettas and catty infighting that ought to remain the domain of bug - eyed bloggers .
It 's been all carrot and no stick since the mid-90s .
Sure you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar , but that does n't mean you throw the vinegar out .
What happens when you do n't want the flies you get ?
GetEQUAL and HRC do n't have to get along , but they need to work together .
The fact that they disagree with one another 's methods is a good thing , not bad .
We 're so obsessed with binaries , we do n't even realize when we 're getting stuck in a binary rut .
It 's not an either / or proposition .
Direct action and gentle lobbying are both needed to change the laws .
HRC works politely with the political movable middle , GetEQUAL puts pressure on our all - talk , no-action allies .
I see overlap here , and I think its an opportunity .
We need to empower GetEQUAL to stay out of the LGBT infighting and get to work on more actions , demonstrations , sit-ins , walk - outs , kiss-ins , hunger strikes , boycotts and picketing .
In addition -- while GetEQUAL puts pressure on our so - called - allies to prove their support through progress -- Victory Fund , Stonewall Democrats and Log Cabin Republicans need to begin simply replacing our enemies with more allies and more elected officials from within the community .
A new agenda
Let 's create a revolving door of activism : HRC shakes your hand and asks you to make a law happen .
When you waffle , GetEQUAL and other local and national direct action groups interrupt everything you try to do from the time you get out of bed until you go to sleep .
If you still waffle or come out against us , Stonewall or Log Cabin and Victory fund see that your bags are packed and you go back where you came from , replaced by someone who will work hard for us .
All of it backed - up by work to move public opinion by the Task Force , GLAAD and PFLAG , as well as progress through litigation with the help of NCLR , NCTE , GLAD and Lambda Legal .
In addition targeted collaboration is promoted by teaming up with organizations like SLDN , GLSEN , Immigration Equality , ACLU , PFAW , Matthew Shepard Foundation , and supplemental local support from EAA , Equality Federation and local LGBT organizations and Centers .
Easier said than done , I know , but do we really help it go from dream to reality by setting up emotional roadblocks every time we feel slighted by someone in one of these organizations ?
A revolving door does n't have poles .
It is not binary .
It does n't swing , it turns .
A swinging door reaches a point where it can move no longer .
Not so , with a revolving door .
It continues to make progress as long as you push it , never reaching a barrier .
A revolving door is a great model for a revolution .
A lot of these oft - criticized organizations also serve another , understated but crucial role in our community : entry points to activism .
Guess how I came into the movement ?
First through local , grassroots organizing , then through HRC .
HRC , GLSEN and PFLAG are most often the first toe in the pool for young activists , especially in the most conservative areas of the country .
Its easy to find alternatives in an east coast or west coast metropolis , but try growing up in Central Missouri .
These organizations are n't just non-threatening to the more conservative straight community , they 're non-threatening to folks still struggling with coming out , who just are n't ready to jump from altar boy to ACT - UP .
Its not about the organization , its about the end goal : EQUALITY
People ask me if i support HRC .
Yeah , I do !
I also support GetEQUAL , The Task Force , EAA , GLAAD , GLSEN , Equality Federation , The ACLU , People for the American Way , Lambda Legal , Victory Fund , Rainbow World Fund , NYAC , The Trevor Project , PFLAG , ACTUP , Empowering Spirits , SoulForce , [ email protected ] , TurnOUT , SLDN , Freedom to Marry , Servicemembers United , Colage , GMHC , NCLR , JTI , Centerlink , Henrick Martin Institute , the Palm Center , Stonewall Democrats , Lavender Greens , NBJC , NCTE , NLGJA , Family Equality Council , Immigration Equality ... there have even been times I 've supported specific actions of the Log Cabin Republicans and GOProud .
Though I pay dues to many of these organizations I have loyalties to none .
My loyalty is to the entire lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , intersex and queer community .
My agenda is ourvictory .
If a thousand silly organizations have to rise and fall for us to get there , so be it , and if I have to be cut down and attacked for being on the wrong side of this or that , then whatever .
My ego is not the issue here .
Yes , it 's bruised when I 'm criticized , but it should be no concern of yours if someone does n't like me , even if you are a fan .
None of us in this movement is more important than any one other individual .
Sure , there are people that I admire in this community .
I admire Robin McGehee 's personal touch , her passion , and her humility .
Kate Kendall 's warmth .
I admire Autumn Sandeen 's resolve and Adam Bink 's or Zack Ford 's competitive , fighting spirit .
I admire Dan Choi and Chely Wright 's eloquence .
I admire Rex Wockner 's or Joe Jervis ' diligence and candor .
I admire John Aravosis ' fire and Pam Spaulding 's wisdom .
I admire Rea Carey 's or Joe Solmonese 's savvy and thoughtfulness .
I admire Michael Crawford's , Michael Roger 's and Bil Brownings ' guidance and loyalty , I admire Kate Clinton 's or Andrew Sullivan 's wit and foresight , I admire Queerty 's intuitiveness and irreverence and Barney Frank 's ... frankness .
Talk about putting people into boxes !
I also think each of these people ( anonymous or real ) is flawed and imperfect , and I would not hold any up to be any more important than the others .
I have personal relationships with some , and downright rivalries with others .
This would be the difference .
But I see none of these people as the great hope of our community .
On the contrary , I would hate to see us rally around one person whom we place all of our trust and hope with in the belief that this person will finally be the one to figure out how to once and for all make change real .
Rather , I look to these folks for inspiration , just as I do people outside our community , or people who have gone before us like Harvey Milk , Harry Hay , Betty Berzon , etc ...
Though they inspire me , I do n't believe any one person is the savior of the movement .
We need to refocus and remember that the goal is not glory but equality .
Any time we start giving one person or organization too much credit , we risk losing sight of that goal .
It becomes about defending and promoting that personality , rather than keeping our eyes on the prize .
Having great leaders is good , but do n't forget we all have the potential for great leadership .
Even people I do n't particularly get along with or agree with do impressive amazing things every day , and though we have different ideas about how to move this movement along , I do n't doubt their dedication .
Ace Lundon , my co-host over at Lundon Calling , always says :
" There is so much good in the worst of us , and so much bad in the best of us , it 's hard to know which part of us should reform the other . "
Fixed client crash related flashlight usage .
Fixed several issues related to alt - tabbing ( invisible players , etc ) .
Added The Frontier Justice .
Added The Wrangler .
Added The Gunslinger .
Added The Southern Hospitality .
Added 35 Engineer achievements .
Engineers can now pickup & move their buildings .
Added Engineer main menu music .
Added 4 new maps :
Thunder Mountain , a 3 stage Payload map .
Hightower , a Payload Race map .
Upward , a Payload map .
ColdFront , a community built Capture Point map .
Item tuning :
The Sandvich now uses a cooldown timer , instead of the health pack recharge mechanic .
The Gunboats now reduce self - damage by 60 % ( was 75 % )
The Tribalman 's Shiv bleed duration reduced to 6 second ( was 8 ) , and its damage penalty increased to 50 % ( was 35 % ) .
Added better feedback sound for Pyros on when their flamethrower is doing damage .
Fixed blood effect on bleeding player .
Added a glow effect to Payload carts .
Added Romanian language support .
Updates to Team Fortress 2 , Counter - Strike : Source and Day of Defeat : Source have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
" I think the personalities of a professional football team , they have a way of coming together when they get united doing one thing -- and that 's winning football games , " Lewis said .
" That 's the challenge .
That 's what I 've spoken to all of them about .
I can't tell you on which day who is going to get a chance to do what , but that your time is coming .
Be ready .
Be prepared .
Come on every day and strap up and let 's go to work .
Your day will come .
As a one - time professional singer , I understand how grueling live performances can be .
But , unlike all of the entries on this list , I survived my years in the spotlight .
This list looks at twelve people who died in the midst of a performance .
12 Johnny Ace
Johnny
Ace was a rhythm and blues musician , active from 1949 to 1954 .
Born in Tennessee in 1929 as John Marshall Alexander Jnr. , he served his country in the Navy during the Korean War before becoming a musician .
On Christmas 1954 , Ace was performing in Houston , Texas , when , during a break in the set , he began playing with a .22 cal Revolver – as band members often did , shooting at road signs etc .
It is widely reported that Ace was either playing Russian roulette during the break , or bragging about how the gun was n’t loaded , when in fact it was .
It ’s reported he had been drinking , and was warned to “ Be careful ” as he waved his pistol around , before stating “ it ’s okay , gun is n’t loaded see ? ” while putting it to his head and pulling the trigger .
11 Edith Webster
Edith Webster was an actress who performed on stage in theaters .
She was performing in Baltimore , and , while singing her swan song “ Please do n’t talk about me when I ’m gone ” , collapsed and died , both in the play , and in real life .
She had suffered a heart attack at the exact moment her character was meant to collapse and die .
Obviously , the audience thought it was part of the act and applauded , unknowingly , at both her death , and the stagehands call for help , thinking it was part of the play .
10 J.I. Rodale
Real name Jerome Irving Rodale , was a playwright , editor , author and publisher , born in 1898 .
During his life he published various Organic Farming magazines .
While not technically a performer , he died while appearing as a guest on the Dick Cavett show in 1971 .
Having finished his interview , but still being on - stage , Cavett brought out his second guest , Pete Hamill – a columnist for the New York Post .
It was during this interview that Rodale let out a “ snoring sound ” , which got laughs from the audience , before the camera zoomed in on his face and Hamill said jokingly , “ This looks bad ” .
Still , the audience laughed , although Cavett was n’t – he says he ‘ knew ’ Rodale was dead .
Two interns rushed on to stage to try and revive him , but could n’t .
Ironically , during his interview , he said “ I ’m in such good health that I fell down a long flight of stairs yesterday and I laughed all the way ” , “ I ’ve decided to live to be a hundred ” , as well as “ I never felt better in my life ! ”
He had also previously bragged that “ I ’m going to live to be 100 , unless I ’m run down by some sugar - crazed taxi driver . ”
9 Paul Mantz
Stunt pilots live on the edge of life and death all the time , but Paul Mantz managed to survive a long career as a stunt pilot and racing pilot champion .
It was during the filming of ‘ The Flight of the Phoenix ’ , in 1965 , that Mantz died , while attempting a very low flight over a desert site in Arizona .
According to reports , Mantz ’s plane struck a small hillock and he lost control .
After trying to save the aircraft , it split in two and nosed into the ground , killing him instantly .
Officials have blamed alcohol consumption before the stunt as the reason his judgment and efficiency were not as they should have been .
The final credit in The Flight of the Phoenix says , “ It should be remembered … that Paul Mantz , a fine man and a brilliant flier , gave his life in the making of this film … ”
8 Karl Wallenda
Karl Wallenda was a German daredevil born in 1905 , and the founder of ‘ The Flying Wallendas ’ – an international dare devil circus act .
He was most famed for his wire walks , which he would perform between two very high structures without a safety net , particularly in his later years .
In 1978 , at age 73 , he died while attempting to cross between two towers of a ten story hotel in Puerto Rico .
While crossing the gap , winds of around 30 miles per hour were enough to cause Wallenda to lose his balance and fall 121 feet to his death .
He was quoted as saying , “ Life is being on the wire ; everything else is just waiting . ”
7 Leslie “ Les ” Harvey
Leslie Harvey , born in 1945 , was a Scottish guitarist for many bands during the 1960s and 1970s , most notably Stone the Crows .
Before their formation in 1969 , however , Harvey played with the band ‘ Cartoone ’ as they toured the United States supporting Led Zeppelin .
On 3 May 1972 , while performing with Stone the Crows at the Swansea Top Rank Ballroom in Wales , he touched an unearthed microphone with wet hands and was electrocuted .
The shock killed him .
6 Eric Morecambe
John Eric Bartholomew , OBE was an English comedian who , together with Ernie Wise , formed the award - winning comedy duo ‘ Morecambe and Wise ’ .
He took his stage name from the seaside town of Morecombe , in which he grew up .
He became a famed presenter and comedian throughout the years , co-hosting the hugely popular ‘ The Morecambe and Wise Show ’ , which hit a record 28 million viewers on one of their Christmas Specials .
Throughout his career he suffered 2 heart attacks , before succumbing to the third on 28 May , 1984 .
He was appearing at a comedy show at the Roses Theater in Tewkesbury , and , due to his huge popularity , returned to the stage six times after the end of his show .
After his sixth return he announced “ That ’s your lot ! ” before leaving the stage .
After walking off - stage , he joked “ Thank goodness that ’s over ” , before collapsing .
He was pronounced dead at 4 am the next morning .
He was 58 .
5 Jon-Eric Hexum
Jon-Eric Hexum was an actor and model , born in the 50’s in New Jersey .
He played various roles in American television programs before landing his big lead role in the series ‘ Cover Up ’ in 1984 , in which he played a model turned weapons expert and CIA agent .
As with most shows that include guns , the prop .44 Magnum was loaded with blanks , however , it is reported that Hexum was unaware that this prop gun would still shoot out paper wadding which was used to seal gun powder in the shell .
During the shooting of a scene where he was to empty the gun of real bullets and load it with blanks , a technical problem meant the scene was delayed , and Hexum fell asleep .
Upon waking he realized the scene still was n’t done and began playing with the gun .
It is reported he was playing Russian roulette with the gun , which was loading with 3 empty cartridges and 2 blanks .
He put it to his head and said “ Let ’s see if I ’ve got one for me ” before pulling the trigger .
While the paper wadding did n’t penetrate his skull , it hit with enough force to dislodge a quarter - size piece of skull and propel it into his brain .
The accident happened on 12 October , 1984 , and , despite 5 hours of surgery , Hexum died 6 days later – he was declared brain dead due to the massive bleeding in his brain .
His mother flew his body to San Francisco to be harvested for organ transplants before he was buried .
4 Brandon Lee
Brandon Bruce Lee was the son of martial arts legend Bruce Lee , and was born in 1965 .
During his relatively short career , he walked in his father ’s footsteps and starred in many kung fu and action films throughout the 80’s and 90’s .
In 1992 , he landed the starring role in ‘ The Crow ’ – a film based on an underground comic book about an undead musician .
On March 31 , 1993 , the crew were filming a scene in which Lee ’s character , Eric Draven , finds his girlfriend being beaten and raped by thugs .
As he walked onto set , an actor playing one of the thugs was supposed to shoot at Lee with a gun loaded with blanks .
Because of various tamperings with the gun , and the blanks being used ( the extent of which is still not fully understood ) , the gun was left with enough primer to push the bullet cartridge out of the gun .
Although at a speed much slower than a proper bullet , from close range , it could still prove dangerous .
The malfunction went unnoticed and Lee was hit in the abdomen as the bullet traveled through his body and lodged in his spine .
The scene was immediately cut and an ambulance called , though it is believed his heart stopped beating on the way to the hospital .
Despite a six - hour operation , and 60 pints of blood transfusions , Brandon Lee died at 1:04 pm .
He was just 28 years old .
He was buried next to his father in Washington .
3 Dimebag Darrell
Dimebag Darrell ( real name Darrell Lance Abbott ) was an American guitarist famous for being a founding member of the metal bands Pantera and Damageplan .
Born in 1966 , throughout his music career he was praised and widely regarded as “ one of the most influential stylists in modern metal ” .
He was killed on stage while performing with Damageplan , on December 8th 2004 , by an ex-marine called Nathan Gale .
Gale shot Abbott 5 times , including once in the head , before turning on others and shooting a further 10 shots .
He killed 3 more people , including an employee of the arena , and Damageplan ’s head of security – both of whom tried to wrestle the hand gun from his hands , and an audience member as he tried to perform CPR on Abbott .
He also wounded 7 others .
He was killed by a policeman who approached him from behind , as he had a hostage in a headlock , and he was shot in the head with a 12 - gauge shotgun .
A nurse tried to revive Darrell but he was dead by the time paramedics arrived .
The reasons for Gale ’s attack have been debated .
An initial motive that was theorized was that Gale was angry at the breakup of Pantera and blamed Abbott for this , or that , apparently , Pantera had stolen a song written by Gale .
Another theory suggested Gale was a paranoid schizophrenic and was convinced Damageplan members were reading his mind and stealing his thoughts .
Darrell Abbott was buried in a KISS casket , with Eddie Van Halen ’s Charvel Hybrid VH2 guitar .
2 Owen Hart
Owen James
Hart was a Canadian wrestler , born in 1965 , who won multiple titles during his career , most notably during his time at the WCW , and the WWF .
He started his wrestling life in Japan , wrestling for the NJPW ( new Japan pro wrestling ) circuit , and gained popularity throughout his time in America .
He was most memorable for his relationship with his brother , Bret , and his feud with Jerry Lawler , as well as winning his tag team title with Yokozuna .
Hart died on May 23rd , 1999 , during his arrival to the ring for an Intercontinental Championship match with The Godfather , during the Over - The - Edge pay - per - view event .
He was supposed to be lowered into the ring on a harness , where he would be dropped a meter or so from the surface for comedic effect .
Tragically , his harness malfunctioned and released Hart too early .
He fell 78 feet ( 24 meters ) into the ring and landed chest first on the top rope before being propelled into the middle of the ring .
He was able to sit up for a short while after the accident , before losing consciousness .
He was rushed to hospital , but pronounced dead on arrival .
Hart had died from internal bleeding , due to a severed aorta .
1 Tommy Cooper
Tommy Cooper was a welsh - born , British prop comedian and magician , famous for the red fez he always wore , and the persona he crafted of a magician whose tricks always go wrong .
Cooper died on April 15 , 1984 , as he performed live on television for a variety show entitled “ Live from her Majesty ’s ” .
During a sketch in which he was to pull numerous objects from a gown , just after his assistant helped him put the gown on , Copper collapsed and sat against the curtain while the audience and his assistant laughed , thinking it was an impromptu part of his act .
He then fell backwards onto his back , creating more laughs .
However , as the minutes passed , it was apparent that something had actually gone wrong , and it was n’t part of his act .
Another curtain was closed to hide where he had fallen , and other acts carried on on the front of the stage .
People backstage tried to resuscitate him but could n’t .
He was pronounced dead on arrival at Westminster hospital , from a heart attack .
He was 63 years old .
Controversy later arose from the fact the video of him collapsing was posted on YouTube .
It can be found by searching ‘ Tommy Cooper death ’ .
US firm Raytheon unveils its new anti-aircraft laser at the Farnborough Airshow in Hampshire , releasing a video of it shooting down an unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) at the US Navy test range on San Nicolas Island off the coast of California .
Video supplied by Raytheon .
The United States will fall into another recession in the next two years , predict two respected economic experts , the prescient hedge fund trader Jim Rogers and the housing sage Robert Schiller .
And this time , the world wo n't have any bullet left to shoot .
Speaking in an interview with business television channel CNBC , the septuagenarian investor said that " since the beginning of time " there has been a recession every four - to - six years , and that 's mean another one is due around 2012 .
And here 's Schiller :
" For me a double - dip is another recession before we 've healed from this recession .
The probability of that kind of double - dip is more than 50 pc .
I actually expect it , " he said .
His prediction came despite the S&P / Case - Shiller index for May showing a 4.6 pc year - on - year increase in house prices in 20 major US conurbations .
Why ?
Read the full story at CNBC .
A renegade Afghan soldier killed three British army Gurkha soldiers during a joint patrol on Tuesday in southern Helmand province , officials said .
The man responsible for killing the troops was still on the run , but the military has been making " strenuous efforts " to find him , two statements said .
The troops killed were Gurkhas , who are drawn from Nepal .
The attack happened near Lashkar Gah , the provincial capital of Helmand , where some 9,000 British troops are based as part of the NATO - led force .
NATO said in a statement that three of its soldiers were killed in an attack in southern Afghanistan , but gave no further details .
" The soldiers were killed in a suspected premeditated attack by a member of the Afghan National Army using a combination of weapons , " the Ministry of Defence said in a statement .
A spokesman for Task Force Helmand , Lieutenant Colonel James Carr - Smith , confirmed the attack .
" It is with deep sorrow I must inform you that three soldiers from the 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles Battle Group were killed this morning in southern Nahr-e Saraj , Helmand Province , " he said .
" We believe these were the actions of a lone individual who has betrayed his ISAF and Afghan comrades . "
" We heard about this this morning with regret and the President was upset to hear this , " Waheed Omer , spokesman for Afghan president Hamid Karzai , said .
British prime minister David Cameron said he was " appalled " by the attack .
The attack is not the first time foreign troops have been killed by renegade Afghan security forces , raising concern among some in the West about the degree of Taliban infiltration in state security forces trained and funded by the NATO as part of its fight against the resurgent militants .
An Afghan policeman killed five British soldiers at a training base in southern Helmand province last November .
A month later , an Afghan soldier shot dead a US service member and wounded two Italian soldiers in a joint NATO and Afghan base in north - western Badghis .
There have been several other attacks by men in army and police uniforms against government and international forces .
- AFP / Reuters
Last week , I began the start of a series of posts reviewing and analyzing the goals allowed by New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur from the 2009 - 10 season .
There are links to each video from NHL.com of every goal allowed in October 2009 along with commentary about the goals themselves in this post .
If you 're interested in the playoffs , I 've reviewed all 15 of those allowed from the 5 games series back in April in this post .
Today , I 'm covering all of the goals allowed in November 2009 .
Based on his monthly stats at NHL.com , this was Brodeur 's best statistically .
Sure , he was excellent in April but he only played 6 games as opposed to 10 games in November .
Yet , despite the impressive numbers , Brodeur did not put up a shutout as he done multiple times in December , January , and April .
GP W L OTL GA GAA SA SV SV % SO Nov. 2009 - Martin Brodeur 11 8 2 1 18 1.67 279 297 93.9
0
Certainly , these are numbers no one can deny as anything less than spectacular .
Still , it does n't mean that Brodeur was perfect .
Let 's take a closer look at these 18 goals allowed .
How many were soft ?
Where was Brodeur often beat on those goals ?
Were there any common issues that led to these goals against ?
Please set your viewing to " Wide " and see the big chart of results after the jump .
As I stated last week , all videos come from NHL.com .
Links are provided for your own curiosity , so if you disagree with me on a certain goal or if I made an error , you can check it out for yourself .
Also , here 's how I 'm defining a " soft " goal : I watch how the shot came through Brodeur and determine whether Brodeur really should have stopped the puck .
This means he must have seen the shot coming , the shot was not deflected or change otherwise in motion , he was in position to actually make the stop , and whether Brodeur made an uncharacteristic mistake that led to the goal ( meaning : it was n't a difficult shot to stop ) .
If all were true , then I deemed the goal as " soft . "
Again , I 've included links to all the goals against so you can make your own judgment .
Without further ado , here 's the chart for all goals allowed by Martin Brodeur in November 2009 .
The Chart for November 2009
Date GA # Where Beaten ?
Goal Description Soft Goal ?
Video Link 11/4/2009 28
Low , middle , through legs Turnover at blueline leads to 2 - on - 1 , Sloan gets pass below right circle ; Brodeur faces him standing up , but Sloan sneaks shot low through 5 - hole Yes ?
Link 11/4/2009 29
High , above glove hand , through screen Caps win faceoff ; puck kicks out to Fleischmann on point .
He fires it hard and high to Brodeur 's left .
Brodeur screened by Knuble ; shot hits top left corner No Link 11/7/2009 30
High , above left shoulder , through screen / deflection After a flurry of saves , Michalek takes shot just outside slot in left circle , possibly deflected by a Devil , and beats Brodeur high to his left No Link 11/7/2009 31 Low , off glove and trickles in Lee takes shot from right boards above circle , Brodeur is in place to grab puck .
Only it 's mishandled , trickles down and into the net .
Yes Link 11/11/2009 32
Low , to Brodeur 's left , off rebound Brodeur stops Ryan 's wraparound , Getzlaf jams it , puck goes across to open Perry at crease .
Perry 's behind Brodeur ( left of his position ) , easy goal for him .
No Link 11/12/2009 33
Low , through Brodeur 's left pad , off rebound Brodeur dives to stop Crosby 's backhand , the rebound is shallow , and Fedotenko literally is at crease jamming at leg .
He eventually knocks the puck over line No Link 11/14/2009 34 Past Brodeur 's right through screen ; " middle " height Fleischmann fires a one - timer from left circle through screen and rockets it past Brodeur 's blocker - PPGA No Link 11/14/2009 35 Low , past Brodeur 's right pad Perreault with a one timer in the slot , beats sliding Brodeur low and to his right No Link 11/16/2009 36 Low , right , below diving Brodeur Powe takes a point - blank one timer right in front of crease past diving Brodeur .
No Link 11/16/2009 37
Low , right , deflected off Mottau on flank Hartnell takes pass from Richards on cycle , to Brodeur 's left near crease .
He fires it across and the puck bounces off Mottau ( on Brodeur 's flank ) and in .
PPGA No Link 11/16/2009 38
Low , past left pad Turnover by Flyers was about to be taken by Salvador , but Brodeur poke checks it up into slot .
Van Reimsdyk is there to put the puck past Brodeur .
A Marty turnover Yes Link 11/19/2009 39
Low , through legs , off rebound Brodeur stops Dumont 's shot , rebound goes to just outside left circle .
Arnott whacks at it and it slides through Brodeur 's legs .
Should have had it .
Yes Link 11/19/2009 40
Low , off right post and in , re-directed shot Arnott re-directs Dumont 's shot in the slot and it goes past Brodeur 's right pad , off the post and in .
No Link 11/21/2009 41
Low , past left pad and slides in , on ice , off rebound Brodeur slides to make a big stop with pads , Wandell whacks at puck at side of net to get it past ( over ? ) left pad and into net No Link 11/21/2009 42 Low , through screen , possibly through legs Robidas takes hard , low one - timer above left circle and it beats Brodeur , possibly through legs .
There was a screen moving in front during shot .
No Link 11/25/2009 43
Low , through legs , off deflection Winchester fires a low shot from the point , Michalek right in front of Brodeur deflects the shot to re-direct it through Brodeur 's 5 - hole No Link 11/27/2009 44
High , over Brodeur 's right shoulder Wheeler all - alone at crease to Brodeur 's right .
Pass comes to him , Brodeur is sliding across , but Wheeler 's shot was too hard and high to stop in time .
No Link 11/28/2009 45
High , over Brodeur 's right shoulder , top right corner Park just unloads a perfectly placed slapshot over Brodeur 's right shoulder , and picked the top right corner .
No Link
Commentary
Let 's start with the soft goals first .
Brodeur did n't just cut down the amount of goals allowed from October to November by a third ( 27 to 18 ) , but he cut down the number of soft goals allowed from 8 to 4 .
The first one reviewed , goal # 28 , I 'm only uneasy of calling it soft because the whole play was a result of an awful turnover at the Devils blueline that left Brodeur caught in an impromptu two - on - one .
A two - on - one that was n't well defended at all by White , who was just as surprised at what happened .
Still , I felt Brodeur should have went into a butterfly or at least not be caught standing with his five - hole open .
The other soft goals were far more clear - cut .
Goal # 31 was just a mishandling by Brodeur ; Brodeur intercepted a loose puck and knocked it right to James van Reimsdyk on goal # 38 ; and Brodeur had more than enough time on the rebound to get his legs closed but did n't en route to goal # 39 .
Either way , Brodeur cut down the number of soft goals in this month and that 's good even if you do or do n't count goal # 28 as soft .
Since his overall number of goals allowed also fell , the percentage of soft goals for November was 22.22 % .
Across both October and November , Brodeur 's soft goals percentage was 26.67 % .
This still means the majority of the goals allowed were n't bad goals by Brodeur .
In fact , this month saw the prevalence of screens rising .
On four of Brodeur 's goals allowed , there was some sort of screen that caused Brodeur to not see or get in the right position for the shot .
Goal # 29 and # 34 were more traditional , guy is standing right in front of Brodeur .
Goal # 30 was an example of multiple screens , where upon his own teammate may have inadvertently beaten something he could n't see .
Goal # 42 was a good example of a moving screen - a player skating into Brodeur 's view either right before or during the shot .
With goals # 29 and # 34 brought up here , I can see why a common demand for a defenseman is to " clear the crease . "
However , such an idea was n't possible on the latter two brought up .
I 've also noticed ( my own confirmation bias ? ) that this month saw more defensive errors leading to goals rather than just well - placed shots .
I can name 4 of my own .
The root cause of goal # 28 was a gaffe in New Jersey 's own zone .
No one picked up Perry at the crease on goal # 32 .
Who was trying to stop Wandell on goal # 41 when he was whacking at the puck ?
Given that goal # 44 was at even strength , there was absolutely no reason for Blake Wheeler to be that wide open to score the goal he did .
If there was better coverage or better reactions by the skaters in front of Brodeur , then maybe these four goals against do n't happen .
In fact , if there was even some better luck , then perhaps the Devils do n't deflect pucks into their own net like what possibly happened on goal # 30 and Mike Mottau on goal # 37 ( and before you scream at Mottau , that was also unintentional ) .
I 'm not saying there were no just well - placed shots ( e.g . Park 's was brilliant in goal # 45 ) or other kinds of goals allowed ; but this month just stuck out to me with the variety of goals allowed despite of how many fewer goals there were .
Location of Goals Against
All locations are relative to Brodeur himself , not necessarily where the puck goes into the net .
It 's pretty simplistic , but it 'll do for general information .
Location Count % Total Low Left 5 27.78 % Low Middle 4 22.22 % Low Right 4 22.22 % Middle Left 0 0.00 % Middle Middle 0 0.00 % Middle Right 1 5.56 % High Left 2 11.11 % High Middle 0 0.00 % High Right 2 11.11 %
Last month , Brodeur gave up close to as many goals low ( 10 ) as he did high ( 11 ) .
Not in November , they tended to get past Brodeur low : 13 on the ice or just a few inches above it as opposed to 4 that went high on Brodeur .
Given how the goals were scored , this should n't be so surprising .
A shot that gets through Brodeur 's legs will be low .
A few one - timers that beat a sliding Brodeur were just beyond his pads .
One of the two deflections ( goal # 43 ) and the one goal allowed off a re-direction ( goal # 40 ) came in low .
All four soft goals beat Brodeur low .
These goals add up and result in this disparity .
Interestingly , when it comes to horizontal direction , the goals against remain even : 7 to Brodeur 's left , 7 to Brodeur 's right , and 4 through the middle .
Similar results were found last month , so these two months have yet to reveal a specific direction or spot where Brodeur was often beat other than that they would be low shots .
Your Take
This was a short month for review , given how well Brodeur played throughout the month .
While the next two months will see six less games due to shutouts , Brodeur did allow more than 30 goals in each so expect some pretty long posts in the next two weeks .
But worry about that until then , now is the time to discuss November 2009 for Brodeur .
What surprised you about these findings ?
What did n't surprise you ?
Is there anything you noticed from my findings that I did n't go over ?
Is there something I need to explain ?
Please leave me your thoughts in the comments , and as always , thank you for reading .
One would expect that Christians , Muslims , Jews and other religious people would be offended by new “ GodBlock ” software aimed at removing Biblical references from children ’s computer screens .
But a number of atheists do n’t like the tool either .
The program , according to its designers , “ will test each page that your child visits before it is loaded , looking for passages from holy texts , names of religious figures , and other signs of religious propaganda .
If none are found , then your child is allowed to browse freely . ”
“ I do n’t like it , ” David Silverman , national spokesperson and vice president of American Atheists , told the People ’s World .
“ I do n’t believe in sheltering kids from information . ”
American Atheists is the leading organization in the U.S. fighting for the total separation of church and state , and dates its founding to 1963 .
Atheists , a largely misunderstood group , generally pride themselves on favoring the free flow of ideas .
GodBlock ’s defenders have argued that children need to be protected from some of the truly horrifying imagery in the religious texts .
Penn Jillette , of the comedy - magic duo Penn and Teller , said of GodBlock via Twitter , “ Finally some software to help your children avoid dangerous crazy violent sick sh*t that we have proof does real damage . ”
Silverman quickly agreed that “ there are some disgusting things in the Bible .
They ’re talking about smashing babies against the rocks , talking about drinking [ urine ] and eating dung .
There ’s really horrible stuff : the genocide , of course , the hate , it ’s all in there .
The whole process of killing people because they ’re different – ‘ suffer not a witch to live ’ – that stuff . ”
But “ I think kids need to see them , ” Silverman continued .
“ We should not be afraid of information exchange .
We should not be afraid of anyone learning anything . ”
He dismissed the idea that the Bible should be blocked as some sort of pornography , saying , “ I would n’t put the Bible in the same category as pornography .
I would put it in the same category as very bad literature . ”
Of course , extreme right - wing Christians and Islamists have often tried to ban things they found offensive .
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani tried to shutter the Brooklyn Museum because of a controversial art work , and Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa against author Salman Rushdie , ordering that he be killed for publishing his novel “ The Satanic Verses . ”
“ We should n’t be like them , ” Silverman said .
Supporters of GodBlock argue that the program is necessary to shield kids from information that will lead them into organized religion .
“ Even children raised in a secular household , ” says godblock.com , “ are vulnerable to content on the web . ”
But Silverman does n’t agree that children are so easily influenced : “ I tell everybody to read the Bible and I mean it .
I say , the best way to make an atheist is to give them a Bible and plenty of time . ”
Arguing the necessity of their program , GodBlock ’s creators write , “ In the last century , the United States has seen a resurgence of fundamentalist religion .
Fundamentalist Evangelicals , Mormons , Baptists , Muslims , and Jews have held back progress in science , human rights , civil rights , and protecting our environment . ”
But other atheists argue that the free flow of ideas , more than anything else , benefits the atheist viewpoint .
The so - called New Atheist movement , spurred on by authors Sam Harris , Christopher Hitchens , Daniel Dennett and Richard Dawkins , a philosophically diverse group , has been gaining ground quickly – so much so , in fact , that the fastest growing demographic in American society is that of the non-believer .
The number of people who claim “ no religion , ” according to surveys , has gone from 8 percent in 1990 to 15 percent in 2009 .
Photo : www.godblock.com
Amber is seven years old and loves Miley Cyrus .
She sleeps with a poster of the actress above her bed and stores all her most treasured possessions in a glittery purple box emblazoned with the image of Hannah Montana .
She also likes watching music videos on YouTube and making up dances to accompany the songs of JLS , her favourite boy - band .
But , most of all , Amber likes to collect stones .
" This is my red collection , " she says , unzipping her pink rucksack and carefully lifting out a series of rust - coloured stones .
She lays them in a line on the carpet and looks at them proudly .
To all intents and purposes , Amber is a confident little girl with an array of enthusiasms and interests .
But it is hard not to notice as she talks that her eyelids are powdered with gold eyeshadow .
Her hair has been styled with two sparkly hairclips and she is wearing a pale pink dress studded with fabric flowers .
Later , she will show me a certificate she was given for taking part in the Mini Miss UK competition earlier this year .
Because as well as being a normal seven - year - old , Amber is also an aspiring child beauty queen .
Did she enjoy entering the beauty pageant ?
Amber thinks for a second and then nods her head .
Will she be entering any more ?
" Yes . "
She pauses , a touch uncertainly .
" If Mummy told me to . "
The child beauty pageant circuit in the UK has seen a recent explosion in popularity .
Although such contests are commonplace in America , where they have spawned a multimillion - dollar industry , they are a relatively new import to this side of the Atlantic .
But in a Britain increasingly enamoured with the instant fame of reality television stars and image - conscious glamour models , demand for child beauty contests has risen exponentially .
Five years ago , there were no mini beauty pageants in Britain .
Today , more than 20 are held each year with thousands of girls ( and sometimes even boys ) taking part .
Many of the contestants are as young as five and one pageant excludes anyone over the age of 12 .
A typical beauty pageant will consist of several rounds , often including an " evening wear " section , where children parade down a catwalk swathed in taffeta and Swarovski crystals , and a talent round , in which contestants will display a particular gift , such as singing , dancing or baton - twirling .
For a successful child beauty queen the rewards can be lucrative – the winner of Junior Miss British Isles can expect to pocket £ 2,500 – but it takes a lot of work .
Sasha Bennington , 13 , one of the most successful child beauty queens on the UK circuit , undergoes a gruelling beauty routine to keep up appearances and insists on a spray tan every week , a new set of acrylic nails each month and regular bleaching of her white - blonde hair .
Unsurprisingly , Bennington 's idol is Katie Price .
Chloe Lindsay : " I look at myself and go , ' wow ' . "
Photograph : Suki Dhanda for the Observer
To their critics , such beauty pageants are exploitative , pressurising children to adopt semi-sexualised adult mannerisms that they do not fully understand and enforcing the message that physical appearance is all - important .
Claude Knights , the director of child protection charity Kidscape , says that pageants " give young girls the signal that it 's OK to value yourself along a particular , superficial dimension .
It 's not about the whole person . "
Yet many in the pageant industry insist it is a harmless pastime that instils young girls with confidence and self - esteem .
" I personally see pageants as a positive thing , especially with the ladette culture that we have , " says Katie Froud , the founder of Alba Model Information , the UK's only independent modelling advice service .
" I 'd rather these girls were concentrating on keeping themselves fit , eating healthily , having good deportment and putting their hard - won pocket money into an outfit for a pageant than spending it all on the lash , out on the street . "
Both sides of the debate will be examined in a forthcoming six - part BBC
Three documentary series , Baby Beauty Queens , which gives a vivid depiction of the world of miniature tiaras and satin sashes : there are Fake Baked 11 - year - olds with heavy false eyelashes and feathers in their hair ; there are precocious six - year - olds performing provocative dance routines in tight - fitting , spangly outfits ; there are young girls in lip gloss and mascara , their hair pumped up with hairspray and their eyes densely lined with kohl .
Entering a pageant is thus a time - consuming and costly process , involving entrance fees of up to £ 200 .
On top of that , parents can expect to pay several hundred pounds for suitably eye - catching outfits – from tailor - made mini- ballgowns laced with diamanté to the flamenco - style red-and - white polka - dot dress that Amber wore to compete in Mini Miss UK .
" She had a fan and castanets to go with it , " says Amber 's mother , Sally , when I meet the two of them at their terraced home in Hampshire .
" She had a bit of a tantrum when I gave her the castanets .
I said , ' Amber , Spaniards are nothing without castanets ! ' "
She throws her head back and laughs .
Sally , a vivacious 36 - year - old former air hostess , entered the Yummy Mummy section of the contest alongside her daughter .
She did not win , although she makes it clear she thinks this was an oversight on the part of the judges .
" It 's an obsession , really , of mine that one day I can be in the limelight , " Sally says with a faraway gleam in her eye .
" I can be famous .
Why not ?
Sometimes I look at those people on the television and I think to myself : ' What do they have that I do n't ? ' "
Sally is separated from her husband and is a full - time mother of two – Amber has a younger brother , Keanu , five .
Is n't it expensive entering these contests on a tight household budget ?
Sally nods her head .
" It is .
If I was to do it again right at this stage , I could n't .
I 'd be putting myself into even more debt .
It 's very expensive if you do n't win .
If you do n't win , all you get is this … "
She opens a glass - fronted cabinet and takes out a plastic silver tiara , holding it at arm 's length and wrinkling her nose as though disposing of a freshly laid dog turd .
" For what – 200 quid ? "
Throughout this conversation , Amber is rushing around the sitting room sipping on a carton of Ribena and not paying much attention to what her mother is saying .
I wonder if there was part of Sally that wanted to enter Amber into the pageant because of her own desire for attention .
" I do n't force her , " Sally insists .
" She 's always wanted to be in front of the camera or on TV .
She 's been acting and dancing from the age of three .
For us the pageant was a new experience .
It was something different . "
It is clear that Amber is a bright and charismatic girl , but does entering such a young child into a pageant encourage her to grow up too quickly ?
" I do n't foresee any problem as to what I 've done with my daughter personally , " says Sally .
" I do n't allow Amber to wear mascara .
If it 's a special event , I do her eyes and give her a little bit of clear lip gloss , but she 's beautiful as she is .
She 's a child and I believe that her beauty comes from within . "
In the end , despite her obvious prettiness and natural charm , Amber did not win the Mini Miss UK title .
Instead , she was awarded the prize for " Mini Miss Manners " .
" My heart broke when she did n't win , " Sally admits .
" I had some expectations of coming somewhere even if it was n't the top winner . "
But when I ask Amber whether she minded not scooping first prize , she does n't seem particularly bothered .
" No , " she answers , matter - of - factly .
" I think I deserved to be a winner , not second or third .
Someday I 'll win . "
Sally nods approvingly , as though an important life lesson has been learnt .
" Good girl , " she says , beaming at her daughter .
In many ways , the rise in child beauty pageants can be linked to an increasingly pronounced cultural trend to treat young children as mini adults .
Supermarkets have been criticised in the past for selling padded bras and pole - dancing kits aimed at children , while the popularity of scantily clad female bands such as the Pussycat Dolls among pre-teenagers would seem to suggest that girls are growing up far more quickly than they used to .
In April , David Cameron ( then Leader of the Opposition ) spoke out against the " inappropriate sexualisation " of children and a slew of recent surveys have shown that young people are becoming progressively more concerned with their appearance , at the same time as their body image appears to be plummeting .
In 2009 , a poll of 3,000 teenage girls showed that more than a quarter would spend their money on their looks rather than their studies , while one in five had considered plastic surgery .
An Ofsted study of almost 150,000 children aged 10 to 15 found that 32 % worried about their bodies , while a recent BBC survey highlighted the fact that " half of girls aged eight to 12 want to look like the women they see in the media and six out of 10 thought they'd be happier if they were thinner " .
According to Claude Knights , the beauty pageant industry is , at root , about : " the commercialisation and sexualisation of childhood .
These young girls are precocious .
What they begin to do is look older , they acquire these veneers .
They look assertive , they look confident , but how deep does that really go if it 's built on such an ephemeral notion ?
Aesthetic , external attributes have a place , but they should not be the sole means by which a child should measure themselves . "
Does she believe that such contests could encourage paedophilia ?
" There is a concern about that , " Knights acknowledges .
" We do know that predators or paedophiles continually tend to justify their interest in children by saying children are sexual beings .
That children are now given a channel to become little Lolitas , to be portrayed as older , to almost become mini adults – these are all trends that give legitimacy to that kind of thinking . "
In America , where the tradition of beauty pageants is far more entrenched , the industry has been overshadowed for years by the murder of six - year - old child beauty queen JonBenet Ramsey , who was found sexually abused and garrotted in the basement of her family 's home in Boulder , Colorado , on Boxing Day 1996 .
The case is still unsolved .
In the UK , one of the most disturbing aspects of the child beauty pageant scene is that it remains almost entirely unlegislated .
" There have been a number of pageants that have been set up , that get all the entrance money off the girls and then never run the competition , " says Froud .
" You literally can just say , ' I 'm running a beauty pageant . ' "
But Froud is also quick to point out that a properly run pageant can be beneficial .
Many of them donate a slice of their profits to charity and , she says , the contests can promote " grace and good manners and wanting to do good …
The girls who enter learn about focus and they can start to learn better behaviour . "
In fact , many of the mothers and daughters I speak to are remarkably sensible and see beauty pageants as part of a well - balanced life , rather than the sole focus of it .
Frequently , it seems that the children are the ones badgering their parents to enter rather than the other way round – one 10 - year - old girl went door - to - door asking for sponsorship from her local community and raised £ 300 towards her pageant outfit .
It is an example that does much to challenge the beauty pageant stereotype of pushy parents and spoilt , doll - like children with glassy - eyed stares professing their fervent desire for world peace .
In many cases , a contestant 's personality seems to flourish under the spotlight in a way that mirrors the plot of the Oscar - winning 2006 film , Little Miss Sunshine .
The movie poked fun at the child pageant scene but also used it as a backdrop for the seven - year - old Olive ( bespectacled and slightly chubby ) to revel in her own individuality .
According to the girl 's mother Sheryl ( played by Toni Collette ) : " We have to let Olive be Olive . "
Indeed , for all that the film pokes fun at the meaningless ritual behind such contests , it is the pageant that ultimately brings Olive 's dysfunctional family together .
When I speak to Telka DONYAI , 11 , she comes across as eloquent , mature and level - headed beyond her years .
For Telka , entering the 2010 Miss Mini Photogenic UK beauty pageant seemed to be a natural extension to the sorts of things she enjoyed doing anyway .
She is already an accomplished actress who appeared in the BBC drama series Bonekickers and voices one of the three main characters in the CBeebies cartoon Kerwhizz .
" Ever since I was younger I 've been interested in acting and modelling , " Telka says .
" I came across this beauty pageant on the internet and spoke to Mum about it and said I wanted to give it a go . "
Her mother , Bonnie , who was herself a child model in Iran , was supportive .
" Telka 's very intelligent and makes a lot of her own decisions , " Bonnie says .
" As she gets older , people are commenting that she 's a very pretty girl and she 's perhaps conscious that 's another part of her .
She 's A / A + in everything and I think she wants to challenge that cliché that if you 're brainy you can't be pretty .
She thinks you can have it all .
So I think , for her , entering the pageant was mainly curiosity . "
In the event , they were both left rather underwhelmed by their pageant experience .
Bonnie , who had never been to one before , was shocked to find other mothers " pulling and pushing their kids ' hair " and plastering make - up on to their faces .
" It was an eye - opener , " says Bonnie .
" We did n't think she needed make - up . "
Telka , meanwhile , acknowledges that " it was nice to dress up , but I did n't like the way really young children were putting on make - up .
When you 're a child , you 're supposed to enjoy your childhood and have fun .
" I tried it but I do n't think it 's really for me , " she continues .
" I prefer acting because you have to think about acting .
It is more of a challenge and I like a challenge .
I dream about being famous , but I want to be famous for a reason .
I want people to know my name for something I do . "
But there are also girls who genuinely find that the pageant scene , far from making them anxious about how they look , actually boosts their confidence and their self - image .
Eleven - year - old Chloe Lindsay from Belfast was bullied for years at primary school for being overweight .
" I got called ' fat Barbie ' and I had a lot of problems with my weight .
I was thinking badly about myself .
I had days where I might not eat or come out of my room , I 'd just sit in my pyjamas and not want to do anything . "
With her self - esteem at rock bottom , Chloe started attending a local dance school where a couple of her friends were already having lessons .
Soon , she was entering " freestyle dance " competitions which take place almost every weekend in town halls across the UK .
Contestants are required to dress up in flamboyant feathered and bejewelled costumes reminiscent of the Rio carnival .
For competitions , Chloe wears heavy make - up , false eyelashes and has an all - over spray - tan .
" I like the dressing up because it makes me feel more confident in myself , " she says .
" I look at myself and go , ' Wow ! '
Just to know I 'm going out there and looking brilliant , it makes you feel so pretty and gives you a lot of confidence . "
Her mother , Helen , 32 , admits she was worried at first that Chloe was dressing inappropriately for her age .
" When she was younger , the make - up was an issue , but she was only doing it for the competitions .
Over the past year or so , it 's creeping into her everyday life , but I would only allow her a wee bit of mascara and gloss to go to school .
The way I look at it , if it gives her a little confidence , it 's worth it and now she 's going to secondary school I do n't want her to stand out for not wearing make - up as everyone else is .
I only take it so far .
She tortures me about dying her hair and that 's an absolute no .
She 's too young . "
And yet , however much entering pageants can prove to be a positive thing for sensibly minded and ambitious young girls with firm adult guidance , there are some who question whether children can ever truly be said to form their own decisions , independently from their parents .
Frank Furedi , professor of sociology at the University of Kent and author of several books including Paranoid Parenting , says that modern parents are encouraged to make a heightened emotional investment in their children and to view them as extensions of themselves .
" Parents tend to adopt an extremely narcissistic view so every time a child shows the slightest interest in anything they seize on it .
If little Johnny picks up a violin , he 's going to be a composer .
If little Mary is a gymnast , she 's going to win gold at the Olympics .
With the powerful impulse towards celebrity culture , the parental impulse becomes unrestrained .
" No child is entirely autonomous .
If a child says ' This is what I want to do , ' it 's generally not 100 miles away from what the parent wants .
It 's relational decision - making rather than a strong - willed child making decisions totally on their own .
These pageants are not for children to entertain other children .
What one sees here is adult fantasies fuelling this thing .
It 's for adults .
It 's a couple of steps up from Crufts . "
Still , it is hard not to dismiss the sneaking suspicion that at least part of the opposition to pageants in this country stems from a class divide – the idea that there is something a bit tacky , a bit infra dig about parading one 's children on the stage rather than doing the comfortably middle - class thing of taking one 's little darlings to piano lessons or entering them for chess tournaments .
Last year , a study into child beauty pageants in the US for the Harvard University Gazette questioned 41 mothers who participated in an average of five pageants a year .
The researcher , Hilary Levey , concluded that mothers of lower income and poorer education entered their children into the contests because they wanted them to learn the proper skills necessary to move up the social scale .
One mother was quoted as saying : " I want my child to be aware that there 's going to be somebody better than her .
It 's a hard thing to learn – it was for me – and I want her to start early . "
Another mother saved any prize winnings in a college fund for her daughter .
" I think there is a class issue , " says Furedi .
" In America it 's seen as a white trailer - trash kind of thing and there 's real contempt for that .
But if you come from a middle - class background and shove your child into music lessons , that 's OK .
Parental aspiration acquires different forms , but it 's a very similar kind of impulse . "
And given that we live in a world that increasingly values physical appearance , is there anything so very wrong in teaching one 's children how to make the best of themselves , how to get ahead in life ?
Only this year , Catherine Hakim , a senior research fellow in sociology at the London School of Economics , wrote a paper for the European Sociological Review that stated " erotic capital " was the key professional attribute of our times .
" Erotic capital goes beyond beauty to include sex appeal , charm and social skills , physical fitness and liveliness , sexual competence and skills in self - presentation , such as face - painting , hairstyles , clothing and all the other arts of self - adornment , " wrote Hakim , before suggesting that those possessing this elusive quality could expect to earn 10 - 15 % more than those without it .
One mother interviewed for the BBC documentary puts it more succinctly when talking about her six - year - old daughter competing in a pageant : " All the while I was pregnant I was [ thinking ]
' Oh please let her be lovely , please let her be lovely , ' because it does open more doors .
I do n't care what anyone says and I 'm not saying I think this is right , but there are surveys that actually state that prettier people will get more doors opened for them . "
It might be depressing to think that our children are growing up in a world that places an ever greater value on appearance rather than substance , but if it is the case , then child beauty pageants are , perhaps , a natural extension of the trend .
Back in Hampshire , Amber is putting away her collection of stones with great care .
Each one has its own specific compartment in the pink rucksack so that she knows exactly where to find it .
She hands me a tiny , smooth , toffee - brown pebble .
" This one 's my favourite , " she says , turning it over in her hands .
Why , I ask ?
Amber looks at me and then looks at the stone in the palm of her hand .
" Because it 's pretty , " she says , and it seems like the most obvious answer in the world .
Baby Beauty Queens begins on BBC Three on 20 July
If you 're looking for post - apocalyptic warfare between vampires and super - strong priest in a dark world of walled cities and space trains , then we present to you Priest , the latest supernatural action spectacular from the director and star of Legion .
Advertisement
The movie is an adaptation of the Korean comic series by Hyung Min-woo .
It 's set in a dystopian future , the end result of centuries of war between humans and feral vampires .
Humans retreated into walled cities and were on the verge of extinction before the creation of the Priests , superpowered warriors who could match the strength and speed of the vampires .
The movie picks up after the Priests won the war for humanity and , in doing so , left themselves with no clear purpose in the world .
That all changes when former priest Ivan Isaacs ( Paul Bettany ) defies church law to hunt down a band of vampire outlaws under the command of a fallen priest known as the Black Hat ( Karl Urban ) .
To do so , he teams up with a priestess ( Maggie Q ) and a sheriff ( Cam Gigandet ) in the post - apocalyptic wasteland whose girlfriend was kidnapped by the vampires .
Advertisement
The film is directed by Scott Stewart , who previously made the similarly post - apocalyptic , supernatural action horror Legion .
Although it 's vampires this time instead of angels , the movie has a similar feel : desolate desert vistas , huge action set pieces , and tons of gore .
The movie was originally shot in 2D , but Stewart is overseeing a six - month conversion process to 3D that he says wo n't look anything like some of the rushed conversion jobs we 've seen before .
What we saw of the footage looked pretty good , and honestly we were surprised to hear it was n't originally shot in 3D .
One of the most exciting parts of the new movie is its prologue , a traditionally animated sequence done by Samurai Jack and Clone Wars creator Genndy Tartakovsky .
The opening sequence tells the entire alternate history of the human - vampire war through time , from the Crusades until right before the movie begins .
The animation is easily the most violent work Tartakovsky has ever been able do , and Scott Stewart said he always conceived it as an opportunity to give him a canvas on which to work where he would n't have any restrictions on what he can do .
Coolest of all , Stewart explained that they would be converting this prologue to 3D along with the rest of the movie .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
An unemployed 32 - year - old black Army veteran with no campaign funds , no signs , and no website shocked South Carolina on Tuesday night by winning the Democratic Senate primary to oppose Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) .
Alvin Greene , who currently lives in his family ’s home , defeated Vic Rawl , a former judge and state legislator who had a $ 186,000 campaign warchest and had already planned his next fundraising event .
Despite the odds , Greene , who has been unemployed for the past nine months , said that he was n’t surprised by his victory .
“ I was n’t surprised , but not really .
I mean , just a little , but not much .
I knew I was on top of my campaign , and just stayed on top of everything , I just — I was n’t surprised that much , just a little .
I knew that I worked hard and did , ” Greene said in an interview .
Greene insists that he paid the $ 10,400 filing fee and all other campaign expenses from his own personal funds .
“ It was 100 percent out of my pocket .
I ’m self - managed .
It ’s hard work , and just getting my message to supporters .
I funded my campaign 100 percent out of my pocket and self - managed , ” said Greene , who sounded anxious and unprepared to speak to the public .
But despite his lack of election funds , Greene claims to have criss - crossed the state during his campaign — though he declined to specify any of the towns or places he visited or say how much money he spent while on the road .
“ It was n’t much , I mean , just , it was — it was n’t much .
Not much , I mean , it was n’t much , ” he said , when asked how much of his own money he spent in the primary .
Greene frequently spoke in rapid - fire , fragmentary sentences , repeating certain phrases or interrupting himself multiple times during the same sentence while he searched for the right words .
But he was emphatic about certain aspects of his candidacy , insisting that details about his campaign organization , for instance , were n’t relevant .
“ I ’m not concentrating on how I was elected — it ’s history .
I ’m the Democratic nominee — we need to get talking about America back to work , what ’s going on , in America . ”
The oddity of Greene ’s candidacy has already prompted speculation from local media about whether he might be a Republican plant .
But Greene denies that Republicans or anyone else had approached him about running .
“ No , no — no one approached me .
This is my decision , ” he said .
A 13 - year military veteran , he says he had originally gotten the idea in 2008 when he was serving in Korea .
“ I just saw the country was in bad shape two years ago … the country was declining , ” he says .
“ I wanted to make sure we continue to go up on the right track . ”
But when asked whether there was a specific person or circumstance that precipitated his decision to jump into politics , Greene simply replied : “ nothing in particular …it ’s just , uh , nothing in particular . ”
South Carolina Democratic Party Chairwoman Carol Fowler speculated that Greene won because his name appeared first on the ballot , and voters unfamiliar with both candidates chose alphabetically .
Greene has yet to speak to any Democratic officials , either .
After filing to run , his campaign went dark .
According to this report , he did n’t show up to the South Carolina Democratic Party convention in April and did n’t file any of the required paperwork for candidates with the state or Federal Election Commission .
When I spoke to him , the state ’s Democrats had yet to contact him after his victory was announced .
Greene insists that he ’s planning to work with state and national officials to ramp up his campaign and raise money “ as soon as I can . ”
And he plans on putting his unemployment at the center of his campaign .
“ I ’m currently one of the many unemployed in the state and this country .
South Carolina has more unemployed now than at any other time , ” Greene says .
“ My campaign slogan : Let ’s get South Carolina back to work . ”
He adds that he would like to see “ one Korea under a democracy . ”
Sen . DeMint , a Tea Party darling and leader of the GOP ’s far - right flank , was n’t expecting a competitive challenge this election cycle .
But conservative activists are already thrilled to see the Democrats ’ hand - picked candidate go down in flames .
“ Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha , ” tweeted Tea Party activist and Redstate blogger Erick Erickson after finding out about Greene ’s victory .
Greene offered no volleys against DeMint , and he seemed to have more questions than attack lines when it came to the Tea Party .
“ What ’s the Tea Party ’s position on wars in the Middle East ?
… I want to know the Tea Party ’s position on the wars in the Middle East ? ” he asked .
But Greene says that he ’s excited about the prospect of taking on DeMint in the public arena : “ I ’m looking forward to the debate this September . ”
DeMint and his supporters are no doubt looking forward to it too .
Update : Via the AP , Greene is facing a felony charge for allegedly showing obscene photos to a University of South Carolina student .
The mother of Greene ’s accuser has launched a crusade against him , vowing to become the candidate ’s “ worst nightmare . ”
Update : Greene was also kicked out of the Army and the Air Force .
And the increasingly bizarre circumstances surrounding his campaign have prompted some Democrats to accuse him of being a plant — and others to question his mental health .
Das Bundeskanzleramt machte die Sache eilig .
Ohne Diskussion im Bundestag sollte der Bundesrat noch schnell vor der Fußballweltmeisterschaft eine Rechtsverordnung abnicken , welche die heute schon umfangreichen Karteien des Bundeskriminalamtes auf ein rechtliches Fundament stellt .
Dabei weiß die Regierung schon seit anderthalb Jahren , dass etwa die polizeiliche Datei „ Gewalttäter Sport “ rechtswidrig ist .
Verwaltungsgerichte hatten klargemacht , dass die Datensammlung ohne entsprechendes Gesetz oder Verordnung keine wirksame Rechtsgrundlage hat .
In der „ Hooligan “ - Datei waren zuletzt etwa 11.000 Personen gespeichert .
Darunter auch viele , deren Namen am Rande von Sportereignissen von der Polizei erfasst wurden – obwohl sie selbst nichts gemacht hatten .
Teilweise wurden auch gleich Zeugen von Vorfällen mit in die Datei eingetragen .
Mit teilweise katastrophalen Folgen für die Betroffenen .
Unter anderem wurden auf Grundlage der Hooligan - Datei sogar Ausreiseverbote verhängt .
Die gerichtlichen Schlappen handelten sich die Polizeibehörden auch meist auf Klagen von Personen ein , die ohne vernünftigen Grund in der Gewalttäter - Kartei gelandet waren .
Der Bundesrat winkte die Verordnung durch – zu groß dürfte die Sorge gewesen sein , das Public Viewing könne zum Bürgerkrieg mutieren .
Ob den Verantwortlichen aber wirklich klar war , was sie verabschiedet haben ?
Ich bezweifle es .
Es geht nämlich keineswegs nur darum , die bereits bekannten Dateien ( Gewalttäter Sport , Gewalttäter links und rechts , Anti-Terror - Datei ) zu legalisieren .
Vielmehr ist die die Regelung ( PDF ) ein Blankoscheck für die Einrichtung von Dateien zu praktisch jeder Thematik .
Es gibt künftig eine Schublade für jeden von uns .
Dafür sorgt schon das absolut unzumutbare Verschleierungsdeutsch , in dem die Verordnung formuliert ist .
Während die Bundesregierung andernorts verständliche Gesetze propagiert , hat man bei diesem Thema begnadete Nebelkerzenwerfer schreiben lassen .
An solchen herrscht in den einschlägigen Abteilungen des Bundeskriminalamtes allerdings bekanntermaßen auch kein Mangel .
Hinzu kommen die – gewohnt – schwammigen Definitionen , so als hätte das Bundesverfassungsgericht noch nie ein Wort darüber verloren , dass Rechtsnormen bestimmt sein müssen .
Zulässig , um zum Kern der Sache zu kommen , sind etwa Dateien ,
die der Sammlung und Auswertung von Informationen zu Straftaten mit länderübergreifender , internationaler oder erheblicher Bedeutung dienen und die vor allem das Erkennen von Zusammenhängen zwischen Taten untereinander und zu Tätern sowie von Täterorganisationen ermöglichen ( delikts - und phänomenbezogene Dateien ) .
Es reicht nach dem Wortlaut also schon aus , wenn eventuelle Straftaten sowohl in Düsseldorf als auch in Hamburg begangen werden und irgendein Zusammenhang besteht ( zum Beispiel , weil Verdächtige miteinander telefonieren , mailen oder gar eine Ländergrenze überqueren ) .
Bemerkenswert ist auch , dass die Straftaten nicht länderübergreifend und von erheblicher Bedeutung sein müssen .
Nein , in der Verordnung steht ein „ oder “ .
Mit anderen Worten :
Es sind auch Dateien für Bagatellen , leichte und mittlere Kriminalität denkbar – „ politische “ Delikte selbstverständlich eingeschlossen .
In diese Dateien fließen nicht nur die Daten einschlägig verurteilter Straftäter ein .
Nein , es genügt , wenn die Polizeibehörden der Meinung sind , dass eine Person künftig Straftaten begehen könnte .
Das BKA - Gesetz selbst fordert zwar , dass Tatsachen diese Annahme rechtfertigen .
Was aber teilweise als Tatsache ausreichen soll , haben die zahlreichen Fehleinträge in die Hooligan - Datei schon gezeigt .
Zur künftig fast unbegrenzten Themenvielfalt bei den Dateien gesellt sich ein beachtlicher Datenhunger .
Beispiel : In einer Gewalttäterdatei zur Verhinderung von Straftaten bei „ öffentlichen Veranstaltungen “ , um einen weiteren vagen Begriff zu zitieren , können vom Betroffenen folgende Daten gespeichert werden :
Familienname
Vornamen
Geburtsnamen
sonstige Namen wie Spitznamen
andere Namensschreibweisen
andere Personalien wie Alias - Personalien
Familienstand
akademischer Grad
erlernter Beruf
ausgeübte Tätigkeit
Schulabschluss
Geschlecht
Geburtsdatum
Geburtsort einschließlich Kreis
Geburtsstaat
Geburtsregion
Volkszugehörigkeit
aktuelle Staatsangehörigkeit und frühere Staatsangehörigkeiten
gegenwärtiger Aufenthaltsort und frühere Aufenthaltsorte
Wohnanschrift
Sterbedatum
Lichtbilder
Personenbeschreibungen wie
a ) Gestalt
b) Größe unter Angabe der Art ihrer Feststellung
c ) Gewicht
d ) scheinbares Alter
e ) äußere Erscheinung
f ) Schuhgröße
besondere körperliche Merkmale
verwendete Sprachen
Stimm - und Sprachmerkmale wie eine Mundart
verfasste Texte
Handschriften
Angaben zu Identitätsdokumenten wie Personalausweis , Reisepass und andere die Identitätsfeststellung fördernde Urkunden ( Geburts - , Heirats - oder Sterbeurkunde )
Blutgruppe
Zahnschemata
Bekleidung
DNA-Identifizierungsmuster
Aufenthaltsstatus und Aufenthaltsanlass
Beziehungen zu Personen , Gruppenzugehörigkeit
personengebundene Hinweise wie „ Freitodgefahr “ , „ bewaffnet “ , „ gewalttätig “ , „ Explosivstoffgefahr “
Bestehenden Auflagen oder Verboten wie Hausverbot , Kontaktverbot , Meldeauflage , Betretens - und Aufenthaltsverbot , Ausreiseuntersagung , Pass - und Personalausweisbeschränkung
Bei „ delikts - und phänomenbezogenen Dateien “ , bei denen es auch keinerlei thematische Begrenzung gibt , ist die Datengier sogar noch ausgeprägter .
Hinzu kommen dann beispielsweise alle Kontakdaten , das heißt alles von der Telefonnummer über die E - Mail - Adresse bis zur IP - Adresse des Internetanschlusses .
Außerdem Konten , Karten , Vermögen und Finanztransaktionen .
Autokennzeichen , Vielfliegernummer .
Angaben zu „ Publikationen , die Gegenstand der Straftat waren “ sowie „ Beziehungen zu Institutionen , Örtlichkeiten , Ereignissen und Sachen “ .
Attribute wie „ Gefährder “ oder „ relevante Person “ .
Der Name der Haustiere fehlt zu meiner Überraschung .
Das Bundeskriminalamt führt die bestehenden und die kommenden Dateien als „ Zentralstelle “ für die Polizeibehörden der Länder .
Dies bedeutet : Jeder Polizeibeamte kann künftig die Daten abrufen und auswerten .
Wer es , auch ohne einer Straftat überführt zu sein , in eine der Dateien geschafft hat , wird schon dem Verkehrspolizisten bei einer Kontrolle absolut nichts mehr zu erzählen haben .
Der Beamte weiß nach einem Blick in den Computer ohnehin mehr als der Betroffene selbst .
An armed man suspected of a nightlong crime spree was shot and killed by law enforcement officers in San Ramon early Thursday after he stormed into a convenience store , spent more than an hour inside drinking alcohol , then pointed his gun at police after taking one last swig of beer , authorities said .
Joseph John Baumgardner , 24 , who lived in San Ramon and San Jose , was shot by numerous Contra Costa County law enforcement officers outside the 7 - Eleven store at 2500 San Ramon Valley Blvd . at about 3:30 a.m. , said San Ramon Police Chief Scott Holder .
Baumgardner was shot after a night in which he allegedly stole a car at a San Jose hotel , broke into a Dublin knife and gun store and then used a gun he stole from the business to confront police at the 7 - Eleven , Holder said .
The string of crimes began at 10:30 p.m. Wednesday when Baumgardner allegedly stole a Volvo from a guest unloading his luggage at the Fairmont Hotel on South Market Street in San Jose , Holder said .
He then drove the Volvo to a knife and gun store on Dublin Boulevard in Dublin , rammed the car into the business just before midnight and stole a gun and ammunition , Holder said .
At 2:10 a.m. , a San Ramon police officer on patrol spotted Baumgardner acting suspiciously inside the 7 - Eleven store , where the Volvo was parked out front , police said .
The officer learned that the car had been stolen and also received a report that a robbery was in progress , Holder said .
Police from San Ramon , Danville and Lafayette and sheriff 's deputies converged on the store near Crow Canyon Road and Interstate 680 .
Over the next hour , police tried to talk Baumgardner out of the store , without success .
Baumgardner demanded marijuana from police , Holder said .
When he was n't on the phone to officers , he was drinking the store 's alcohol , authorities and witnesses said .
" It looked like he was pacing up and down the aisles .
It looked like he was shopping , " said James Sanos , 22 , of San Ramon , who came upon the scene with his friend Ryan Frantz , 22 , as the two were heading to a nearby McDonald's .
At 3:24 a.m. , Baumgardner walked outside with a can of beer in his left hand and his gun in his right , the witnesses said .
" The police just told him , ' Put the gun down , we just want to help you , you do n't want to do this , ' pretty much trying to talk him down , and he did n't seem like he was listening , " Frantz said .
Baumgardner then took one last swallow from the can , Frantz said .
" He tilted it all the way back , " he said .
" There was nothing left .
It was like a scene out of a movie , like he was going to make a final stand . "
Baumgardner threw his can to the ground and aimed his gun at the officers , who opened fire , Sanos said .
Baumgardner was pronounced dead at the scene .
His gun was recovered .
Holder said he did n't know if the weapon was loaded .
The officers and deputies who fired their weapons were n't immediately identified .
They were placed on paid administrative leave pending investigations by police and the district attorney 's office , a standard procedure after officer - involved shootings .
Node is a combination of Google ’s V8 JavaScript implementation , and various plumbing and libraries .
The result is an unusual and clever server programming platform .
Node is in a fairly early development phase , and already has a remarkably active community : ~9000 mailing list messages ( as of June 2010 ) and many dozens of projects and libraries .
I ’ve spent some time digging through Node code and writing small bits of it , and was pleased with what I found .
Why is Node worthy of attention ?
JavaScript is a Next Big Language , it is everywhere .
It is probably the most widely used programming language ever .
I know a few things about asyncronous server programming , having done a lot of it in 1990s IVR software ; it is very well suited to serving a large user population .
Node is accumulating libraries at an impressive rate , indicating momentum .
There are significant advantages in developing a whole application stack ( server and client code ) in a single language .
For example , this makes code and business logic sharing works across tiers .
Using Node , a JavaScript - HTML tool , a JavaScript - CSS tool , JSON , etc. , it is possible to develop a complex web application using only JavaScript .
Node is not all unicorns and roses though . ; my most serious misgiving about it is that it does not ( yet ) have a great strategy to make straightforward use of many - core servers .
We ’ll have to see how that develops over time .
Node Knockout
The team at Fortnight Labs is putting together Node Knockout , a 48 - hour Node programming contest .
I am a fan of such contests .
I ’ve offered to help out by being a judge , and I ’ve also signed up Oasis Digital as a sponsor .
As a judge , I ca n’t be on a team ; I ’ve like to see a team or two form here in St. Louis , though .
16h
The Best Gaming PC Deals : New RTX 3080 PCs at Newegg
Organized , calm , and clean .
According to Apartment Therapy founder Maxwell Gillingham - Ryan , these are the characteristic traits of a happy household and a productive workspace .
And he would know : Maxwell is regularly invited into the apartments of strangers to assess their most intimate trappings – their stuff .
But it turns out that our houses and apartments are far more than just a container for our things .
Rather , our approach to home has everything to do with our approach to life .
Quitting his Upper East Side teaching gig in 2001 , Maxwell began the business with not much more than the humble mission of “ helping people fix up their homes . ”
Starting off , he did everything from waxing floors on his hands and knees to forcing clients to face their dreams and goals through the lens of interior design .
Ten years later , as our workspaces and home life become increasingly blurred , the Apartment Therapy blog has become an essential resource for design - savvy urban dwellers and a fixture on “ best of ” design blog rolls .
It has also spawned numerous offshoots : the AT mini-media empire is now home to 5 blogs ( Home , Technology , Children , Green , Cooking ) , covers content in 6 cities , has published 2 books , and has a team of 16 staffers .
We spoke with Maxwell at Apartment Therapy ’s Soho office , which was just as beautiful and homey as we hoped it would be .
Often described as being “ one part interior designer , one part life coach , ” Maxwell spoke about editing our lives , designing workspaces , and shedding old selves .
What appealed to you about starting your own business ?
I was coming from seven years of teaching , and feeling very stifled by the faculty politics .
I found myself in my off - hours reading the business section .
In those days , people talked about business being the engine of change – business being honest , fast , and flexible , whereas politics was slow and corrupt .
I wanted to be in the stream of people who were moving fast and flexible and creatively .
I was reading a book called “ Growing a Business ” by Paul Hawken - who started Smith & Hawken – about starting a small business .
Everyday , he opened up his store , and he swept the sidewalk , and he rolled down the shade .
That metaphor for living really spoke to me – the small business approach to life .
And then 9/11 happened , and added to this desire to be starting a small business , was this realization that New York was n’t such a bad place .
And I thought , if I could be the guy who goes around town bearing good will , and just connects all the dots , I ’d be doing something really cool .
It was really that simple .
What did these initial home - visits consist of ?
I did house calls , it was what I called apartment therapy .
I went in and gave people a prescription , a two hour meeting , that came with a plan and an estimate .
We would book appointments , and we ’d work through the plan .
In between times , they ’d be working through it .
In Apartment Therapy ’s mission statement , you say that “ a calm , beautiful home is linked to happiness . ”
What first opened your eyes to that ?
When I was a teacher , we had to visit the children at home .
What I found from going in and out of the children ’s homes , was that the kids who did well in class , I could tell you what their homes were going to look like .
It was n’t that they were rich homes , or poor homes , but they would have organized , calm , clean homes .
I thought a lot about how I struggled in school , and how my parents were divorced – my father left home – and I would come home and be alone .
There ’s a sense of emptiness and things being not quite right .
I ’m certain that that ’s part of what made it hard for me to succeed in school - my mind was n’t really centered .
Many people in the country who work really hard , their home turns into a little dumping ground , and they ’re always running late or losing things , they do n’t invite friends over .
If your home is feeling like that , what you want from your life and relationships is going to suffer , because your foundation is not strong .
The home is the only space we have that is our own , that we can control .
It ’s very important for people in this day and age to have that sense of control in their life , and if it ’s going to be anywhere , it ’s going to be in the home .
What makes a productive work space ?
How should people be constructing it ?
Your starting position should be to have a clean desk every day , and at end of the week , do a deep clean .
If you start to let it pile up , especially in the workspace , it will bury you .
We spend way too much time in our workspaces .
For me , to be creative and feel excited about work , I need to have a clean slate .
So , everyday , I straighten up before I leave , just a little bit , and then once a week , I throw stuff away .
To be creative and feel excited about work , I need to have a clean slate .
Same goes if you work from home ?
Absolutely , it ’s even more important there .
At home , you always have one space that ’s going to hold your paper work and all of your things so that at the end of the day , you can shut the door on it , put it aside , and give yourself some separation .
I do n’t think there ’s anyone who works their best when they do n’t get a break from work .
I do n’t believe in living in your work 24 hours .
You do n’t want your home to fill up so that you feel like it ’s a weight .
You want it to be a place you come home to to feel free .
Everyone has a busy day .
I do n’t know anyone who does n’t .
What about when you ’re swamped or have a huge project , and you fall out of those basic routines .
That ’s okay , you have to be flexible .
It ’s much better to work really hard for a short time than to work so - so hard for a long time .
If you ’re going to push , stay up late , go to work early , skip exercise , get there an hour early .
What can we do to start editing our lives and homes ?
Envision , what do you really want your home to look like , what do you want to do here ?
And what do you not like about your home ?
And then once you ’ve done that , once you ’ve let yourself be free enough to do that , you find a guidepost , a place you want to sail to , and you find very quickly that in order to get there , you ’re going to have to throw some stuff off the ship .
De-cluttering is always a byproduct of getting people where they want to go .
Some people start doing it because there ’s a lot of pain .
They could have real pain , like allergies from the house being messy .
I ’m not interested in that .
What I ’m interested in is the people who want to go up .
They ’re aspirational , they want something .
How do I get there ?
There ’s some elbow grease , some letting - it - go .
To get something new you ’re going to have to let go , because it ’s an old self that you ’re moving out of to get to a new self .
And some money .
But what we found over time is that money ’s usually not crucial .
It ’s letting go .
De-cluttering is always a byproduct of getting people where they want to go .
Either if it ’s just decorating , or if it ’s actually your life , you ca n’t become something new without shedding old skin .
So your home is really just another layer of skin , and it ’s going to have to shed , if you want to make it the thing you want it to be .
Shh !
Hollywood is having a teaching moment — this time in the bedroom , where , if you ’re straight , chances are you ’ve been doing it wrong .
In the first frames of the new flick “ The Kids Are All Right , ” two boys snort coke .
Next , a dad tackles his teenage son so ferociously , the child ca n’t breathe .
That boy soon tries to relieve himself on a dog .
Gross .
And a man with exceptional appetites proves that Cialis , not to mention heterosexual relations , is for losers .
That is how the most self - righteously moralistic movie to hit the big screen since “ Forrest Gump ” preaches an undeniable Hollywood truth : Men , and boys who will be men , are not just bad .
They ’re corrupt , amoral horndogs .
And women , especially neurotic , lesbian mommies who drive Volvos , watch gay male porn ( go figure ! ) and get plastered before lunch , are perfect .
These are the life choices presented in Lisa Cholodenko ’s “ The Kids , ” sort of a cross between “ Leave it to Beaver ” and “ Kittens With Whips . ”
Choose your lifestyle wisely , moviegoers .
For this film is set to go down in history as the first major motion picture to make a family led by gay women — A - lister Annette Bening , as the control - freak doctor Nic , “ wed ” to A - lister Julianne Moore , as the weepy , infantilized Jules — seem not just normal , but close to godly .
It reaches further than the gay - cowboy romp “ Brokeback Mountain , ” whose characters maintained a sense of otherness while shielding the kids from their shenanigans .
In this movie , exposing kids is the entire point .
And this is how Hollywood does an end run around morality .
“ Hollywood has set the stage for the gay agenda , nothing new , ” said Laura Bailey , Brooklyn mom of two boys .
“ Why do you think they did propaganda films in the 1940s ?
They ’re setting the new norm . ”
“ The movie industry is doing its best to undermine the American family , ” said Patricia Whitehead , Connecticut mom of two girls .
“ Hollywood — we do n’t care about the sick lives you lead behind closed doors .
Just do n’t bring children into it . ”
This brazen attempt at trend - setting comes as national polls show Americans oppose gay marriage , half of us strongly .
Support for it was at 47 percent in this year ’s Washington Post / ABC News poll — but fully two - thirds favored civil unions , in which gay couples enjoy most rights of marrieds without having to stand under the chuppah .
It does n’t take a genius to glean the truth : Folks are happy with gays living together .
But bringing children into the equation is a deal - breaker .
That did n’t stop the fictional characters in “ The Kids . ”
They produced seemingly normal Joni , 18 , named for Joni Mitchell , and Laser , 15 , evidently named by the wolves who raised him .
The movie concerns the kids ’ hunt for their “ sperm donor ” — a term used in place of “ biological father ” to diminish guys .
The donor , Paul , is played by a scruffy and delectable Mark Ruffalo .
Inevitably , the kids , who have almost no friends and no discernible religion , find they do n’t need Dad either .
They ’re tragically disappointed when Paul conducts a villainous affair with the neglected Jules .
Oddly , straight sex brings the only hot and natural relief to this movie ’s stifling awkwardness .
But , for reasons never explained , Jules dumps Paul and animalistic sex , and resumes being emotionally abused by Nic .
The movie was released Friday in Manhattan and Los Angeles to stellar reviews .
A.O. Scott of The New York Times made “ The Kids ” sound like a cross between “ It ’s a Wonderful Life ” and “ Looking for Mr. Goodbar , ” raving about the “ close to perfect ” performances .
Only NewsBlaze ’s Prairie Miller wrote that a gifted cast “ salvages this story from a couple of contrived plot points demonizing heterosexuality in an otherwise problem - free world . ”
I went to see it in Chelsea , where the crowd was generally smitten .
But therapist Karen Kopitz saw through the gay proselytizing .
“ I ’m not anti-gay , ” she said .
“ But I do n’t think you can compensate for the male - female role model . ”
That does n’t mean Hollywood ca n’t try .
Swiss - cheese justice
Add Switzerland to the list of places where judges can’t bear punishing demented celebs .
Pedophile director Roman Polanski , who escaped La La Land justice for decades after admitting he drugged and had sex with a 13 - year - old child back in 1977 , wo n’t be extradited to LA , a Swiss court has ruled .
As a bonus , he ’s also released from the indignity of house arrest in a plush Gstaad chalet , and is free to go home to equally celeb - loving and child - unfriendly France .
Mel beats out Alec for Oscar in obnoxious
Mel Gibson has overtaken Alec Baldwin in the race for the title of World ’s Scariest Human .
Alec , you remember , was recorded calling his then - 11 - year - old daughter , Ireland , a “ thoughtless little pig ” and threatening to fly from New York to Los Angeles to “ straighten you out . ”
Mel called his maid a “ wetback , ” told his baby mama that she ’d be raped by “ a pack of n – – – – – s , ” and threatened to burn down her house .
Alec blamed ex-wife Kim Basinger for driving him to slobbering insanity .
Mel blamed ex-girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva for pretty much everything .
Alec wrote a self - pitying book .
Mel made “ The Passion of the Christ ” — either his masterpiece , or an anti-Semitic snuff film with homoerotic overtones .
Hollywood gave Alec a pass .
Can Mel be far behind ?
That ’s $ ome goodbye kiss
As a parting gift before the crew of Gov. Paterson flees from Albany , the administration has wrapped up a fat , $ 297 million , no - bid federal health - care contract , and awarded the generous prize to a firm whose parent company employs the gov ’s wife , Michelle .
Nice .
The best thing I ever got for my birthday was a card and a portable GPS unit .
He ’s virgin on greatness
Herb the Virgin is fully loaded .
Herb Shaw was my favorite squeezable geek , a guy who maintained his purity at an age most men are out trolling for babes and beer .
I met Herb at a casting call in Midtown for male virgins , and he fit the bill — he lived in his parents ’
Yonkers attic past age 24 , obsessively playing computer games and dressing in the latest Kmart designs .
Well , Herb got married .
Yay !
We can only hope he celebrated his new status with a new sports jacket .
Reached by phone , Herb , 26 , had little to say about his upgraded state , except that he ’s happy and has kept off his baby weight .
I propose a toast to a guy who deserves the best of everything .
Repeatedly .
1 – Lightly padded back panel provides overall structure and protection from awkward cargo .
Pack rides closely and load does not sag .
2 – Shoulder straps attach into side seam , curving straps around body for comfort .
3 – Twin outer bellows pockets are easy to access and are nicely sized for smaller personal items .
4 – Single Horween Chromexcel leather strap is light , durable , and convenient .
5 – Dimension is taller and narrower .
Loads carry best in this configuration .
6 – Drawstring around top opening keeps load secure and further prevents bag flopping .
7 – Two inch wide webbing shoulder straps are perfectly comfortable for loads up to 25 or 30 pounds .
8 – Convenient locker loop .
9 – Double - layered bottom ensures a long life .
10 – Fully finished inside and out .
Seams fully bound in our own waxed canvas bias tape .
Stress points are bar - tacked or riveted .
Snaps and rivets are reinforced with leather washers .
Those folks over at Archival Clothing are KILLING IT .
Their method is basically : figure out all the different stuff you can do right , then do all that stuff right .
This rucksack is the bee ’s knees .
A blog for former and current employees of the Toronto Sun and siblings to reflect on 40 - plus years of life in a word factory , for better and for worse , for richer and for poorer .
Jump to content
Q From Myfanwy Oldershaw , Australia :
Why do people in North America tend to use the word envision when there is the perfectly acceptable word envisage ?
Is this merely cultural snobbery , or does the usage run deeper ?
Is this another case of divergent linguistic evolution ?
Should it annoy me so much ?
A Do n’t let it get to you .
Actually , both envisage and envision have had their critics .
The older of the two is envisage , which came into English from French near the beginning of the nineteenth century .
It was roundly condemned by some grammarians , such as Henry Fowler , who called it “ an undesirable Gallicism ” .
He pointed out that there several suitable alternatives available , such as recognise , contemplate , realise , view , face , confront , and regard and that it was unnecessary to add to their number .
His reviser in 1965 , Sir Ernest Gowers , felt the same way , calling it “ a pretentious substitute ” .
Neither would have begun to agree with you that envisage was acceptable , except that Gowers rather grudgingly allowed that its sense of “ forming a mental picture of something that may exist in the future ” might on rare occasions prove useful .
However , attitudes have shifted in the past forty years , and envisage is now considered to be entirely acceptable in any company .
Envision arrived much later , about 1920 ( too recently for Henry Fowler to write about it in Modern English Usage in 1926 ) .
Some writers have suggested that it is the loftier word of the two , more likely to be employed in poetic or elevated writing ( though many Americans would say that of envisage ) .
The usage evidence is that the two words have virtually identical senses .
There ’s a strong tendency for envision to be preferred in North America and envisage in the UK and in British Commonwealth countries , though that is n’t absolute .
What would it actually mean for you if they let the Bush tax cuts expire at the end of this year , and we went back to the old Bill Clinton tax rates adjusted for inflation ?
This is a thought experiment , not a prediction or a recommendation .
The tax cuts , passed in 2001 and 2003 , are front and center now and will be a hot issue going into the elections this fall .
Unless something is done by the end of the year , they 'll expire .
With the economic recovery looking shaky , expiration is particularly controversial .
Most of the attention has understandably focused on highest earners , who are likely to be most affected by whatever happens .
But as the debate has gathered pace I have been wondering what it might mean for everyone else .
After all , according to the IRS just 4 % of Americans earn more than $ 200,000 a year .
How high were taxes back in the 1990s ?
How would those rates seem now ?
The American Institute of CPAs supplied me with the numbers .
I updated the tax brackets to account for inflation .
PHILADELPHIA–Close to 200 members and supporters of the Philadelphia Taxi Workers Alliance braved 100 degree heat and rallied outside the headquarters of the Philadelphia Parking Authority today , July 7 , to protest the continuing detention of four of their members and the harassment and temporary detention of 21 others .
Weeks ago , the Parking Authority mailed notices to 100 drivers to report to headquarters to receive money they were owed for fares collected by credit card transactions .
When they arrived on June 30 , 25 drivers were “ thrown up against the wall , ” searched and detained by ICE immigration agents .
Twenty - one were released that evening after being held for several hours , and four were detained indefinitely .
The Alliance , an ethnically diverse organization , includes citizens and non-citizens among its ranks , including many first generation immigrants .
Taxi Worker Alliance President Ron Blount told the World that the spirited rally was to protest the intrusion of the Philadelphia Parking Authority into the enforcement of immigration law , an area where they have no jurisdiction .
He pointed out if only four of the 6,000 members of the alliance were being detained , then “ there is not a problem , ” in the area of immigration .
The great majority of immigrant drivers are in the country legally , and the Parking Authority was clearly out of bounds , he said .
Dave Bennion , an attorney with the Nationalities Service Center , said the Parking Authority is not even a law enforcement agency , and that its action undermines the ability of law enforcement officers to do their jobs .
According to the Philadelphia Daily News , their reporter was told “ the Parking Authority worked with federal authorities on this operation . ”
This reporter spoke to two drivers who had been released but were wearing ankle bracelets pending a future court date .
Soulieymane and Mamadou , both from Mali said they had been in the United States since 1995 .
Mamadou said , “ You come here , you work , you try to do the right thing , and then you get arrested like this . ”
Steve Chervenka , a second generation American and a Vietnam veteran , is political director of the Taxi Workers Alliance .
He told the crowd that an attack on first generation immigrants was an attack on all the members and that the Alliance was showing the Authority that “ We do have a voice . ”
The rally drew support from a wide range of groups including clergy , labor , community and Jobs with Justice .
Photos : Ben Sears / PW
Image caption
High heels lead to shorter calf muscle fibres , the study found .
UK researchers say they have uncovered why women who often wear high heels can find it painful to wear flat shoes .
Scans of the calf muscles in a group of frequent heel wearers found muscle fibres were , on average , 13 % shorter than in those who avoided high heels .
The Journal of Experimental Biology study also found high heels led to stiffer tendons in the calf .
Some time spent in flatter footwear as well as stretching exercises would help to combat the effect , experts said .
Anecdotally it has long been said that regularly wearing high heels shortens the calf muscle .
Study leader Professor Marco Narici , from Manchester Metropolitan University , said in the 1950s secretaries who wore high heels complained that they struggled to walk flat - footed when they took their shoes off .
But no - one has looked at what is actually happening in the muscle .
From a group of 80 women , the team selected 11 volunteers who had regularly worn 5 cm heels for two years or more and who felt uncomfortable walking flat - footed .
An MRI scan showed that there was no difference in the size of the calf muscles in the heel wearers compared with a group of women who wore flat shoes .
But an ultrasound scan revealed that the muscle fibres were indeed shorter in the women who wore heels .
Stiff calves
When the women were asked to lie on their front on a couch , the researchers noticed that the angle of the heel in the stiletto wearers was greater due to their shortened calf .
In the final part of the study , they found that the high - heel wearers ' tendons were much thicker and stiffer than in those who stuck to flat shoes .
This causes discomfort when walking on flat feet because the tendon cannot stretch sufficiently , Professor Narici said .
Yet he does not think women need to give up their high heels .
The advice we would give is not to wear heels or flat shoes all the time but to wear a variety of heel heights Sammy Margo , Physiotherapist
" Fashion is intended to be uncomfortable and none of the women in the study planned to give up their high heels , " he said .
" We want to give practical advice and I would recommend just doing a few stretching exercises to counteract some of these changes . "
He said one useful tip was for high heel wearers to stand on tip toes on a step , and using a handrail for balance to lower their heels as far as they can before raising them up again .
Sammy Margo , physiotherapist and spokesperson for the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy , said the study backed what they suspected .
" The advice we would give is not to wear heels or flat shoes all the time but to wear a variety of heel heights to get the calf muscles working through the greatest range of movement .
" But I can't say we are seeing a higher incidence of calf problems in women who wear high shoes . "
Administration officials on Monday announced that the 1,200 National Guard troops pledged weeks ago by President Obama will deploy to the southwest border starting on Aug. 1 as part of an effort to bring the region " under control . "
Alan Bersin , commissioner of Customs and Border Protection , said the troops would " support " the work of Department of Homeland Security personnel already operating on the border .
" The Guard has been a tried and tested support to law enforcement ... and I 'm confident they 'll prove it again in this instance , " Bersin said .
He said the deployment will coincide with a boost in surveillance technology in the region .
Obama in May announced the National Guard deployment amid increased concerns about border violence stemming from illegal immigration and drug smuggling .
The announcement also came after Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed a law making illegal immigration a state crime -- a policy the administration is trying to strike down in federal court .
Some border - state lawmakers criticized the National Guard plan as too weak to make a dent in border security challenges and expressed concern that the 1,200 who are deployed would be relegated to desk jobs .
" While the announcement of more resources is welcomed , it does not appear to be enough , or tied to a strategy to comprehensively defeat the increasingly violent drug and alien smuggling cartels that operate in Arizona on a daily basis , " Brewer said in a written statement Monday .
Sen . John McCain , R - Ariz. , who has called for 6,000 National Guard troops , has also claimed 1,200 is not enough .
Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , in May expressed concern that the Guard deployment would not add " boots on the ground . "
But officials on Monday described the deployment as a " bridge " to keep border security strong while 1,000 CBP agents are added over the next year .
National Guard Bureau Chief Gen. Craig McKinley said the Guard at the border would be working on criminal and intelligence analysis , as well as " entry identification " -- a specialty that involves surveillance .
He said the full National Guard force should be stationed in the four U.S. border states by September .
According to the Obama administration , nearly half of the troops will be sent to the volatile Arizona - Mexico border .
A total of 524 will be stationed in Arizona , with 250 in Texas , 224 in California and 72 in New Mexico .
An additional 130 will serve in " command - and - control " and other support positions .
" The border is more resourced and more secure than it 's ever been , but the work continues and the challenge remains , " Bersin said .
OK , maybe " reasonable " is n't the best word to describe the reaction .
The cop called in a fleet of squad cars , fire trucks , ambulances and the bomb squad to investigate .
They eventually concluded that the device shared " some characteristics with improvised explosive devices . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Backfire
So the police shut down the nearby roads and blew the placard up .
They then proceeded to shut down a pair of bridges to take down a second sign and the Coast Guard closed off part of the Charles River .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It was at this point that some presumably Irish Catholic Einstein figured out that this was not actually an act of terror , but a newfangled marketing campaign .
So they arrested the two guys who had put the placards up on the charge of " placing a hoax device with the intent to panic the public , " probably because there 's no law in Boston against making the police look like idiots .
And do you realize how hard it is for a guy with hair like that to not look like the idiot ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Turner Broadcasting , the company that owns the show , had to pay one million dollars each to the Boston Police and the Department of Homeland Security .
Meanwhile the incident made headlines around the world , earning the show and movie probably , oh , 10 times that amount in free publicity .
We hope they learned their lesson .
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article ?
Then sign up for our writers workshop !
Know way too much about a random topic ?
Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow !
For more instances of companies blowing it , check out 5 Corporate Promotions That Ended in ( Predictable ) Disaster and 9 Corporate Attempts At " Edgy " That Failed ( Hilariously ) .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 06.16.10 ) to get your very own Cracked .com bowie knife .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy , sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed .
Did he deserve it or not ?
Should drug dealers be treated like this all over the world ?
Southeastern University had the saddest bookstore you ’ll ever see .
It was more of a walk - in closet , really , a tiny space off the lobby of the university ’s one and only building .
When I walked through the bookstore doorway last May , the shelves were half bare , haphazardly stocked with Kleenex and sundries , introductory business textbooks , and , inexplicably , two brand - new copies of William T. Vollmann ’s sprawling 2005 novel , Europe Central .
I left without buying anything and wandered down a nearby hallway , which was filled with the kind of notices and advertisements ( “ Roommate needed — no smokers or pets ! ” ) found on college walls everywhere .
But on closer inspection , some of the notices seemed strange .
“ Listing of Classes Without an Instructor , ” one said , followed by a lengthy roster of courses like “ Principles of Accounting ” and “ Health Services Information Systems . ”
Oddly , it did n’t suggest that the classes had been canceled due to the lack of someone to teach them .
It was more , “ Hey , FYI . ”
After further wandering , I was drawn back to the closet - cum - bookstore .
There was a small stack of T - shirts in one corner , along with hats , bags , and paperweights , all bearing the university ’s official seal .
“ Chartered by the Congress of the United States , ” the seal proclaimed , in circumnavigational text , along with a bid for age - based gravitas : “ 1879 . ” I bought a paperweight — $ 1.99 , on sale — and dropped it into my bag before walking across the lobby to a kiosk under a sign that said “ Admissions . ”
“ I ’m interested in university course offerings , ” I said to the woman behind the counter .
“ Do you have a catalog ? ”
“ I ’m not allowed to give out that information , ” she replied .
“ But the sign says ‘ Admissions . ’ ”
“ I know .
But we ’re not allowed to give it out .
Everything ’s on hold right now .
Because of the , you know , the situation . ”
There was an aura of gloom in the squat , deteriorating building on the fenced - in corner lot that comprised the beginning and the end of the Southeastern campus in Washington , D.C .
And for good reason : the university was about to be shut down .
Two months earlier , the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools had decided to revoke the school ’s accreditation .
Because only accredited schools can accept federal financial aid , upon which the large majority of Southeastern students depended , the decision amounted to a death sentence for the beleaguered college .
But the fact that this had happened was less surprising than the fact that it had n’t happened sooner .
Southeastern had lived for many years on the most distant margins of higher education , mired in obscurity , mediocrity , cronyism , and intermittent corruption .
Students routinely dropped out and defaulted on their student loans while the small , nonselective school lurched from one financial crisis to another .
Yet during all that time Southeastern enjoyed the goldest of gold approval seals : “ regional ” accreditation , the very same mark of quality granted to Ivy League universities including Princeton , Columbia , Penn , and Cornell , along with world - famous research institutions like Georgetown University , which sits in wealth and splendor above the Potomac River just a few miles away .
The decades - long saga of Southeastern ’s perpetual dysfunction and ultimate demise exposes a gaping hole in America ’s system of consumer protection for higher education .
The government exercises remarkably little oversight over the colleges and universities into which hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars are poured every year , relying instead on a tissue - thin layer of regulation at the hands of accreditors that are funded and operated by the colleges themselves .
The result is chronic failure at hundreds of colleges nationwide , obscure and nonselective institutions where low - income and minority students are more likely to end up with backbreaking student - loan debt than a college degree .
The accreditation system is most egregiously failing the students who most need a watchdog looking out for their interests .
The case of Southeastern shows how .
Middle States is one of six regional accreditors created in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Although the organizations have come to serve as the arbiters of legitimacy in American higher education , accreditors began as small clubs , collegial and essentially secretive organizations .
In many respects , they remain so today .
Middle States — which controls the mid-Atlantic , stretching from Maryland to New York — was formed in 1887 as a typical special interest group , founded by a small band of Pennsylvania college officials who joined forces to lobby the state legislature with the goal of not having to pay property taxes .
The following decades were a time of expansion and confusion in higher education .
More students were enrolling in college , and new , sometimes dubious institutions were springing up .
Standards for admission and credit transfer were chaotic .
Worried that the government might step in to impose order , Middle States and its peers decided to do the job themselves by defining what exactly it meant to be an institution of higher learning .
In 1919 , Middle States created the Commission on Higher Education to set standards for the accreditation of colleges in its region .
In the beginning , the requirements were straightforward : a university needed at least eight professors , a half - million - dollar endowment , certain required courses in the liberal arts , and so on .
But setting standards was the easy part .
Enforcing them was something else .
Middle States was , and is , a voluntary association with no direct authority over its members .
In 1933 , the Commission on Higher Education responded to various scandals and outrages associated with intercollegiate athletics by banning athletic scholarships .
Colleges cheerfully filled out forms swearing compliance while continuing to hand out money to star tailbacks .
Embarrassed , the commission caved .
“ Although in the face of manifest opposition we are unable to enforce the rule , ” said the commission chairman , they still believed that “ no college that grants athletic scholarships is worthy of a place on our accredited list . ”
Athletic scholarships continued , as did related outrages .
It was a stark lesson in the regulatory limits of the accreditors , which shared a basic flaw with the bond rating agencies that recently helped bring the global economy to the brink of ruin : they were nongovernmental and financially beholden to the organizations they were supposed to evaluate with a gimlet eye .
When push came to shove , they did n’t shove .
They also had relatively few resources , relying on dues from members who , once they gained entrance to the club , had little interest in paying outsiders to ask hard questions .
As a result , the commission shifted over time from sending inspectors to requiring self - study , aided by volunteers from other colleges .
After duly peering inward , most colleges reported excellent findings .
Their colleagues from other schools , mindful that they would eventually be on the other side of the table , tended not to question their peers ’ upbeat assessments .
If the world had stayed as it was in the 1930s , none of this would have mattered much .
But the economic and social changes of the postwar era brought an explosion of new students to higher education .
Long - established elite colleges were somewhat reluctant to enroll them — University of Chicago President Robert Hutchins famously warned that the G.I .
Bill would turn colleges like his into “ educational hobo jungles ” — and many of the new students enrolled in branch campuses , engineering schools , teachers colleges , and technical institutes instead .
Setting universal standards ( e.g. , “ eight professors ” ) that would accommodate both an Ivy League university and the tech school up the street was next to impossible .
In the end , the accreditors simply begged off the task and allowed colleges to establish , within broad guidelines , the standards against which they would measure themselves .
Middle States , for example , has an “ Admissions and Retention ” standard requiring that a college “ seeks to admit students whose interests , goals , and abilities are congruent with its mission and seeks to retain them through the pursuit of the students ’ educational goals . ”
But this is only a standard in the loosest sense of the word : concepts like “ interests , ” “ goals , ” “ abilities , ” “ congruent , ” and “ mission ” are left to the college to define .
And it only has to seek to retain students .
If it fails most of the time , as many colleges do , it does n’t lose accreditation .
The other crucial change of the accreditation system took place from the early 1950s to the early ’ 70s , when Congress began spending hundreds of millions of dollars on student financial aid through grants and federally guaranteed loans .
The money necessarily came with strings attached — students could n’t be allowed to give their grants to just anyone .
But rather than have the government evaluate colleges for fitness to receive public money , Congress outsourced the task to the accreditors : accredited schools could get federal aid , and unaccredited schools could n’t .
Accreditors became the de facto regulators of an academic landscape that more closely resembled an industry , and a complicated one at that .
Before the advent of federal financial aid , schools that did things like teach night classes for adults in business and accounting had no need for accreditation — they had no aspirations of joining the tony college club .
But by the mid-1970s , accreditation had come to mean evaluating yourself against standards of your own choosing in order to indirectly receive large amounts of free government money .
Unsurprisingly , a lot of the unaccredited colleges decided to take that deal .
One of them was Southeastern .
By 1977 , when Middle States granted Southeastern the same accreditation status enjoyed by half the Ivy League , the school had been in operation for ninety - eight years .
Within a few years of Middle States bestowing its seal on Southeastern , however , the school was giving its accreditor cause to regret doing so .
In 1981 , the university fired its comptroller after an audit found she had diverted $ 100,000 in university funds to a local culinary school , of which the president of Southeastern was a trustee .
A year later , more than 25 percent of Southeastern ’s students were defaulting on their federal loans , prompting a sanction from the U.S. Department of Education .
In 1983 , the university ’s business manager was fired after he and his wife were accused of stealing more than half a million dollars by overcharging the university for services paid to shell companies they secretly owned .
( The manager pled guilty two years later . )
By 1987 , Southeastern ’s loan default rate had ballooned to 42 percent , compared to a national average of less than 18 percent .
Whatever value students were getting from their degrees in the job market , it was n’t enough to pay back loans for Southeastern ’s private school tuition , leaving students with ruined credit ratings and the taxpayers on the hook for unpaid loans .
As a result , the feds temporarily cut the university off from federal loan funds in 1989 .
Enrollment declined from 1,800 students to barely 500 in the early ’90s , and the Department of Education threatened the university with a $ 3.6 million fine for failing to properly account for aid funds .
But because it had ceded most of its regulatory authority to the accreditors , the federal government could only do so much — as long as Southeastern remained accredited , the government had to keep cutting the checks .
And Middle States had little appetite for tough sanctions .
Throughout the 1980s and ’90s , it periodically put Southeastern on various forms of probation and encouraged it to improve via sternly worded letters .
But none of that was publicized to students , who continued to enroll and borrow every year .
It was n’t until 2003 that Middle States finally began demanding that Southeastern address its declining enrollment and deteriorating bottom line .
By then , the situation had become too dire for the accreditor to ignore .
Southeastern had shown some fledgling signs of improvement in the late ’90s , when President Charlene Drew Jarvis , a PhD neuropsychologist and the daughter of Charles Drew , the famed African American doctor and blood - bank pioneer , had aggressively recruited new students to staunch declining enrollment and negotiated down the school ’s outstanding federal fine .
But Jarvis ’s gains were largely erased after the September 11 attacks , to which the federal government had responded with a broad clampdown on foreign student visas .
Students from overseas , particularly Asia , had long been an important part of Southeastern ’s enrollment , as had its computer science program .
The one - two punch of 9/11 and the dot - com bust sent enrollment falling .
Southeastern responded by moving the majority of its classes online to cut costs .
But this was illegal ( although the law that made it so has since been repealed ) , and the feds levied another multimillion - dollar fine .
Still , it took five more years of laborious process and epistolary back - and - forth before Middle States put Southeastern on notice that it was in imminent danger of losing accreditation .
Meanwhile , the university tried to keep up appearances .
Its Web site prominently featured a picture of President Jarvis in full academic regalia , clasping hands with then Senator Barack Obama .
“ We are inspired by this exploration of our potential , ” said Jarvis , in response to a list of failures published by Middle States .
Early in January 2009 , the university enrolled a fresh batch of students , many of whom paid with federally backed student loans .
It came as shock to most of them when , on March 6 , 2009 , Middle States sent Jarvis a letter informing her that the Commission on Higher Education had finally decided to revoke the university ’s accreditation .
( Jarvis resigned soon thereafter . )
Accreditation decisions are usually written in impenetrable jargon , but the March 6th letter featured the kind of candor generally used to describe a broken relationship that is unlikely to be repaired .
Southeastern was spending more on fund - raising than it was receiving in donations , the accreditor noted .
The school ’s graduation rate was a paltry 14 percent .
Overall student pass rates on six exams administered through an allied health program were , respectively , 0 , 0 , 0 , 16 , 33 , and 40 percent .
The university had only six full - time faculty for more than thirty academic programs .
Not courses — programs .
One of the six was also the registrar .
Middle States “ found no evidence that students have knowledge , skills , and competencies consistent with institutional and appropriate higher education goals . ”
The letter is proof that accreditation standards do exist ; despite the wide latitude institutions receive to define and evaluate their own success , it is possible to be bad enough long enough to lose accreditation .
But Southeastern also illustrates just how low those standards are and how long they can be defied .
Given the university ’s multidecade history of loan defaults , financial struggles , and scandal , it ’s fair to assume that similar letters could have been written years before .
Why , then , did Middle States wait so long to pull the plug ?
Surprisingly , the accreditor provided an entirely plausible answer at the end of the letter : “ Ever since Southeastern University ’s initial accreditation … in 1977 , the Commission has recognized the University ’s mission of serving diverse and underserved student populations .
It is largely as a consequence of this recognition that the Commission has been so forbearing in its actions to date . ”
It was a masterpiece of perverse logic .
Of all students , those from diverse and underserved backgrounds are most in need of a high - quality college education .
They live at the margins of economic opportunity and often attend substandard K–12 schools .
They are at the greatest risk of dropping out and are least likely to have social networks and college - educated parents who can help them evaluate institutional quality .
Nobody needs the protection of a strong regulatory body more .
And yet Middle States lowered its standards for Southeastern to near - subterranean levels precisely because the university served vulnerable students .
And Southeastern is not alone .
At more than 200 two - and four - year colleges , the Department of Education revealed in December 2009 , at least 30 percent of students default on their loans within three years .
Longer - term default rates are substantially higher .
Graduation failure rates in the lower echelons of higher education are similarly bad — over 250 four - year colleges reported graduating fewer than one - third of their students in 2008 .
Students enrolling at these colleges are disproportionately from low - income and minority backgrounds .
At many , students are more likely to end up with a crippling financial liability than with a college degree .
( Unlike credit cards and other debts , student loans are very difficult to discharge in bankruptcy . )
And every single one of those colleges was accredited when those students enrolled .
How the accreditors have failed is easy enough to understand .
Commissions like Middle States have no actual regulatory authority and only one tool — de- accreditation — to compel compliance by delinquent schools .
Once the federal government handed accreditors the keys to the financial aid kingdom , de-accreditation amounted to a financial death penalty , a sentence that accreditors , who are primarily made up of current and former university officials , are loath to administer .
As a result , accreditors rarely step in before universities are already beyond redemption ; they often end up doing little more than standing next to the financial abyss and giving the occasional bankrupt institution a nudge on its way over the cliff .
This happens so rarely that when I spoke with Jarvis recently , she seemed surprised that Middle States had brought down the hammer on Southeastern at all .
“ The accreditors used to say , ‘ We ’re your colleagues , we ’re here to help you , ’” she said .
“ They ’re becoming regulators now . ” Emilia Butu , a former professor of computer science at Southeastern , told me , “ I had a colleague who had worked at Southeastern for over thirty years , and she told me there were times in the 1980s and 1990s when the university was actually in much worse shape than it was in 2009 when Middle States finally revoked accreditation .
She liked to quote one of the former Southeastern presidents , who said , ‘ Nobody can kill an institution of higher education . ’ ”
For the last half century , the nation has used a mild process of collegial peer review and self - study to accomplish a hard - nosed regulatory task .
It has n’t worked .
To be sure , regional accreditors are less lenient than they used to be .
But there are still thirty - seven accredited four - year colleges in the mid-Atlantic region alone that graduate less than one - third of their minority students .
And there is no way to know how or why those colleges managed to assert that such catastrophic failure rates satisfy accreditation standards .
When I asked Middle States for a copy of Southeastern ’s self - evaluations — reports submitted in order to receive millions of taxpayer dollars — I was told that the defunct university ’s records were unavailable , for “ privacy ” reasons .
Students and universities alike would be better off if accreditors stuck to what they ’re good at while the government protects the public interest .
Congress should create a single regulatory agency with the authority to audit and examine the financial status of institutions , much as the Securities and Exchange Commission can examine publicly traded corporations .
The agency would work aggressively with law enforcement to clamp down on diploma mills and other forms of higher education fraud .
It would also work with higher education representatives to develop a suite of common student learning measures that institutions could , voluntarily , use to report their success .
In making accreditation decisions , the agency would put a premium on results , not process .
It would provide a quicker path to accreditation for the most promising new higher education providers , and have a much faster process for revoking accreditation .
Failure would not be tolerated for decades , as it was at Southeastern and continues to be elsewhere .
College inspection results would be published , quickly and clearly , on a Web site specifically designed for students and parents choosing which college to attend .
Creating a real regulatory body to oversee colleges and universities would free regional accreditors to return to their original purpose : establishing authentic standards of excellence in higher education and providing high - quality peer review .
Middle States and its peers were founded on the conviction that a college education means something — and , as such , does n’t mean just anything .
It ’s a worthy idea that was effectively abandoned when accreditors agreed to become the gatekeepers of federal funds .
Affixing the same mark of quality to Southeastern and Princeton is absurd .
Accreditors should be in the business of creating high , aspirational standards of excellence , not legal minimums that inevitably became minimal .
Voluntary peer review is a terrible way to regulate , but an excellent way for like - minded institutions to help one another strive for greatness .
That ’s what the regional accreditors were all about , once , and where they should return .
Southeastern held a final summer session in 2009 to help remaining students finish their degrees .
The nearby University of the District of Columbia ( which has had its own troubles graduating students over the years ) announced that it would accept Southeastern credits in transfer ; Trinity Washington University , a private college that serves many D.C. residents , also stepped up to the plate .
Students attempting to bring their credits elsewhere were frequently refused .
The final class of Southeastern students reacted to the shutdown with a mix of anger and resignation .
“ I lost $ 1,300 because one of the classes I took could n’t transfer , ” e-mailed a student who enrolled for the first time in January 2009 , only to leave three months later when he learned of the accreditation problem .
Another sent me an e-mail with this account :
All I have received to date regarding the accreditation debacle is a series of emails .
Initially we were told that they were shutting down online courses due to issues with the accreditation .
Based on what I was told at the time , it did n’t seem like this would be a long term problem , just a short term issue .
If I had known that this was coming I would have accelerated my studies to graduate before this mess took place .
Now I find myself in a situation where I only need four courses to graduate but I may have to start all over someplace else .
In addition , I am out thousands of dollars in loans that I have to repay for an education that , on paper , is worth nothing .
On August 31 , 2009 , Southeastern finally lost the accreditation it had clung to , barely , for thirty - two years .
The students and faculty dispersed , and the tiny campus sits empty today .
In December , the university ’s few remaining assets — the building , the student records , and materials associated with the degree programs — were absorbed by the Graduate School , a thriving continuing education program that was associated with the U.S. Department of Agriculture until last year .
Southeastern itself seems destined to fade into memory .
The picture of President Obama has disappeared from the Web site , which now simply says , “ We are not accepting students at this time . ”
Giants quarterback Eli Manning and his wife have given $ 1 million to an academic scholarship program at their alma mater , the University of Mississippi .
“ Abby and I were drawn to this program of helping people who might not be able to attend college otherwise , ” Manning said in a statement released by the university .
“ To us , it was a way of truly helping a lot of people . ”
The program the Mannings are helping to finance will aid students who were already getting scholarships but struggling to pay for school after Ole Miss raised tuition by 6.5 percent this year .
Manning is one of a number of NFL players who have made significant contributions to their schools over the last year .
Others include Lions rookie Ndamukong Suh , who pledged $ 2.6 million to Nebraska , Packers cornerback Charles Woodson , who gave $ 2 million to Michigan , and Vikings safety Madieu Williams , who gave $ 2 million to Maryland .
In Letter to 7th Grader , DC Claims Their Movies Do Better Than Marvel’s
UnitedWeFall on Reddit HAHAHAHAHAHAHA !
" many different distributors " ?
You mean how it was Paramount
BP is starting over .
It just named a new American president and its finances are looking up .
BP ’s second - quarter report showed surprisingly strong revenues of $ 75.9 billion , beating Wall Street ’s estimates .
( This includes a $ 32.2 billion writedown along with the $ 20 billion liability fund that the Obama Administration wanted . )
The company has started to sell $ 30 billion of its assets to ensure it has all the money it needs to pay any liability claims .
No wonder several Wall Street analysts are suggesting BP stock as a terrific buy .
It does n’t seem to matter BP was responsible for the worst environmental disaster in American history .
Consumers worldwide – including Americans – continue to slurp up its oil .
But wait a minute .
If BP emerges from this debacle fatter and happier than anyone imagined a few months ago , whatever happened to the idea of corporate accountability ?
Does this mean any giant corporation can wreak havoc and then get back to business as usual ?
Corporations are n’t people .
They have no brains , no consciences , no capacity for intent or guilt .
Every one of their moveable parts can be replaced , just like BP ’s former CEO Tony Hayward was replaced .
Corporate accountability and responsibility are meaningless concepts .
Corporations exist for only one purpose : to make money .
If we want corporations to act differently , we have to force them to do so through laws that are fully enforced and through penalties higher than the economic benefits of thwarting the laws .
Here ’s the real outrage :
In the wake of the BP spill , essentially no laws have been changed – not even a ridiculously low cap on damages private parties can collect from oil companies .
Senate Republican leaders said Wednesday they would n’t support a bill retroactively removing the liability cap ; and not even Democrats Mary Landrieu ( D - La ) and Mark Begich ( D - Alaska ) will support it .
Why is n’t Congress doing more – not only removing the cap on civil liability but also raising the level of penalties oil companies have to pay for violating safety and environmental regulations , permanently prohibiting deep - water drilling , and enacting a carbon tax ?
Because of Big Oil ’s political clout .
The same anthropomorphic fallacy that accords human attributes to giant corporations like BP distorts clear thinking about how to limit their political influence .
Consider the grotesque Supreme Court decision earlier this year in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , which gave corporations the status of people with First Amendment rights to spend unlimited amounts of money on political ads .
Citizens United ranks right up there with Bush v. Gore and Dred Scott as the most brainless and irresponsible Supreme Court decisions in history .
In March , the District of Columbia Court of Appeals decided that in light of Citizens United , there was no longer any basis for limiting contributions to so - called independent committees set up to support or oppose particular candidates .
( Such committees are known as 527’s , after a loophole clause in the campaign finance laws . )
The old contribution limit was $ 69,900 every two years .
Now even that ’s gone .
And the Federal Elections Commission has just interpreted these two court decisions to mean corporations , not just individuals , can now give unlimited amounts of money to 527’s .
To top it off , Tuesday the Senate failed ( by only a few votes ) to pass the “ Disclose Act , ” that would have forced corporate sponsors of campaign ads to reveal themselves and not hide behind innocuous sounding names like “ Americans for America . ”
The bill also would have prohibited campaign ads run by U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies .
( Think BP . )
Now all the limits are gone and the gloves are completely off .
Even BP , incorporated in the UK , is officially free influence American politics to its heart ’s content .
The will of the American people is being subordinated to the demands of giant money - making machines called global corporations that can now spend or threaten to spend unlimited amounts of money in support of any politician willing to help them make more and against any who might cause them to make less .
This is the final lesson of BP .
What should you do ?
As with the loophole - ridden finance reform law , and the new health law that richly rewards Big Pharma — get angry , not cynical .
Commit to getting big money out of politics , even if it takes us years .
Robert Reich
This article first appeared on Robert Reich ’s Blog .
Republished with permission
If you ’re sitting down to dine at a nice restaurant and looking indecisively over the wine list , odds are you might call over the sommelier to help you choose between a French merlot and a Chilean carmenère .
If , however , you ’re similarly stumped over what beer to have , there usually is n’t someone around who ’s been trained in the knowledge of suds , someone who could help you decide if that pork tenderloin is best accompanied by a bock lager or a pale ale .
But that , is starting to change , thanks to a pair of programs , one based in Chicago , the other in Toronto .
The goal of the Cicerone program , is simple , according to founder Ray Daniels , a beer industry veteran and longtime instructor at Chicago ’s Siebel Institute of Technology .
“ I never again want to be served a bad beer in a bar , ” says Daniels , whose three - tier certification system is n’t officially linked to Siebel .
Daniels ’ program is largely based on self - study , with recommended reading ( and drinking , of course ) .
There are some prep courses , but they ’re not required .
“ This is more a certification program .
People can get the knowledge where they like , ” says Daniels .
The term Cicerone , by the way , is an old English term for a museum or art gallery guide
Daniels canvassed brewers , restaurant managers and distributors to come up with exam questions and areas of knowledge they ’d like to see a beer expert have .
The first stage , which Daniels calls Certified Beer Server , requires a basic knowledge of proper serving techniques and temperatures , and some knowledge of popular beer styles .
The second stage , Certified Cicerone , delves deeper into the history of beer , different styles and how to pair them with food .
A working knowledge of draft beer equipment and the proper storage of beer are also required .
The final level — Master Cicerone — requires a fuller understanding of all the topics in the first two , including being able to correctly identify flaws in beer , such as being light - struck ( skunky ) , oxidized ( wet cardboard aroma / taste ) or infected ( which often tastes sour ) .
For longtime beer author Stephen Beaumont , the idea of a beer world equivalent to a sommelier is long overdue .
“ This is absolutely an idea whose time has come .
For too long we ’ve been served beer by people who do n’t know the difference between an ale and a lager , ” says Beaumont , who has been offering staff beer training programs to restaurant chains for over a decade .
“ I think restaurants are waking up to what ’s available . ”
Roger Mittag , who runs a similar Canadian program called Prud ’homme beer certification , agrees that the time is finally right for beer to get its due .
“ Wine has always been seen as more complicated .
Beer is seen as the common man ’s refreshment .
Over the last 15 - 20 years , with all the imports and craft beers that are available , people are starting to realize that beer is just as complex , if not more so , ” says Mittag , a former Labatt sales staffer .
“ I ’m not sure we could ’ve put this program in place 10 years ago . ”
While many people who have ever hoisted a pint or two consider themselves a beer expert , passing the Cicerone exam is no easy feat says Toronto beer educator Mirella Amato , who ’s one of seven Certified Cicerones in Canada .
“ It ’s a tough exam , which is good .
That ’s what you want , or it would n’t have much credibility , ” says Amato , who admits the toughest part of the exam for her was the portion on draft equipment .
“ I ’d taken the Beer Judge Certification Program so I already had a good grasp on beer styles , but I really needed to prepare for the draft equipment part , ” says Amato , who went in to a brewery and asked to work on their keg fillers in order to prepare .
Jordan Bushell , a mixologist at downtown Toronto restaurant Brassaii , has passed two levels of Mittag ’s Prud ’homme program .
Bushell , who ’s been working on creative cocktail combos for years , says he appreciated the opportunity to get a deeper knowledge of Canada ’s favourite beverage .
“ It ’s been really useful .
The average beer drinker who drinks Coors Light or Bud think they know all about beer , but there are so many different things beer can offer .
This gives you the ability to teach people a little bit about what they ’re drinking , ” says Bushell .
Even if he does n’t get called to tableside , Bushell says he still likes being a step up on people who are on the other side of the bar .
“ You go to a doctor because he knows more about your body than you do .
Bartenders should know more about alcohol than you do .
A lot of them do n’t , and that ’s a shame . ”
josh@thestar.ca
Beer Quiz
How does your suds savvy measure up ?
Some sample exam questions from cicerone.org .
1 . The clove or nutmeg flavours associated with 4 - vinyl guaiacol ( a phenol ) are typically found in what style of beer ?
A : Pilsner
B : American Wheat
C : Kolsch
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
D : Weizen
2 . In the beer world , “ SRM ” is a measurement of what beer characteristic ?
A : Bitterness
B : Alcohol content
C : Colour
D : Malt Character
3 . Which beer style is likely to have the highest alcohol content ?
A : Scottish Ale
B : Brown Ale
C : Oatmeal Stout
D : Scotch Ale
4 . What role does “ choker line ” play in a draft system ?
A : Prevent too much beer from flowing to the tap when it is first opened
B : Provides proper beer flow regardless of applied CO2 pressure
C : Provides resistance to bring the system into balance
D : Facilitates chilling of the beer by the glycol system immediately before serving
ANSWERS : 1 D , 2 C , 3 D , 4C
Australian workers are being paid even more than their Kiwi cousins since National became the government .
The Dominion Post newspaper reported that while Economic Development Minister Gerry Brownlee was saying the wage gap had reduced since his party came into office , figures it obtained comparing average weekly earnings in November 2008 and February this year painted a different picture .
They showed New Zealand wages grew by 5.2 per cent compared to 6.17 per cent for Australia .
Australia 's ordinary average wage rose from $ A1165 to $ A1243 while New Zealand 's went from $ A724 to $ NZ947 $ A770 .
On Tuesday 's currency rates , the gap widened from about $ A439 a week in December 2008 to around $ A471 in March this year .
Australia weathered the global financial crisis in better shape than New Zealand , avoiding recession while New Zealand did not .
In parliament on Tuesday Brownlee said it would take time to work out exactly how much the gap would close by after the October 1 tax cuts , but the gap between the two countries " is certainly a lot less " than under Labour .
A computer that monitored drilling operations on the Deepwater Horizon had been freezing with a " blue screen of death " prior to the explosion that sank the oil rig last April , the chief electronics technician aboard testified Friday at a federal hearing .
" Blue screen of death , " or BSOD , is a term most often used to describe the display shown by Microsoft Windows after a serious crash that has incapacitated a PC .
In his testimony Friday , Michael Williams , the chief electronics technician aboard the Transocean - owned Deepwater Horizon , said that the rig 's safety alarm had been habitually switched to a bypass mode to avoid waking up the crew with middle - of - the - night warnings .
Williams said that a computer control system in the drill shack would still record high gas levels or a fire , but it would not trigger warning sirens , according to numerous reports , including stories published by the New York Times and New Orleans ' largest daily , the Times - Picayune .
Williams , who has filed a multi-million dollar federal lawsuit against Transocean , also said that five weeks before the April 20 explosion , he had been called to check a computer system that monitored and controlled drilling .
The machine had been locking up for months , Williams said , producing what he and others on the crew called a " blue screen of death . "
" It would just turn blue .
You 'd have no data coming through , " Williams said today , according to the New York Times ' story .
With the computer frozen , the driller would not have access to crucial data about what was going on in the well .
Williams testified before a six - person federal panel in Kenner , La. , a New Orleans suburb .
Government investigators have been questioning workers and executives of both Transocean , the rig's owner , and BP , which leased it to drill wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
Others have testified this week about a litany of problems on the rig , including power losses , leaking emergency equipment , and cut corners that may have contributed to the explosion .
The April disaster left 11 dead and resulted in the largest oil spill in U.S. history .
Williams survived the explosion and resulting fire on the rig by leaping into the water .
While he did not identify the operating system running the balky computer , the phrase " blue screen of death " is typically used to describe a Windows crash .
Microsoft declined to comment on Williams ' testimony and characterization of the crash screen .
Transocean did not respond to e-mail seeking comment .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
A Malaysian trans woman who had a civil partnership with a British man has won her fight to stay in the UK .
Fatine Young , 36 , who was born male , feared she would be arrested and jailed if returned to her home country , which would consider her relationship to be homosexual .
She met 30 - year - old Ian Young in 2006 while he was working in Kuala Lumpur and entered Britain on a six - month tourist visa to live with him in December 2008 .
The couple tied the knot in a civil partnership service in the UK in June 2009 after seeking permission from the Home Office .
They now live together in Sponden , Derby .
Last month , Mrs Young won her claim for asylum .
She told LGBT Asylum News : “ After nearly a year struggling I am so relieved that the Home Office has approved my asylum claim , knowing that I am safe from the prosecution back home .
My plight , known through the media in the UK , has touched a nerve amongst the Muslim community in Malaysia .
“ Honestly , I ’m not angry at the UK government for [ repeatedly ] rejecting my application , I ’m just confused and scared .
I do n’t know what have I done wrong as I know I follow everything by the book .
I called my family in Malaysia to tell them the news but received no reaction from them .
Ian ’s family and friends are happy that I got to stay here in UK . ”
Mrs Young has also claimed she was “ treated badly and humiliated ” by staff at the visa processing centre because her appearance does not match the gender stated in her passport .
Mr and Mrs Young say that while their family and friends have accepted their relationship , he had to leave his job as a school caretaker because parents claimed to be “ uncomfortable ” about their relationship .
Mr Young was transferred to another school , while his wife hopes to find work in the UK .
She said : “ As soon as I ’ve got my paperwork from Home Office , I will look for work .
I know it may be a bit difficult to gain employment but I will try my best , I want to contribute something back to the government . ”
Police have expanded their use of powers to force suspects to decrypt files by 50 per cent in the last year , figures released today reveal .
In the 12 months to March 31 this year , government officials approved 38 notices under Part III of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , compared to 26 in the previous year .
The powers , known as section 49 notices , require suspects to hand over passwords or make files intelligible to investigators on threat of a two - year jail sentence , or five years where national security is concerned .
As well as obtaining more section 49 notices , police also expanded the range of crimes they were used to investigate .
In 2008/09 they were served in relation to counter - terrorism , possession of indecent images of children and " domestic extremism " ( a case involving activist attacks on animal testing labs ) .
In the last 12 months , however , RIPA Part III was used to demand decryption in cases of insider dealing , illegal broadcasting , theft , excise duty evasion and aggravated burglary , the Chief Surveillance Commissioner Sir Christopher Rose said in his annual report .
Investigations into indecent images of children remained the " main reason " section 49 notices were served , he added .
Of the 17 notices obtained this year that have so far been served , six suspects complied and seven did not .
The remainder are still being processed .
One person suspected of possessing indecent images of children has been convicted for failing to hand over passwords .
The compliance rate was up on last year , the first full year since the powers were activated , when 11 out of 15 suspects served with a section 49 notice did not make their files intelligible to investigators .
Sir Christopher noted the discrepancy between 38 approvals granted by the National Technical Assistance Centre ( NTAC ) and the number of notices actually served .
NTAC is a unit at GCHQ , the Cheltenham code - breaking agency .
" Notices , once approved , should be served without delay , " Sir Christopher said .
" If delays continue , I will require an explanation . "
Last year
The Register reported the case of the first man known to have been jailed for failing to hand over encryption keys to the police .
" JFL " was a schizophrenic software developer initially charged with explosives offences that were later dropped .
He was sectioned under the Mental Health Act during his prison sentence . ®
Image caption Engines on China 's Long March - 5 will develop 120 tonnes of thrust
Chinese engineers are considering a new super - powerful engine for the next generation of space rockets , say officials .
According to Li Tongyu , general manager of the marketing department at the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology ( CALT ) , engineers are currently studying a rocket engine capable of generating thrust of 600 tonnes .
If China succeeds in the development of such power , it would increase the nation 's capabilities in space by orders of magnitude .
For comparison , China is currently well in the development of its most powerful rocket to date - Long March - 5 - that would sport engines with the thrust of 120 tonnes .
" Rockets ( with 600 - tonne thrust engines ) would only be justified for things like sending humans to the Moon , if such projects are approved , " Li Tongyu told BBC News .
In March , the official China Daily newspaper disclosed that CALT was studying a super - heavy launch vehicle , which could be used to mount lunar expeditions .
At the time , the newspaper quoted CALT Vice President Liang Xiaohong as saying that the total lift - off thrust of the future heavy launcher would be 3,000 tonnes .
' Grander scale '
To develop such thrust , the first stage of the proposed rocket would need five 600 - tonne engines , possibly distributed between one central stage and four strap - on boosters .
Image caption China hopes to carry out its first LM - 5 test launch in 2014
The rocket 's architecture would thus be similar to the one adopted for the Long March - 5 rocket , but at a considerably grander scale .
Although the expected payload of the future heavy lifter had not been disclosed , available details allow placing it close to the same category with that of the Saturn - 5 rocket , which carried US astronauts to the Moon .
In the meantime , the development of the Long March - 5 rocket was proceeding well toward its first test launch , currently expected in 2014 , Li Tongyu said .
The vehicle 's first stage engine had already accumulated more than 10,000 seconds of firing during tests - an important milestone on the way to its certification for real missions .
A full - scale prototype of the Long March 5 rocket would be ready for testing in 2012 and a year later , test firing of fully assembled rocket stages would be conducted .
When operational , Long March - 5 is expected to deliver up to 25 tonnes of payload , including space station modules to the low Earth orbit , and up to 14 tonnes to the so - called geostationary transfer orbit , where most communications satellites are released after launch .
At the UK's Farnborough airshow , CALT demonstrated computer - generation videos , showcasing impressive new assembly and launch infrastructure of the Long March - 5 rocket .
Newly built facilities will feature a sprawling campus not far from Chinese capital Beijing , where the rocket would be assembled .
The rocket stages would then be shipped to the launch site in the very south of China , where it could take advantage of the Earth rotation to maximise its cargo capabilities .
Along with Earth - orbiting satellites , the Long March - 5 is expected to carry Chinese spacecraft into deep space , including unmanned missions to return soil samples from the Moon .
SION , Switzerland -- Swiss club Sion has declined to sign Freddy Adu after the former United States international spent the week there in training .
Sion said on its website Friday that Adu had undeniable qualities but did not fit in with its plans .
Adu was signed to Portuguese champion Benfica but was loaned out last season to Belenenses and Greek club Aris Thessaloniki .
The 21 - year - old forward was not selected to play for the U.S. at the World Cup in South Africa , and has failed in Europe to fulfill the potential he showed when he joined D.C. United at age 14 .
Sion had the option of signing Adu because a one - year transfer ban imposed by FIFA and upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport last month will not take effect until January .
Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press
Nearly a quarter of a century after President Reagan signed the Anti-Drug Abuse Act resulting in the infamous 100:1 sentencing disparity between crack and cocaine powder offenses the House of Representatives passed the Fair Sentencing
Act by a voice vote yesterday with both Democrats and Republicans speaking on the floor in support of the legislation .
This historic legislation vastly reduces the infamous and discriminatory 100:1 sentencing disparity between crack cocaine and powder cocaine to a ratio of 18:1 .
It is not perfect , but it is an improvement over current federal law and will make a real difference in the lives of men and women currently receiving needlessly cruel and very long mandatory minimum sentences for what are often low - level , non-violent drug offenses .
The legislation would also be the first since the Nixon administration to actually repeal a mandatory minimum sentence .
Speaking on the 40th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , President Obama declared :
“ Dr. King once said that the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice .
It bends towards justice , but here is the thing : it does not bend on its own .
It bends because each of us in our own ways put our hand on that arc and we bend it in the direction of justice .... "
With the Senate ’s passage by unanimous consent earlier in the year and yesterday ’s House passage by voice vote - the Fair Sentencing
Act is one signature away from becoming law .
As a long time advocate for eliminating the disparity President Obama is poised to sign this bill and restore a measure of fairness to federal sentencing law .
This is an amazing victory for criminal justice reform .
But we 're not done .
We 're making progress .
But we are not finished .
We are going to continue to push for complete elimination of the sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine .
It is a distinction without justification .
Indeed , we are going to keep working to bend the arc towards justice .
Thanks , and congratulations on this important victory for fairness and justice !
What do you know about Dwayne 's Photo Service of Parsons , Kansas ?
It is the place where the very last roll of the Kodachrome was processed .
Kodachrome , the slide - film that inspired songs , was discontinued by Kodak last year at 74 years of age .
The color emulsion was a victim of its own weird processing requirements , which did n't use the usual E6 chemistry designed for transparency film , and therefore was n't worth supporting in the age of digital .
The last roll was shot by National Geographic photographer Steve McCurry , who shot the 36 exposures in New York ( actually , the last three shots were exposed in Parsons before dropping off the film at Dwayne's ) .
The pictures will be part of a National Geographic piece in the near future .
McCurry 's film may have been the official last roll off the production line , but Dwayne 's will still process any Kodachrome that you might have until December 10th this year .
And then it will shut down , forever .
People may still shoot analog , but with the death of Kodachrome comes the spiritual death of film .
Last Kodachrome roll processed in Parsons [ Wichita Eagle via Retro Thing ]
Photo : Fay Ratta / Flickr
See Also :
Follow us for real - time tech news : Charlie Sorrel and Gadget Lab on Twitter .
The Democratic congressman famous for tough - talking quips — such as claiming the Republican health care plan is to urge the sick to “ die quickly ” and declaring that Fox News is an “ enemy to America ” — says he ’s got more than words in his arsenal .
After a conservative media critic jokingly offered $ 100 to any Republican House member willing to take a swing at Rep. Alan Grayson ( R - FL ) , the congressman did n’t say “ bring it on ” but he did say he ’d “ punch back . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’ll give $ 100 to first Rep. who punches smary [ sic ] idiot Alan Grayson in nose .
He ’s a caricature of a congressman , ” tweeted Vice President of the Media Research Center Dan Gainor .
Moments later , Gainor clarified that the offer was in jest .
“ It was a humorous offer .
Though I ’d love to see the video , ” he tweeted .
“ I think they intimidate people , ” Grayson told MSNBC ’s Ed Schultz on Tuesday .
“ That ’s what the right wing does .
They try to instill fear in the other side .
Just today somebody tweeted , ‘ I ’ll give $ 100 to somebody who punches Alan Grayson in the face . ' ”
“ Do you consider this a promotion of violence ? ” asked Schultz .
“ I do but I just want to let him know I punch back , ” replied Grayson .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If somebody came up to you from this outfit , you ’d nail them right back , huh ?
I knew you were my kind of guy , ” said Schultz .
“ You should see my reach , ” joked Grayson .
After arguing into the next day over Twitter that he would n’t apologize for his joke , Gainor finally Tweeted , “ To repeat , I apologize to anyone who was genuinely offended by poor attempt at humor . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Ed Show , broadcast July 20 , 2010 .
Italian Spiderman desktop IV
By protozoario Watch
18 Favourites 5 Comments 3 K Views
I did a series of 4 faux covers for Italian Spiderman .
For some time there was even talking about doing a real comic book , but that is no more .
The company that owned the project , Alrugo , has since closed , and the character is doomed to limbo .
Check out the incredible Italian Spiderman movies on Youtube .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1600x1024px 1.18 MB
Show More
Published : Jul 24 , 2010
Welcome to Buy HCG Diet Injections !
Did you know that you could get an appointment to see one of our expert weight loss consultants in most states in the USA ?
Our extensive program not only helps you to lose the weight but actually keeps it off for good !
We will help you focus on reaching your ultimate weight goal and provide you with the knowledge to maintain that ideal weight for the rest of your life .
We offer a customized plan for every individual that books a consultation .
This means that if you are an athlete , a vegan , a diabetic , or just want to lose a few of those unwanted pounds , we can definitely work with you .
You will receive the consultation with a doctor and nurse .
You will also be given a workbook in which you will find valuable information about the program .
The HCG diet program is not limited as to how much weight loss can be achieved .
No matter how much weight you want to lose , you can use the HCG diet until you reach the healthy results that you desire .
We offer top - notch support to all of our patients .
Weight loss coaches , nurses , and doctors are ready to speak to you should you have a question .
Of course , there is no additional charge for this service .
You will not go hungry while on this program .
You will not be on the old diet that was first introduced back in the 1960’s .
This new HCG program allows you a caloric intake of between 700 - 1200 calories a day .
In addition , remember , unlike the other HCG products , the HCG prescription injections will help you to lose weight without any muscle loss .
In fact , with the injection method all you will lose is the unwanted , unused stored fat .
Call us today and speak to one of our HCG diet and weight loss professionals .
You will be soon on your way to a slimmer , healthier YOU !
Google CEO Eric Schmidt has confirmed that there will be no Google Nexus
Two device , telling The Telegraph that “ the idea a year and a half ago was to do the Nexus One to try to move the phone platform hardware business forward .
It clearly did .
It was so successful , we did n’t have to do a second one . ”
While previous rumors have suggested that Google might follow up the Nexus One with a hardware QWERTY model , Schmidt said of the decision not to continue with own - brand devices that they “ like that flexibility , we think that flexibility is characteristic of nimbleness at our scale . ”
As for criticism regarding sales of the Nexus One , Schmidt says that of the decision not to make a sequel “ [ Google ] would view that as positive but people criticised us heavily for that .
I called up the board and said : ‘ Ok , it worked .
Congratulations – we ’re stopping ’. ”
The CEO also touched on data security , saying “ the reality is we make decisions based on what the average user tells us and we do check .
And the reason that you should trust us is that if we were to violate that trust people would move immediately to someone else .
We ’re very non -sticky so we have a very high interest in maintaining the trust of those users . ”
[ via Neowin ]
Cats are funny animals especially when they are startled or distracted by some invisible objects .
These are the best moments that I really love !
A new Brigham Young University study adds our social relationships to the " short list " of factors that predict a person 's odds of living or dying .
In the journal PLoS Medicine , BYU professors Julianne Holt - Lunstad and Timothy Smith report that social connections -- friends , family , neighbors or colleagues -- improve our odds of survival by 50 percent .
Here is how low social interaction compares to more well - known risk factors :
Equivalent to smoking 15 cigarettes a day
Equivalent to being an alcoholic
More harmful than not exercising
Twice as harmful as obesity
" The idea that a lack of social relationships is a risk factor for death is still not widely recognized by health organizations and the public , " write the PLoS Medicine editors in a summary of the BYU study and why it was done .
The researchers analyzed data from 148 previously published longitudinal studies that measured frequency of human interaction and tracked health outcomes for a period of seven and a half years on average .
Because information on relationship quality was unavailable , the 50 percent increased odds of survival may underestimate the benefit of healthy relationships .
" The data simply show whether they were integrated in a social network , " Holt - Lunstad said .
" That means the effects of negative relationships are lumped in there with the positive ones .
They are all averaged together . "
Holt - Lunstad said there are many pathways through which friends and family influence health for the better , ranging from a calming touch to finding meaning in life .
" When someone is connected to a group and feels responsibility for other people , that sense of purpose and meaning translates to taking better care of themselves and taking fewer risks , " Holt - Lunstad said .
In examining the data , Smith took a careful look at whether the results were driven primarily by people helping each other prolong their golden years .
" This effect is not isolated to older adults , " Smith said .
" Relationships provide a level of protection across all ages . "
Smith said that modern conveniences and technology can lead some people to think that social networks are n't necessary .
" We take relationships for granted as humans -- we 're like fish that do n't notice the water , " Smith said .
" That constant interaction is not only beneficial psychologically but directly to our physical health . "
Brad Layton worked on the study as an undergrad at BYU and appears as a co-author on the new study .
Layton 's involvement in this project helped him secure a spot as a Ph.D. candidate in the highly ranked epidemiology program at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Los Angeles Securities Lawyer
Los Angeles securities lawyer Steve A. Buchwalter has over 20 years of experience .
He is a former licensed commodity trading adviser and stockbroker who now deploys his experience and insights to represent investors who have been harmed .
He has also appeared before the U.S. Senate as an expert witness on broker practices .
Each of our staff members has accumulated prior experience as a licensed stockbroker , and each of us understands the complexities of the financial issues faced by our clients .
Brokers and financial advisers have an advantage over investors , even experienced investors , since they work in the financial industry each day .
Brokers and investment advisers in California should use good faith , loyalty , and reasonable care in handling securities transactions or offering securities advice to customers .
Unfortunately , some of these professionals perpetrate fraud by withholding important information or giving false information .
Some churn accounts , make unauthorized trades , or act deceptively .
If you believe that your investment adviser or broker violated securities laws , you can sue for damages in federal or state court , or you may be able to bring a claim before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) .
FINRA is engaged in oversight of the financial services industry and is authorized by Congress to enact regulations and enforce actions against securities firms and brokers who violate FINRA 's rules .
Investors must be served with integrity and competence under both state and federal securities laws .
California law is usually more favorable than federal law .
A securities attorney can help Los Angeles residents hold brokers accountable when they cause losses through their fraud , misrepresentations , or omissions .
In California , financial advisers need to follow California Corporations Code section 25401 , which bars the making of false statements and the omission of important information when selling securities .
If you are suing for fraud under California law , you will need to bring the action within the earlier of five years after the transaction at issue or two years after discovering the omission or representation that you believe constitutes fraud .
An investment adviser gives advice about securities for a fee and is regulated by the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 .
Under California and federal laws , investment advisers owe a fiduciary duty to clients .
This means that they are supposed to place their clients ' interests above their own .
For example , they are supposed to disclose all of the material facts about an investment and give advice that meets a client 's financial objectives .
California imposes a fiduciary duty on brokers as well .
In California , a broker has a fiduciary duty to fully and fairly disclose all material facts , make sure that a customer understands an investment 's risks based on their financial interests , and keep customers informed about every completed transaction .
If you believe that an adviser or broker put their own interests above yours , you may have a claim for a breach of fiduciary duty .
Brokers may misrepresent the risks of an investment in order to make a sale .
Misrepresentation is prohibited under both California and federal laws , and a Los Angeles securities attorney can help you sue a financial adviser for damages if they made a misrepresentation in connection with securities .
California Corporations
Code § 25401 prohibits brokers from leaving out or falsifying material facts during the sale , purchase , or offering of a security .
Material facts can include the financial health of a company , the fees associated with a stock purchase , or the risks associated with a specific security .
Although both the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and California law prohibit misrepresentations or omissions of material facts in the course of a security sale , it is usually better to pursue a claim for misrepresentation under state law .
Under California law , you need not show that you relied on the material fact that was omitted or misrepresented .
Under California law , financial advisers are held to a high standard of care .
They are supposed to perform due diligence on investments recommended to clients to make sure that they are not recommending a scam .
In order to establish negligence , a Los Angeles securities lawyer will need to show that the defendant needed to follow a certain standard of care , the defendant breached this standard of care , causation , and damages .
A broker may be held accountable if they breached a duty when handling a securities transaction for you , and that breach caused you to lose money .
For example , under certain circumstances , a financial adviser who did not adequately diversify your portfolio may have been negligent .
Investors trust brokers to make decisions while bearing in mind their best interests .
Brokerage firms owe a duty to supervise and manage their brokers and to make sure that their brokers are following FINRA rules , as well as state and federal laws .
A brokerage firm 's failure to follow this duty and adequately supervise its brokers can result in liability for negligence by the brokers .
In defending itself against a negligence claim , the brokerage firm will need to be able to show that it had a system in place to make sure that there was enough supervision and compliance with rules and procedures .
A brokerage firm can also be held indirectly liable for employee negligence under the doctrine of respondeat superior .
We represent businesses of all kinds in claims of breach of contract , partnership disputes , enforcement of non-competition agreements , and other concerns .
Almost all businesses rely on contracts to define the roles and rights of the business owners , define relationships with clients , and buy goods or services .
Another area that affects many of our clients is employment law .
Employers have numerous obligations under federal and California laws .
Workers can take steps against companies that infringe on their rights , including those related to wage and hour violations and anti-discrimination laws .
Investment firms often ask clients to sign arbitration or mediation agreements .
These agreements require their clients to resolve disputes with the firm outside the judicial system .
Arbitration can be considered an informal trial that takes place before a neutral person or panel of people who determine the outcome .
Some arbitrations are binding .
Mediation is an informal process whereby parties negotiate with the help of a neutral third - party mediator .
While you can represent yourself in an alternative dispute resolution process , it is in your best interest as an investor to hire knowledgeable legal counsel to go up against a brokerage firm .
Whether you are concerned about securities fraud or a breach of contract , the Law Office of Steve A. Buchwalter , P.C. may be able to help you .
It is crucial to have an experienced attorney on your side .
Often , brokerage firms spend a great deal on their legal defense , and it is advisable to hire an experienced securities attorney to go up against them .
We usually represent investors on a contingency fee basis .
Call us at 818-501-8987 or use our online form to set up a consultation .
Particularly during its infancy in the 1940s , the sight of its numerous characters being bound , dominated and disciplined was an incredibly common occurrence for readers of the Wonder Woman comic .
However , it was a certain method of restriction – being chained , specifically – and its repeated usage that sparked the following glorious letter to the strip ’s creator ( and psychologist ) , Dr. William Moulton Marston .
Written in 1943 by the founder of All - American Comics , Maxwell Gaines , the letter was sent to Marston along with a complaint from a reader and , more intriguingly , a sadly - now - elusive list of alternative methods by which to keep a woman confined .
Transcript follows .
Initial image found at Comic Book Resources .
Transcript
September 14 , 1943
Dr. William Moulton Marston
Cherry Orchard
Rye , New York
Dear Doc :
Attached is a copy of a letter which came in yesterday ’s mail .
I ’d like to discuss this with you the next time you come in .
This is one of the things I ’ve been afraid of , ( without quite being able to put my finger on it ) in my discussions with you regarding Miss Frank ’s suggestions to eliminate chains .
Miss Roubicek hastily dashed off this morning the enclosed list of methods which can be used to keep women confined or enclosed without the use of chains .
Each one of these can be varied in many ways – enabling us , as I told you in our conference last week , to cut down the use of chains by at least 50 to 75 % without at all interfering with the excitement of the story or the sales of the books .
Sincerely ,
( Signed )
M. C. Gaines , President
ALL - AMERICAN COMICS , INC .
MCG /g
Encls .
The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on Monday voiced its opposition to the recent decision in the YouTube - Viacom copyright infringement case .
The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on Monday voiced its opposition to the recent decision in the YouTube - Viacom copyright infringement case .
" We believe that the district court 's dangerously expansive reading of the liability immunity provisions of the [ Digital Millennium Copyright Act ] DMCA upsets the careful balance struck within the law and is bad public policy , " Cary Sherman , RIAA president , wrote in a blog post .
" It will actually discourage service providers from taking steps to minimize the illegal exchange of copyrighted works on their sites . "
Last week , a New York District Court ruled that the posting of Viacom - owned content by YouTube users on the Google - owned video site did not constitute copyright infringement because YouTube removed the offending content as quickly as possible after being alerted to their existence .
The ruling came three years after Viacom filed its $ 1 billion infringement case against YouTube .
" The present case shows that the DMCA notification regime works effectively , " the court said , pointing to the fact that YouTube removed 10,000 videos at Viacom 's request in one day .
" General knowledge that infringement is ' ubiquitous ' does not impose a duty on the service provider to monitor or search its service for infringements . "
Under the DMCA , if a copyright holder finds an infringing piece of content on a site like YouTube , they can issue a takedown notice .
YouTube will pull the video while it investigates .
If the content infringes , it remains down .
If it does not , YouTube will put it back up .
The RIAA argued , however , that sites like YouTube are not doing enough .
" As the White House recently noted in its strategic plan to combat intellectual property theft it is essential for service providers and intermediaries generally to work collaboratively with content owners to seek practical and efficient solutions to address infringement , " Sherman wrote .
" We need businesses to be more proactive in addressing infringement , not less . "
Viacom has said it will appeal .
" We expect the Court of Appeals will better understand the balance Congress struck when it enacted the DMCA , " Sherman said .
Originally posted to AppScout .
" I 've been using GM Collin products ever since I went to Australia ( to shoot a film ) , " says Biel .
" I had been using a really thick moisturizer , but it was so humid and hot there that it was blocking my pores .
I went to a dermatologist and had a facial , and they recommended ( GM ) Collin .
I use the deep cleansing scrub , eye cream , night moisturizer and under - eye gel , which is really hydrating .
It 's been a great discovery . " – Jessica Biel Marie Claire Magazine
Offering women and men of all ages exceptional clinical - quality products for dermo- corrective home use , GM Collin skin care products incorporate the highest quality ingredients derived from nature .
" GM Collin products are formulated with active ingredients using GM Collin phyto stem cell technology .
This dynamic process combined with natural ingredients results in potent , anti-aging formulas highly sought after by our customers . " -
Rachel Goodyear , esthetician at DrSkinSpa.com .
GM Collin Phyto Stem Cell Serum offers multiple benefits for enhancing skin .
GM Collin Phyto Stem Cell Serum brightens the complexion , inhibits free radicals , softens the skin's texture , diminishes fine lines and wrinkles , and increases the longevity of cells .
Also integrated into GM Collin Phyto Stem Cell Serum is Orsirtine which promotes cell survival .
Rennovage , a third active ingredient in GM Collin Phyto Stem Cell Serum , repairs DNA to restore skin damage and promote healthy , younger looking skin .
GM Collin Phtyo Stem Cell Eye Contour promotes cellular activity to delay the signs of aging .
GM Collin Phyto Stem Cell Eye Contour visibly improves the appearance of dark circles , puffy eyes , fine lines and wrinkles .
GM Collin Skin Care Aquamucine SPF 15 nourishes and protects the skin and promotes hydration while blocking the sun 's rays with a three - tiered approach : Aquaporin 3 stimulates channels in the skin to readily absorb moisture ; Aquaxyl prevents water loss in the skin ; and hyaluric spheres plump and fill in wrinkles .
GM Collin products offer the advanced Hydramucine line .
GM Collin Skin Care Hydramucine Optimal
Gel works synergistically to blend the benefits of bamboo , pomegranate , water lily and lotus flower extracts to produce an oil - free , alcohol - free moisturizing gel .
Designed with GM Collin phyto stem cell technology , GM Collin Skin Care Hydramucine Optimal Gel improves water retention in the skin for a more youthful appearance .
GM Collin Skin Care Acne Complex is formulated with salicylic acid , a natural substance from the bark of a willow tree which is proven to clear acne blemishes .
GM Collin Skin Care Acne Complex improves oily skin and eradicates blackheads , clogged pores , and more .
Combined with aloe and other essential oils , GM Collin Skin Care Acne Complex purifies and restores balance to the skin while eliminating redness and irritation .
GM Collin products are dedicated to providing radiant , healthy skin using the latest technology and cutting - edge ingredients .
GM Collin products adhere strictly to Health Canada and U.S. FDA standards .
GM Collin products are not tested on animals .
Articles
Videos Over 5000 Skincare products
Testimonials
I am thrilled with my order from DrSkinSpa .
Their service is excellent as I had some questions and they responded immediately , plus they sent me some free samples as well .
I will recommend this company as they stand behind their products and always deliver what they say they will .
You cannot beat them for quality products and excellent customer service .
Michelle , La
Received my order today from DrSkinSpa and was so happy because it came before the delivery date .
I was excited to try this new product and am glad to say that it is exactly what I wanted .
I have had problems with my skin and DrSkinSpa always has the best products at the best prices .
Plus they offer the opportunity to talk to an esthetician so you can really understand what each product will do before you purchase it .
Joanna , Texas
/>
MSNBC 's excuse for banning Markos does n't hold water
By now you may have heard that Markos Moulitsas , the founder of Daily Kos , has charged that he 's been blackballed from appearing on MSNBC because he got into a Twitterwar with Joe Scarborough .
According to Markos , MSNBC chief Phil Griffin emailed him this explanation :
I 'm hoping this will be only temporary and that the situation can be resolved in a mature fashion , but until then I just do n't know how one could reasonably expect to be welcomed onto our network while publicly antagonizing one of our hosts at the same time .
It 's funny .
I do n't recall the chief of MSNBC publicly banning Liz Cheney from appearing on the network when she cut an entire Web video " publicly antagonizing " Keith Olbermann and Chris Matthews for allegedly being too frightened to debate her about terrorism :
See , conservatives are expected to demonize the media , and can always count on being granted a platform by the same major networks they hammer publicly on a regular basis .
It 's all part of the game , get it ?
But it seems
Markos got publicly dressed down and banned by the president of the network , no less , all because he got under Scarborough 's skin with a few nasty little Tweets .
All eyes this week are on this Friday 's jobs report .
The market is expecting 500K jobs created , and an unemployment rate of 9.8 % .
But while you 're waiting for that , here 's a quick survey of what the US employment situation really looks like , across various measures and industries .
Nicholas Pouch runs an organic farm and a glassblowing studio on a 20 - acre spread in southwest Washington ’s timber country .
Spicy mustard greens , tomatoes and corn sprout in humid greenhouses as chickens and sheep roam nearby .
It would be an ideal place for children to romp , Pouch thinks .
But his children ca n’t be there because he ’s a medical marijuana patient .
ADVERTISEMENT
A drug task force acting on a tip from his former partner raided his grow operation in 2007 .
Even though Pouch ’s criminal charges were dropped , she cited the arrest and his marijuana use in winning full custody of their boys , now 9 and 11 .
For the past 2 1/ 2 years , Pouch has seen the boys twice a month , during supervised visits at a neutral house in Olympia .
“ There ’s no reason anybody should have to go through this , ” Pouch said .
“ Why are n’t they here , chasing snakes like they like to do ? ”
More than a decade after states began approving marijuana for medical use , its role in custody disputes remains a little - known side effect .
While those laws can protect patients from criminal charges , they typically have n’t prevented judges , court commissioners or guardians ad litem from considering a parent ’s marijuana use in custody matters Ã¢â‚¬â€ even in states such as Washington , where complying patients “ shall not be penalized in any manner , or denied any right or privilege , ” according to the law .
Arbiters often side with parents who try to keep their children away from pot .
Medical marijuana activists in several states , including Washington , California and Colorado , say they ’ve been getting more inquiries from patients wrapped up in custody - divorce cases in recent years as the ranks of patients who use marijuana swell .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lauren Payne , legal services coordinator with a California marijuana law reform group called Americans for Safe Access , said that since mid-2006 her organization has received calls about 61 such cases .
In Colorado last month , an appeals court ruled that medical marijuana use is not necessarily a reason to restrict a parent ’s visitation .
Washington courts have held otherwise .
“ The court cannot countenance a situation where a person is using marijuana , under the influence of marijuana and is caring for children , ” an Island County , Wash . , judge ordered in one such dispute .
“ There ’s nothing in the medical marijuana law that deprives the court of its responsibility and legal authority to provide for proper care of children so that people are n’t caring for children who are under the influence of alcohol or drugs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In that case , the medical marijuana patient , Cameron Wieldraayer , was granted only supervised visits with his two young daughters Ã¢â‚¬â€ a decision upheld by an appeals court .
Many patients insist that using pot makes them no less fit as parents , and that they should n’t lose custody or visitation rights if there ’s no evidence they ’re abusing the drug .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Washington , D.C. - based Marijuana Policy Project , two of the 14 states with medical marijuana laws Ã¢â‚¬â€ Michigan and Maine Ã¢â‚¬â€ specify that patients wo n’t lose custody or visitation rights unless the patient ’s actions endanger the child or are contrary to the child ’s best interests .
Pouch , who grows marijuana in an old chicken coop , smokes a few puffs three or four times every day , and says he does n’t get high the way he did when he used marijuana recreationally in his younger days .
He said he uses it to treat pain from carpal tunnel syndrome aggravated by glassblowing , as well as a shoulder that frequently pops out of its socket due to old sports injuries .
“ I ’m an outgoing , upstanding person .
I do three different farmers markets and I ’m a member of the Mason County Chamber of Commerce , ” said Pouch , 37 .
“ I am not an activist at all , but I have the right to use this .
It aids my pain , and it allows me to function in my everyday activities , where pills and opiates do n’t . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The mother of Pouch ’s boys declined to comment .
Pouch also has a young daughter with another woman , and is also allowed only supervised visits with her .
This month , after a guardian ad litem made a favorable report about Pouch ’s parenting skills , a court commissioner awarded him custody Ã¢â‚¬â€  but then stayed the decision while the girl ’s mother challenges it .
Opposing spouses often argue that they have a right to keep their children away from illegal substances , and marijuana remains illegal under federal law .
With some other medications , such as narcotic painkillers or bipolar medications , judges can require tests to establish how much of the drug a parent has in his or her system , said Eleanor Couto , a family law attorney in Longview , Wash .
ADVERTISEMENT
But treatment providers can’t prescribe specific amounts of marijuana without running afoul of federal law , so it is n’t always clear what constitutes an appropriate level of the drug .
“ How do you monitor how much someone can smoke ? ” Couto asked .
“ How do know they ’re able to adequately care for that child ?
I think it ’s got to be a case - by - case basis . ”
Seattle lawyer Sharon Blackford noted that urine tests can establish how much marijuana is in a patient ’s system based on current use , and that monitoring is “ as easy to do for medical marijuana as it is for alcohol . ”
Couto said she represents one father who worked out a tentative arrangement with his ex whereby he can continue to use medical marijuana , as long as someone else watches their child while he does .
ADVERTISEMENT
In another case , she ’s representing a father who is trying to win primary custody of his teenagers for the first time because their mother is married to a medical marijuana patient who also has a history of minor criminal offenses and several drunken - driving convictions .
Early this year , a judge who called Washington ’s medical marijuana law “ an absolute joke ” and “ an excuse to be loaded all the time ” ordered that stepfather , Julian Robinson , to keep at least a quarter - mile from the teenagers because of his marijuana use , according to a transcript of the hearing .
That means Robinson ca n’t be around the children he has raised for the past 13 years , even though they live in his home near Castle Rock , with his wife and their four younger children .
Robinson sometimes stays with friends or rolls out a foam sleeping pad in his neighbor ’s horse trailer .
He misses baseball games and church services .
“ It has torn my family apart , ” Robinson said .
“ We used to do everything together . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pouch , who said he ’s spent $ 35,000 on legal costs in the past four years , hopes to persuade the court to grant him partial or even primary custody of his children .
In the meantime , they dug a garden last year at the Olympia home rented by South Sound Family Services where they have their supervised visits .
Pouch brought in manure and vegetable starts last month .
The boys planted corn , tomatoes , cucumbers and pumpkins .
___
Online :
Pouch ’s farm : http://www.naturescreationfarm.com/
Americans for Safe Access : http://www.safeaccessnow.org/
ADVERTISEMENT
Marijuana Policy Project : http://www.mpp.org/
Mochila insert follows …
In Afghanistan , a British Gurkha is facing court martial for beheading a dead Taliban gunman .
The trouble began when the accused Gurkha 's unit had been sent in pursuit of a group of Taliban believed to contain a local Taliban leader .
When the Gurkhas caught up with the Taliban , a gun battle broke out and several of the enemy were killed .
The Gurkhas were ordered to retrieve the bodies of the dead Taliban , to see if one of them was the wanted leader .
But the Gurkhas were still under heavy fire , and the Gurkha who reached one body realized he could not drag it away without getting shot .
Thinking fast , he cut off the dead Taliban 's head and scampered away to safety .
When senior British commanders heard of this , they had the Gurkha arrested ( and sent back to Britain for trial ) , and apologized to the family of the dead Taliban .
The head was returned , so that the entire body ( as required by Islamic law ) could be buried .
The British are very sensitive about further angering pro-Taliban Afghans , and go out of their way to collect all body parts of dead Taliban ( especially those hit with bombs ) , so that the body can be buried according to Islamic law .
The Taliban use accusations of Western troops disrespecting Islam as a major part of their propaganda efforts .
When there are no real cases of such disrespect , which is usually the case , they make it up .
As far as beheading goes , the Taliban often do that on living victims , which even horrifies most Afghans .
The Gurkhas also horrify most Afghans , as Gurkhas have been fighting Afghans for centuries , in the service of Britain or Indian princes .
Gurkhas , who tend to be Hindus , featured prominently in an Indian effort to stop Moslem armies from entering India 1,300 years ago , and pushing the Moslems out of Kandahar ( which was then an Indian border town ) .
Gurkhas are tribal people ( of Tibetan and Mongol origin ) from the mountains of Nepal , and have interacted , and intermarried , with Indians for thousands of years .
Britain fought a war with the Gurkha kingdom two centuries ago , and found them such formidable opponents that they began hiring them as mercenaries , and continue to do so .
India has even more Gurkha mercenaries than Britain , and Gurkhas are popular security operatives worldwide .
Most Afghans are somewhat amused at the British punishing a Gurkha for simply doing what Gurkhas have been doing to Afghans for a long , long time .
For more than fifteen years , I spent a considerable amount of my professional time in the company of oil men .
For years I ate lunch with them , traveled with them to places like Scotland and Russia , listened to their war stories over drinks , watched them unfurl seismic charts on board tables , read their budgets , and marveled at their forecasts — all of which predicted finding the next Prudhoe Bay , North Sea , Bass Strait , or Caspian Sea , no matter where they looked .
In one meeting , I heard of a vast store of gas under , alas , the walls of old Jerusalem .
The oil men of my acquaintance had names like Swede , Red , Junior , Clint , and Roge .
To a man they believed that oil could be found through satellite images , wildcat drilling , 3 - D seismic surveys , or , in one case , a careful reading of select Biblical passages .
All they ever needed to realize their dreams was about $ 25 million , a few drilling rigs , a handful of outside experts ( all of whom charged $ 2000 a day to pour cement , decode seismic , or spud wells ) , and then to be left alone until the crude came bubbling to the surface , as it does in the opening scenes of " The Beverly Hillbillies " .
The stories of British Petroleum 's Deepwater Horizon have reminded me that the industry runs on the fumes of dreams , what Sigmund Freud called “ the future of an illusion . ”
According to the mainstream media accounts , which read like a Frank Norris novel , the petroleum industry is an octopus that has wrapped its stranglehold around all aspects of America ’s economic and political life .
It ’s methodical , logical , all - encompassing , and evil .
In practice , most oil companies are lotteries with gas stations .
Yes , the Gulf oil spill is a cautionary tale of what happens when wily corporations strong - arm regulators , scoff at environmental impact statements , and ignore safety regulations to bleed the world of its precious energy reserves , all for extortionate profits .
That said , the Deepwater Horizon sounds like every oil deal I ever heard described , with the exception that the shareholders and management of BP were willing to fund the diving rods with millions in actual front money .
In most cases , petroleum deals do not get past the sketches drawn on restaurant napkins .
The only way to go into the oil business , at least on the upstream ( exploration ) side , is to think big .
Downstream ( refining , gas stations , Jiffy Lube and the like ) is closer to banking or life insurance , a narrow - margin turnover business .
Upstream is the stuff of wildcat dreams , where the right drilling rig ( which can cost $ 100,000 a day ) and the right well ( some as deep as several miles ) will unlock a gusher .
Large oil companies , however , rarely go it alone when developing a new field .
In places like the North Sea and the Caspian , they syndicate participations to other oil companies in order to reduce capital requirements and spread around the risk .
With the Deepwater Horizon , apparently BP thought they had a sure thing and held on to a majority .
If you 're tapping into Paradise , why bring in outside angels ?
Doubt is not an emotion that I associate with oil men ; think of BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , who said , “ I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to have been very , very modest , ” and then rode out the media storms on his yacht .
I am sure BP ’s executives who planned the Gulf drilling are no different from those that I met who preached the gospel of untapped petroleum wealth in Sudan , Mongolia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , and Albania .
Whenever I would ask about the risks or costs of a venture , the oil men at the table would look at me as if I were shoe salesman who was trying to understand the finer points of neuroscience .
My job as a banker was to find the money to sink the drills .
Beyond that , I was on a “ need not to know ” basis .
How often do oil men hit oil ?
Obviously , many wells hit pay dirt .
Nonetheless , I spent fifteen years following drilling adventures and no one I came across ever shouted “ Eureka ! ” .
Instead , I was introduced to the concept of the “ dry hole , ” a noble but unsuccessful effort to tap into the riches of the earthen core , which costs about eight million dollars a whack .
When a hole comes back empty , oil men generally agree that failure is key to the industry , that the faults were not their own , and that next time , with another eight or eighty million to sink into the ground , they will do things differently , such as actually study the geological formations , consult earlier drillers , prepare a budget , or call some top notch oilman who has retired to Wyoming .
Many oil meetings end with someone saying , “ Let ’s get Swede over here . ”
As best I could tell , drilling is done on a wing and a prayer .
I am sure this was the case for BP as much as it was for my biblical geologists , despite all of the “ beyond petroleum ” spin , Maybe the company did not consult the Bible after it anchored the Deepwater Horizon , but otherwise it might well have followed the script from the Book of Revelation ( ‘ The sea is turning into blood and everything is dying ’ ) .
Another central belief of the petroleum industry is that losses measure an oil man as much as does success .
Bankers hate bad loans , and retailers loathe getting undercut .
Oil men , however , take a fair amount of pleasure in losing huge sums of money .
It ’s part of the culture to have lost $ 100 million in the Caspian or $ 300 million in the Black Sea .
It shows the world that their pockets are as deep as their drill bits .
I am not saying that BP wanted its well to blow out or its crude to pollute the Gulf of Mexico , although failure does have its rewards .
I am sure that many oil men , including a number inside BP , are having what might be called “ a good spill . ”
It has been as munificent as holy water to all the consultants earning $ 4000 a day for their opinions on caps , relief wells and blowout preventers .
If properly maintained , wells produce oil and gas for years .
That does not take away the go - for - broke , extreme risk element that is critical to the industry ’s emotional DNA , and probably it ’s success .
I remember one wildcat deal in the former Soviet republic of Georgia .
In meeting after meeting , specialists from Texas , Aberdeen or Egypt poured over budget projections showing billion dollar profits , the largest gas field in Central Asia , the next East Texas in Tbilisi .
It was a liquid gold mine , and for “ $ 2 million , $ 5 million , okay , $ 15 million ” it could be reached with a few rigs shipped in from Israel .
( As John the Geologist wrote in Revelations : “ I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely . ” )
In the end , the investors put up $ 45 million for three dry holes .
The reasons for failure were endless : the seismic was old , the Soviets had ruined the wells , the reservoirs were fractured , water had diluted the oil , the Georgians were siphoning the oil into their cars , you name it .
After that , the drillers blamed the owners for “ failing to support the project ” and walked away .
Who was right ?
I have no idea , although I was impressed by the insight of one executive who had gone to many planning meetings .
Earlier in his career , he might even have worked for BP .
“ Well , ” he said , “ they did n’t find any oil or gas , but they certainly got their $ 40 million worth of fun . ”
U.S. Coast Guard photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Patrick Kelley of Deepwater Horizon Flaring Operation , posted by DVIDSHUB
Matthew Stevenson is the author of Remembering the Twentieth Century Limited , winner of Foreword ’s bronze award for best travel essays at this year 's BEA .
He is also editor of Rules of the Game : The Best Sports Writing from Harper 's Magazine .
He lives in Switzerland .
The Horton Plains slender loris ( Loris tardigradus nycticeboides , thought extinct by researchers for over six decades , has finally posed for a photograph .
This small nocturnal primate lives in the surviving montane tropical forest of Sri Lanka .
The species was photographed during a recent expedition by the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) ’s EDGE program in conjunction with Sri Lankan researchers .
“ The discovery improves our knowledge of this species , but we need to focus our efforts on the conservation and restoration of the remaining montane forest where this species still exists .
Currently this accounts for less than one percent of the land area of Sri Lanka , ” says Conservation Biologist Dr. Craig Turner from ZSL .
First photo ever of the Horton Plains slender loris : an eight inch tall male .
Full photo below .
Photo courtesy of ZSL .
A subspecies of the red slender loris ( Loris tardigradus , the Horton plains slender loris is classified by the IUCN Red List as Endangered .
The species is threatened by habitat loss , as well as hunting .
Researchers recommend that fragmented forests need to be reconnected in order for Sri Lanka ’s lorises to avoid extinction .
EDGE , which is currently focusing on the species , has placed the red slender loris number 22 in terms of endangerment and evolutionary distinctness for the world ’s mammals .
Given its elusive nature — the subspecies has been seen only four times since 1937 — researchers spent over 200 hours searching for it .
“ Nearly 1,000 nocturnal surveys have been completed in 120 different forest areas looking for all loris species to assess their status , ecological needs and current threats , ” adds research leader Saman Gamage .
Researchers believe the Horton Plains slender loris has evolved shorter and tougher limbs for surviving in the montane forest climate .
“ We are now conducting further studies to establish whether the Horton Plains slender loris could even be a species in its own right , ” Gamage says .
Lorises are considered prosimian primates , making them more closely related to lemurs than monkeys or apes .
Slender lorises are found in Sir Lanka and southern India , while the larger slow lorises are found across Southeast Asia .
Full photo of Horton Plains slender loris .
Photo courtesy of : ZSL .
Related articles
Sri Lanka ’s rainforests fast - disappearing but hope remains
( 11/07/2006 ) Sri Lanka , an island off the southern - most point of India , is known as a global biodiversity hotspot for its high number of species in a relatively limited area .
However this biological richness is highly threatened by one of the highest deforestation rates of primary forests in the world .
In that period , the country lost more than 35 percent of its old - growth forest cover , while total forest cover was diminished by almost 18 percent .
Worse , since the close of the 1990s , deforestation rates have increased by more than 25 percent .
Dr Ranil Senanayake , chairman of Rainforest Rescue International , a grassroots environmental organization based in Sri Lanka , says that the key to saving the island ’s last forests is to “ reintroduce the concept of sustainable livelihood ” to the people living in and around the island ’s rainforests by establishing “ commercially viable projects that explore the social and cultural relationships between people and ecology . ”
YouTube videos may be imperiling cuddly primate
( 02/24/2009 ) Many “ cute ” and “ cuddly ” species have gained attention and funds from conservation groups , since the public gravitates toward such attractive species .
In fact , cuteness can sometimes mean the difference between conservation attention and extinction .
However , for slow lorises being cute may be their downfall .
Despite the fact that owning a slow loris as a pet or trading it is illegal in all range countries and “ all countries where primates as pets are illegal , ” the species is still heavily trafficked , says Dr. Anna Nekaris , an anthropologist who specializes in slow - loris research at Oxford Brookes University .
During the past few years videos of pet slow lorises have begun to appear on YouTube .
Such videos often include comments from users who push misinformation about the slow loris ’s legality and aptitude as pets , raising concerns among conservationists that the videos encourage people to actively pursue the slow loris as a pet .
Cuddly primate trade banned
( 06/11/2007 ) CITES delegates agreed to a total ban on trade in the slow loris , a Southeast Asian primate commonly trafficked for the pet trade .
Environmental groups welcomed the move .
Astronomers say colossal star known as R136a1 is more than 265 times more massive than the sun
Astronomers say they have discovered the most colossal star on record , in a region of space known as the Tarantula nebula in a neighbouring galaxy to our own .
The record - breaking star has a mass 265 times greater than the sun and is millions of times brighter , they said .
The discovery has astonished scientists , who thought it was impossible for stars to exceed more than 150 times the mass of the sun .
When the star was born it could have been more than twice as massive .
Because it is so far away – about 165,000 light - years – it can only be seen with the use of powerful telescopes in the southern hemisphere .
If the star , known as R136a1 , took the place of the sun in our solar system , its gravitational attraction would pull our planet in so close that the length of an " Earth year " would shrink to three weeks .
" It would bathe the Earth with incredibly intense ultraviolet radiation , rendering life on our planet impossible , " said Raphael Hirschi , a researcher at Keele University .
A team led by Paul Crowther , an astrophysicist at Sheffield University , used the Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) in the Atacama desert of northern Chile and archival material from the Hubble space telescope to study two young clusters of stars called NGC 3603 and RMC 136a .
The first group of stars , NGC 3603 , lies about 22,000 light - years away , while stars in the RMC136a cluster are in a neighbouring galaxy called the Large Magellanic Cloud .
The astronomers found a clutch of monster stars , including several that are tens of times larger than the sun and several million times brighter .
Some have surface temperatures of more than 40,000C – seven times hotter than our own sun .
These enormous stars churn out vast quantities of material , and , close up , would look fuzzy compared with the sun .
" Unlike humans , these stars are born heavy and lose weight as they age , " said Crowther .
" Being a little over a million years old , the most extreme star , R136a1 , is already ' middle - aged ' and has undergone an intense weight - loss programme , shedding a fifth of its initial mass over that time , or more than 50 solar masses . "
Such heavyweight stars are extremely rare , forming only within the densest star clusters .
Distinguishing the individual stars was made possible by the use of infra-red instruments on the telescope .
" Owing to the rarity of these monsters I think it is unlikely that this new record will be broken any time soon , " said Crowther .
A short but intense life
Lightweight stars , such as our sun , live a long and quiet life .
Massive stars , on the other hand , are very rare , and have a short but intense existence before exploding as supernovas .
Star R136a1 , discovered thousands of light years away from the solar system , the most massive star found to date .
It has a mass about 265 times that of our own sun and would have been over 320 solar masses when it was born a million or so years ago .
R136a1 has now overtaken the likes of Eta Carinae and the Pistol Star as the most massive and luminous known star in existence .
Like these other giants it has a large radius for its mass and surface temperature , over 40,000C .
Its brightness is hundreds of thousands of times greater than that of the sun .
While still a young star , R136 a1 's size eclipses other categories : red dwarfs , which weigh in at about 0.1 solar masses , low - mass yellow dwarfs such as the sun , and massive blue dwarf stars weighing eight times more than the sun .
Jason Rodrigues
Photoshop CS6 wish list
Forget about big - ticket features .
What Photoshop needs is some finely tuned , pixel accurate love .
This is my Photoshop CS6 wish list .
If you have something you think might be worthy , please @me ( if I add it , I ’ll credit you ) .
This list exists because I use Photoshop 10 + hours a day , every day and I care about the future of the application .
I ’ll send the list to John Nack in the next few days .
Hopefully Adobe find the information useful .
Who knows , they may even implement some of the suggestions .
Update : John has responded and the Photoshop team have seen the list .
He ’s been great to deal with and it seems that they ’re taking the suggestions seriously .
I ’ll keep everyone posted on any progress .
Update on March 24 , 2012 : Photoshop CS6 beta has been released , and a lot of the suggestions below made it into the release .
For a full rundown , please read our Photoshop CS6 improvements article .
Searchable layers #
It ’s quite common for web , desktop and mobile app user interface Photoshop documents to contain a lot of layers .
I have some documents here with well over 1000 layers , and I do n’t think I ’m alone ( I have groups for each state of the app ) .
It ’d be great to be able to filter the layers palette .
Editable roundrect radius during and after drawing #
Illustrator allows realtime tweaking of the corner radius while drawing , using the arrow keys .
Drawing a roundrect in Photoshop is a trial and error affair .
Please fix this .
It ’d be even better if the roundrect ’s corner radius remained editable after drawing .
Allowing a different corner radius for each corner would be the icing on the cake .
How important are roundrects to UI design ?
Very .
Rotating 90° glitch #
Rotating a bitmap layer by 90 degrees produces great results when the source layer is an even by even amount of pixels , or odd by odd amount .
Rotating a layer that ’s odd by even or even by odd gets hit with the funky stick , probably due to the origin of rotation not falling on the pixel boundary intersection or exactly in the centre of a pixel .
The workaround is to place a stray pixel somewhere on the layer to make the overall size even by even or odd by odd , then rotate and delete the pixel after .
It ’d be nice if Photoshop handled this better .
Reorderable and multiple Layer Styles #
Most designers I know try to use a combination of vector shapes and Layer Styles as often as possible .
Doing so makes elements more reusable , editable and scalable .
A well constructed iOS design should be able to scale to 2× for the iPhone 4 ’s Retina display , with minimal tweaks .
A little more control over Layer Style order ( especially Color , Gradient , Pattern ) and being able to double up on certain effects would be most welcome .
I find myself wanting double drop shadows and double strokes all the time .
Gradient Layer Style dithering #
Gradient Layer Styles are incredibly handy , but ca n’t be dithered , meaning they ’re often lower quality than their Gradient tool counterpart .
While not a big deal in most cases , subtle gradients can benefit from dithering .
A lot of web and app UI elements contain subtle gradients .
Noise slider in Color Layer Style #
It ’s common to add a small amount of noise to add texture to a surface .
There are other ways to solve this problem , but an additional noise slider in the Color Layer Style would be handy .
Please note that this feature would n’t be as crucial if Layer Style reordering was possible , because the Pattern Layer Style could be used for adding noise and texture .
Command - J to dupe layers and layer groups #
Command - J duplicates the entire current layer , or a portion of the current layer , if there ’s a selection .
It ’s a great feature , and one I use daily .
For some strange reason , Command - J does n’t do anything when there ’s two layers or a layer group selected .
Why ?
I realise there ’s probably a decent technical reason for this , but a context sensitive “ just dupe it ” command would be really handy , even if it ’s actually several different methods behind the scenes .
Is now a good time to mention that the Layer menu already contains an item that does most of these things , but it does n’t have a keyboard shortcut by default ?
Pre-emptive strike : Assigning a keyboard shortcut would n’t help , as the menu item does n’t duplicate selections within a layer ( Command - J does ) .
Default global angle of 90° #
Stop the nonsense .
120° is no good to anyone .
Being able to save Layer Style defaults helped , but the global angle is still 120° for new documents .
I do n’t know anyone who regularly uses anything other than 90° as their global angle , except Photoshop ’s UI team ( madness ! ) .
Pre-emptive strike :
No , it wo n’t break old documents , as we ’re only talking about new document defaults .
I do n’t think this should be added as an option , the default should just be 90° .
Snide remarks aside , any way of changing the default to 90° would be welcomed .
Update : Rich Dellinger and a few others have pointed out that it ’s possible to set a default angle by choosing Layer > Layer Style > Global Light with no documents open .
It ’s times like these I love being wrong .
Vector shape editing nudge snap to pixel #
Nudge a layer and it moves in single pixel increments .
Nudge a group and it moves in single pixel increments .
Nudge a point on a vector path and it moves in sub-pixel increments .
Very frustrating , as a lot of a designer ’s time is spent nudging elements around until a final layout is achieved .
I understand why sub - pixel increments would be desirable sometimes , but pixel - aligned nudges are what I ’m after most of the time .
Please note that I ’m asking for an option , not for the default behaviour to be changed .
Alex T Gordon suggested a workaround using snap to grid .
That certainly helps .
You can also zoom to 100 % and nudge .
Circle vector shape snap to pixel #
Drawing a pixel - accurate vector circle in Photoshop is actually quite difficult .
The best method I know is :
Work out the correct size , zoom to 100 % , draw the circle while keeping a close eye on the info palette so it ’s the size you need , then zoom back in to position ( zooming to 100 % ensures the circle ’s path is pixel aligned ) .
If circles could snap to pixel , then I would n’t have zoom out to create a well formed object .
It ’s only a minor inconvenience , but if you draw enough circles , the frustration builds .
Adam Betts suggests using a roundrect with a large corner radius as a vector circle replacement — a good suggestion as a workaround and the results seem identical .
Smarter layer names when merging #
When merging layers , the top layer ’s name is used for the result .
It would be really nice if the topmost layer with a non -“ Layer n ” ( where n is a number ) name was used , keeping the topmost user - entered layer name .
As it stands today , merging layers usually requires retyping in the layer name straight afterwards .
Movable
Pen tool anchor points while drawing #
In Illustrator , it ’s possible to move a bezier point as it ’s being created .
To do this , click and drag to create the bezier point , then hold space to move the anchor while the mouse button is still down .
Photoshop ’s
Pen tool ca n’t do this .
Suggested by Ney Ricardo .
Modal windows stop documents from opening #
If a document is dragged from the Finder to Photoshop ’s Dock icon , the document wo n’t open if a modal window — like the color picker — is open .
The best solution seems to be not having any modal windows , or less of them .
Suggested by Dane Thomas .
Change blending mode for multiple layers at once #
Currently , it ’s possible to change the opacity of multiple layers at once .
It ’d be great if we could change the blending mode of all selected layers as well .
Suggested by Alex Solonsky .
PVR image format support #
PowerVR images are commonplace in OpenGL projects and games .
It ’d be great to have PVR support in Save For Web & Devices .
Saving as PNG then converting using another tool is n’t as quick or nice as directly exporting images from Photoshop .
If PVR is added , it would be important to support all the various compression modes .
The surprise South Carolina Democratic nominee for U.S. Senate has turned down a request from the state party boss to step down .
Alvin Greene , a relative unknown , shocked Democrats in the Palmetto State on Tuesday night by winning the chance to face Sen.
Jim DeMint , a Republican , this fall with a commanding victory over state lawmaker Vick Rawl in the Democratic primary .
South Carolina Democratic Party Chair Carol Fowler on Wednesday asked Greene to withdraw from the race for U.S. Senate because of recently revealed court records which show the 32 - year - old unemployed veteran was arrested last November in Columbia , S.C. , for allegedly showing obscene photos to a college student .
However , Greene told Fox News he has no intention of ending his campaign .
" The Democratic Party has chosen their nominee with over 60 percent , and we have to stand behind their choice , " Greene said during a telephone interview from his home in Manning , S.C. " We need to be about the issues .
We need to be pro-South Carolina , not anti-Greene . "
Fowler pressed Greene in a statement released earlier Wednesday to get out of the race .
" Today , I spoke with Alvin Greene , the presumptive Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate , and asked him to withdraw from the race , " Fowler said .
" I did not do this lightly , as I believe strongly that the Democratic voters of this state have the right to select our nominee .
But this new information about Mr. Greene would certainly have affected the decisions of many of those voters . "
Other staffers at the state party are baffled at Greene 's win .
" As far as we know he has done no campaigning , " state party spokesperson Keiana Page said .
" We have no idea how he won . "
Greene told Fox News he has never run for public office before , has no staffers and ran the campaign entirely on his own .
Greene is also being shunned by national Democrats , telling Fox News that neither the Democratic National Committee nor the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee have contacted him in the wake of his big win .
National party officials did n't return calls Wednesday evening seeking comment for this story .
Court records indicate that last November , Greene allegedly showed graphic photos to a woman at the University of South Carolina and tried to follow her to her dorm room .
He was charged with " disseminating , procuring or promoting obscenity . "
When asked about the allegations , Greene said , " I have no comment on that other , that negative story ... I want this to be about the issues . "
On the issues , Greene says his platform will be about employment .
" I want to put South Carolina back to work , I know about being unemployed . "
Greene also says he is a supporter of the Democrats ' national health care agenda and the economic stimulus packages .
But as for how he would have voted on TARP , or the Troubled Asset Relief Program , Greene was undecided .
" TARP ?
What 's that ? " he asked .
After a moment he added , " I 'll have to look into that and get back to you . "
Greene says he wants foreign policy to be a part of his candidacy -- as a specialist in the Army , he was stationed in Korea for a year .
" I think there should be one Korea under a democracy , done peacefully , " he said .
Greene said that could best be accomplished by " diplomatic efforts . "
" It would be good for the economy of the nation and South Carolina and our allies , " he said .
When asked what he thought of the latest events surrounding Iran and the United Nations , Greene seemed to stumble .
" I think how we 're going about , what we 're doing is OK , I think ...
Look , I have someone beeping on the other line , I have to move on ... I 'm exhausted , " he said .
Greene also said he was eager to square off with Sen.
DeMint in a debate , preferably in September .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Security forces have arrested members of a Hamas terror cell in connection with the slaying of a veteran police officer during an ambush on his van in the West Bank last month .
News of the arrests was released for publication on Monday .
Several bullets struck the vehicle during the June 14 attack on Route 60 in the South Hebron Hills , piercing windows and claiming the life of F.- Sgt.
Yehoshua “ Shuki ” Sofer , 39 , who served in the Hebron police sub - district for 14 years and was shortly due to be married .
Two officers were wounded in the attack .
A week later , an intelligence tip enabled the Shin Bet ( Israel Security Agency ) , the IDF and Judea and Samaria Police to jointly arrest a number of Hamas operatives in their twenties from the village of Dir Zamat .
Some had already served prison sentences in Israel for Hamasrelated activity .
Two weeks before the attack , a leader of the cell accompanied his daughter to Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital in Jerusalem , where she underwent surgery to remove an eye tumor .
The surgery was funded by an Israeli aid organization .
On Monday afternoon , Sofer ’s parents and other relatives were invited to the headquarters of the Hebron sub - district police in Kiryat Arba , where its commander , Dep. - Cmdr .
Yitzhak Haim Rahamim , handed them their son ’s sidearm .
“ This is in memory of a dear , beloved officer , ” Rahamim said , as he gave the weapon to Yossi Sofer , the slain officer ’s father .
“ I would like to emphasize that we will not be deterred from continuing to fulfill our duties in Judea and Samaria , ” he added .
After the ceremony , Sofer said his son “ loved the police with all his heart and soul . ” “ Driving here revealed how dangerous the route is , ” he continued , referring to the road on which the attack took place .
“ Anything can jump out at you .
There can be no comparing police service here with service in the center of the country .
” Police have set up a memorial corner in the station , with photographs of the slain policeman .
The Shin Bet revealed that several years ago , the arrested operatives had established a terror cell that stockpiled weapons and hid them in nearby hills .
Among the weapons found were three Kalashnikov assault rifles that were used in the Route 60 attack .
IDF sources said Hamas was continuing to try to reestablish its terror infrastructure in the West Bank but was encountering difficulties due to continued IDF operations and increased activity by Palestinian Authority security forces .
The cell members held training sessions throughout 2009 and had considered kidnapping or killing Israeli civilians or security personnel before targeting the police van , which was making its way from Beersheba to Jerusalem , as it did each morning , Rahamim told journalists during a briefing held outside the police station .
“ It was a four - man cell , with three gunmen and a lookout , ” he said .
The cell laid an ambush and at 7:15 , as the vehicle approached the village of Dir Razah , three members opened fire , killing Sofer .
The group then fled the scene .
Later , they set their car on fire and hid their weapons , using a second vehicle to flee to a neighboring village .
During the investigation , the men led security forces to their weapon cache and reenacted the shooting .
The group had planned to carry out additional attacks , including the kidnapping of Israeli citizens or soldiers .
Its members carried out a number of surveillance missions in the Gush Etzion settlement bloc and purchased kippot and a wig , which they had planned to use as disguises in coming attacks , security forces said .
Rahamim said police would work with the IDF to reexamine routes used by police vehicles , and stressed that the IDF had final say on such matters .
He said the army would also have final say on whether to introduce armored police vehicles to the area .
“ Hamas attempts to send its terrorist claws to every corner , ” Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch said on Monday .
The minister added that he had vowed to Yossi Sofer after the shooting that security forces would spare no effort in capturing those responsible .
“ The Israel Police will continue to meet its challenges and bring terrorists to justice , ” Aharonovitch said .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
An Experiment in Cheap Living
Earlier this week , I shared some of the highlights from three years of GRS articles about saving money on food .
Brett from The Art of Manliness , who knows that I collect old self - help books , sent me an excerpt from Dio Lewis 's 1872 volume , Our Digestion , or , My Jolly Friend 's Secret .
Here Lewis describes his “ experiment in cheap living ” , during which he spends just 54 - 1 / 4 cents for a week of food .
This makes for some amusing reading .
Enjoy !
It is now Saturday afternoon , and I will tell you in confidence , my dear reader , a little of my personal , private experience during the past week .
On Sunday morning last , I thought I would try for a week the experiment of living cheaply .
Sunday breakfast , hulled Southern corn , with a little milk .
My breakfast cost three cents .
I took exactly the same thing for dinner .
Food for the day , six cents .
I never take any supper .
Monday breakfast , two cents ' worth of oatmeal , in the form of porridge , with one cent 's worth of milk .
For dinner , two cents ' worth of whole wheat , boiled , with one cent 's worth of milk .
Food for Monday , six cents .
Tuesday breakfast , two cents ' worth of beans , with half a cent 's worth of vinegar .
For dinner , one quart of rich bean porridge , worth one cent , with four slices of coarse bread , worth two cents .
Food for Tuesday , five and a half cents .
Wednesday breakfast , hominy made of Southern corn ( perhaps the best of all food for laboring men in hot weather ) , two cents ' worth , with one cent 's worth of syrup .
For a dinner a splendid beef stew , the meat of which cost two cents .
A little extravagant , you see .
But then , you know , “ a short life and a merry one . ”
Perhaps you do n't believe that the meat was purchased for two cents ?
But it was , though .
The fact is , that from an ox weighing eight hundred pounds nett you can purchase certain parts weighing about one hundred pounds , for three cents per pound .
Two - thirds of a pound made more stew than I could eat .
There was really enough for two of us .
But then , you know how careless and reckless we Americans are in regard to our table expenses , always getting twice as much as we need .
I must not forget to say that these coarse , cheap portions of the animal are the best for a stew .
The very genius of waste seems to have taken possession of me on that fatal day .
I poured into my stew all at once , slap - dab , a quarter of a cent 's worth of Leicestershire sauce , and as if to show that it never rains but it pours , I closed that gluttonous scene by devouring a cent 's worth of hominy pudding .
Food for Wednesday , eight and a quarter cents .
The gross excess of Wednesday led to a very moderate Thursday breakfast , which consisted of oatmeal porridge and milk , costing about two and a half cents .
For dinner , cracked wheat and baked beans , two cents ' worth of each , milk , one cent 's worth .
Food for Thursday cost seven and a half cents .
Friday breakfast , Southern hulled corn and milk , costing three cents .
For dinner , another of those gormandic surfeits which so disgraced the history of Wednesday .
Expenses for the day , eight and a quarter cents .
This morning when I went to the table I said to myself , “ What 's the use of this economy ? ” and I made up my mind that for this day , at least , I would sink all moral restraints , and give up the reins to appetite .
I have no apology or defence for what followed .
Saturday breakfast , I began with one cent 's worth of oatmeal porridge , with a teaspoonful of sugar worth a quarter of a cent .
Then followed a cent 's worth of cracked wheat , with half a cent 's worth of milk .
Then the breakfast closed with two cents ' worth of milk and one cent 's worth of rye and Indian bread .
For dinner I ate half a small lobster , which cost three cents , with one cent 's worth of coarse bread and one cent 's worth of hominy salad , and closed with two cents ' worth of cracked wheat and milk .
Cost of the day 's food , twelve and three - quarter cents .
In all of these statements only the cost of material is given .
Cost for the week , fifty - four and a quarter cents .
Of course I do n't pretend that everybody can live in this luxurious way .
It is n't everybody that can afford it .
I could have lived just as well , so far as health and strength are concerned , on half the money .
Besides , on three days I ate too much altogether , and suffered from thirst and dullness .
But then I may plead that I work very hard , and really need a good deal more food than idlers .
Not only have I written forty odd pages of this book during the week , but I have done a large amount of hard muscular labor .
By the way , I weighed myself at the beginning of the week , and found it was just two hundred and twelve pounds .
Since dinner today I weighed again and found that I balanced two hundred and twelve and a half pounds , although it has been a week of warm weather , and I have had unusual demands for exertion of various kinds .
But let me feed a family of ten instead of one person , and I will give them the highest health and strength upon a diet which will cost here in Boston not more than two dollars for the ten persons for a week .
Let me transfer my experiment to the Far West , where wheat , corn , oats and beef are so cheap , and the cost of feeding my family of ten would be so ridiculous that I dare not mention it lest you laugh at me .
And so far from my family group being one of ghosts or skeletons , I will engage that they shall be plumper and stronger , healthier and happier , with clearer skins , brighter eyes , sweeter breaths , whiter teeth , and , in addition , that they shall live longer than your Delmonico diners , each of whom spends enough at a single dinner to feed my family of ten for a week .
And last , but not least , they shall enjoy their meals vastly more than your Delmonico diners .
View Transcript
Transcript
Coworker says , " Would you like my opinion on how you should handle that ? "
Dilbert says , " Sure , I 'll just try to ignore the fact that your entire career has been a colorful tapestry of bad decisions . "
Coworker says , " So? yes ? "
Dilbert says , " I admire your consistency . "
Al Behrman / AP
2010-07-17 09:41:00 PDT
--
East Oakland will likely soon see its first national grocery outlet in the area in over 20 years , according to the city 's Community and Economic Development Agency .
Kroger , the nation 's largest traditional grocery retailer , is poised to open two grocery stores in underserved areas of East Oakland at 66th Avenue and San Leandro Street and at Foothill Square Shopping Center at 10700 MacArthur Blvd. , according to the Economic Development Agency .
Lemurion eReader
Posts : 2,745 Karma : 4968470 Join Date : Aug 2007 Device : Note 5 ; PW3 ; Nook HD+ ; ChuWi Hi12 ; iPad
Quote : =X= Originally Posted by Google had made it clear that they do not control nor have any desire to control what apps can be loaded on your phone [ 1 ] .
They do control the Google Market but do allow other markets to exist .
There are many develoeprs / vendors such as Gameloft and such do allow users to directly downloads of their apps .
However some phone vendors like Verizon do not allow users to install apps that are not from the Android Market .
( emphasis mine , L )
[ 1 ]
Okay there was on big brother incident that happens a few days ago , but for some reason this did not make big news , maybe Google has great PR or maybe folks tend to be more forgiving towards company X vs company Y. : srug :
All you have to do is tick the little checkbox to authorize installing non-market apps .
I have a Droid from Verizon and have had no problems installing non-market apps .
I downloaded B&N 's ereader app direct from their site on my Droid and it installed just fine , and I have also been able do download .apk files on my computer and transfer them to the SD card to install .
All you have to do is tick the little checkbox to authorize installing non-market apps .
Posted by Mark Iocchelli Filed Under : Learn to Run
Welcome to the Complete Running Network 100 Beginner Running Tips .
This first top 100 post is the CRN teams first group writing project — everyone chipped in to come up with the list .
We hope you like it and that it becomes a place you refer to often .
Do you have tips that should be on this list ?
Feel free to comment below !
Apparel Tips
Wear spandex shorts under your regular running shorts so you do n’t chafe “ down there . ”
Cotton socks will only lead to blisters ; invest in socks designed for running .
Ladies , do not skimp on a bra .
Even if it costs more than your shoes it ’s still a bargain .
Buy running clothes you look good in and that will motivate you to run .
Buy new running clothes at the end of the season when stores dump the old season ’s line .
Think clearance !
Community Join your local running club — check with your local running store fitness center and / or recreation department to find one .
Volunteer at a local race — meet runners support runners and connect with your Community .
Manners Remember to say “ Thank You ! ” to race volunteers ( e.g. when you get that cup of water at the aid station ) and family and friends who support you .
Conscientiously share the trail with walkers , bikers and other runners .
Always try to balance running with the people you love by making a schedule that involves and is considerate of everyone .
Do n’t carry loose change .
It will annoy those who are running with you .
Do n’t neglect and irritate your family and friends by spending all your time running and talking about running .
Motivation Tips Sign up for a race as soon as you feel up to it .
Find a committed running partner .
It is much harder to skip a run when you have someone else depending on you .
Remember that you will have plateaus in your progress and tough days along the way .
It gets easier .
Accept and appreciate the fact that not every single run can be a good one .
Be prepared to remove the words “ can’t ” and “ never ” from your vocabulary .
“ Do not compare yourself to others .
Run within yourself and for yourself first .
Do n’t expect every run to be better than the last one ; some of them will hurt .
Do n’t think too much about it or you wo n’t do it .
Even a bad run is better then no run at all .
If you normally run with music try skipping it and listening to your feet to hear your pace and your gait .
Do n’t be discouraged if you do n’t experience weight loss immediately .
Start a running blog and read other running blogs regularly .
Running is not an excuse to triple your intake of doughnuts because runners gain weight too .
Nutrition Tips
Buy the powdered sports drink mix instead of premixed .
It ’s cheaper and more similar to race drink mixes .
Each pound you lose makes running a little easier .
Hydrate .
Make it a habit to drink water throughout the day .
If you are running very long distance drink enough electrolytes ( e.g. Gatorade ) .
On long runs eat something every hour — whether you feel like it or not .
During longer runs if you do n’t like to carry water take some cash in your pocket pouch or a shoe wallet .
Run a route where there ’s a corner store that you can use as a pit stop to pick up your water and maybe use the bathroom .
Avoid eating spicy foods before running and the night before your long runs .
To aid recovery the most crucial time to eat and drink is in the hour immediately after you run .
Prevention Tips Use Vaseline or BodyGlide wherever things rub .
They will help prevent blisters and chafing ( guys do n’t forget the nipples ) .
Do not increase your mileage more than 10 percent per week .
Guys : Band - Aids before the long runs .
Your nipples will thank you in the shower afterwards .
Log your mileage for your legs and your Shoes .
Too much on either will cause you injury .
If you are prone to shin splints and lower leg pain try running soft trails for your Training runs and save the asphalt for race day .
Do not run two hard days back - to - back .
Ice aches and pains immediately .
Pay attention to your form .
Try to run lightly to minimize impact that could lead to injury .
Cut your Training by at least 30 percent to 50 percent every 4th or 5th week for recovery .
When trail running do n’t forget the bug spray .
Neosporin ( or another antibiotic cream ) is good for chafed areas ( if you did n’t use your BodyGlide ! ) .
Make sure you cut your toenails short enough so they do n’t jam into your Shoes !
Put some BodyGlide between your toes on long runs .
Be careful about running on paths that force you to run consistently on a slant .
It ’s hard on the hips knees and IT bands .
Do n’t stretch before a run .
Warm up by walking briskly or jogging slowly for several minutes .
Do not ice for more than 20 minutes at a time .
Do not use the hot tub after a race .
It will increase inflammation and hinder healing .
Frozen peas make a great ice pack for aches and pains .
A thin t- towel wrapped around them makes the cold more comfortable .
Racing Tips
Race day is not the day to try new shoes , eat new foods , or wear brand new clothing .
Do not try a marathon as your first race .
For races longer than 5 k start out slower than you think you should .
If you conserve your energy during the first half of a race , you can finish strong .
When you pick up drinking cups at aid stations , squeeze gently so it folds slightly and is easier to drink from it while you are moving .
A plastic garbage on race day is a very fashionable cheap disposable raincoat .
Safety Tips
Be aware of cyclists approaching you from behind and try to keep to the right .
Try to pay special attention when running with music .
Run facing traffic .
Never assume a car sees you .
Give horses wide berths on trails and walk as you pass them unless you enjoy a hoof to the melon .
Always carry I.D. because you just never know .
Shoe Tips
Try shoes on in the afternoon when your feet are bigger .
Doubleknot your shoe laces so they will not come undone when you run .
Buy yourself some actual running shoes from an actual running store because running in junk “ sneakers ” will destroy your feet and your legs .
Get assessed for the right kind of running shoes .
Training Tips
In the immortal words of Walt Stack famed senior - citizen distance runner “ Start slow … and taper . ”
At first keep your runs short and slow to avoid injury and soreness so you do not quit .
If you are breathing too hard slow down or walk a bit until you feel comfortable again .
Pick your route close to home ( out your front door ) — the more convenient it is the better chance you will have sticking with it .
Find a beginner training plan for your first race .
Set realistic short term and long term goals .
Keep a training diary .
Soreness one to two days after a run is normal ( delayed onset muscle soreness ) .
No amount of money spent on gadget training programs or funny food can substitute for minutes , hours , days and weeks on the road .
There ’s no shame in walking .
Subscribe to a running magazine or pick up a book or two on running .
Four laps around the local the high school track equals one mile .
Lift weights .
It ’s okay to take walk breaks ( run 1 minute walk 1 minute then progress to run 10 minutes walk 1 minute etc. ) .
Vary your training routes .
This will prevent boredom and prevent your body from getting acclimated .
Speed work does n’t have to be scientific .
Try racing to one light post and then jogging to the next .
Push through rough spots by focusing on the sounds of your breath and feet touching the ground .
Do speedwork after you develop an endurance base .
Practice running harder in the last half of your runs .
Do abdominal breathing to get rid of side cramps or “ stitches . ”
If you ca n’t find the time to run , take your running gear to work .
Run on trails if at all possible .
It will be easier on your body and you ’ll love it .
Build rest into your schedule .
Rest is just as important of an element as exercise in your fitness plan .
Forgive yourself .
Over-ambitious goals usually lead to frustration and giving up on your fitness plan .
If you miss a goal or milestone let it go and focus on the next opportunity to get it .
Mix - up your training plan .
Make sure your training plan is not too heavily focused on one thing .
No matter what level of runner you are your training plan should include four essential elements : endurance speed rest cross-training .
[ ad#inPost - Big ]
Weather Tips Dress as if it is 10 degrees warmer than the temperature on the thermometer .
Wear sunscreen and a hat when the sun is beating down — even in winter .
Run early in the morning or later in evening to avoid mid-day heat .
Pick up a pair of Yaktrax when running in icey conditions .
In the winter dress in layers ( coolmax or other technical clothing ) and wear a headband over your running hat to cover your ears .
For colder climates invest in socks rated to 40 below ( usually found in sport / ski shops ) .
To keep cool in hot weather soak a bandana in cold water wring it out a bit and tie it loosely around your neck .
For hot weather fill your water bottle about half way lay it at an angle in the freezer and just before you head out for your run top it off with more water .
About Mark Iocchelli
Also known as the " Running Blogfather " , I 'm a 40 - something marathoner who has beaten stress fractures and terrible shin splints .
Now I 'm running double the mileage with no pain - and I 'm getting faster .
I love to talk about running form and Arthur Lydiard .
I also enjoy taking photographs , have a beautiful ( and very patient ! ) wife , and am the proud father of two crazy kids .
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments about the site .
Been wondering why you had not seen the Droid Incredible OTA update we were reporting on over the weekend ?
According to a BGR source , HTC is adding Android 2.2 to the package and plans to release it by the end of July or the beginning of August .
Yes , you just read that correctly .
Here is the tip and what the update will include …
We are targeting the end of the month / first part of August .
As a reminder , below are the highlights : Froyo
802.11 n
3G Mobile Hot Spot
HTC Widget : Email
HTC Widget : News
EAS Updates
720 p Video Recording
Amazon MP3
Skype
My Verizon
We had been hearing “ end of 2010 ” from HTC in recent weeks , so this news comes as quite the huge surprise .
This would be one of those rumors we are crossing every finger and toe on .
Excited DI owners ?
Source : BGR
Cheers Stan !
If David Cameron is feeling a tad frustrated by the lack of progress in the Middle East – breaking with usual diplomatese during a visit to Turkey todayto brand Gaza a " prison camp " – then he is not the only one .
" Everything is stuck , " sighs Jamal Zahalka , a Palestinian member of the Israeli parliament on a visit to London .
The small Arab nationalist party he leads is formally committed to the two - state solution which would see a Palestinian state alongside Israel , but he sees no prospect of it .
Those in charge are interested only in " conflict management , not resolution " , he says .
Talk of two states lives on in the seminar room , but it is not on any horizon visible in the real world .
I 'm told the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , is " on the verge " of giving up on the two - state approach he has believed in since the 70s .
And there are plenty of Israeli Jews who share that pessimism .
So it 's hardly surprising that people are searching for other answers , even lighting upon an idea long confined to the margins , advocated only by extremists and dreamers : the " one- state solution . "
This holds that the two warring peoples should not live in two separate entities , with separate flags and governments , but as citizens of a single state .
Jews and Arabs would no longer face each other anywhere as occupier and occupied , as they do now .
They would live side by side , in a shared country .
But here 's the twist .
This vision comes not from diehard Arab rejectionists , who refuse to countenance any arrangement which allows for a distinct Jewish state , nor from old - school student lefties from the 80s , once tireless in their advocacy of a " sec dem " – as in secular , democratic – state .
No , the new advocates of the one - state solution are the Israeli nationalist right , including several luminaries of the settlers ' movement .
The most prominent to break cover was Moshe Arens , who served as both foreign and defence minister in the Begin - Shamir era two decades ago .
He wrote last month that it was time for Israel to look at " another option " , one that would see a single state on the land that is now Israel and the West Bank .
The Palestinians who live there would , wrote Arens , no longer be a people under occupation but full citizens .
As Haaretz has reported , its editorial jaw dropping , the former minister has been joined by an array of rightist eminences , including a founder of the settlers ' organisation , Gush Emunim , a former chief of staff to Binyamin Netanyahu , a senior Likud member of the Knesset , and the parliament 's current speaker .
To understand quite how taboo - busting this is , recall the case of the scholar Tony Judt .
In 2003 he too floated the notion of a single state to be shared by both Arabs and Jews .
Judt 's essay was instantly denounced as anti-Zionist heresy ; among many Israel supporters he was rapidly ostracised .
Thereafter Judt was identified as firmly on the radical left of the Israel - Palestine debate .
Yet now those same thoughts are aired on the radical right .
For all that , it is not so hard to see why this once forbidden notion now appeals to Israel 's nationalist camp .
The two - state solution may be conventional wisdom across the globe , endorsed by almost all democratic governments , but for settlers and their allies the very idea reeks of trauma : any division of the land is assumed to entail the dismantling of the towns and villages they call home .
For the devout , this means leaving places they regard as part of the ancient biblical homeland .
Some threaten armed resistance ; rightwing soldiers warn they will refuse any order to evacuate settlements .
But if there 's a single state , all that trauma can be avoided .
" It 's preferable for the Palestinians to become citizens of the state than for us to divide the country , " says Knesset speaker and Likud MK Reuben Rivlin .
What 's more , there would be no place for the current wall , or separation barrier , that some rightists believe disfigures and artificially divides what should be the sacred , and whole , Land of Israel .
How has the right come to this new realisation ?
In a word : Gaza .
Before Israel 's 2005 disengagement from the strip , any talk of a single state struck demographic fear into Israeli hearts .
For if Israel were to absorb the Palestinians of both the West Bank and Gaza , their combined number would instantly endanger the country 's Jewish majority : there would soon be numerical parity between Jews and Arabs .
But for Arens et al , that link to Gaza has now been severed , taking its 1.5 million Palestinians off the books , as it were .
That leaves the Palestinians of the West Bank , estimated variously as 1.5 or 2 million , whom Israel could just about absorb .
At first glance , this new direction might look appealing to Palestinians too .
Plenty are sick of waiting for a state that never materialises : why not continue the struggle on a new front , using their strength of numbers at the Israeli ballot box ?
There would be immediate benefits .
Families split by the 1967 battlelines might be unified once more ; Palestinians would have access to jobs and economic opportunities inside Israel .
But they should pause .
For one thing , the rightist one - staters are making no instant promises : the granting of citizenship would , they warn , be " gradual " .
Nor are they offering a truly binational state that would grant equal status to the two nations .
Instead Israel would remain a Jewish state , with West Bank Palestinians offered only the civil rights owed to them as individuals , not any national , collective recognition .
They would be treated much the same way as the 1 million Palestinians who are already citizens of Israel .
Given the long history of discrimination that community has endured , that might not be such an enticing prospect .
When I put the idea to Zahalka 's fellow parliamentarian , Haneen Zoabi , she was adamant : to accept such an offer would amount to surrendering the Palestinian claim of sovereignty over the West Bank .
" We will never give that up , " she said .
Israeli Jews have every reason to be equally sceptical of this one - state talk .
If Zoabi is right that West Bankers will not accept citizenship in a Jewish state , then the alternative is a properly binational entity .
Yet what evidence is there that two peoples who could n't get along well enough to negotiate a divorce will do better in a marriage ?
Support for such an idea is close to zero .
It is hard to see that changing so long as Israelis , and Jews around the world , continue to yearn for the thing that almost every other nation takes for granted : a state of their own .
And yet this development is not to be dismissed out of hand .
The one - staters of the right say they are raising the issue now because the status quo has become intolerable to world opinion , corroding Israel 's legitimacy .
" The international community takes that stance because we are still occupiers , " one Likud MK said .
" There will be greater legitimacy when the occupation ends . "
That the right has finally reached this realisation is good news in itself .
Avraham Burg , a former Labour politician on an ideological journey of his own , says these new noises from the right will put pressure on Netanyahu , forcing him to reach a two - state solution before it 's too late .
" The days of the two - state solution are numbered , " Burg says .
" It 's not there forever , with no expiration date . "
The Israeli right are banking on the assumption that it 's already too late .
It 's up to those who still believe that two states represent the last , best hope for both Israelis and Palestinians to prove them wrong .
• Comments on this article are set to remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
The borough of Brooklyn opens up like a lotus flower when you rent a bike .
When I arrived , I contacted a bicycle store in Bay Ridge that featured hourly and daily rentals , though there was no indication about longer - term rentals ; I was interested in at least a week , with the possibility of extensions .
My Florida - honed sense of decorum and politeness evaporated as I marched the three avenues and one street to the bike shop , and soon I was negotiating a weekly rate with the owner .
Times are hard , I know , and so we both decided they were very appreciative of my business– and I was proud to have negotiated the final rate with my Florida - honed sense of decorum and politeness ; I should be running BP .
The first journey I made on my bicycle was to see my friends Carol and Matt on Carroll Street .
I was always charmed that Carol lived on Carroll Street ; she is an accomplished artist and very humoresque blogger ( see at right ) and the woman I bonded with in art class back in Brooklyn College circa 1976 .
( I was taken with the fact that her art supplies locker in Boylan Hall was boldly labeled CAROL ’S LOCKER !!!!!!! )
She also had braids and an attitude .
Soon we were disco-ing in Manhattan with abandon , and then I moved to Florida ; she still has n’t forgiven me .
When I was a kid living on 72nd .
Street in Bay Ridge , anything below about 39th .
Street was considered off - limits .
There were myriad reasons why , some legit , some not so much ; the fact that there were really ancient neighborhoods out there always intrigued me , and I would bike right to the edge of the perceived danger in those days , with my little Instamatic , and i’m glad I did because I still have all those shots of 1960s - 1970s Brooklyn .
Early on a Saturday morning I biked to Carol and Matt ’s in time for their stoop sale , which is a garage sale for people who do n’t have a garage .
Carol ’s sister Alice arrived with her son Jimmy and THEIR wares , and can I tell you that Alice got a parking space right in front of their building ?
This is virtually impossible ; later on , the neighborhood association presented her with a plaque .
I assisted with the sale under Carol ’s orders , depending as she did on my years in retail merchandising .
I enjoyed the cajoling and kibbitzing with the locals– what ’s so cool about Brooklyn is that everyone on the block knows just about everyone else– and talks to them !
Brooklyn is riddled with architecture , unique among American cities .
I myself am a frustrated architect– I wanted desperately to attend Cooper Union after high school , but my marks were n’t good enough .
So I live vicariously through the designs of the men and women who preceded me .
Here are some of their creations :
The Parachute Jump terrorized a couple of generations of daring beachgoers when it was installed here after its tenure at the 1939 - 1940 New York World ’s Fair .
You ’d sit in a canvas seat , rise a few hundred feet into the air , be brought to the outer edge , and then you ’d plummet to the bottom ; presumably , the chute would open , preventing you from spending the rest of your life looking like a pizza .
I never went on it – I was too young– but plenty of people did , and lived to tell about it .
But we always watched the greasers and their screaming , beehived girlfriends from the safety of the hot sand when we visited the beach .
Here is Regina Pacis Catholic Church , also affiliated with St. Rosalia Parish .
It ’s on 65th .
Street , a major thoroughfare , and so it ’s riddled and crossed with wires .
The church features a statue of the Virgin Mary whose double crown was stolen in the 1960s ; the neighborhood Italians held prayer vigils around the clock for its safe return , but it was only until an anonymous , veiled threat was posted in the newspaper that they were returned .
It ’s a beautiful church ; if you are over fifty and your first name is Bernadette or Filomena , chances are good that you were either confirmed or married or waked in Regina Pacis :
Here ’s another Catholic church– the Basilica of Our Lady of Perpetual Help , which is the centerpiece of what was originally a heavily Irish parish .
My friend Donald was sent to his final rest from here , and the organist played overwrought and sentimental hymns during the funeral Mass ; all I could think of was that dear Donald would have preferred Donna Summer and the Hughes Corporation , or even Giorgio Moroder ( “ From Here to Eternity ” ) but I did n’t have anything to do with the musical arrangements .
Bay Ridge , once home to a huge Norwegian population , has like one shop dedicated to the presence , and of course I went inside .
Nordic Delicacies carries all sorts of things Norwegian , and I bought Nordic Kirk a teacup , some powdered soups , and napkins festooned with the colorful flag .
There was a magazine on display , whose headline I voluntarily translated for the lady behind the counter– a large - font bevy of twenty - somethings bleating “ WE LIKE OLDER MEN ! ”
And the elderly lady responded “ yah , especially ven dey have money ! ”
I spent a couple of days in Staten Island with my sister , and Mom came with me one day to use the pool .
Here are Gina and Mom :
And here ’s a shot of Gina being VERY gorgeous and happy :
Gina indulged me one day when I asked her to drive with me to Rossville , an area of Staten Island that features a ships ’ graveyard as well as an ancient cemetery .
While I was clambering among the weeds , she called Mom : “ Now he ’s rummaging through a cemetery ! ”
And Mom told her , very seriously , “ that ’s what he likes to do . ”
And here ’s the Blazing Star Cemetery at Rossville , with this grave marker dated 1789 :
One day I biked to Gravesend , an area of southern Brooklyn that was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s .
A house owned by Lady Moody , who established the colony , still survives , though the elevated subway runs directly through the center of the ancient Gravesend grid :
And here is something rather fabulous , nearby :
Brooklyn ’s Ocean Parkway now features a bike path , though you have to cross many heavily - trafficked streets while biking .
Here is one of the more monumental synagogues built along this major boulevard :
Ocean Parkway goes all the way south to the Coney Island area , though I diverged and took Ocean Avenue which led me east of Coney , into the neighborhoods of Brighton Beach and Manhattan Beach .
Here ’s a view across Sheepshead Bay looking out towards the Island .
I went with Mom one day to Jordan ’s restaurant and seafood store ; we had lunch and then brought home lobster tails for supper .
That ’s what we do : while having a meal , we discuss the meals - to - come .
Back in Bay Ridge , here are a couple of very old houses typical of the neighborhood :
Nearby Stewart Avenue features another vista of old Bay Ridge :
An ancient ( 1892 ) warehouse along the old Bay Ridge waterfront , actually considered Sunset Park these days ; I wonder what they did here ?
I love neighborhoods like this ; I was the only one around , just me on my bike , but felt strangely secure .
At the right you can click on earlier posts regarding my Brooklyn visit , with lots more pictures .
Next … Manhattan with Carol !
Copenhagen
Life here is a two - wheeled affair ; cycle tracks take you wherever you need to go .
In the morning , I recommend visitors head to the baroque - style Dronning Louises bridge that crosses the lakes to the north of the city centre .
Here you can witness one of the city 's greatest sights – the Bicycle Rush Hour , when more than 35,000 cyclists cross the bridge each day on what is the busiest bicycle street in the western world .
From here , head into the city centre – just go with the bicycle flow – and potter around the historic streets and squares .
Check out Europe 's oldest tea shop , AC Perch 's ( Kronprinsensgade 5 , perchs.dk ) and have lunch at Skildpadden on Gråbrødre Square , where you can build your own sandwich .
Head west along the harbour , stopping for a dip in the harbour baths at Islands Brygge , and continue to the bohemian neighbourhood of Vesterbro , with its funky designer shops .
If you fancy another pit stop , grab a table at my favourite cafe , Bang & Jensen ( 1650 Københaven , bangogjensen.dk ) – great for people watching .
If you 're up for it , the nightlife in nearby Kødbyen , Copenhagen 's meat packing district , is brilliant .
There are more bicycles outside the bars at night than you 'll see in central London any day of the week .
Hire Baisikeli ( +45 3168 8096 , cph-bike - rental.dk ; Turesensgade 10 ) acquires abandoned Danish bikes and rents them to tourists from £ 9 per day .
All proceeds go to sending bicycles to development projects in Africa .
Stay Hotel Bertrams ( +45 7023 3235 , hotelguldsmeden.com / bertrams ; doubles from £ 100 per night , room only ) is a cool hotel in the Vesterbro district .
Each of the 47 rooms has Balinese - inspired style with four - poster beds , and some have bathtubs and balconies .
The courtyard garden has bike storage , too .
Get there Scandinavian Airlines ( flysas.com ) flies from Heathrow to Copenhagen from £ 125 return .
Mikael Colville - Andersen , founder of cycling blog Copenhagen Cycle Chic ( copenhagencyclechic.com )
Amsterdam
For one of the easiest rides out of the city head south down the Amstel river , from which the city gets part of its name ( the other part being the dam that was built across the river around 800 years ago ) .
Within 15 minutes you 're clear of the city , riding past people rowing on the river and fishing on the banks .
Within 30 minutes you 've hit the first windmill ( which is a private residence , so do n't knock on the door ) and the Amsterdam city limits at the Kleine Kalf ( Little Cow ) cafe .
Futher on you reach a village called Ouderkerk aan de Amstel , which has lots of riverside cafes – perfect for a lunch break .
A round - trip along this route – which is marked by bike path signs – is 20 - 25 km and takes between two and three hours , so it makes for a great morning or afternoon ride .
Hire Mike 's Bike Tours ( +31 20 622 7970 , mikesbiketoursamsterdam.com ; Kerkstraat 134 ) offers bike rental from € 7 per day .
Stay The Bicycle Hotel ( +31 20 679 34 52 , bicyclehotel.com ; doubles from € 40 per night B&B ) , in Amsterdam 's central De Pijp district , has cheap but comfortable rooms , bike hire from € 7.50 a day and free bike storage .
Get there Take the Eurostar from London St Pancras to Brussels , then cross the platform and take the Thalys train to Amsterdam , from £ 115 return with Rail Europe ( raileurope.co.uk ) .
Michael Lasher , founder of Mike 's Bike Tours ( as before )
Barcelona
It may be busy , but bike lanes mean Barcelona is a great city to explore on two wheels .
My own neighbourhood , Gràcia , is one of my favourite places to ride : there 's not a lot of traffic , plenty to see and lovely squares where you can stop for a cold beer .
Start at Calle Verdi and Calle Torrijos , famous for their small one - off clothes shops , then make your way through the Eixample district on Passeig de Gràcia .
Head towards El Raval – which is reinventing itself as one of the city 's hippest neighbourhoods , with lots of lively restaurants and bars – and past the Museum of Modern Art , where a popular skateboard park draws people from all over Catalonia .
Time to go to the beach , but not before riding through the old fishermen 's neighbourhood of Barceloneta ; refuel on fish tapas at Jai - Ca ( Calle Ginebra , 13 ) , on the corner of Calle Baluard .
Hire Cruising Barcelona ( +34 671 548 124 , cruisingbarcelona.com ; Calle Santa Tecla 7 ) offers bike rental from € 16 per day .
Stay DestinationBCN ( +34 9351 41950 , destinationbcn.com ; apartments from € 125 per night , sleeping two ) offers boutique - style apartments in the neighborhoods of Eixample , Barri Gotic and Poble Sec , sleeping between two and six .
Most have a place to keep your bike inside .
Get there EasyJet ( easyjet.com ) flies from eight UK airports to Barcelona from £ 44 return .
Mahrou Raisani , co-owner and tour guide at Cruising Barcelona ( as before )
London
Look Mum No Hands ! , London .
My favourite route changes all the time , but there 's a particular one through north London that is great for greenery and views .
Setting off from my home in Dalston , I pedal straight up the high street , passing Stoke Newington ( lots of cafes for breakfasts ) and Stamford Hill , heading towards Lordship Lane .
From here I cut off the busy main road and wend my way through rows of semis on quiet , gently undulating streets before tackling the climb to Alexandra Palace .
The view from the palace is exceptional , and there 's a pub , the Phoenix , at the top if you need refreshment .
Instead I usually cruise down the long steep hill on the other side , pedal on through Highgate , then up to Hampstead ( you could buy picnic supplies here ) , before heading into the heath .
If I manage to find the secluded ladies ' ponds ( which seem to disappear every time I go there ) , I lock my bike up and take a dip , along with the swans , dragonflies and old ladies in swimming hats .
Invigorated , I get back on my bike and head home , perhaps taking a diversion via Look Mum No Hands ! ( 49 Old Street EC1 , lookmumnohands.com ) , London 's newest cycling cafe , for a tipple .
Hire Cloud Nine Cycles ( +44 ( 0)7836 774422 , cloud9cycles.com ) in Camden , north London , rents bikes from £ 25 per day .
Stay The Hoxton Hotel ( +44 ( 0)20-7550 1000 , hoxtonhotels.com ; doubles from £ 59 per night , B&B ) is a no-fuss hotel in trendy east London ; the beds have Frette linen , the granite bathrooms good power showers , and a Pret a Manger breakfast is delivered to your room each morning .
There are ( safe ) bike racks at the back of the hotel .
Juliet Elliott , sponsored rider for Charge Bikes ( chargebikes.typepad.com / juliet )
Paris
One of the city 's best cycle routes is along the right bank of the river Seine .
Start in the historic and trendy Marais district , then stop by the brilliant Picasso Museum ( musee- picasso.fr ) , set in a former palace , and Place des Vosges , which is the oldest and most beautiful square in the city .
Continue on past the Pompidou Centre ( centrepompidou.fr ) , through the shopping area Les Halles .
Stop for refreshments at Rue Montorgueil , a trendy street in the 2nd district where you can find lots of cafes , restaurants and Patisserie Stohrer ( 51 rue Montorgueil , stohrer.fr ) , Paris 's oldest pastry shop .
From here , cycle past the Louvre museum , before joining the Pont - Neuf bridge , where you can reach the two river islands in the middle of the Seine .
It 's possible to cycle on both islands , or you can just stop on the bridge between them , and listen to the musicians who often play there .
Hire Paris Bike Tour ( +33 1 4274 2214 , parisbiketour.net ; 38 rue de Saintonge ) has bike rental from € 15 per day .
Stay Hotel du Nord ( +33 1 4201 6600 , hoteldunord-leparivelo.com ; doubles from € 69 per night , room only ) is a 24 - room hotel filled with eclectic furniture near the Canal Saint Martin .
There is bike storage plus 10 bikes available for guests ' use , free of cost .
Get there Take the Eurostar ( eurostar.com ) from London St Pancras to Paris from £ 69 return .
Virginie Brouillard , guide for Paris Bike Tour ( as before )
Being a Secret Service agent is n't as action - packed as they make it seem in the movies .
It 's a lot of observation and surveillance , sure , but the President and his family have the power to ask their protection staff to do just about anything — including serving as a urinal .
Yup ... these 10 menial tasks are a long shot from car chases and running down would - be assassins .
1. Lost & Found
Calvin Coolidge made eight of his secret service people search for a lost boot once .
It happened to be just as they were headed out the door to successor Herbert Hoover 's inauguration ; it nearly made them all late .
2. Workout Buddy
This was n't the first odd request from Silent Cal .
His chief form of exercise was riding an electric horse he kept in the White House ; he often requested that his Secret Service agents join him in his workout .
3. Interior Designer
JFK allegedly made his secret service squad visit a gallery in D.C. to have pictures of himself framed — pictures of himself in unusual sexual positions with various women .
The owner of the gallery came forward in the book The Dark Side of Camelot .
4. Scapegoat
Gerald Ford blamed his farts on his secret service people , conspicuously saying things like , " Jesus , was that you ?
Show some class ! "
5. Bouncer
Franklin Delano Roosevelt famously kept his disability under wraps , always striving to downplay his physical ailments .
As a result , his Secret Service agents found themselves serving as paparazzi bruisers — when they spotted photographers snapping pictures of FDR in a position they knew he would n't appreciate ( being carried by other Secret Servicemen , for example ) , they confiscated the cameras or made sure they were knocked to the ground and " accidentally "  destroyed .
6. Wingman
Presidents who used their Secret Service detail to keep their wives at bay when their mistresses were in town included FDR , LBJ , and JFK .
Lest you think it 's something about those initialed Presidents , we can probably assume Bill Clinton did the same thing .
7. Urinal
Lyndon B. Johnson once asked a Secret Serviceman to shield him while he peed outside , but that 's not the strange part — LBJ apparently purposely peed on the agent 's trouser leg .
When the agent mentioned how gross that was , LBJ was unapologetic , apparently saying , " I know .
That 's my prerogative . " 
8. Gardener
We do n't know for sure what " keep the landscape from interfering with security " means , but when this $ 12,000 - a- year charge showed up on Nixon 's service detail , the press jumped on it , alleging that taxpayer money was being used to make sure that Nixon 's tulips were being watered regularly .
Hmm .
9. Babysitter
Aiding and abetting underage drinkers surely is n't on the Secret Service job description , but that 's exactly what they did in 2001 when the Bush twins , Barbara and Jenna used fake IDs to go out on the town in Austin , Texas , and order margaritas when they were just 19 .
Aware of what was happening , the Secret Service whisked the girls away before they could be arrested .
However , they were later cited for the offense .
10 . Bellhop
Jimmy Carter liked to ask his Secret Service detail to carry bags for him .
They complained that being loaded down with his luggage seriously hindered their ability to quickly react if Carter should need unexpected help ; the president eventually relented .
Allow us to ruin your morning !
According to Mad Men ’s Bryan Batt — who stars as Sal Romano , Sterling Cooper ’s closeted art director , fired by Don after refusing to service a randy tobacco executive — he wo n’t return for the show ’s upcoming fourth season .
“ I was supposed to be notified by December 31 , ” he tells TV Guide , “ and nothing . ”
Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner makes it sound even more dire : “ We do n’t murder people on our show , but for there to be any stakes , there have to be consequences … I know how people felt about Bryan .
I obviously love working with him , and he has been an indelible character since the pilot .
But I felt it was an expression of the times that he could n’t work there anymore .
It ’s the ultimate case of sexual harassment . ”
When we spoke with him the week after Sal ’s exit , Batt , responsible for some of Vulture ’s greatest - ever interviews , sounded hopeful : “ I really was in shock , but very quickly , Matt Weiner said to me , ‘ This is n’t The Sopranos .
You are not whacked in the trunk of a car . ’
I ’m not dead , but to tell you the truth , I do n’t know what ’s going to happen . ”
Then he put out a call to supporters : “ Keep those cards and letters coming .
Start that Facebook group !
There ’s a million ways that he can come back , especially if time passes .
Don does respect his talent .
He is innocent .
He did nothing wrong .
Of course I would love to come back .
It ’s a heavenly place to work . ”
We understand that as long as the new Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce has the American Tobacco account , Sal is persona non grata around the office .
And we totally get Weiner ’s obsession with period detail .
But we certainly would n’t mind if everyone on the show suddenly became anachronistically tolerant if it meant Batt could come back .
Also , as far as we can tell , nobody ever started that Facebook group — so shame on you , readers .
One Less Man on Mad Men [ TV Guide via Movieline ]
WASHINGTON  A subtle but significant shift appears to be occurring within the Federal Reserve over the course of monetary policy as the economic recovery is weakening .
On Thursday , James Bullard , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis , warned that the Fed ’s policies were putting the economy at risk of becoming “ enmeshed in a Japanese - style deflationary outcome within the next several years . ”
The warning by Mr. Bullard , who is a voting member of the Fed committee that determines interest rates , came days after Ben S. Bernanke , the Fed chairman , said the central bank was prepared to do more to stimulate the economy if needed , though it had no immediate plans to do so .
On Friday , the government will release its estimate of gross domestic product for the second quarter of this year .
At the Fed , Mr. Bullard had been associated with the camp that sees inflation , the central bank ’s traditional enemy , as a greater threat than deflation brought on by anemic growth .
Until now he had not been an advocate for large - scale asset purchases to reinvigorate the economy .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Two foreign troops who went missing Friday in Afghanistan are Americans who have been abducted , an Afghan intelligence source told CNN Saturday .
NATO 's International Security Assistance Force and two U.S. military officials confirmed that the two missing service members are American .
NATO said they went missing after leaving their compound in Kabul city Friday afternoon and did not return .
Forces have launched a search for the service members and the military vehicle they were in , ISAF said .
Their duty status is " whereabouts unknown , " the U.S. officials said .
The intelligence source told CNN that the two were abducted in Logar province , south of Kabul -- Afghanistan 's capital .
The development comes as five U.S. soldiers were killed in bombings in southern Afghanistan on Saturday .
CNN 's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
An Egged bus driver is being sued for NIS 200,000 after allegedly slandering , insulting , and verbally and physically assaulting an Ethiopian passenger , according to a statement released by Tebeka , an advocacy organization for Ethiopian Israelis .
The Ethiopian college student waited at a bus stop in Rishon Leziyyon , and tried to board the bus , but the driver closed the door in her face , refusing to let her on .
She managed to get on the bus anyway , and the driver yelled at her , saying " I do n't let black Ethiopians on my bus , " and " these blacks - who let you into Israel ?
"
The driver added : " All of these kushim [ a derogatory term for Africans ] should be sent back to Ethiopia .
You are a stupid nation , and you damage our land .
"
The passenger asked the driver not to speak to her , and in response , the driver grabbed her skirt , not allowing her to proceed onto the bus .
At a hearing conducted by Egged , the driver did not express regret and did not apologize .
He said he stands by his opinios about Ethiopians .
Egged fined the driver with one and a half months ' salary .
The Ministry of Transportation also pressed charges against the driver and Egged .
Tomer Reif and Hila Ben Harosh , the lawyers representing the student , are part of a Project " My Brother 's Keeper , " in which lawyers represent Ethiopians that turn to Tebeka pro bono .
It 's been 50 years since we last saw Samurai Jack and time has not been kind to him .
Aku has destroyed every time portal and Jack has stopped aging , a side effect of time travel .
It seems he is cursed to just roam the land for all eternity .
His past haunts him as well as a cult of assasins dedicated to killing him for Aku 's glory .
Brooklyn Bodega ’s Raven the Blazin’ Eurasian caught up Tek of Smif - N - Wessun , who will be one of the artists headlining this year ’s Brooklyn Hip - Hop Festival .
The Brooklyn emcee talked about the significance of longtime label Duck Down Records ’ 15th anniversary this year .
“ Just for the simple fact that it is the 15th year of an independent label that ’s been putting out good music , good quality music with major artists such as Sean [ Price ] , Blackmoon , [ and ] 9th Wonder , ” Tek said .
“ We got KRS - One on the roster .
We just got Pharoahe Monch on the roster .
Kidz In The Hall … not to mention Smif - N - Wessun , ca n’t forget about them guys .
The music is timeless with Duck Down .
It ’s just a family thing and there ’s not many groups that last together for fifteen years of music .
That ’s a young teenagers life right there .
So , you know , it ’s just a beautiful thing to be able to keep on doing it and still be relevant . ”
Tek went on to discuss he and rhyme partner Steele ’s upcoming album with the legendary Pete Rock .
Titled Mounmental ,
Tek says the album is exactly as the title suggest and that recording it was an incredible experience unto itself .
He also stated fans can expect to hear some of the album ’s cuts preformed during their set at this summer ’s Brooklyn Hip - Hop Festival .
“ We have one of the top dopest producers doing the entire album in Pete Rock , ” he said .
“ So with Pete Rock and Smif - N - Wessun together , there is no other name but Monumental .
With the beats he ’s going to bring and the lyrics we ’re going to bring , each studio session was just fucking like magic …
[ We ’re going to do ] some new joints off the Pete Rock / Smif - N - Wessun album , Monumental , be out in September .
We ’re definitely going to kick some of those off . ” ”
Watch the full interview below or read it here , and make sure to check out Brooklyn Bodega ’s Brooklyn Hip - Hop Festival this July 10 .
The Toronto Police union is calling for Sid Ryan to resign after the labour leader suggested police may plant agent provocateurs among the G20 protesters to incite violence .
“ It ’s a totally irresponsible , inflammatory and idiotic thing to say for someone in his position .
Nothing could be further from the truth , ” said Mike McCormack , president of the Toronto Police Association .
“ It ’s a total insult to police everywhere . ”
At a Wednesday news conference for the “ People First ! ” rally , Ryan said he had concerns the police would use disguised agents to cause chaos in order to provoke a violent response from security forces .
“ They ’ve done it before , ” said Ryan , president of the Ontario Federation of Labour .
“ I ’m concerned about that as a tactic to justify police presence and justify the spending of $ 1.3 billion on security . ”
McCormack dismissed the comment as “ cheap publicity ” at the expense of Toronto police ’s reputation .
“ At the very least , Sid Ryan should apologize to our membership , ” he said .
“ We ’re not going to stand by and let him make these irresponsible comments . ”
Ryan was n’t the only one to raise the issue of agent provocateurs .
The Council of Canadians called on Prime Minister Stephen Harper to give his assurance that no agent provocateurs will be used during the G8 or G20 protests .
“ I ’m deeply concerned that neither you , nor anyone in the government , nor the Integrated Security Unit itself , have ruled out the use of agent provocateurs at the upcoming G8 and G20 summits , ” says Council of Canadians chairperson Maude Barlow in a letter to Harper .
“ Three undercover police officers attempted to incite violence in 2007 at the Montebello protest against the Security and Prosperity Partnership .
The proof of their actions was caught on film , ” Barlow wrote .
“ The Sûreté du Québec was forced to admit that they were police officers , dressed in black and holding rocks .
Yet , to date no one has been held accountable and through his silence , Harper appears to have given tacit approval of the use of agents provocateurs . ”
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 50 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Okijin Airline USA - Air Force Version Lockheed U - 2S Generic Type Lockheed U -2/TR-1/ER -2 Basic Type Lockheed U-2/TR-1/ER -2 MSN 051 Reg. 68-10329 Location Kadena Country Japan Date Photographed June 19 , 2010 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 41,235
Photo Added : June 27 , 2010
Photo Copyright © Okijin .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Staff at Blue Planet Aquarium were amazed last week when their two little otter cubs emerged sporting white fur !
Although these Asian small - clawed otter pups were born in March , they spent the last few weeks huddled away with mom in the den and keepers just got their first glimpse .
Exhibits manager Tom Cornwell explained their unusual coloration , “ Although perfectly healthy and full of energy we believe both the cubs are leucistic which is a rare condition where the animals ’ fur develops without its natural pigment . ”
RARE WHITE OTTER CUBS BORN
AT BLUE PLANET AQUARIUM
A pair of extremely rare white otter cubs have been born at the Blue Planet Aquarium , Cheshire Oaks .
The duo are part of a litter of three baby Asian short claw otters born at the aquarium at the end of March .
It ’s the first time otters have been born at the award - winning wildlife attraction and it was only when the cubs started appearing outside of their holt that keepers noticed their unusual colourings .
Exhibits Manager Tom Cornwell said : “ Otter cubs can remain inside the holt for anything up to the first six or seven weeks of their lives .
They ’re born blind and are completely reliant on their parents to look after them .
“ Normally the cubs – like their parents – are dark brown in colour so it came as a major surprise to see these two tiny white cubs running around !
“ Although perfectly healthy and full of energy we believe both the cubs are leucistic which is a rare condition where the animals ’ fur develops without its natural pigment , ” he added .
Leucism is a very unusual condition whereby the cells responsible for pigment in an animal fail to develop properly .
This can result in either white animals or an unusual patchy colouration known as piebald .
“ We ’ve been doing some checking but it would appear that this is a very rare occurrence indeed – there were sightings of a wild albino otter up in Scotland last year , but this is the first time we ’ve seen anything like this in captivity in the UK , ” said Tom .
Otters mate for life , with the female being the dominant partner .
The life expectancy of Asian short claw otters in the wild is unknown , however in captivity they can live to at least 12 with some animals living beyond their 20th birthdays .
New species of pancake batfish , H. intermedius .
Oil is encroaching on its only known habitat .
Two previously unknown species of fish have been identified in the waters along the Gulf Coast in areas threatened by the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
The two newly - named species ( Halieutichthys intermedius and H. bispinosus ) are a type of fish called pancake batfish .
With craggy faces , stumpy fins for " walking " the seafloor , and an excreted fluid that lures in prey , these bottom dwellers might be terrifying were it not for their dainty size .
Small enough to fit in the palm of your hand , the pancake - flat fishes feed on tiny invertebrates in the shallow waters off the southern U.S. coastline , from Louisiana to North Carolina .
While scientists were able to learn enough about these closely - related fish to separate them into two species , at least one of the newfound species ( H. intermedius ) may remain something of an enigma because of the oil pouring into Gulf waters .
" Its entire habitat is in the region of the oil spill , " said Prosanta Chakrabarty of Louisiana State University , one of the scientists who identified the two species .
Chakrabarty told OurAmazing
Planet that he worries the spill will kill off the fishes ' food supply , and that the oil itself may reach the shallows where the batfish live .
" I do n't know how they 'll be able to get around it , " he said .
The two newly - described pancake batfish species were previously thought to be a single , widespread species .
Chakrabarty said he first began to suspect scientists might not have the full story when he and colleague Hsuan - Ching Ho noticed variations in batfish preserved in jars in museums .
" So first chance I had I got on a boat , went out on the Gulf , and collected some fresh specimens , " Chakrabarty said .
Sure enough , his research uncovered three distinct species of pancake batfish , instead of just the one .
( The third is H. aculeatus . )
John Sparks , curator of Ichthyology at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City and one of the study 's authors , said this discovery is surely not an anomaly .
" If we are still finding new species of fishes in the Gulf , imagine how much diversity — especially microdiversity — is out there that we do not know about , " Sparks said .
Chakrabarty said further investigation will prove difficult .
" Now you need Hazmat training just to get to the place where we used to conduct our research , " he said .
The descriptions of the two new species are detailed in the Journal of Fish Biology .
This article was provided by OurAmazing Planet , a sister site to LiveScience .
Test Match Series : Pakistan v Australia
21-07-2010 at Headingley Carnegie , Day 4 of 5 Pakistan beat Australia by 3 wickets Australia won the toss and decided to bat Australia 1st Innings 88 all out ( 33.1 overs ) Australia 2nd Innings 349 all out ( 95.3 overs ) Pakistan 1st Innings 258 all out ( 64.5 overs ) Pakistan 2nd Innings 180 for 7 ( 50.4 overs )
Australia 1st Innings - All out Runs Balls 4s 6s S Watson lbw b Asif 5 19 1 0 Katich lbw b Aamer 13 21 2 0 Ponting lbw b Asif 6 21 0 0 Clarke b Gul 3 20 0 0 M Hussey lbw b Gul 5 13 1 0 North c Kamran Akmal b Amin 16 33 2 0 Paine c Kamran Akmal b Asif 17 47 2 0 Smith b Aamer 10 8 2 0 M Johnson b Aamer 0 1 0 0 Hilfenhaus run out 3 16 0 0 Bollinger not out 2 2 0 0 Extras 2nb 6lb 8 Total all out 88 ( 33.1 ovs )
Bowler O M R W Aamer 11.0 4 20 3 Asif 10.1 1 30 3 Gul 9.0 3 16 2 Amin 2.0 0 7 1 Kaneria 1.0 0 9 0 Fall of wicket 20 Katich 20 S Watson 27 Clarke 29 Ponting 41 M Hussey 60 North 73 Smith 73 M Johnson 86 Hilfenhaus 88 Paine
Back to top
Pakistan 1st Innings - All out Runs Balls 4s 6s Farhat lbw b S Watson 43 84 5 0 Butt b Hilfenhaus 45 68 8 0 Ali c Paine b S Watson 30 66 3 0 Amin c North b Hilfenhaus 25 52 4 0 U Akmal c Paine b M Johnson 21 20 1 1 Shoaib Malik c Paine b S Watson 26 48 3 0 Kamran Akmal c North b S Watson 15 22 3 0 Aamer lbw b S Watson 0 1 0 0 Gul b S Watson 0 7 0 0 Kaneria run out 15 18 1 0 Asif not out 9 12 1 0 Extras 9nb 11 b 9lb 29 Total all out 258 ( 64.5 ovs )
Bowler O M R W Bollinger 17.0 4 50 0 Hilfenhaus 20.5 3 77 2 S Watson 11.0 3 33 6 M Johnson 15.0 0 71 1 Smith 1.0 0 7 0 Fall of wicket 80 Butt 133 Farhat 140 Ali 171 U Akmal 195 Amin 222 Kamran Akmal 222 Aamer 224 Gul 234 Shoaib Malik 258 Kaneria
Back to top
Australia 2nd Innings - All out Runs Balls 4s 6s S Watson b Amin 24 48 4 0 Katich b Aamer 11 19 1 0 Ponting c Kamran Akmal b Aamer 66 116 7 0 Clarke c Kamran Akmal b Asif 77 143 7 0 M Hussey c U Akmal b Aamer 8 16 1 0 North b Aamer 0 5 0 0 Paine c Ali b Kaneria 33 84 5 0 Smith b Gul 77 100 9 2 M Johnson lbw b Asif 12 25 1 0 Hilfenhaus c U Akmal b Kaneria 17 16 4 0 Bollinger not out 0 9 0 0 Extras 8nb 2w 4 b 10 lb 24
Total all out 349 ( 95.3 ovs )
Bowler O M R W Aamer 27.0 6 86 4 Asif 26.0 4 83 2 Gul 15.3 1 80 1 Amin 6.0 1 12 1 Kaneria 21.0 2 74 2 Fall of wicket 15 Katich 55 S Watson 144 Ponting 158 M Hussey 164 North 217 Clarke 246 Paine 283 M Johnson 320 Hilfenhaus 349 Smith
Back to top
Pakistan 2nd Innings - Close Runs Balls 4s 6s Farhat b Bollinger 67 95 9 0 Butt c Clarke b Hilfenhaus 13 16 2 0 Ali c Paine b Bollinger 51 108 6 0 Amin c Paine b Bollinger 0 6 0 0 U Akmal c Paine b Hilfenhaus 8 22 1 0 Shoaib Malik c North b Hilfenhaus 10 24 0 0 Kamran Akmal c M Hussey b M Johnson 13 26 3 0 Aamer not out 5 11 1 0 Gul not out 1 1 0 0 Extras 5 nb 7lb 12 Total for 7 180 ( 50.4 ovs )
Bowler O M R W Bollinger 13.0 2 51 3 Hilfenhaus 13.0 2 39 3 M Johnson 10.4 1 41 1 S Watson 5.0 1 18 0 Smith 9.0 2 24 0 Fall of wicket 27 Butt 137 Farhat 137 Amin 146 Ali 150 U Akmal 161 Shoaib Malik 179 Kamran Akmal
Back to top
Umpires : I J Gould , R E Koertzen , B C Broad , Nadeem Ghauri
Pakistan : Butt ( C ) , Farhat , Ali , U Akmal , Amin , Shoaib Malik , Kamran Akmal ( W ) , Aamer , Gul , Kaneria , Asif
Australia : S Watson , Katich , Ponting ( C ) , Clarke , M Hussey , North , Paine ( W ) , M Johnson , Smith , Hilfenhaus , Bollinger
Published online 20 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 424 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466424a
Corrected online :
News
Targeted researchers support the legislation , despite free - speech concerns .
Free speech or terrorism ?
Activists chalk messages .
N. Berger / AP Photo
A tough but rarely invoked US law intended to protect researchers from violent and threatening animal - rights activists has stumbled out of the starting gate : last week , a judge dismissed the first prosecution under the law .
The decision comes on top of evidence that the legislation has done little to deter illegal incidents , and concerns that it risks restricting free speech .
Yet researchers who have been targeted by activists mostly support the law — and wish that it would be enforced more often and more aggressively .
" You could present this as a setback , " says John Ngai , a neuroscientist at the University of California , Berkeley , and the university 's spokesman on animal research issues .
" But this is one step in a lengthy process .
The wheels of justice grind really slowly . "
The 2008 Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act ( AETA ) , which replaces a less powerful statute , is designed to help end campaigns of harassment against academic scientists .
It outlaws property damages at universities and threats that produce a ' reasonable fear ' of death or injury for researchers or their relatives .
The law 's first major test came in February 2009 , when four animal - rights activists — Adriana Stumpo , Nathan Pope , Joseph Buddenberg and Maryam Khajavi — were arrested and later indicted under the AETA , for incidents at the homes of several University of California system researchers in 2007 and 2008 .
The group , with other protesters , wore bandanas over their faces and wrote messages such as " Stop the Torture " , " Bird Killer " and " Murder for Scientific Lies " on the pavement with blue and purple chalk , according to police reports .
The protesters allegedly burst through a researcher 's door and one of them hit her husband with an object .
But on 12 July , a federal judge dismissed the indictment for being too vague : prosecutors did not say which of the activists ' alleged actions violated the law .
However , prosecutors are free to re-indict if they can show how particular actions crossed the line .
By classing animal - activist crimes as ' terrorism ' , the statute has succeeded in bringing more law - enforcement resources to bear on the issue , especially from the Federal Bureau of Investigation , says Frankie Trull , president of the pro-animal - research National Association for Biomedical Research ( NABR ) in Washington DC .
Yet Trull has been disappointed with the results so far .
Several dangerous crimes remain unsolved , including the firebombing of a house and car belonging to researchers in Santa Cruz , California , in 2008 , and the March 2009 torching of a car belonging to David Jentsch , a neuroscientist at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
" Why are n't they arresting these guys ? " asks Trull .
" It is hard to believe that these extremists are so sophisticated that they do n't leave any trail . "
There are also few signs that the law has been a deterrent .
The number of illegal incidents fluctuates wildly ( see ' Wrongs in the name of animal rights ' ) , and analyses by groups on both sides of the issue — the NABR and the activist - sympathizing Bite Back magazine — show no clear effect on the number or nature of attacks since the AETA was passed .
Most law - enforcement efforts against animal rights - related crimes in the past decade rely on other legislation .
In California , which sees the bulk of US attacks , the state 's Researcher Protection Act of 2008 has made it a misdemeanour to publish the names and locations of researchers to encourage crimes against them .
Under other state laws , UCLA has been granted injunctions that ban several activists from approaching researchers ' homes .
Activists have also been successfully pursued under anti-stalking laws .
ADVERTISEMENT
The strong language of the AETA — which in the Berkeley case raises freedom of speech issues , the judge warned — could be making prosecutors wary of using it .
Lawyers for the defendants say that much of the activists ' activity — chalking , chanting and leafleting — should be considered protected ' speech ' , and therefore be exempt from restriction .
According to Michael Macleod - Ball , chief legislative counsel of the New York - based American Civil Liberties Union , " Prosecutors need to be careful about how they use this , because the language in the statute is a little squishy . "
Researchers who have been the target of attacks do n't want prosecutors to give up yet .
Jentsch endured lengthy protests at his home after the burning of his car .
He thinks that the AETA could deter protesters who are " actively seeking the boundary of protected speech " to harm researchers without getting arrested .
But this wo n't happen until there are more AETA arrests .
" I do n't see that the AETA has really affected activists yet , " says Jentsch .
" It has got to be used to aggressively pursue people who have pushed the bounds of behaviour . "
We had a feeling Apple was n't done showing off the apparent reception woes of its competitors -- after all , the company already updated once this week with the Nokia N97 mini .
Now it 's going after Motorola 's celebrity of the moment ( and known iPhone 4 bully ) , the Droid X .
You can see Cupertino 's results in the video after the break , but unlike Apple 's other videos , we can't seem to recreate this one as easily with our Droid Xs .
But hey , it 's not like anyone 's gonna buy a big phone anyway , right
It is just a technical matter , the Obama administration says :
We just need to make a slight change in a law to make clear that we have the right to see the names of anyone ’s e-mail correspondents and their Web browsing history without the messy complication of asking a judge for permission .
It is far more than a technical change .
The administration ’s request , reported Thursday in The Washington Post , is an unnecessary and disappointing step backward toward more intrusive surveillance from a president who promised something very different during the 2008 campaign .
In a 1993 update to the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , Congress said that Internet service providers have to turn over to the F.B.I. , on request , “ electronic communication transactional records . ”
The government says this includes the e-mail records of their subscribers , specifically the addresses to which e-mail messages were sent , and the times and dates .
( The content of the messages can remain private . )
It may also include Web browsing records .
To get this information , the F.B.I. simply has to ask for it in the form of a national security letter , which is an administrative request that does not require a judge ’s signature .
But there was an inconsistency in the writing of the 1993 law .
One section said that Internet providers had to turn over this information , but the next section , which specified what the F.B.I. could request , left out electronic communication records .
In 2008 , the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel issued an opinion saying this discrepancy meant the F.B.I. could no longer ask for the information .
Many Internet providers stopped turning it over .
Now the Obama administration has asked Congress to make clear that the F.B.I. can ask for it .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - BP
Plc said on Thursday no oil was leaking into the Gulf of Mexico for the first time since its huge spill began in April as it conducted pressure tests on its blown - out deep - sea well .
For the test , BP closed valves and vents on a tight - sealing containment cap installed atop its ruptured well earlier this week .
Initial results early in the test showed the cap had completely contained the flow of oil , BP said .
“ It ’s a great sight but it ’s far from the finish line , ” Doug Suttles , a senior BP executive , told reporters .
BP ’s U.S. shares initially jumped 10 percent after the company announced that its test had shut off the flow of oil .
President Barack Obama called the end of the flow of oil into the ocean a “ positive sign , ” but cautioned that the latest effort was still in the testing phase .
The spill has caused an economic and environmental disaster along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
As the company pushed ahead on the spill - control effort , U.S. energy company Apache Corp was moving forward on a possible $ 10 billion deal for some BP properties , including major assets in Alaska , CNBC reported .
After a delay to fix a leak , BP began the test on Thursday afternoon on the cap that could stop all or most of the flow of crude that has been polluting the ocean and coastline since April 20 in the worst offshore oil spill in U.S. history .
The test , which could last between six to 48 hours , gauges pressure in the well -- which extends 2.5 miles under the seabed -- to assess its condition .
Officials said it will show whether the cap can safely shut off the flow from the well if oil - capture vessels at the surface must disconnect .
The U.S. Coast Guard has described the containment cap as at best a temporary fix to the leak while BP finishes two relief wells that it is drilling that are intended to intersect the blown - out well and permanently seal it next month .
The test is intended to determine whether the structure of the lengthy well is damaged or intact .
Retired Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the U.S. government ’s point man on the spill , compared the test to placing one ’s thumb over the end of a garden hose -- if the pressure does not increase that means there is a leak somewhere .
Regarding the BP well , a build - up of pressure would signal that the well is intact , which would make it easier to seal it with the relief wells .
The cap is a crucial step toward a multi-vessel oil - capture system that is hurricane - ready and can collect up to 80,000 barrels ( 3.34 million gallons / 12.7 million liters ) per day .
That should be more than enough to capture the whole well output , as estimates put the spill rate between 35,000 barrels ( 1.47 million gallons / 5.56 million liters ) and 60,000 barrels ( 2.5 million gallons / 9.5 million liters ) a day .
Allen backed away from earlier assurances that the new cap would be used to completely seal the well until the relief wells eventually kill it with heavy mud and cement .
Allen said the cap could shut the well , but might be used only to block the flow during emergency situations like a hurricane when BP ’s surface containment effort would be suspended .
“ The intention of the capping stack was never to close in the well per se , ” Allen said in New Orleans .
BP STOCK
Reports that Apache was seeking $ 6 billion to $ 7 billion for the purchase helped boost BP ’s U.S. shares from midday .
The shares then rose further on the initial test results and ended up 7.6 percent at $ 38.92 .
Slideshow ( 19 images )
“ It ’s been one of those headline things we ’ve heard for 87 days , lots of people waiting for some good news , ” said John Massey , portfolio manager at Sunamerica Asset Management in Jersey City , New Jersey .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Insider predict that BP will spend between $ 63 billion to $ 100 billion over the next 15 years in fines , cleanup costs and legal costs .
BP ’s shares have been ravaged since the well rupture , with $ 100 billion in market value being knocked off at one stage , before a three - week rally sparked by takeover talk , speculation about investment by a sovereign wealth fund and hopes that the well would be capped .
The news that it had finally stopped the leak -- at least during the test -- was a bit of good news for the British company , which has seen its share value plummet and reputation battered since the April 20 rig explosion that killed 11 workers and led to the spill of millions of gallons of oil .
Slideshow ( 19 images )
BP also faced new measures in the U.S. Congress .
Lawmakers are mulling a range of new laws that could require tougher safety regulations on offshore drilling or bar companies like BP from new offshore exploration leases .
The U.S. government , which has vowed to make BP pay for fixing the well and all cleanup efforts , told the oil giant that it was responsible for paying all royalties on the oil it is collecting from the ruptured well .
Currently , energy companies pay the government a royalty rate of up to 18.75 percent of the value of the oil and gas drilled in offshore tracts .
Through its containment systems , BP has collected or burned more than 800,000 barrels of oil .
The Gulf spill has soiled hundreds of miles / kilometers of shoreline , shut down about a third of Gulf fisheries and hurt tourism and fishing in all five U.S. Gulf states .
It has also created problems for Obama as the government works to respond to the crisis while area residents struggle financially .
“ It ’s a great thing , it ’s a wonderful thing , ” said Jerome DeGree in Larose , Louisiana when he heard that BP had at least temporarily stopped the oil from gushing into the ocean .
“ This has been hurting this whole area , ” the shallow - water oil driller said .
“ I could n’t buy my shrimp , I could n’t buy my oysters , I could n’t take my boat out . ”
In an issue unrelated to the spill , but illustrating the pressure BP faces in the United States , the company confirmed on Thursday that it had lobbied the British government to speed up a prisoner transfer agreement with Libya in late 2007 .
In August 2009 , Britain released a Libyan convicted of blowing up a U.S. plane , angering the United States .
Many of the 270 dead in the 1988 Lockerbie bombing were American .
The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said it would hold a hearing on the issue on July 29 .
E3 2010 : Senior Designer , Sylvain Dubrofsky
Harmonix is here to show you how to rock for real .
Click images for larger versions
SAN DIEGO , CA — July 24 , 2010 — Capcom , a leading worldwide developer and publisher of video games today announced that Street Fighter X Tekken is in development for the PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system and the Xbox 360 video game and entertainment system from Microsoft .
The title will make history as fighters from these two bastions of the fighting genre come together for the very first time .
Utilizing the same technology that powered Street Fighter IV & Super Street Fighter IV , Tekken characters such as Kazuya Mishima and Nina Williams will make the transition into the Street Fighter universe having been re-imagined using the much - loved art style of these seminal titles ; while retaining their unique characteristics and signature moves as they go head - to - head with classic brawlers from the Street Fighter franchise in what promises to be the ultimate match up .
As in Street Fighter IV , 2D gameplay will feature fully realized 3D character models battling for domination in both new and familiar highly detailed environments that are brought to life with engaging animations .
In addition to modes such as Versus and Training that will feature new enhancements to make the fighting experience more in - depth and enjoyable , Street Fighter X Tekken will include Tag Team combat where players select two fighters to deliver knockout assist attacks and special combos .
The announcement , which took place at Comic - Con in San Diego in front of thousands of Street Fighter fans , was made by the Producer of Street Fighter X Tekken , Yoshinori Ono , and Tekken series Director , Katsuhiro Harada .
Commenting on the origins of this project Yoshinori Ono said : “ This is history we 're making .
Two fighting games that have rivaled each other are finally standing on the same stage .
This is n't just a showdown between Tekken and Street Fighter , but a decisive battle for Capcom and Namco Bandai Games .
So I 'm going to give it my all . ”
Microvalves chatting at sunset
Reflected light creates a prism that shines through a microfluidic chip that would otherwise be transparent .
When at work , the chip rests over a live cell culture and pipes proteins or drugs onto them through the round openings , which are about one - tenth of a millimetre wide .
The squares around the apertures control the flow .
( Image : Chris Sip and Albert Folch / University of Washington )
The day that Mondrian visited the lab
Chris Sip and Albert Folch 's chip has an air of the painter Piet Mondrian , whose approach to his art has often been compared to science .
The liquid - filled tubes echo the vertical and horizontal grid lines of his paintings .
In this image , channels on different planes of a chip are filled with differing concentrations of a blue dye .
In practice , the channels deliver chemicals to neurons , and were created to mimic the way neurons set up connections in a developing nervous system .
( Image : Chris Sip and Albert Folch / University of Washington )
Chromatic mixer
Moving liquids , even in tiny amounts , can disturb growing cells .
This chip gets around the problem by piping a solution beneath cells that grow on a porous membrane , which is the square structure in this montage of a single chip and three digitally manipulated copies ; the lower right panel is the original .
Two solutions , in yellow and blue , flow from the lower chamber into the membrane , where they make a chemical gradient that diffuses to the cells .
( Image : David Cate and Albert Folch / University of Washington ) Advertisement
Neurons looking at you
In miniature cell - culture devices such as this one , the growth of neurons – in fluorescent green – can be controlled by coating the device with adhesion proteins – in red – that latch onto cells .
This set - up allows researchers to determine how drugs or other treatments affect the cells .
Journal reference : Langmuir , vol 19 , p 4754
( Image : Xavier Figueroa and Albert Folch / University of Washington )
A group of Arizona Republicans on Wednesday became the nation 's first Latino organization to back the state 's immigration law , setting the stage for a heated , and potentially emotional , showdown within the Hispanic community .
The Arizona Latino Republican Association filed in federal court a motion to intervene with the Department of Justice 's lawsuit against SB 1070 , which is being heard in a Phoenix courtroom .
The department is arguing that only the federal government has the authority to enact immigration laws .
Another lawsuit against Arizona is also getting its day in court Thursday .
The second one argues that the law could lead to racial profiling by police , who will have the authority to question the citizenship of any person " reasonably suspected " of being in the country illegally .
Jesse Hernandez , chairman of ALRA and the son of legal immigrants , sees this as a purely states ' rights issue and is prepared to take on the federal government over its " backward " priorities .
" I 'm challenging the Obama administration first and foremost , " he said .
" As a state , when the government fails to do their job , the state has the right to protect its boundaries and its citizens .
It 's shameful that the Obama administration is wasting all these resources attacking legislation that is following standard immigration law . "
Recently , Hernandez says he has seen an uptick in what he calls " closet conservative Latinos " coming out in support of the immigration law .
Most of them , he says , are immigrants or children of immigrants who entered the United States legally and are proud of obtaining their citizenship through established channels .
" When they became natural citizens , you could not believe the joy and happiness , " he said .
" They had to work for it ; it was an ambition .
It 's like getting a college degree . "
Still , ALRA 's endorsement of the immigration law has not come without consequences .
Hernandez has received threatening phone calls and hate mail from people questioning " what kind of Mexican [ he ] is . "
He tries to explain that his parents are from Mexico and that he was born in the border town of Nogales ; but , to many , his support of SB 1070 is unfathomable .
" I 'm not surprised , " Arturo Vargas , executive director of the National Association of Latino Elected Officials , said of the animosity being directed at Hernandez and ALRA .
" They represent the minute minority of the individuals in the Latino community .
Poll after poll , survey after survey of the Latino population shows near unanimity in opposition of the law . "
A recent LatinoMetrics poll shows that eight in 10 Latinos disapprove of SB 1070 .
Of those surveyed , 20 percent said they would be less likely to report a major crime such as assault if a similar law is passed in their state .
The number climbs up to 30 percent for minor crimes such as theft .
Perhaps more telling is that since 2009 , immigration has jumped into the top four issues of personal concern among Latinos , tied with jobs and the economy .
Vargas sees ALRA 's endorsement as more of a fluke than a growing trend among Latinos .
Stationed at the Phoenix courtroom , he said the vast majority of protesters outside the building appear to be Hispanics waving American flags but also wielding cultural symbols like the Virgin of Guadalupe , traditionally a peaceful symbol .
But Hernandez has found support from at least one like - minded Latino � the only Hispanic , in fact , to vote in favor of the law , state Rep. Steve Montenegro .
Also the son of legal immigrants , he has openly supported the immigration law from the beginning and often touts his legal entry into the United States at the age of 18 as proof that current immigration practices do work .
The Arizona Republic is a member of the Politico Network .
There are limits to even the strongest placebo effect .
No simulation could set a broken arm , of course , or clear a blocked artery .
As a rule , placebos appear to affect symptoms rather than underlying diseases -- although sometimes , as in the case of depression or irritable bowel syndrome , there ’s no meaningful distinction between the two .
Moreover , placebos have often received undue credit for recovery that might have occurred anyway .
Indeed , the effect is famously difficult to identify , measure , and even coherently define .
There is debate about the magnitude of the response , with some calling it modest at best , and opposing the idea of using placebos clinically .
“ In the last 10 years we ’ve made tremendous strides in demonstrating the biological veracity of the placebo effect , ” says Ted Kaptchuk , an associate professor at Harvard Medical School and one of the coauthors of the Lancet article .
“ The frontier is , how do we utilize what is clearly an important phenomenon in a way that ’s consistent with patient - practitioner trust , and informed consent ? ”
But any attempt to harness the placebo effect immediately runs into thorny ethical and practical dilemmas .
To present a dummy pill as real medicine would be , by most standards , to lie .
To prescribe one openly , however , would risk undermining the effect .
And even if these issues were resolved , the whole idea still might sound a little shady -- offering bogus pills or procedures could seem , from the patient ’s perspective , hard to distinguish from skimping on care .
In February , an important paper was published in the British medical journal the Lancet , reviewing the discoveries about the placebo effect and cautiously probing its potential for use by doctors .
In December , the Michael J. Fox Foundation announced plans for two projects to study the promise of placebo in treating Parkinson’s .
Even the federal government has taken an interest , funding relevant research in recent years .
But as evidence of the effect ’s power mounts , members of the medical community are increasingly asking an intriguing question : if the placebo effect can help patients , should n’t we start putting it to work ?
In certain ways , placebos are ideal drugs : they typically have no side effects and are essentially free .
And in recent years , research has confirmed that they can bring about genuine improvements in a number of conditions .
An active conversation is now under way in leading medical journals , as bioethicists and researchers explore how to give people the real benefits of pretend treatment .
In a health care industry fueled by ever newer and more dazzling cures , this phenomenon is usually seen as background noise , or even as something of an annoyance .
For drug companies , the placebo effect can pose an obstacle to profits -- if their medications fail to outperform placebos in clinical trials , they wo n’t get approved by the FDA .
Patients who benefit from placebos might understandably wonder if the healing is n’t somehow false , too .
You ’re not likely to hear about this from your doctor , but fake medical treatment can work amazingly well .
For a range of ailments , from pain and nausea to depression and Parkinson ’s disease , placebos -- whether sugar pills , saline injections , or sham surgery -- have often produced results that rival those of standard therapies .
In the last decade - plus , however , the accumulating data have sparked a renewed interest in the placebo as a treatment in its own right .
Numerous studies have shown that it can trigger verifiable changes in the body .
Brain scans have shown that placebo pain relief is not only subjectively experienced , but that in many cases the brain releases its own internal painkillers , known as endogenous opioids .
( This placebo effect can even be reversed by the opioid - blocker naloxone . )
Another study , published in Science in 2009 , found that patients given a topical cream for arm pain showed much less pain - related activity in the spinal cord when told it was a powerful painkiller .
A 2009 study found that patients benefited as much from a fake version of a popular spinal surgery as they did from the real one ; asthma patients have shown strong responses to a mock inhaler .
As sugar pills were losing their place in the physician ’s arsenal , they assumed a different role : as a neutral placeholder in drug testing .
This development is usually traced back to a 1955 paper by Henry Beecher , a Harvard anesthesiologist who argued that the placebo effect was so potent that researchers needed to account for it when testing new drugs .
Today , the “ gold standard ” of medical testing is the randomized clinical trial , in which the new drug must beat a placebo to prove its worth .
But in the postwar era , the profession changed in a way that relegated placebos to the shadows .
New medicines began to emerge that actually cured diseases .
At the same time , the longstanding paternalism of doctors was yielding to a new ethos that respected the patient ’s right to understand and consent to treatment .
Gradually , fake pills began to seem less like a benign last resort , and more like a breach of trust .
To be sure , some doctors continued to use placebos - - typically , “ impure ” placebos such as vitamins that had no specific effect on the malady in question .
But they did so quietly , knowing the practice was frowned upon .
Phony treatment is hardly a novel concept in medicine .
The word “ placebo ” -- Latin for “ I shall please ” -- has been used in a medical context since at least the late 1700s , referring to inert treatments given to placate patients .
Arguably , until the scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century , medical history was little more than one long series of placebos .
But according to advocates , there ’s enough data for doctors to start thinking of the placebo effect not as the opposite of medicine , but as a tool they can use in an evidence - based , conscientious manner .
Broadly speaking , it seems sensible to make every effort to enlist the body ’s own ability to heal itself -- which is what , at bottom , placebos seem to do .
And as researchers examine it more closely , the placebo is having another effect as well : it is revealing a great deal about the subtle and unexpected influences that medical care , as opposed to the medicine itself , has on patients .
This is just one study , but the implications could be profound .
It suggests that in some cases doctors could essentially dilute medications , perhaps dramatically , and get the same results .
Robert Ader , the study ’s lead author and a psychiatry professor at the University of Rochester , says this approach has the potential to address maladies that operate through the nervous systems , such as pain , some auto - immune diseases , and hypertension .
Ader envisions a future in which a physician writes a prescription consisting of the drug , the dosage , and the “ reinforcement schedule . ”
Under a reinforcement schedule of 80 percent , the patient would get a bottle of 100 pills , 20 of which were dummies .
A second approach may be to integrate placebos with real treatments , and to reconsider whether this should still be viewed as fakery .
A groundbreaking study published in February in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine found that in one group , psoriasis patients who received a topical cream treatment , alternated with placebo “ reinforcements , ” did as well as patients who got up to four times more of the active drug .
The authors hypothesized that the effect was due primarily to conditioning -- the brain learned to associate the cream with healing and sent the same signals even when the cream was inert .
One audacious tack would be to tell the truth : to notify patients that they are about to be given a fake pill .
The idea sounds absurd , and doctors have long assumed that would ruin the effect .
But there ’s almost no research on the question , and it may not be as unthinkable as it seems .
One reason it could work involves “ classical conditioning ” -- the notion that we can learn on a subconscious level , like Pavlov ’s dogs , to biologically respond to certain stimuli .
This concept suggests that the brain could automatically react to the placebo in a way that does n’t require conscious faith in the drug .
( The placebo effect has been observed in rodents , which bolsters this theory . )
Another reason is that , according to many researchers , the trappings of medical care contribute to the response .
So in certain circumstances , doctors could conceivably give a placebo with total transparency , conspiring with patients to trick their own brains -- though the lack of research means there is little evidence to support this hypothesis now .
The first conundrum doctors face is how to honor the principle of informed consent , their ethical and legal obligation to fully explain a treatment .
Clearly , a doctor would violate this rule by passing a sugar pill off as a real prescription drug , and thinkers have begun to wrestle with this challenge .
Impressed by such findings , some researchers and clinicians hope to import them somehow from the laboratory into the doctor ’s office -- adding placebo , in a systematic way , to the doctor ’s repertoire .
“ You ’re talking about many , many , many millions of dollars a year in drug treatment costs , ” says Ader .
He adds , “ If [ doctors ] can produce approximately the same therapeutic effect with less drug , then it ’s obviously safer for the patient , and I ca n’t believe they would n’t want to look into doing this . ”
In either scenario -- prescribing ersatz medicine alone or cutting active treatment with it -- it ’s easy to predict the concerns and controversies that would ensue .
Might cost - conscious health care providers and insurers be tempted to push placebos for financial reasons ?
Would patients feel cheated and confused ?
Whether placebos can be successfully reframed as novel medicines and helpful “ reinforcements ” remains to be seen .
For other researchers , the data have led to very different territory :
They ’re looking for ways to elicit the placebo effect while jettisoning the placebo altogether .
Some researchers argue that the real source of a placebo ’s effect is the medical care that goes along with it -- that the practice of medicine exerts tangible healing influences .
This notion has received support from experiments known as “ open - hidden ” studies .
Fabrizio Benedetti , a professor at the University of Turin Medical School , has conducted a number of these , in which patients receive painkiller either unknowingly ( they are connected to a machine that delivers it covertly ) or in an open fashion ( the doctor is present , and announces that relief is imminent ) .
Patients in the “ open ” group need significantly less of the drug to attain the same outcome .
In other words , a big part of the effect comes from the interactions and expectation surrounding the drug .
Some call the disparity between the two scenarios the placebo effect .
( Others , however , say the word “ placebo ” should be reserved for inert treatments , and press for different terms , such as “ meaning response ” or “ context effect . ” )
“ Medicine is intensely meaningful , ” says Daniel Moerman , a professor emeritus of anthropology at the University of Michigan at Dearborn who coined the phrase “ meaning response . ”
“ It ’s this highly stylized , highly ritualized thing . ”
He urges us to “ forget about the stupid placebo and start looking at the system of meaning involved . ”
A recent study by Harvard ’s Kaptchuk suggests the importance of ritual and the doctor - patient relationship .
A 2008 paper published in the British Medical Journal described experiments conducted on patients with irritable bowel syndrome .
Two groups underwent sham acupuncture , while a third remained on a waiting list .
The patients receiving the sham treatment were divided into two subgroups , one of which was treated in a friendly , empathetic way and another with whom the doctors were businesslike .
None of the three groups had received “ real ” treatment , yet they reported sharply different results .
After three weeks , 28 percent of patients on the waiting list reported “ adequate relief , ” compared with 44 percent in the group treated impersonally , and fully 62 percent in the group with caring doctors .
This last figure is comparable to rates of improvement from a drug now commonly taken for the illness , without the drug ’s potentially severe side effects .
“ It ’s amazing , ” says Kaptchuk .
“ Connecting with the patient , rapport , empathy . . . that few extra minutes is not just icing on the cake .
It has biology . ”
It may be , then , that the simplest and least ethically hazardous way to capitalize on the placebo effect is to acknowledge that medicine is n’t just a set of approved treatments -- it ’s also a ritual , with symbolism and meaning that are key to its efficacy .
At its best , that ritual spurs positive expectations , sparks associations with past healing experiences , and eases distress in ways that can alleviate suffering .
These meanings , researchers say , are what the placebo effect is really about .
If this is true , then the takeaway is not necessarily that we should be dispensing more fake pills -- it ’s that we should think less about any pill and more about the context in which it ’s given .
Whether we call it the placebo effect or use new terms , the research in this field could start to put a measurable healing value on doctors ’ time and even demeanor , rather than just on procedures and pills .
And that could change medicine in a way that few blockbuster drugs ever could .
Rebecca Tuhus - Dubrow is a contributing writer for Ideas .
She can be reached at rebecca.tuhusdubrow@gmail.com
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
“ You want me to do what ? ”
The look on Jerome ’s face was bewildered , angry .
“ It ’s like I said , ” I replied .
“ For the next 28 days you have to live at this facility .
You have to go into groups of people you do n’t know and tell them all you are a drug addict .
You have to tell them stories about how drugs ruined your life and harmed your family .
You have to go to Narcotics Anonymous meetings and do the same thing .
You ’ll have to convince everyone around you that you ’re an addict trying to get better .
And the fact that you do n’t have , and have never had , a drug problem will have to remain between you and I . ”
“ If you want to save your job , ” I added .
Jerome leaned back in his chair and let out a great breath .
His eyes watered for a moment and then stopped .
An African American man that looked younger than his 35 years , Jerome was straight up blue collar and no nonsense .
It was clear that nonsense like this did not sit well with him at all .
He had worked for a large telephone company in the Southwest since he was 20 , working his way up from lineman to a top tier foreman .
He started working there the same year he got married and now had three children .
“ How the hell could this be happening to me ? ” he asked , and his eyes started to glisten again .
The answer to his question was simple .
He worked for a company that periodically forced employees to surrender bodily fluids for examination .
On a recent weekend , he had been to a bar - b - que at a friends house and someone passed a joint .
It was an infrequent indulgence for him , but he took a few hits and passed it on .
The following Monday he was tested .
Company policy afforded him the option of intervention and treatment or the end of a career that was the only source of income for his family .
There were no gray areas
The fact that they did n’t start drug testing till he had invested 10 years of his life in working for them did n’t matter .
If you tested positive on a drug screen , you were an addict ; a liability , and you needed treatment ; expensive treatment , though no one has ever demonstrated that this was true .
I could have told Jerome a lot more about how his life was about to change ; the mandated outpatient treatment after he discharged , aftercare meetings for a year , and 12 step meetings , one hour each and every day for the first three months after he went home .
I did n’t have the heart .
He would find out at as time went by , and make the adjustments .
For the time being my only goal was to help him not do anything stupid .
He was caught up in the system , the system that I worked in , and if he was n’t careful he could lose everything .
I told him , as I will tell you now , that he was one of the lucky ones .
Employers can have a powerful impact on your life when they decide to .
But it is nothing compared to governments .
Absolutely nothing .
Jerome just got a scratch compared to what was happening elsewhere .
His was a slight wound from a war on drugs that regularly kills more people than drugs do .
We have been doing it a hundred years now ; making criminals of our countrymen ; making war on our own people in their own homes .
And as MND publisher Mike LaSalle just reported to readers , it is a war that is now hitting close to home .
It started , like a lot of deadly bad ideas , with politicians .
We can thank the Democrats for the inception , but somewhere along the line , the Republicans stepped in to prove they were just as stupid .
Woodrow Wilson , who also gave us the Federal Reserve Act , the first draft since the Civil War and rave reviews of the stunningly racist movie “ Birth of a Nation , ” helped usher in the age where America turned questionable personal habits into concrete walls and steel gray bars .
It was called the Harrison Tax Act of 1914 , and it was the result of nearly fifteen years of disinformation and racist propaganda promulgated by Wilson ’s associates .
In 1900 the Journal of the American Medical Association published in a report that “ Negroes in the South are being addicted to a new form of vice– that of ‘ cocaine sniffing ’ or the ‘ coke habit . ’”
That was followed up by several newspaper reports that cocaine was causing blacks to rape white women and was improving their pistol marksmanship .
Eight years later President Teddy Roosevelt appointed Dr. Hamilton Wright as the first Opium Commissioner for the United States .
Among his most notable observations was that “ cocaine is often the direct incentive to the crime of rape by Negroes of the south and other sections of the country . ”
Wright also postulated that “ one of the most unfortunate phases of smoking opium in this country is the large number of women who have become involved and are living as common - law wives or cohabitating with Chinese in the Chinatowns of our various cities . ”
Let ’s see .
A bunch of drug crazed horny black men and a growing number of loose white women with no qualms about crossing racial boundaries ?
Yeah , man , it was time for war , alright ; time to break out some fucking law and order .
And so it started .
Police began busting heads , most of them black and poor , and prisons started to fill .
Law upon law was written and enforced with no more thought to the truth than Dred Scott .
The edges of The Constitution were already starting to singe .
It got a boost in 1937 with the Marijuana Tax Act , signed into law by Franklin Roosevelt .
And just like the Harrison Act , its roots are steeped more in racial bigotry than in public safety .
In fact , marijuana had already been criminalized in many states prior to the federal prohibition .
Most of this started with border states and stemmed from a fear of indigenous Mexicans .
One Texas legislator is quoted as saying , “ Mexicans are all crazy , and this stuff ( marijuana ) is why . ”
Now it was brown heads getting busted , and prisons became bilingual .
And the drugs kept coming .
And now there is money in it .
Big money , your money , fed into a vast machine that is eating up the very freedoms it purports to protect .
Wilson and Franklin Roosevelt were both Democrats , but as time passed and political stances vacillated , it was the republicans that took over the reigns of anti drug insanity , not out of racial prejudice ( though for some that seems to be a big plus ) , but puritanical fundamentalism .
Many a good Christian constituent does n’t cotton much to personal choice when it comes to drugs .
So the right has pretty much owned the war on drugs since .
And for the efforts of these “ keep the government off our back ” conservatives , they have given us the mammoth sized DEA , a thousand federal regulations , a rainbow coalition of busted heads , overflowing prisons , enough dead bodies to please Pol Pot , a meaningless Constitution and a bevy of government functionaries that are literally out of their minds with power .
We wanted a war on drugs and that is exactly what we got .
Only it is n’t drugs we are attacking , it ’s people .
It is a civil war with a guaranteed Viet - nam style ending that might be worth paying attention to .
Because the drugs keep coming .
You would think a century of this would be enough to have learned a lesson or two .
I mean , we actually did learn something with alcohol .
We made it illegal , and then , when we got tired of mobsters , mass murder , poisoning deaths from bad hooch , graft and the fact that everyone that wanted to was still drinking anyway , we got a little wiser .
Today , we have alcohol in its various forms being distributed nationwide , in complete peace , with no underground economy and most importantly , no bullets flying .
Are there consequences ?
Sure .
Some tragic ones .
I have seen it first hand a thousand times over .
After all , most of the people I worked with were not Jerome ’s , though his situation is a direct result of the woefully inept way we are approaching this problem .
In the end , though , and anyone with a half a mind should already know this , there are plenty of problems you ca n’t fix with a badge and a gun .
The best we can do is damage control .
Sadly , all you have to do is get a news report from the border with Mexico , or take a look inside one of our prisons , to find out just how far we are from the best we can do .
Cycads , " living fossil " descendents of the first plants that colonized land and reproduced with seeds , are rapidly going extinct because of invasive pests and habitat loss , especially those species endemic to islands .
But new research on Cycas micronesica published recently as the cover article in Molecular Ecology calls into question the characterization of these plants as relicts ( leftovers of formerly abundant organisms ) , and gives a glimpse into how the remaining plants -- those that survived the loss of more than 90 % of their population -- can be conserved and managed .
By sampling what is left of C. micronesica on Guam , researchers , including some from the American Museum of Natural History , found moderate genetic variation within local populations and different levels of gene flow between populations .
" Cycas micronesica is one of the most ecologically important plants on Guam and nearby islands , and it is now rapidly disappearing , " says Angélica Cibrián - Jaramillo , a researcher at the American Museum of Natural History and at The New York Botanical Garden .
" But with new genomic tools we developed microsatellite markers to quickly assess individual plants .
This technique is ideal for species that need quick answers for conservation reasons . "
Microsatellite markers are short genetic sequences typically used to determine how individuals are related to each other ( kinship ) and other population studies .
Cycads have been around for about 300 million years and are among the first spermatophytes , or plants that reproduce with seeds .
Although this group 's large crowns of feathery compound leaves was once common , cycads now number about 300 species throughout the world , and about half of these are threatened or endangered .
C. micronesica is found on four island groups in Micronesia .
Within four years , the millions of C. micronesica on Guam were reduced by more than 90 % .
The primary culprit was an insect that often parasitizes plants ( in this case , a scale ) that invaded Guam in 2003 , although other invasive species including butterflies and feral pigs are contributing to plant mortality .
The invasive species are also spreading to other islands .
" This ecological disaster is typical on islands , " says Thomas Marler , professor at the University of Guam .
" There has been a cascade of invasive species in a short time .
This study will give conservation groups information about how to manage the surviving plants : the most efficient way to establish nurseries and where to collect seeds , and how to reintroduce them if the [ invasive ] insect is brought under control . "
For this study , Marler collected leaf samples from all C. micronesica habitats on Guam , and Cibrián - Jaramillo found 18 genetic populations among 24 locations .
The results showed that local populations are not genetically poor but instead have moderate genetic variation with some inbreeding , which is what would be expected in longer - lived plants with similar seed dispersal .
The amount of genetic flow between Guam 's populations was low but very dynamic within regions in the island , which means that plants are similar genetically and the observed variation points to patterns of seed dispersal .
Cycas micronesica plants in the north are more likely to be related to each other , while populations in the south are genetically different from each other .
This contrast is most likely due to southern Guam 's more fragmentary forests , more rivers for seed transportation ( C. micronesica seeds are one of the few cycad seeds that float ) , and the smaller size of seeds , which can be dispersed to greater distances .
" We hope that these results from the plant perspective will fit into the management of invasive insects in general , which is one of the most important drivers of biodiversity loss worldwide and very costly economically , " says Rob DeSalle , curator at the American Museum of Natural History who works in the Sackler Institute for Comparative Genomics .
In addition to Cibrián - Jaramillo , Marler , and DeSalle , authors of this paper include Aidan Daly of the Museum 's Sackler Institute for Comparative Genomics and Eric Brenner of New York University .
The research was funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Lewis B. and Dorothy Cullman Program for Molecular Systematics at the American Museum of Natural History and The New York Botanical Garden .
God and the gays …..
This is an actual billboard .
It is not photoshopped .
Unfortunately this was found on a friend ’s FB page so I do n’t know exactly where it is located but kudos to the owners / artists !
No doubt this infuriates those Krazy Kristians .
Tip o’ the hat to Julie
In many third - grade classrooms in California , students are taught — briefly — about obtuse and acute angles .
They have no way to comprehend this lesson fully .
Their math training so far has n’t taught them the concepts involved .
They have n’t learned what a degree is or that a circle has 360 of them .
They have n’t learned division , so they ca n’t divide 360 by 4 to determine that a right angle is 90 degrees , and thus understand that an acute angle is less than 90 degrees and an obtuse angle more .
It makes no pedagogical sense , but California ’s academic standards call for third - graders to at least be exposed to the subject , and because angles might be on the standardized state test at the end of the year , exposed they are .
Now , that might change .
In June , a yearlong joint initiative by 48 states produced a set of uniform but voluntary educational standards in English and math .
Urged on by the Obama administration , the initiative ’s main purpose was to encourage states with low academic standards to bring their expectations into line with those of other states .
Twenty states have already adopted the standards ; 28 more , including California , are considering them .
Texas and Alaska are the only states that declined to participate in the project .
California has among the highest academic standards in the country ; the new “ common core standards ” would neither toughen nor weaken them appreciably .
But the state still has something important to gain by adopting them : a more coherent blueprint for instruction that builds students ’ skills in a clear and sensible way , and allows teachers to delve more deeply into each subject .
The standards would reduce the long list of academic material that California teachers must race through so their students can look good on the yearly fill - in - the - bubble tests .
They focus on skills and abilities rather than on topics or specific books to be read , and , unlike much of California ’s current standards , they call for preparing students in one grade for the demands of the next .
The change is overdue .
Advertisement
A state commission , made up largely of teachers , has been reviewing the new standards .
It is scheduled to make its recommendation Thursday to the state Board of Education ; the board will vote Aug. 2 on whether to adopt the standards .
It should embrace them .
A welcome surprise
There was valid reason for early concern about the new standards .
The Common Core State Standards Initiative , led by the National Governors Assn. and the Council of Chief State School Officers , were written very quickly ; California last rewrote its standards in the 1990s , and the process took years .
There ’s also pressure from the Obama administration for states to adopt the standards by Aug.
2 ; those that do get extra points in their Race to the Top applications for federal education reform grants .
On top of that , the Legislature passed a bill that all but committed California to the standards before they had even been seen .
Such important decisions should not be rushed , especially for the mere possibility of winning a grant that represents less than 2 % of what California spends each year on schools .
Yet , for once , political pressure and doing the right thing for education coincide .
The document that has emerged from the initiative is a thoughtful and exciting design for learning that emphasizes critical thinking , sophisticated writing and building on students ’ skills and knowledge so that they are prepared to succeed at the next step , especially in math .
It is flexible enough to provide for the needs of college - bound students and those who plan on a job after high school , an improvement over recent pushes to demand a college - prep curriculum for all students .
Advertisement
The common core standards are easily the most useful and important reform to come out of the Obama administration ’s education policy .
Instead of trying to manage structural issues such as how states evaluate teachers or whether they have large numbers of charter schools , the standards revolve around the fundamentals : what students should learn , and how they should learn it .
The administration wisely did n’t try to impose national education standards after previous attempts fell apart over the right of states to regulate their schools .
Rather , Education Secretary Arne Duncan bemoaned the uneven standards across the nation — with many states falling perilously short of preparing their students for college or a decent job — and left it to the states to respond with their own initiative .
It will be up to each state to decide if it wants to adopt the resulting plan .
If it does , the state cannot weaken the standards in any way , but it can add to them , as long as the result retains at least 85 % common core standards .
California ’s standards commission has been struggling with that issue this week .
California ’s concerns
Advertisement
One of the chief complaints in California , from those who have supported the idea of requiring all eighth - graders to take Algebra 1 , is that the standards would build more flexibility into the state ’s math program .
The standards call for teaching some algebra skills in eighth grade , but spreads them out over subsequent grades as well .
California could decide to add to the standards by requiring all typical Algebra 1 activities to take place in eighth grade , but it would be a mistake to do so .
The eighth - grade requirement , which has been challenged in court , was poorly thought out .
Close to half of California ’s students do n’t take algebra by eighth grade , and about 40 % who do are not proficient in it by the end of the year .
The standards outline a more sensible approach of making sure that students grasp the necessary skills as they progress .
In fact , it ’s very similar to the way algebra is taught in Japan , one of the world ’s most successful countries at teaching math .
Some English teachers might blanch because the standards deemphasize the study of literature and instead stress the importance of training students , from the earliest years , to read more nonfiction — from newspapers to textbooks and primary research papers — and develop better skills at pulling information from those readings , using it to build cogent arguments and analysis .
Colleges and universities have long complained that students reach higher education without the necessary adeptness at extracting information from written sources , thinking about it critically and writing about it masterfully .
Employers complain that job - seekers are inept at comprehending and following instruction manuals or at using critical - thinking skills to reach useful conclusions .
Literature should remain an important component of English education ; the ability to unlock the world of stories is how children first get excited about reading .
But there has been too little focus in California ’s public schools on thinking analytically and too much emphasis on the five - paragraph essay .
One topic the standards do not address adequately is the education of students who are not fluent in English .
This is where California should concentrate when it comes to adding to the standards .
Advertisement
But the state board does n’t need to address any of these concerns in order to approve the standards on Aug .
2 . It can take time to refine its amendments .
Implementation of the standards is expected to take place over the next four years .
Making it happen
The standards encourage a different kind of instruction than California ’s teachers have been urged to do over the past several years .
They should open pathways to more creative classroom work .
But California ’s experience shows that high standards do n’t necessarily translate into a first - rate education .
California will have to change its curriculum to match the standards , and that will mean eliminating topics or books that are held dear by one group or another and completely refashioning its approach .
The state — and the nation as a whole — will need much better textbooks than are now widely available .
Those books should have richer content , better writing and fewer flashy but distracting graphic elements .
Teachers must be well trained .
Advertisement
Finally , teachers cannot change how they teach until better standardized tests are devised to reflect this welcome change in pedagogical thinking .
Such tests will have fewer fill - in - the - bubble questions ; instead , they will examine whether students can think through a mathematical process , understand concepts , read critically and write with persuasion and grace .
Fortunately , if dozens of states are working on these issues together , all of this will cost less and happen more quickly , because the states can share the expense of devising new textbook requirements , professional development and tests .
There will be no need for each state to reinvent the academic wheel .
California should become one of those states , starting with these common academic standards that are demanding enough to be proud of and engaging enough to touch off an era of more meaningful classroom instruction .
Some years , it seems like summer is nothing but a string of weekends spent at weddings of friends and family .
And if you 're attending a number of weddings this summer , you 'll no doubt find yourself at a reception with one of my favorite nutty confections — the Jordan almond .
So how did this candy become so ingrained in wedding culture ?
Well , it 's about more than just the pastel colors that can be custom blended to match the bride 's dress .
While ancient Romans ate honey - coated nuts and seeds when celebrating births and marriages , Jordan almonds as we know them today got their start when Europeans were introduced to sugar cane in the fifteenth century .
The sweet coating around the almond proved irresistible and people could n't get enough .
The sugared almonds were served at celebrations and special events .
When Lucrezia Borgia ( daughter of Pope Alexander VI ) married her third husband , Alfonso d'Este , the Duke of Ferrara , guests at the banquet gobbled up more than 260 pounds of Jordan almonds by the end of the night .
Along with the sugary shell , a great deal of symbolism and lore coats these almonds .
At Greek weddings , the candies are only given out in odd numbers ( usually five ) , which are indivisible — just as the newly married couple should be .
And if an unmarried woman puts a Jordan almond under her pillow , it 's said that she 'll dream of her future husband .
To the Italians , five Jordan almonds symbolize five wishes for the bridge and groom : health , happiness , fertility , financial stability , and longevity .
In the Middle East , too , Jordan almonds have an association with fertility ; they are considered an aphrodisiac and are made readily available to guests and newlyweds at marriages .
And in most cultures , the pairing of the bittersweet almond and sugar combination is a reminder of the good and hard times the couple will face in their life together .
Annie , one of our summer interns at Peanut Butter & Co. , even came across this poem , which is meant to be placed inside a tulle satchel filled with Jordan almonds and passed out to guests as party favors :
Five sugared almonds for each guest to eat /
To remind us that life is both bitter and sweet /
Five wishes for the new husband and wife /
Health , wealth , happiness , children , and a long life !
When was the last time you were presented with Jordan almonds at a celebration ?
And if you 're married , did you serve them to your guests ?
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A Zapiro cartoon published in the Mail & Guardian has angered Muslims countrywide and the SA Muslim Judicial Council on Saturday called on its followers to express their condemnation and disapproval of it .
“ The Muslim community takes this opportunity to express the deep hurt it feels at the caricaturing of the Prophet Muhammad in the M&G , ” the council ’s website said .
“ The Muslim leadership appeals to all Muslims to express their condemnation and disapproval of this latest insult on the Muslim community in a responsible and dignified manner . ”
The cartoon depicts Muhammad lying on a couch and complaining to a psychologist that “ other prophets have followers with a sense of humour ” .
“ Muslims in South Africa have struggled and sacrificed side by side with its fellow citizens to work for a free and democratic society based on the values of human dignity and honour to its entire people , ” the website said .
“ It is therefore extremely disappointing that the Mail & Guardian adopts this deplorable policy of complete disregard for the religious sensibilities of Muslims , a significant faith community of our country and likely a sizeable segment of the readership of the paper . ”
On Saturday , Muslims expressed their anger and outrage on Facebook and Twitter .
A comment posted on Facebook by Zainub Milan - Ming said : “ Zapiro stick to politics and leave religion alone .
Do you even have one ? ”
Interdict
The Council of Muslim Theologians on Thursday evening tried to stop this newspaper from publishing the cartoon .
An interdict was not granted , but on Friday morning M&G editor - in - chief Nic Dawes and other staff were fielding a flood of angry callers , and even death threats hit the newspaper ’s office .
“ You ’ve got to watch your back ” and “ This will cost him his life ” were some of the remarks made .
The cartoon followed the furore surrounding the Facebook page , “ Everybody Draw Muhammad Day ” , which was sparked by threats by a radical Muslim group against the creators of US TV series South Park for depicting the prophet in a bear suit .
But Zapiro ’s cartoon , published in Friday ’s M&G , was far gentler in its satire , depicting the prophet reclining on a psychiatrist ’s couch and bemoaning his followers ’ lack of humour .
When Dawes first saw the cartoon he said he thought it “ a gentle and irreverent poke ” at the hysteria that had greeted the Facebook page .
This week Pakistan ordered all internet service providers to block Facebook , as well as YouTube for carrying “ un-Islamic content ” .
Dawes recounted how he received a call from an attorney from the council at about 8.30 pm on Thursday night — after the distribution process of the paper had begun .
“ He asked for an undertaking that we would stop distribution of the paper and remove the cartoon . ”
Dawes pointed out that this was impossible , and that in any event the M&G would not do so .
By 11.30 pm the newspaper ’s advocate had been pulled out of a dinner party and Dawes , along with the paper ’s investigation unit , found himself in the South Gauteng High Court ready to defend the M&G ‘s right to freedom of speech .
However , the council , or Jamiatul Ulama as it is also known , failed to provide the necessary papers for the M&G to answer .
It presented verbal evidence , but the judge ruled the interdict failed in terms of urgency , as the newspaper was already available in some outlets and the cartoon had already been published on the M&G ‘s website .
It was a case of trying to close the stable doors after the horse had bolted , the newspaper ’s counsel pointed out .
Furthermore , the judge found that the newspaper ’s rights had been compromised by not being provided with founding papers advising what the case against it was .
While the council pleaded with the judge not to throw the case out on technical grounds , she answered that “ as a judge and as a Muslim I am bound by our Constitution and the rules of our courts ” .
Earlier , the judge made a decision to not recuse herself , saying her own religious background would n’t influence her .
Violent backlash
The Council of Muslim Theologians is the same organisation that succeeded in preventing the Sunday Times in 2006 from republishing the controversial Danish cartoons of the prophet .
During Thursday ’s application the council repeatedly raised the spectre of a violent backlash , saying that the timing of the cartoon was bad because of a possible threat to the Soccer World Cup .
It added that while it would n’t advocate violence , it could n’t necessarily guarantee that there would n’t be any .
“ We very much saw that as a threat , and our counsel vigorously objected , ” said Dawes .
The judge upheld the objection .
While the council was unhappy with the court ’s decision , it agreed to meet Dawes to take the discussion forward .
“ The M&G is a platform for debate , ” Dawes emphasised , adding that everyone was welcome to engage in debate and discussion with the paper .
“ My view is no cartoon is as insulting to Islam as the assumption Muslims will react with violence . ” – Sapa and M&G reporter
is demanding that the Pentagon explain how war contractor
may have been granted immunity from harming any soldier or civilian in Iraq .
In a sharply worded letter Wednesday , Blumenauer gave the secretary of defense five days to produce details of KBR 's claims of indemnification .
The details of a secret agreement have emerged in a U.S. District Court case in Portland and were reported Tuesday in The Oregonian .
Blumenauer said he plans to take his concerns to colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee .
" I find this mind - numbing , " Blumenauer said after sending the letter to
.
Twenty - six
veterans who guarded KBR employees restoring Iraqi oil production in 2003 are suing the contractor , claiming the contractor knowingly or negligently exposed them to a cancer - causing chemical .
Another 140 Indiana National Guard veterans have filed a similar suit .
KBR defends its conduct at the Qarmat Ali water - treatment plant , saying it " was governed at all times by the terms of its contract with the United States military . "
Hexavalent Chromium
Twenty - six
veterans who guarded KBR employees restoring Iraqi oil production in 2003 are suing the contractor , claiming the contractor knowingly or negligently exposed them to a cancer - causing chemical .
Another 140 Indiana National Guard veterans have filed a similar suit .
KBR defends its conduct at the Qarmat Ali water - treatment plant , saying it " was governed at all times by the terms of its contract with the United States military . "
But during a June 22 deposition in the Portland case , Chris Heinrich , a Texas attorney for KBR , revealed his company had performed contingency planning in 2002 that identified hazards in the Iraqi oil fields , well before the invasion .
After KBR had signed its no- bid
contract and as the coalition invasion was taking place in March 2003 , Heinrich said he went to the Pentagon himself to demand immunity for KBR 's restoration work .
Heinrich told Army officials that KBR refused to do the job unless granted " broad coverage . "
KBR required that the U.S. Treasury -- taxpayers and not the contractor -- pay for any property damage , injury or death of any soldier or civilian working at a KBR site .
That applied even if the harm resulted from KBR negligence .
" We proposed some language that we preferred to have in terms of the indemnification , " Heinrich said , adding that the agreement was typed up during that single meeting with an Army attorney .
Heinrich said an amended contract was signed shortly afterward by the secretary of the army -- at the time Tom White -- or someone at the " secretariat level . "
Despite seven years of war and months of discovery in the U.S. District Court case in Portland , that clause remained secret until Heinrich 's testimony under oath .
A furious Blumenauer sent a letter to Gates , saying , " I am deeply concerned that the Department 's contracts appear to leave the U.S. service members doubly exposed : first to the unsafe environment created by these contractors and second as taxpayers potentially paying for the legal defense of the very contractors causing harm . "
KBR , which in 2007 split from its parent company , Halliburton , maintains in press releases that the Iraqis left the cancer - causing chemical and " immediately after we became aware of potential contamination ... KBR began working with the military to conduct air and soil testing at the site and posted signs in English and Arabic to advise of the presence of the chemical . "
KBR said that U.S. and British forces at the Qarmat Ali plant also performed " a multitude of medical and environmental tests in 2003 and concluded that there were no long term health risks associated with the soldiers ' brief exposures . "
" It is apparent that since the plaintiffs cannot sue the Army , they are instead taking action against KBR . "
Dozens of National Guard soldiers claim lung , stomach and skin problems as a result of guarding KBR civilians at
.
Two Indiana soldiers and one Oregonian who served there have since died of cancer .
Blumenauer also asked for a list of contractors with similar indemnification and whether Congress was ever notified .
He told The Oregonian that downsizing the military and outsourcing to private contractors has been costly .
" We now have more civilian contractors in Afghanistan than we have soldiers , " Blumenauer said .
" That has been used to hide the scale of the activity and do war on the cheap .
But as we look back , there are lots of hidden costs , including the safety and the well - being of our soldiers . "
In the Portland case , Oregon veterans await a decision by U.S. Magistrate Judge Paul Papak who is considering KBR 's second motion to dismiss .
--
Cricket Australia says it will support New Zealand Cricket 's nominee for the ICC vice - presidency , all but ending John Howard 's chances of taking the role .
Mr Howard was put forward by the boards of Australia and New Zealand as their candidate but rejected by the ICC board .
It is the first time the ICC has rejected a nominee for the vice - presidency .
In a statement on Friday , CA said it would not be suggesting any other names for the role and would instead support New Zealand Cricket 's nominee , chairman Alan Isaac .
CA chairman Jack Clarke expressed the board 's disappointment in the ICC 's lack of support for the jointly - nominated Mr Howard , citing the Australian and New Zealand bodies ' compliance with the nomination process .
" We still have been given no official reason why a strongly - credentialed candidate of Mr Howard 's qualifications , skill and stature was not supported , " he said .
" Our directors were today very strongly of the view that Mr Howard continues to be the best candidate CA could nominate .
" We are not prepared to suggest another candidate but given it is clear Mr Howard will not be supported , we clearly have to consider a new approach . "
CA spokesman Peter Young says Australian cricket must now move on .
" Look you have your disappointments .
But our chairman Jack Clarke has said that it's not an issue of taking your bat and ball and going home , " he said .
" We 've gone to the world twice , we 've been rejected twice .
That is very disappointing .
But we have a responsibility to Australian cricket to get on with the game and we 'll be doing that . "
Clarke says CA is pleased to support New Zealand Cricket 's nominee Alan Isaac .
" Alan has a strong cricket and sporting administrative background but the relevant benefit he brings to the table is his strong record as an expert practitioner and adviser in organisational governance and his business and financial acumen . "
It is believed Mr Howard 's tough stance against Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe 's regime , and past criticism of retired Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralidaran 's action , were key factors in the ICC 's decision to veto the joint bid .
The staff at Banham Zoo are ‘ otterly ' delighted with the birth of two Asian Small - clawed Otter pups .
The babies have recently started coming out of the den to play with their one - year - old sibling Makati , mother Tilly , and father Sam .
Photo Credit : Banham Zoo
The two cubs were born on May 22 and are the second litter for Tilly and Sam .
As experienced parents , Tilly and Sam share care of the pups are showing excellent parenting skills .
For the first eight to 10 weeks of life , Otter pups remain tucked away in the den with mom and dad .
In fact , the keepers were only able to discern that Tilly had given birth when she stopped coming outside to be fed .
Once the pups were heard squealing from within the nest box there was no doubt that babies had been born .
The pups are now beginning to venture out of their nest box to explore their outdoor habitat .
They will soon undergo their first veterinary exam , where their genders will be determined .
In the coming weeks , Tilly and Sam will start giving swimming lessons and impart other essential skills to their offspring , just as they would in their native habitat .
The Asian Small - clawed Otter is the smallest of all Otter species .
These Otters inhabit shallow , fast - flowing waters in southeast Asia and feed on crabs , snails , frogs , young birds , eggs , fish and small mammals .
The species is classified as Vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
Habitat destruction from farming , water pollution , hunting , and overfishing have led to a rapid decline in the Otters ’ numbers in the wild .
The IUCN estimates the global population of Asian Small - clawed Otters has declined by up to 30 % over the last 30 years .
See more photos of the Otters below .
Just as fans were leaving Hall H after the Tron : Legacy presentation , Disney revealed a few surprises for those still present .
The first was a greeting from Johnny Depp in character as Capt .
Jack Sparrow ( more on this in another story ) , the second was a teaser of a brand new film based on Disneyland 's Haunted Mansion attraction , directed by Guillermo del Toro .
And now we know why he backed out of The Hobbit .
Del Toro talked about his love for the ride , which he has been visiting regularly since it first opened in 1969 .
" This , for me , is one of the few Holy Grails in life , because to me the Haunted Mansion is the most precious real estate on Earth , " del Toro told the audience .
" Referring to the previous Haunted Mansion film released in 2003 , del Toro said , " We are not returning Eddie Murphy 's calls .
We are not making it a comedy .
" The film will be in live action , and ( what did you expect ? ) 3D .
Del Toro promised an E - ticket ride that will be " true to the spirit and art and aesthetic of the original imaginers that created the Mansion . "
He said it will be scary and fun at the same time , " but the scary will be scary .
"
The story will revolve around the character of the Hatbox Ghost , as seen in the attic portion of the ride .
A new mythology centered on the mansion as the most haunted place in the world , will revolve around this pivotal character .
Del Toro ended his brief appearance commenting , " This is a dream come true , and I hope to steal as many props as possible . "
As with the rest of the global renewable energy sector , China ’s renewables policy has evolved considerably over recent years .
Here are the latest major developments and market trends .
China ’s Latest Leap : An Update on Renewables Policy
Renewable energy in China continues to play an increasingly important and strategic role in the country ’s energy development .
Total renewable power capacity in China reached 226 GW in 2009 , including 197 GW of hydro , 25.8 GW of wind , 3.2 GW of biomass , and 0.4 GW of grid - connected solar PV .
This total was more than one quarter of China ’s total installed power capacity of 860 GW .
And , significantly , during the five - year period 2005 – 2009 , wind power grew thirty - fold , from just 0.8 GW at the end of 2004 .
China is now second only to the United States in total wind capacity , and tied with long - time leader Germany .
China surpassed both of those countries in new capacity added in 2009 , at 13.8 GW .
Also added in 2009 were 22 GW of new hydro , 0.4 GW of new biomass power , and 160 MW of additional grid- connected solar PV .
Installations of grid - connected solar PV also accelerated in 2009 as the first beginnings of a true domestic market emerged .
In addition , there were small capacity amounts existing for both geothermal , at 34 MW , and marine energy with some 4 MW .
China ’s wind turbine manufacturing industry became the largest in the world in just four short years , with three Chinese producers now in the top 10 globally , according to the latest BTM report : Sinovel , Goldwind and Dongfang – see page 32 for more details on this .
More than 80 domestic manufacturing firms now exist and most Chinese turbines are now in the 1.5 –2 MW class , in comparison with earlier years when sub - 1 MW models still accounted for a large proportion of turbine production .
China is now also the largest manufacturer of solar PV , supplying almost 40 % of all solar PV worldwide in 2009 .
About 4 GW / year of manufacturing capacity existed by the end of 2009 and more than 500 solar PV firms were established .
The top - three Chinese producers were Suntech ( 704 MW in 2009 ) , Baoding Yingli ( 525 MW ) , and Jingao ( JA ) Solar ( 524 MW ) .
In other market developments , the solar hot water market continued to boom , increasing from 31 million m2 ( 22 GWth ) added in 2008 to 42 million m2 ( 29 GWth ) added in 2009 , partly as a result of a new rural energy subsidy programme for home appliances , for which solar hot water qualifies .
The total existing solar hot water capacity increased to 145 million m2 , or enough for 60 million households ( assuming 2.5 m2 of absorber each ) .
The period 2008 –2009 also saw the beginning of offshore wind power development , with bidding underway for at least one 70 MW project and several hundred megawatts planned across a number of other projects .
Looking to the future , the government ’s current draft plan calls for 300 GW of hydropower , 150 GW of wind power , 30 GW of biomass power , and 20 GW of solar PV , for a total of 500 GW of renewable power capacity by 2020 .
This would be almost one - third of China ’s expected total power capacity of 1600 GW by 2020 .
These targets are not yet official , and lower targets ( totalling 362 GW ) established as part of the 2007 ‘ Medium and Long - Term Development Plan for Renewable Energy in China ’ still govern .
However , 500 GW of renewable power capacity by 2020 is also implied by existing renewable energy portfolio standards for major utilities , based on calculations by the China Renewable Energy Industries Association .
Those portfolio standards require utilities to achieve 8 % of capacity and 3 % of power generation from non -hydro renewables by 2020 .
Many of these market developments can be traced back to the enactment of the landmark 2005 Renewable Energy Law , which took effect in 2006 with the passage of detailed implementing regulations .
A provision for renewable portfolio standards ( also called ‘ mandated market share ’ ) was a key element of that law , along with feed - in tariffs for biomass , ‘ government - guided ’ prices for wind power , an obligation for utilities to purchase all renewable power generated , new financing mechanisms and guarantees , and other market - enhancing provisions .
Complementing the law was a wind - power ‘ concession ’ programme which was in place during 2003 –2007 and which added 3.4 GW through annual competitive project bidding .
And other R&D policies have been ongoing .
Above : Turbine nacelles being manufactured in Dalian , China
Recent changes to renewables policy in China , including 2009 amendments to the 2005 Renewable Energy Law and a number of other new policies enacted during 2008 – 2009 , are outlined below .
Update of 2005 Renewable Energy Law
An update to the original 2005 renewable energy law was adopted by the National People ’s Congress in December 2009 and took effect 1 April , 2010 .
This update contained three main provisions :
More detailed planning and co-ordination is to be required , including co-ordination of renewables with overall electric power sector development and transmission planning , and co-ordination of local - ( provincial - ) level development with national development plans .
In addition , the roles and responsibilities of electric power companies are to be further elaborated in relation to grid- interconnection of renewable energy generators and definition of different classes of renewable generators ( including small - scale generators with positive net power production ) .
The law revisions also address areas such as energy storage and smart grids .
One reason for these grid - related provisions was that the renewables sector has been growing so fast , especially wind power , that the process of transmission planning and interconnection was falling behind wind turbine installations .
Although not widespread , some completed wind capacity lacked transmission access , mostly in the cases of ‘ rogue ’ or unapproved projects not coordinated with national planning .
Transmission bottlenecks to seven designated geographic ‘ bases ’ for wind power may become a significant issue in the future .
The bases are Gansu / Yumen , East Inner - Mongolia , West Inner - Mongolia , Xinjiang / Hami , North Hebei , West Jilin , and Jiangsu Coastline .
In addition , many sources are now reporting time lags in the operational status of completed turbines due to the time required for interconnection , testing , certification , and final approvals .
These time lags are mostly related to personnel and administration bottlenecks rather than infrastructure issues , and do not appear to be serious obstacles .
Provisions were strengthened to guarantee that electric utilities purchase all renewable power generated .
Previously , utilities were only obligated if there was sufficient power demand on the grid .
Now , utilities must buy the power in all circumstances , but can then transfer the power to the national grid company for use elsewhere .
The revisions to the law also add deadlines and economic penalties for utilities failing to comply with this guaranteed - purchase requirement .
A renewable energy fund under the Ministry of Finance as part of the 2005 law was strengthened and consolidated .
Previously , the fund was collecting a 0.4 fen / kWh ( 0.06 US cents / kWh ) surcharge on electric power sales nation - wide ( with some customer classes exempt ) .
The Ministry applies those funds to the costs of government - supported renewable energy projects and the costs of feed - in tariffs .
However , the surcharge has not kept pace with expenditures , so the new revisions allow the Ministry to supplement the renewable energy fund from general revenues .
Other Policy Changes 2008 –2009
Many other policy changes have occurred recently .
Among them , the target for the share of renewable energy was changed .
In 2006 , China adopted a target for 15 % share of primary energy to come from renewables by 2020 , up from 8 % in 2006 .
This target has now been revised in two respects .
Firstly , the new target is for a 15 % share of final energy consumption .
This change puts China ’s target on the same accounting footing as the European Union , which adopted a target in 2008 for a 20 % share of final energy by 2020 .
In general , a 15 % final energy target implies a larger quantity of renewables than a 15 % primary energy target .
However , the second revision to the China target changed the scope from ‘ renewables ’ to ‘ non- fossil - fuel sources ’ , which includes nuclear .
Nuclear power currently provides less than a 0.3 % share of final energy in China , but will increase by 2020 , so the net impact on total renewables by 2020 of the target change is complicated to assess .
Meanwhile , there was also a new carbon intensity target .
China announced in December 2009 that it would reduce the carbon intensity of GDP by 40 % –45 % by 2020 , relative to 2005 intensity levels .
China historically has targeted energy - intensity in many sectors individually as part of its energy - efficiency improvement plans , and the carbon - intensity target can generally be viewed as a variation and aggregation of these existing energy - intensity targets .
For example , the country ’s Eleventh Five Year Plan for 2006 – 2010 aimed to increase energy efficiency by 20 % over the five years , including increases in efficiency of pumps , fans , and boilers , and lower energy intensities for materials like steel and cement .
The government also changed wind power feed - in tariffs .
The 2005 Renewable Energy Law authorized feed - in tariffs for wind power based on ‘ government guided ’ prices , which evolved year - by - year as competitive bidding for wind power capacity resulted in standardized or ‘ approved ’ prices , generally on a province - by - province basis .
However , in August 2009 , a new feed - in tariff regime was established for wind power .
Four specific tariffs were established nationwide , to be applied on a regional basis based on geographic wind resources .
The lowest tariff is RMB0.51 / kWh ( 7.5 US cents / kWh ) , for the best resource regions of Inner Mongolia and parts of Xinjiang .
The second and third levels are RMB0.54 / kWh ( 7.9 US cents / kWh ) , and RMB0.58 / kWh ( 8.5 US cents / kWh ) for more average regions throughout large sections of the country such as parts of western , central and north - eastern China .
Finally , the fourth level is RMB0.61 / kWh ( 9.0 US cents / kWh ) for the least - favourable resource regions .
The tariffs were established to be consistent with prices from previously approved projects in these provinces / regions over the past three years .
However , the tariffs apply to onshore wind projects only as the tariffs for offshore wind projects have not yet been established .
The biomass feed - in tariff has also been amended .
The previous feed - in tariff for biomass , established under the 2005 law , was a RMB0.25 / kWh ( 3.7 US cents / kWh ) premium added to a province - specific coal power generation price .
The new premium was increased to RMB0.35 / kWh ( 5.2 US cents / kWh ) .
Another significant change has been the elimination of the wind turbine domestic content requirement .
China previously required wind turbines installed in China to have at least 70 % ‘ domestic content ’ in terms of the value of incorporated materials and components .
This requirement was dropped in 2010 as no longer necessary , as virtually all turbine installations were Chinese - produced products .
Another recent change exempts renewable energy projects from local ( provincial ) income taxation .
However , this may have the effect , perhaps unintended , of reducing the incentives for provincial governments to support renewable energy projects , unless local manufacturing enterprises also benefit .
Turning to the solar sector , new solar PV subsidies have been introduced .
The so - called ‘ Golden Sun ’ programme was initiated in 2009 , providing capital subsidies for solar PV installations through 2011 on a project - by - project basis .
Off - grid ( stand- alone ) installations receive 70 % capital subsidies while grid - connected installations receive 50 % subsidies .
Qualifying grid-connected installations must have a peak capacity of 300 kW or larger .
There are also programme caps , which limit the overall quantity of systems installed – under the terms of the programme installations in any given province are limited to 20 MW total .
Almost 300 projects have been proposed under the Golden Sun programme totalling 640 MW and entailing about RMB20 billion ( $ 2.9 billion ) of investment .
As a separate part of the programme , the Ministries of Finance and Construction are providing subsidies of RMB15 / watt ( $ 2.20 / watt ) for grid - connected solar PV and RMB20 / watt ( $ 2.90 / watt ) for building - integrated PV .
Eligible installations must be 50 kW or larger , and must utilize solar PV modules of minimum efficiency levels ( 16 % for mono - crystalline , 14 % for poly - crystalline , and 6 % for amorphous ) .
In 2010 , the subsidy levels were reduced to RMB13 / watt ( $ 1.90 / watt ) for grid - connected and RMB17 / watt ( $ 2.50 / watt ) for building - integrated .
There is also a new solar PV bidding programme .
Similar to the early development of the wind power industry , the government initiated a competitive bidding programme for solar PV projects .
This programme is creating new benchmark tariffs for solar PV ( so - called ‘ approved price levels ’ ) on the basis of competitive bidding .
One example was a bidding process in Dunhuang , in Gansu Province in 2009 for two 10 MW projects .
Bid prices ranged as low as RMB0.69 / kWh ( 10.1 US cents / kWh ) , and resulted in an approved price of RMB1.09 / kWh .
Another approved price was RMB1.15 / kWh ( 16.9 US cents / kWh ) in April 2010 for four projects in Ningxia totalling 40 MW .
Finally , there are new provincial - level solar PV preferential tariffs .
The provinces of Zhejiang and Jiangsu have established province - wide preferential tariffs for solar PV .
In Zhejiang , the tariff was set as a premium of RMB0.70 / kWh ( 10.3 US cents / kWh ) added to the province - average coal power generation price which was RMB0.46 / kWh in 2009 ( 6.8 US cents / kWh ) , thus producing a total tariff of RMB1.16 / kWh ( 17 US cents / kWh ) .
Jiangsu set preferential tariffs significantly higher than Zhejiang , and also established a range of tariffs depending on technology type : RMB2.1 / kWh ( 31 US cents / kWh ) for ground - based systems , RMB3.7 / kWh ( 54 US cents / kWh ) for roof - top , and RMB4.3 / kWh ( 63 US cents / kWh ) for building - integrated ( all 2009 levels ) .
Jiangsu also slated tariffs to decrease progressively , to 1.7/3.0/3.5 in 2010 and to 1.4/2.4/2.9 in 2011 , respectively .
However , the Zhejiang and Jiangsu preferential tariffs were not considered ‘ approved ’ prices at the national level in principle , which means the money to cover the tariffs comes from provincial budgets rather than national funds .
China still faces many challenges in expanding renewable energy , including training of skilled engineers , expanding research and development institutions , improving the operational experience and performance of wind turbines , reducing transmission bottlenecks for wind power , addressing time lags in testing and certifying new wind turbine installations , conducting more detailed resource assessments , aggregating biomass resource collection , integrating renewables into overall power sector planning and design at both macro and distributed levels , and continued policy development and adjustment .
Also , grid - based electricity storage and smart - grid operation will become important .
Nonetheless , China ’s renewables industries have hardly suffered from the recent global economic problems , and the period 2010 – 2020 looks promising .
Further reading : Renewables 2010 Global Status Report , REN21 , July 2010 ; Powering China ’s Development : The Role of Renewable Energy , by Eric Martinot and Li Junfeng , Worldwatch Institute , 2007 ; Recommendations for Improving the Effectiveness of Renewable Energy Policies in China , REN21 , 2009 .
All available at www.martinot.info and www.ren21.net
Eric Martinot is senior research director at the Institute for Sustainable Energy Policies in Tokyo , visiting scholar at Tsinghua University in Beijing , and research associate of the China Renewable Energy Industries Association .
Li Junfeng is deputy director - general of the Energy Research Institute of the China National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) and secretary - general of the China Renewable Energy Industries Association .
The massive commercial real estate market is already plaguing the weak balance sheets of banks .
It is the case that each Friday , we are likely to see one U.S. bank fail because due to high levels of commercial real estate ( CRE ) debt on their books .
This market is likely to cause the failure of hundreds of banks and put the economy down into another real estate funk .
The amount of commercial real estate transactions shows no sign of recovery in this market .
And why would there be any recovery ?
This is an area for hotels , strip malls , condos , and other projects that usually reflect a healthy and growing economy .
We do not have that and the problems embedded in CRE are going to stifle any growth for years to come .
First , we should look at the trend in commercial real estate prices :
Source : MIT
The above chart is extremely helpful in showing how quickly bubbles can grow but also , how fast they can deflate .
It took 7 years for prices to peak and only one year for prices to collapse .
We have seen similar trends in the residential real estate market .
The crash is rather obvious but why did it happen ?
The reason prices collapsed so fast was that it was a speculative boom .
Lending became much too easy with the Federal Reserve flooding the system with easy capital trying to find a home .
In more sober times , CRE deals were scrutinized with a due diligence and it was inspected to produce cash flow from day one with sizeable down payments and strong financial reports .
But this is not the case and many of these giant deals ended up going the way of the little to nothing down world of residential real estate .
The market in CRE is enormous .
This market is over $ 3.5 trillion and is likely to damage the regional banks much more deeply than larger banks that have a taxpayer safety net :
Source : T2 Partners
The current weakness in the economy is a realization that problems are still deep in the system .
Think of how large the CRE market is .
Roughly $ 3.5 trillion in debt secured by casinos , strip malls , empty condo projects , and other real estate that likely is underwater .
Keep in mind that at one point this market was over $ 6 trillion in value .
The CRE market looks to be valued at $ 3.5 trillion to $ 3 trillion with the same amount of loans outstanding .
In other words , the market sector is underwater .
The problems with commercial real estate have shown up in prime locations like San Francisco to Chicago .
These CRE debt problems are not a reflection of poor areas as we are at times led to believe .
These were high flying speculative bets that were only successful as long as the pipeline to greater fools was in place .
When that line quickly dried up , so did the system and all the funding that kept the game going .
It was the perfect definition of a bubble .
If we really want to see how quickly things have dried up in this market take a look at the following :
Source : Real Estate Channel
“ At the peak in 2007 $ 522 billion in sales transactions took place .
In 2009 it collapsed to $ 52 billion , a drop of 90 percent . ”
This is why the CRE market is the next shoe to drop and with so much debt outstanding it is going to put an incredible amount of pressure on already weak balance sheets .
What is even worse is that the U.S. taxpayer is going to be likely on the hook for all these speculative bad bets .
If you have n’t noticed the bailouts do n’t do much for the real economy except shoring up the investment banks on Wall Street .
The amount of lending in this market has dried up and so have profits in this arena .
Now the piper needs to be paid but with what money ?
How can you service your commercial real estate debt if you do n’t have any money coming in ?
This is where delinquencies are spiking .
It is also the case that the peak years for CRE debt maturities wo n’t hit until 2011 and 2012 :
Source : Real Estate Channel
Unless CRE prices miraculously recover the problems are only going to get deeper in this market .
Commercial real estate unlike residential real estate has quicker turnover rates on their loans .
That is , many of the loans need to be rolled over every 5 to 7 years .
Normally on a cash flowing property this is no problem but with trillions of dollars underwater , this is a major issue coming down the road .
The FDIC with a negative deposit insurance fund is taking over banks on a weekly basis and is having a firsthand look at the tremendous amount of bad debt on bank balance sheets .
Banks clearly understand what sits on their balance sheet and if anything , nonperforming loan volume has shot up :
Source : Bankregdata
Throw in CRE debt , troubled residential mortgages , defaults with credit cards , auto repos , and all other debt instruments and you can understand why the chart above is spiking .
But think of it this way ; the credit card market is approximately $ 850 billion in debt outstanding while CRE debt is up to $ 3.5 trillion .
What do you think is going to cause bigger pain down the line ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Signed , sealed , delivered .
Your wedding invitations are one of the most important elements of your day because they provide guests with crucial information ( as does your wedding website , which can house all of the essential details like your venue info , registry and your guest list ) .
Since stationery is an extension of your personalized wedding , you 'll want to select a design that resonates with you , the couple .
( The Knot Invitations offers a variety of layouts and colors so you can personalize your wedding stationery to reflect you ) .
Still , there are some questions that may arise as you take care of your wedding invitations or save - the - dates ( for example , when are you supposed to send them out ? ) .
Here are some answers to your most pressing wedding - invite - related questions .
1 . When should we send out our wedding invitations ?
Traditionally , invitations go out six to eight weeks before the wedding .
That gives guests plenty of time to clear their schedules and make travel arrangements if they do n't live in town .
If it 's a destination wedding , give guests more time and send them out three months ahead of the wedding .
Most couples also send out save - the - date cards so that their guests can hold the day in their calendar before getting into the nitty - gritty details .
Save - the - dates typically are sent out six to eight months before the wedding .
2 . When should we make the deadline for RSVPs ?
Make your RSVP date two to three weeks before your wedding date to allow enough time for you to get a final head count to the caterer ( one week before ) and to finalize your seating chart .
If some guests still have n't responded by your deadline , give them a quick call and ask for their RSVPs ( still via mail ) so you have all their information .
3 . Where do we include information about our wedding website ?
Your wedding website should be included on your save - the - date .
A simple " TaylorandPayton.com , " is all you really need .
Many designs on The Knot Invitations give you space to list your registry info so your guests can purchase you a gift easily .
If you 'd like ( or if you do n't have save - the - dates ) , you can include the web address in the formal invitations with an insert ( a small card that informs guests they can find more details online ) .
4 . Should we include our registry info on our invitations or save - the - dates ?
Including registry info on the wedding invitations or save - the - dates is considered impolite because it can give the impression you 're asking for gifts .
But go ahead and put your registry info directly on your wedding website ( The Knot All - in - One Registry allows you to include links from all of the places you are registered ) .
If you 're planning on having a wedding shower , you can put your registry info on the bridal shower invitations ( there are so many fun designs to choose from on The Knot ) .
You can also tell your wedding party , parents and close friends where you 're registered , and let them fill guests in .
5 . We 're having an adults - only wedding ( no kids ) .
How can we make sure this is clear to our guests ?
Address your invitations correctly — to each guest by name , not " and guest " — and guests should understand that the invite is meant for only those mentioned .
If you find that some reply with their children 's names added , give them a call and explain you 're having an adults - only wedding and you hope they can still attend .
If there are a lot of kids in your family , you may want to consider hiring or arranging for a babysitter .
It 's definitely not required , but it 's a nice gesture .
Just be sure to include this information on the wedding website .
6 . How do we let guests know our dress code ?
The easiest way to get your point across is to include a dress code in the lower right - hand corner of the invite or on a reception card .
" Black tie , " " cocktail attire " or " casual attire " are all acceptable wordings .
( Trust us , your guests will appreciate the heads - up ) .
Your invitation design can also clue guests in .
An ultra - formal , traditional invite with letterpress and calligraphy will give guests a hint to the formal nature of the event , whereas an invite with a playful font and bright colors would fit a much more casual style .
Browse the different options on The Knot Invitations to find a design that reflects your wedding 's style .
Another option is to direct guests to your wedding website , where you can go into more detail about the weekend events and dress code in a more informal forum .
7 . Do we have to invite every guest with a date or a " plus-one " ?
No , you do n't have to .
If a guest is n't married or in a serious relationship , it 's perfectly acceptable to invite them solo .
Most guests will understand that without " and Guest " or another name on the invitation , they are n't invited with a plus - one .
While it 's always nice to invite everyone with a guest , that can add up quickly ( in terms of both headcount and cost ) .
If a guest RSVPs for two , call them and explain you 're trying to be diligent about your guest list , unfortunately , you were not able to invite everyone with a guest .
If you realize that nearly everyone will be coupled up , you might want to extend a plus - one invitation to your few single friends and family members .
8 . Where do you put the return address on wedding invitations ?
The return address usually goes on the back flap of the envelope .
Also , the return address used should be that of the person(s ) whom you 've designated to receive response cards , be it your parents or you ( traditionally , whoever is hosting the wedding handles response cards ) .
Do n't forget that the RSVP envelope should also be printed with this address ( and should include postage ) .
9 . If our wedding reception is for immediate family only , is it okay to invite people to the ceremony only ?
This is a tricky situation .
Standard etiquette dictates that everyone who attends the ceremony ( or wedding shower , engagement party or wedding reception ) should be invited to the wedding — that means the ceremony and the reception .
By inviting guests to one and not the other , it could send the message that you want them there for the actual ceremony but you either do n't want to pay for their plate at your party or do n't care enough to have them there to actually celebrate your newlywed status .
10 . I invited my friend and their S.O. ( by name on the invite ) to the wedding , but they recently broke up .
Now they want to bring a friend I do n't like — can I tell them no ?
If you worded the invitation by having their partner 's name on the envelope ( rather than " and guest " ) , you have every right to say no .
As a rule , invitations are nontransferable when people are invited by name .
Explain that you 're not friendly with their proposed guest and you 'd prefer the wedding be limited to close friends and family .
If you invited all of your single friends sans dates , let them know they wo n't be the only one coming solo ( in case that 's their worry ) .
Persian Isolation A Quiet Axis Forms Against Iran in the Middle East
Israel and the Arab states near the Persian Gulf recognize a common threat : the regime in Tehran .
A regional diplomat has not even ruled out support by the Arab states for a military strike to end Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
After almost 10 years of striking out in his search of a local pond for what could be Babe Ruth ’s piano , a Sudbury man thinks he is getting closer to hitting a home run .
Kevin Kennedy has been on the case for about 10 years , since he moved close to Willis Pond , where the famous Red Sox pitcher owned a cabin .
According to legend , Ruth pushed the piano onto the frozen pond in 1918 during a party .
On June 20 , a team of divers looking for the instrument recovered a 6 - square - foot piece of wood , which Kennedy says came from a piano .
“ We did n’t think it was anything , ’’ Kennedy said .
“ It just looked like plywood . ’’
Not so , said a Littleton piano craftsman when Kennedy showed him the wood .
“ He said it was the veneer of a piano , ’’ said Kennedy , 51 .
“ I took it to him three times because I could n’t believe it . ’’
For a second opinion , Kennedy took it to a West Concord wood expert , who told him it was piano veneer before he could ask .
The veneer is very fragile and has split into about eight pieces since being taken from the water , Kennedy said .
It is one - eighth of an inch thick .
The veneer is now under the stewardship of the Sudbury Historical Society at Town Hall , where it is stored in water in a lightproof case , said Lee Swanson , curator and archivist for the historical society .
The possibly historic veneer will not be on display because it is delicate , Swanson said .
“ It ’s been like a detective story the whole time , ’’ Swanson said .
“ It was very unusual .
You do n’t find large , flat pieces of wood underwater like that . ’’
The rest of the piano , or what is salvageable at least , may not be far behind , Kennedy said .
His diving team has found — but not yet removed — a large metal object in the pond .
Kennedy believes it ’s the piano ’s harp .
Kennedy said it is in the exact location where two local men , Steve and Charlie Barry , told him they tipped a decaying piano into the pond around 1973 .
Kennedy believes it could be Ruth ’s piano .
“ Could it be a block of an engine ?
I do n’t think so , but I want to find out , ’’ Kennedy said .
“ This story is profound for a lot of people .
It inspires the imagination . ’’
Kennedy said he is seeking an archeological diver to help remove the object without damaging it .
With the object ’s location pinpointed , Kennedy said he wants to extract it this summer , before someone else does .
If the object is the harp , Kennedy says he plans to restore it , put it in a new piano box , and give a final swan song to the Babe .
“ Every piano has a soul .
Every piano sounds different , ’’ he said .
“ We want to see what the Babe ’s piano sounds like . ’’
Christopher J. Girard can be reached at cgirard@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Welcome
EmpireHD is a family owned general contracting company serving our communities since 1994 .
We take pride in our honest approach in working with our client ’s needs … and strive to meet project expectations , budgets and timelines .
Please take a few moments to explore and learn about the various services we offer .
Then contact us with any questions you may have ( email or phone ) .
Pop culture can be as forbidding as it is inviting , particularly in areas that invite geeky obsession :
The more devotion a genre , series , or subculture inspires , the easier it is for the uninitiated to feel like they ’re on the outside looking in .
But geeks are n’t born ; they ’re made .
And sometimes it only takes the right starting point to bring newbies into various intimidatingly vast obsessions .
Gateways To Geekery is our regular attempt to help those who want to be enthralled , but are n’t sure where to start .
Want advice ?
Suggest future Gateways To Geekery topics by emailing gateways@theonion.com .
Advertisement
Geek obsession : The Marx brothers
Why it ’s daunting : Even with the Marx brothers ’ eternal status as one of America ’s greatest cinematic comedy teams , an increasing number of generations know about them more than they actually know them .
Aside from the fact that they gave Woody Allen a reason to live in Hannah And Her Sisters , a lot of younger viewers are n’t clear on why they should care about the Marx brothers .
As far as the young and the jaded are concerned , the group has a lot going against them :
Their films are in black and white , and often cluttered with corny musical numbers and hokey romantic subplots .
Many have their origins in musical theater , making them sometimes seem stiff and stagey .
Viewers who grew up before the cable and Internet eras got to see them thanks to frequent airings on syndicated television , but those days are long past .
Many Marx brothers films are no longer available as single - DVD editions , and must be rented or purchased as part of a box set .
In this era of mass multimedia saturation , it ’s become harder to see Marx films than it was in the ’60s and ’70s .
Advertisement
But the films of the Marx brothers — Groucho , Chico , Harpo , and initially Zeppo — are more than worth seeking out .
They ’re downright essential in understanding the way American comedy developed in the 20th century , influencing everything from the sitcom to the game show , and bringing together various comic strains into a unified whole that had a nearly inestimable influence on the way humor in this country was shaped .
The movies also helped mainstream previously isolated forms of Jewish comedy , assisted the transition of film comedy from the stage era to the modern age , and turned the Marxes into icons in an almost literal sense :
Many comedians still pattern their entire personas after one of the three best - known brothers .
And in an era where we question whether comedy from only a decade ago can still be relevant , their films remain incredibly funny as the oldest of them creep up on being a century old .
Possible gateway : 1930 ’s Animal Crackers
Why : Sometimes , with a Gateway To Geekery , you want to lead with an artist or group ’s first work .
In this case , that ’d be The Cocoanuts , which is a bad place to start with the Marxes because it ’s extraordinarily stagey even by the standards of 1920s talkies .
Alternatively , sometimes you want to lead with the best .
That ’d be Duck Soup , which we ’ll discuss later , but the big problem with starting there is that you have nowhere to go but down .
Instead , let ’s go with the team ’s second full - length film , based on a smash - hit play that ran nearly 200 performances : Animal Crackers .
Advertisement
While The Cocoanuts is the movie that made the Marx brothers , Animal Crackers is the one that made them superstars , and transformed them from a successful regional act to a nationally known group that would help transform the whole notion of movie comedy .
It still has a lot of staginess , but it ’s a vast improvement on its predecessor .
It maintains some of the creaky romantic elements that were forced upon most filmed entertainment of the day , and its plot is pure balderdash .
But Animal Crackers also has some genuinely funny songs , featuring the Marx brothers at the peak of their powers .
And they used months of practice and tons of clever improvisation to hone an already - excellent stage script by a team of comedy pros , plus Algonquin Round Tabler George S. Kaufman .
The plot , an utter trifle as it should be , involves the theft of a valuable painting during a party for Groucho , playing fabled explorer Jeffrey T. Spaulding .
The cast members are all deeply immersed in their roles : Harpo , whose reputation later settled into zany slapstick , is more of a force of nature , a shambling whirlwind of destruction who exists only to fuck everything up .
The reason his character worked so well , especially in quiet musical interludes , is that the rest of the time , he was just this side of terrifying .
Women took one look at him and ran , and for good reason .
He was n’t so much the wacky mime of the public imagination as a sort of rabid Tasmanian Devil , always on the verge of wrecking the plot .
Chico , likewise , is often reduced to the watsa - matta - you ethnic caricature who trades in groan - inducing puns , but he too had a much deeper role : the wise fool , and most importantly , the deflater of pretensions .
He ’s the one who can see through any disguise ( and who here calls out a high - society impostor as “ Abie the fishmonger ” ) , and , vital to almost all the Marx brothers ’ films , he ’s the one guy who can get one over on Groucho .
Advertisement
Groucho is the central figure here , playing the roles that would become key elements in so much American humor : the anarchic prankster , ignoring all propriety ; the wisecracking insult - monger , cozying up to authority figures ( to exploit them , of course ) but unable to stop himself from mocking them ; the author of brilliant wordplay and the assayer of dizzying absurdist humor that still amazes .
Even Zeppo gets his chance to , well , be Zeppo. Animal Crackers has some of the Marx brothers ’ greatest material :
The scene where Groucho has Zeppo dictate a letter is pure absurdist genius , and its loose , improvised feel is a testament to their skill as actors .
Groucho ’s wooing of wealthy society dames opens the gates to some amazing scenes , including his bizarre and memorable “ strange interlude , ” which was intended as a goof on Eugene O’Neill , but still stands up as a puncturing of heavy - handed , portentous dramatics .
Throw in the terrific song “ Hooray For Captain Spaulding , ” and some sly metahumor from Groucho and Chico ( “ Say , when did you get to be Italian ? ” ) , and you ’ve got a pretty good platform to judge whether you want more .
Next steps :
You could just follow the films chronologically at this point ; the brothers ’ next movie , Monkey Business , is a step backward in terms of stagey film work and dull subplots , but it also has some of their sharpest material , and is the first of their movies that Groucho does n’t completely dominate .
Horse Feathers is a lesser effort , but it has the amazing “ Swordfish ” scene , some tremendous physical bits from Harpo and Chico , and Groucho at his raciest .
( A lot of his material of this period ended up being cut because of pressure from the censors . )
Then you ’ll hit Duck Soup , which deserves every inch of the praise it ’s racked up over the years .
Everyone is unstoppable in this one : Groucho is at his most savagely anarchic , starting a war out of sheer peevishness .
Chico and Harpo are both fantastic , especially in a scene with a lemonade vendor that ’s like a three - man clinic on physical humor .
And for once , the material is up to the performers : the songs are good , the costumes imaginative ( and changed at such a rapid pace that it becomes a running gag ) , and though studio bosses at the time blamed its lack of a romantic subplot for its mediocre box - office performance and mixed reviews , now , that absence makes it glide along as smooth and fast as a hunting shark .
Stick around for their next two , a matched pair called A Night At The Opera ( 1935 ) and A Day At The Races ( 1937 ) .
Critics are often split on which is the better of the two ; my money ’s on the latter .
A scene where Groucho attempts to buy racing tips from crooked track tout Chico is one of the funniest , best - staged , best - acted bits in any of their films .
1938 ’s Room Service has its good qualities , but after that , their films suffered a pretty serious decline .
You ’ll also want to go back and catch up with Cocoanuts at some point .
Rough as it is , it still has great jokes and a keen sense of how the boys got to where they were .
Where not to start :
The Marx brothers ruled film comedy in the 1930s , and left an imprint that ’s still being felt many decades later .
But by the end of that decade , they were starting to run on fumes :
They had less access to good material , audiences ’ tastes had changed , and they ’d all had success in other fields and ventures , leaving them without the killer instinct to be the best that drove their previous work .
While most of their post - 1938 films have their moments , they just do n’t have the kind of performances , scripts , or pure unrefined craziness that made their earlier movies so great .
At The Circus ( 1939 ) , Go West ( 1940 ) , and The Big Store ( 1941 ) are all pretty mediocre , with occasional high spots ; the few moments of genius make them worth seeing , but they certainly should n’t serve as starting points .
While the brothers redeemed themselves to a degree with the underrated A Night In Casablanca , their first movie since the end of World War II , their hearts were n’t much in it .
They called it quits with 1949 ’s Love Happy .
According to local residents , about 20.00 a group of young people , numbering from 400 to 500 people attacked the administration of Khimki .
Young people chanted slogans : " Defend Russian forest " , " Strelchenko ( Chapter Khimki signed a decree on the construction of logging roads ) , hands off from the forest " , etc .
Having a column from the commuter train station and in front of him carrying a huge tranparant " Protecting our forest from the Nazi occupiers ! " , young people , according to eyewitnesses , the building started throwing stones and smoke bombs .
As a result , the building knocked out most of the glasses , there are other injuries .
After the " feast kamnemetaniya " lasted a few minutes of the youth managed to disperse .
The police did not detain anyone .
Local residents with not only sought to help the police , but expressed support for such radical action to protect forests Khimki .
This is not particularly surprising , since the decision on logging ( as well , and the mayor himself Strelchenko ) is extremely unpopular among the citizens .
Recall , for more than week standoff lasts local residents and environmentalists on one side and developers and the authorities - the other for the commencement of the felling of forests in place the proposed route in the area of Sheremetyevo airport .
26
July it came to melee combat , and today the city administration and the developer for some strange reason , cancel the alleged public hearing , which was supposed to explain to residents the legal foundation and desirability of deforestation .
As you can see , the lack of readiness for dialogue with the authorities and the developer triggers a transition of the defenders of the forest to more radical protests .
It should be noted that among the slogans chanted that the attackers were charged Strelchenko in ordering an attack on opposition journalist Michael Beketova in November 2008 .
Beketov was seriously injured and are still deprived of the opportunity to speak and move .
Version of the involvement of the mayor Khimki to attack Beketova who actively criticized the mayor 's office , is quite popular among the townspeople , but was not proved the result .
Also today , at 17.00 , nearly 200 advocates gathered at the Khimki woods DK " Homeland " , where they invited the local administration to the public hearing , organized by " Heat " , cut down the forest .
However , already in place an advertisement to inform people that the public hearing will be canceled .
Instead , officials tried to organize a rally in support of the construction of highways and logging .
This angered people who felt the administration 's actions " provocation " and " blatant fraud " .
So after a small gathering , rally defenders Himskinskogo timber headed to the site of harvesting , which now goes to the heart of the forest .
They intend to expand the eco-camp there .
Upon arrival , the defenders of the forest met dozens of policemen and security guards .
They do not allow the territory of deforestation .
As of the ICD Elena , an activist with the Moscow Ecological Movement " Garden city " .
The situation is very tense .
We arrived on the scene helpers Zhirinovsky and amounted to an act of the General Prosecutor 's Office that they and other people the police do not miss .
Recall how to find defenders of the forest on July 26 , the company " Heat " no approvals for logging .
Precisely because of this guard woodcutters hired thugs who attacked the activists .
In this regard , the State Duma deputy from the Fair Russia Anton Belyakov sent deputatscue request to the Prosecutor General of Russia .
In addition , activists reported that on Friday 30 July at 11.00 , held public hearings on the scandal Khimki felling of forests in the Public Chamber .
Source
Links :
Defenders Khimki forests held a press conference and strayed from the bandits
The attack on forest defenders Khimki
So just why is owning a home good ?
Here are several common reasons advocates give :
1. Economic benefits are achieved compared to renting , like the interest tax deduction .
2. Mortgage borrowing occurs at a relatively low interest rate .
3 . A house can be like an investment if it appreciates .
4 . It creates positive externalities , like better community involvement .
5 . Once your mortgage is paid off , housing costs are limited to maintenance .
Above , the first two reasons are n't entirely honest .
They are only benefits of home ownership because the government has made them so .
The benefits the first point describes are due to various tax incentives provided to homeowners .
The second is largely due to the government - sponsored entities helping to create liquidity by taking on much of the market 's mortgage risk .
An argument for why the third reason does n't always hold up can be found here .
As the U.S. the housing market returns back to normal , home price appreciation will likely fall back to low levels .
If you 're looking for an investment , you can generally get a much better long - term return on other opportunities than on a home .
The fourth reason is somewhat doubtful , and refuted in this post by Felix Salmon .
Like homeowners , long - term renters would also take pride in their communities .
Any evidence otherwise would likely suggest more a correlation than causation relationship .
The last reason , however , is a solid one .
It is , indeed , nice when you no longer have to make a mortgage or rent payment once you own your home .
Of course , as homes age , maintenance costs increase .
While it is n't likely that this would overshadow the cost of continuing to rent , renters do n't have to worry about maintenance .
Consequently , this benefit probably is n't quite as strong as it seems .
So home ownership does have some benefit .
But it 's pretty hard to argue that the benefit is so great that the government needs to heavily intervene in the market to ensure a high rate of homeownership .
Must the Government Prop Up Home Ownership ?
But let 's say you do n't care if there 's only a weak economic benefit to owning a house -- you think it 's important from a moral standpoint .
You believe most people should be able to buy their home if they can afford it .
Do we still need all of these government incentives to make this possible ?
A recent op - ed in the Wall Street Journal by Steven A. Blumenthal argues we do .
He says that Fannie and Freddie should be fully nationalized and their charter essentially unchanged going forward .
He believes :
Americans like getting commitments for 30 - year fixed - rate mortgages and will never tolerate a situation where mortgages are simply not available -- or not available at reasonable interest rates .
Is it really plausible that such a future would result if we eliminated the GSEs ?
It would be if there could be no private - label securitization market , or if banks never held non-insured mortgages on their balance sheets .
Of course , both of those features do exist in our financial markets .
Without the GSEs , they would just play a bigger role .
MEXICO CITY 
The Cuban government on Wednesday agreed to release 52 political prisoners in the coming months , a dramatic move that may ease international criticism as well as save the life of a prominent dissident who has been on a hunger strike for four months to push for the liberation of inmates .
The announcement , which would reduce the number of prisoners of conscience on the island by about a third , came after a meeting that included President Raúl Castro of Cuba ; Cardinal Jaime Ortega , the archbishop of Havana ; and the Spanish foreign minister , Miguel Ángel Moratinos .
The prisoners to be released , five initially , and then , 47 others , were all detained during a major crackdown on dissent in 2003 , when the government of President Fidel Castro rounded up 75 activists and journalists who were accused of acting as “ mercenaries ” on behalf of the United States .
Of the original 75 detainees , some completed their sentences or were released on health grounds .
Those who remained behind bars turned into potent symbols to Cuba ’s critics of the government ’s heavy - handed approach to dissent .
Part of an ongoing series on the environmental impacts of the Gulf oil spill .
Digging under the patchily oil - splattered white sands of Pensacola Beach , Florida ( map ) , on Thursday , it did n't take long for scientists to strike black gold .
Oil patties and tarballs were discovered as deep as 2 feet ( 0.6 meter ) beneath beaches dirtied by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill — the deepest oil yet found by a team of University of South Florida coastal geologists that 's been studying the effects of the oil spill on Gulf beaches since early May .
The previous record had been 6 inches ( about 15 centimeters ) deep , said geologist Ping Wang , the team 's leader .
The discoveries suggest that toxic oil lies hidden under even " clean " patches of beaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast — and that oil - spill cleanup crews are only scratching the surface .
Because the buried oil is both harder to clean and slower to break down , it could be a long - lasting threat to beachgoers , both animal and human , experts say .
This " weathered " oil — mainly tarballs and tar mats — began washing ashore around June 23 in Pensacola .
( See pictures of Gulf oil atop Pensacola Beach . )
Waves buried much of the oil under new layers of sand , particularly this week , when Hurricane Alex spawned rough seas around the Gulf .
( See " Hurricane Alex Pushes ' Worst Oil ' Ashore ; Cleanup Slowed . " )
" This time , we were lucky , " said Wang , kneeling by a freshly dug hole striped with ribbons of black tar on Pensacola Beach , which remains open to beachgoers and swimmers , though a health advisory warns visitors away from any obvious oil .
Hurricane
Alex 's path was hundreds of miles to the east , so the storm 's surges had been relatively small along Florida 's Gulf coast .
Yet when a bigger and closer storm powers through the Gulf , it could erode beaches and unleash the oil underneath , he said — while at the same time pushing ashore more oil from the Gulf spill , Wang noted .
( See " Hurricane Could Push Spilled Gulf Oil Into New Orleans . " )
Wang would know :
He 's studied 2004 's Hurricane Ivan and 2005 's Hurricane Dennis , both of which totally flooded Pensacola Beach .
Exposed oil , though , may be the least of the worries .
Even without cleanup crews , surface oil disappears fairly quickly as oxygen , sunlight , and oil - eating microbes break it down .
Buried oil persists much longer , particularly deep down , where oxygen is in short supply .
What Lies Beneath : Oil Inches Below Beaches
" If [ oil 's ] buried and you have a five - year - old out here next summer building a sand castle and they uncover a layer of tar and oil , that 's not going to be good , " said Tiffany Roberts , a Ph.D. student working in Wang 's lab .
Contact with oil can cause skin irritation , and inhaling evaporated oil particles may cause nausea , headache , and dizziness — ailments already reported by some Gulf oil spill cleanup workers , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
That 's why Roberts and colleagues are studying how oil is distributed atop the beach — in hopes of discerning a surface pattern that could be used predict the locations of buried oil , she said .
Right now cleanup crews are " dealing with the immediate , " she said .
Eventually " we 've got to figure out what 's below . "
Like a New Oil Spill With Every Storm
For example , in 1992 crews packed up and left the Valdez site without realizing that vast quantities of oil still sat below the surface — and much of that oil remains underground today , said Boufadel , chair of Temple University 's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering in Ambler , Pennsylvania .
" You can go to a beach and say the beach is clean , " he said , " and then a year later a storm hits and you find out that the beach is still polluted . "
It 's like " getting a new spill " with every storm , Boufadel added .
Unlike the frigid Alaska coastline , however , Florida 's beaches are hot and sunny — conditions that may evaporate exposed oil more quickly .
Wildlife Impacts are " Uncharted Territory "
If the spilled oil under Gulf beaches stays buried , it could harm wildlife that nest and feed along the coast , experts say .
For instance , some shorebirds eat only small sand - dwelling invertebrates , such as bloodworms , which could be killed by the oil .
" If the oil does get into the surf zone and [ poisons ] invertebrates that these guys are eating , then the food base is gone , " said Riley Hoggard , a resource - management specialist for Gulf Islands National Seashore .
" It 's going to be tough for some of these shorebirds . "
Likewise , four species of Gulf sea turtle hatchlings — which crawl through sand layers to leave their underground nests — could get injured or killed through contact with buried oil on their way out to sea , Hoggard said .
In part to address such threats , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recently began arranging the relocation of some 70,000 turtle eggs from 700 Gulf Coast nests .
After the babies hatch in a special facility in a warehouse at eastern Florida 's Kennedy Space Center , they will be released on several Atlantic Ocean beaches — on the other side of the state from the Gulf .
The turtles ' internal magnetic " maps " — apparently " tuned " to Gulf beaches during incubation — should point the animals back to their native Gulf waters , even with the entire Florida Peninsula in their way , Hoggard said .
A Senate candidate for the Australian Sex Party is calling for the Federal Government to hold an immediate royal commission into child sex abuse in religious institutions .
The party launched its federal campaign in Melbourne this afternoon .
Party president and Victorian senate candidate Fiona Patten admits some of the party 's policies are controversial but says there is a progressive policy vacuum in Australian politics .
She believes there would be broad public support for a government investigation into allegations of sexual abuse within churches .
" A royal commission was held in Ireland with great success and really , I think it 's quite obvious the church cannot manage this themselves , " Ms Patten said .
" We need an independent adjudicator to do a proper investigation .
" When you look at it , the church employs almost 20,000 people and over 1,000 have already been prosecuted . "
About getting high …
Oh , to be in Vienna ! »
Why Mark Kleiman is a crock Let ’s start with Mark Kleiman ’s new OpEd in the Los Angeles Times :
California can’t legalize marijuana
There ’s one problem with legalizing , taxing and regulating cannabis at the state level :
It ca n’t be done .
The federal Controlled Substances
Act makes it a felony to grow or sell cannabis .
California can repeal its own marijuana laws , leaving enforcement to the feds .
But it ca n’t legalize a federal felony .
Well , duh .
Thanks for letting us know that marijuana would still be illegal at the federal level .
There ’s a newsbreak .
When California passed medical marijuana , it was illegal at the federal level as well .
That did n’t stop them from actually , relatively successfully ( despite the challenges of federal government intrusion ) , implementing a licensed medical marijuana system .
But Mark helpfully explains why that could work , while recreational marijuana would n’t …
True , Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. has announced that the Justice Department will not prosecute people who are selling medical marijuana in compliance with California ’s law .
But that ’s an entirely different matter .
The attorney general could cite good legal and constitutional reasons for that policy , because the regulation of medical practice is a state and not a federal responsibility .
And if the medical justification for most of the pot sold through dispensaries is sketchy at best ?
Well , that too is a state problem .
This is just a bizarre statement .
Maybe the Attorney General “ could cite good legal and constitutional reasons for that policy , ” but he did n’t — he merely said that prosecuting medical marijuana in compliance with state law was not a particularly good use of limited resources .
How would that be different from prosecuting millions of recreational users ?
And “ because the regulation of medical practice is a state and not a federal responsibility ” ?
More bizarreness .
Yes , under today ’s fatally strained Supreme Court interpretation of the Commerce Clause , medical “ practice ” is mostly a state function , but the drugs used in medical practice ( including marijuana ) are considered to be under federal control ( re- read Raich ) .
The implication that somehow medical drugs are constitutionally the domain of the states ( do n’t I wish ) , but recreational drugs are not is an even more unusual Constitutional notion ( I ’m imagining a bizarro - land Kleiman version of the 10th Amendment reading “ The powers not delegated to the States , or to the people , are reserved to the United States ” ) .
Note : it is interesting that I do n’t recall Mark mentioning this point about the regulation of medical practice being the domain of the states when it came to discussions about federal health care .
But Mark goes on to give a reason why the federal government could not sit by with legalization of recreational marijuana in California — treaties .
For one thing , allowing Californians to openly grow cannabis for non-medical purposes would be a clear violation of international law ; that ’s why the Netherlands , which tolerates retail cannabis sales through “ coffee shops , ” still bans marijuana production .
So , apparently , the United States government would be willing to undertake a massive military action against the entire population of its largest state , in order to avoid looking bad to other countries ?
[ Side Query : Just what has been the U.S. track record at obeying all international treaties and laws ? ]
Now if the Netherlands broke the treaty , they ’d be in for some international problems ( mostly from the U.S. — the country most heavily pushing the drug treaties ) .
What would happen if the U.S. broke the treaty ?
Would the United Nations expel us ?
Make us pay our dues ?
Issue a resolution ?
Decertify us in some kind of international report of countries that play ball regarding drug policy , and give us less foreign aid ?
The point is that the federal government has to be pushed into doing the right thing , and merely writing your Congresscritter ai n’t going to do it .
It takes pressure from a lot of directions , and California passing legalization is one of those directions that could have a lot of push .
The final reason that Kleiman says the feds ca n’t allow California legalization ( and apparently therefore will commit its entire national resources to busting people for possession of cannabis ) is … the black market .
… the legal California product would still be a screaming bargain by national standards , at less than one - third of current black - market prices .
As a result , pot dealers nationwide — and from Canada , for that matter — would flock to California to stock up .
There ’s no way on earth the federal government is going to tolerate that .
So … the federal government , unhappy that marijuana profits have stopped going to murderous Mexican drug cartels , and instead are going to California citizens , will start cracking down on marijuana trafficking ?
Of course , the “ statistics ” about what the price of cannabis would be in legalized California are from his friends with the infamous RAND report .
He then finishes his OpEd with the statement that he ’d support marijuana legalization … as long as it ’s done his way .
It ’s an odd OpEd , but nothing really that we are n’t used to from Mark Kleiman .
He ’s convinced that prohibition ( as it has been practiced in every way to date ) is a failure , and he thinks marijuana should be “ legal ” in some way , but there ’s no way he ’ll ever support “ legalization , ” partly because he ironically wants to be recognized and accepted as a “ Villager , ” and partly because of his ingrained prejudices .
Kleiman has worked hard to establish himself as the go - to academic on drug policy , along with the almost incestuous group of think - tank folks whose name appears on every drug policy paper that comes along ( and of course , on his list of favorite books on drug policy ) .
Well , if you want to be in the inner circle , it just wo n’t do to promote legalization publicly .
If you want to be invited to chat with the drug czar , you can criticize prohibition , but you ca n’t suggest that there should be an alternative .
This puts Kleiman in the rather ridiculous position of opposing every aspect of prohibition , yet still looking around for some way to make it work better ( like doing it “ less ” ) .
Or , instead of really dealing with the whole problem , picking one tiny aspect and focusing totally on it ( like his promotion of the HOPE program — a worthwhile program that should be promoted , but which has as much likelihood of solving prohibition ’s destruction as increasing the budget for the USO would have in instituting world peace ) .
Regarding his prejudices … the biggest one is against the people who are for legalization .
Let ’s take a look at his post promoting the OpEd : Why Prop. 19 is a crock … I may vote for the proposition anyway , just as a protest against the current laws .
Too bad the California ballot initiatives do n’t permit you to vote for “ a pox on both your houses . ”
Ignore the strange juxtaposition that it ’s a crock and then saying he may vote for it anyway …
Let ’s look at his desire to vote for “ a pox on both your houses . ”
This is a recurrent theme .
He does n’t support the results of the prohibitionists , but he does n’t like the legalizers .
It ’s not that he wants to vote against legalization ; he wants to vote against the legalizers .
And yes , he ’s done this before .
In a piece where he clearly dismantled the prohibitionists ’ arguments against medical marijuana , he concludes :
If you guessed from the above that neither side of the drug - policy debate actually gives a rat ’s ass about sick people , you ’re a remarkably good guesser .
No evidence that our side did n’t give a rat ’s ass about sick people ; he just wanted to slam both sides .
It ’s really got to bug him every time that NORML , LEAP , MPP , SSDP and others get press ( and it ’s happening more and more ) , because he and his friends have worked so hard to be the voice of proper drug policy .
But quite frankly , by being intellectually dishonest in order to be “ politically ” acceptable and ignoring the facts of drug policy in order to push personal pet views , he is ironically proving himself to be irrelevant to the real and dynamic conversation that ’s going on now regarding drug policy .
I am saddened that we lack a true drug policy think tank here in the United States anywhere near the caliber of Transform Drug Policy Foundation in England , where real research and concrete proposals are being put forward , instead of our academics ’ pathetically intellectually empty efforts to “ fix ” prohibition and sabotage reform .
And that ’s the real reason I care enough about what Mark Kleiman says to write such a long post . ….
Oh , by the way , guess who else suddenly discovered the black market ?
The drug czar .
Mr. KERLIKOWSKE : Well , we know that certainly California is poised to and will be voting on legalizing small amounts of marijuana .
And that vote is scheduled for November of this year .
There are a number of studies and a number of pieces of information that really throw that into the light of saying that , look , California is not going to solve its budget problems , that they have more increase or availability if drugs were , or marijuana , was to become legalized .
That in fact you would see more use .
That you would also see a black market that would come into play .
Because why would n’t in heaven ’s name would somebody want to spend money on tax money for marijuana when they could either use the underground market or they could in fact grow their own .
Wow .
A “ black market ” would come into play .
Who knew ?
Did any of you imagine that conditions could ever occur where there would be a black market in marijuana ?
Good thing we ’ve got criminalization , where you do n’t have black markets .
And that whole business about who would want to buy marijuana legally if they could get it on the black market ?
That must be why everyone grows their own tobacco and brews their own beer , and why nobody ever buys tomatoes in the stores , because they can grow their own without taxes .
A reminder to the drug czar …
Despite the fact that a lot of places have ridiculously stupid high taxes on cigarette packs ( like New York City ’s $ 4.25 per pack tax ) , somehow enough people actually buy them to generate billions in tax revenue .
If you are reading this article on a printed copy of the Guardian , what you have in your hand will , just 15 years from now , look as archaic as a Western Union telegram does today .
In less than 50 years , according to Clay Shirky , it wo n't exist at all .
The reason , he says , is very simple , and very obvious : if you are 25 or younger , you 're probably already reading this on your computer screen .
" And to put it in one bleak sentence , no medium has ever survived the indifference of 25 - year - olds . "
You have probably never even heard of Shirky , and until this interview I had n't either .
When I ask him to define what he does , he laughs , and admits that often when he 's leaving a party someone will say to him , " What exactly is it you do ? "
His standard reply – " I work on the theory and practice of social media " – is not just wilfully opaque , but crushingly dreary , which is funny , because he is one of the most illuminating people I 've ever met .
The people who know about Shirky call him an " internet guru " .
He winces when I say so – " Oh , I hate that ! " – and it's easy to see why , for he is the very opposite of the techie stereotype .
Now 46 , his first career was in the theatre in New York , and he did n't even own a computer until the age of 28 , when he had to be introduced to the internet by his mother .
Arrestingly self - assured and charismatic , his conversation is warm and discursive , intently engaged yet relaxed – but it's his rhetorical fluency which bowls you over .
The architecture of his argument is a Malcolm Gladwell - esque structure of psychological and sociological insight , analysing contemporary technology with the clarity of a historian 's perspective and such authority that were he to tell you the sun actually sets in the east , you might almost believe him .
At the very least , you 'd probably want to – and if a guru is defined by the credulous deference he commands from others , then Shirky unquestionably qualifies .
Within minutes I found myself hanging on his every word – despite being temperamentally hostile to almost everything he believes .
Shirky has been writing about the internet since 1996 .
As the chief technological officer for several web design companies during the 90s , he was quickly hired as a consultant by major media companies – News Corporation , Time Warner , Hearst – all curious about this new thing called the world wide web .
In 2000 , following " an intuition that the internet was turning social " , Shirky turned to the fledgling phenomenon of online social networking – an obscure concept back then , but which has since evolved into MySpace , Facebook and Twitter , to become the web 's primary purpose for billions of people all over the world .
Shirky now teaches new media at New York University , and in 2008 published his first book , Here Comes Everybody : How Change Happens When People Come Together , which celebrated individuals ' new power to communicate , organise and change the world via the web .
His predictions for the fate of print media organisations have proved unnervingly accurate ; 2009 would be a bloodbath for newspapers , he warned – and so it came to pass .
Dozens of American newspapers closed last year , while several others , such as the Christian Science Monitor , moved their entire operation online .
The business model of the traditional print newspaper , according to Shirky , is doomed ; the monopoly on news it has enjoyed ever since the invention of the printing press has become an industrial dodo .
Rupert Murdoch has just begun charging for online access to the Times – and Shirky is confident the experiment will fail .
" Everyone 's waiting to see what will happen with the paywall – it's the big question .
But I think it will underperform .
On a purely financial calculation , I do n't think the numbers add up . "
But then , interestingly , he goes on , " Here 's what worries me about the paywall .
When we talk about newspapers , we talk about them being critical for informing the public ; we never say they 're critical for informing their customers .
We assume that the value of the news ramifies outwards from the readership to society as a whole .
OK , I buy that .
But what Murdoch is signing up to do is to prevent that value from escaping .
He wants to only inform his customers , he does n't want his stories to be shared and circulated widely .
In fact , his ability to charge for the paywall is going to come down to his ability to lock the public out of the conversation convened by the Times . "
This criticism echoes the sentiment of Shirky 's new book , Cognitive Surplus ; Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age .
The book argues that the popularity of online social media trumps all our old assumptions about the superiority of professional content , and the primacy of financial motivation .
It proves , Shirky argues , that people are more creative and generous than we had ever imagined , and would rather use their free time participating in amateur online activities such as Wikipedia – for no financial reward – because they satisfy the primal human urge for creativity and connectedness .
Just as the invention of the printing press transformed society , the internet 's capacity for " an unlimited amount of zero - cost reproduction of any digital item by anyone who owns a computer " has removed the barrier to universal participation , and revealed that human beings would rather be creating and sharing than passively consuming what a privileged elite think they should watch .
Instead of lamenting the silliness of a lot of social online media , we should be thrilled by the spontaneous collective campaigns and social activism also emerging .
The potential civic value of all this hitherto untapped energy is nothing less , Shirky concludes , than revolutionary .
Unfortunately , I am precisely the sort of cynic
Shirky 's new book scorns – a techno - luddite bewildered by the exhibitionism of online social networking ( why does anyone feel the need to tweet that they 've just had a bath , and might get a kebab later ? ) , troubled by its juvenile vacuity ( who joins a Facebook group dedicated to liking toast ? ) , and baffled by the amount of time devoted to posting photos of cats that look amusingly like Hitler .
I do , however , recognise that what I like to think of as my opinions are really emotional prejudices .
But equally , Shirky 's prediction for Murdoch 's paywall sounds suspiciously like an emotional objection , rather than a financial calculation .
How , then , can he be certain his entire analysis of the internet is n't just as subjective as my kneejerk cynicism ?
" I 'd say first of all that the notion that any expression of the world can be a value - neutral description of what life is really like is a fantasy , right ? " he agrees readily .
" We 're all postmodern enough to recognise that any writer on any subject is operating within those constraints .
And I have the amiably simple - minded view of this stuff you would expect from an American , which is that I think freedom is good , full stop .
So therefore I think I 'm probably constitutionally incapable of seeing a massive spread in those freedoms as being anything other than salutary for society .
" But ultimately , over the long haul I 'm vetted on accuracy , not on enthusiasm .
So if I 'm wrong about paywall , I 've got no place to hide .
I will have been flamingly , publicly wrong for 15 years .
There will be no way I can weasel out of it . "
He laughs , looking sublimely untroubled by this possibility .
" The final thing I 'd say about optimism is this .
If we took the loopiest , most moonbeam - addled Californian utopian internet bullshit , and held it up against the most cynical , realpolitik - inflected scepticism , the Californian bullshit would still be a better predictor of the future .
Which is to say that , if in 1994 you 'd wanted to understand what our lives would be like right now , you 'd still be better off reading a single copy of Wired magazine published in that year than all of the sceptical literature published ever since . "
The one point of agreement between internet utopians and sceptics has been their techno - deterministic assumption that the web has fundamentally changed human behaviour .
Both sides ,
Shirky says , are wrong .
" Techies were making the syllogism , if you put new technology into an existing situation , and new behaviour happens , then that technology caused the behaviour .
But I 'm saying if the new technology creates a new behaviour , it 's because it was allowing motivations that were previously locked out .
These tools we now have allow for new behaviours – but they do n't cause them . "
Had Facebook been around when he was in his 20s , he cheerfully admits , he too would have spent his youth emailing photos of himself to everyone he knew .
But even if he 's right , and the internet has merely unveiled ancient truths about human behaviour , is n't it still legitimate to feel a little bit dismayed by Facebook 's revelation of almost infinite narcissism ?
Shirky lets out a polite but weary sigh .
" Would the world really be better off if we were to hide from ourselves the fact that teenagers waste a lot of time trying to either flirt with each other or to crack each other up ?
Like , to whom was this a mystery , prior to the launch of Facebook ? "
He grins in good - natured amazement .
" Look , we got erotic novels , first crack out of the box , once we had printing presses .
It took a century and a half for the Royal Society to start publishing the first scientific journal in English .
So even with the sacred printing press , the first things you get serve the basest human urges .
But the presence of the erotic novels did not prevent us from pressing the printing presses into the service of the scientific revolution .
And so I think every bit of time spent fretting about the fact that people have base desires which they will use this medium to satisfy is a waste of time – because that 's been true of every medium ever launched . "
Shirky concedes that the web 's ability to connect people with a common enthusiasm , however obscure or deviant , can create a dangerously distorted impression of what is healthy or normal .
" But so the question in all of this stuff , always , always , always , is : is the net trade - off better or worse for society ?
I 've never been a cyber utopian .
I 've always understood that this is a set of trade - offs .
So for all the normalisation of , say , paedophilia , we also get young small - town kids growing up gay who now know they 're not abnormal .
And it seems to me that the net trade - off of lessening society 's ability to project a sense of normal that no one actually lives up to is a good thing .
" I do n't mean to say it will therefore be an endless fountain of raindrop - flavoured kittens from now till St Swithin 's day .
But rather , in the same way that we 've generally decided that the printing press was a good thing – and I would contrast that with television , which in my mind is an open question – rather than just saying in the panglossian way that all new technologies are an improvement , it is an on - the - balance calculation . "
The neuroscientist Susan Greenfield produced a report last year which suggested that the popularity of online social media was damaging children 's brain development , in particular their capacity for empathy .
Shirky has two children , aged nine and six , and says they live in " a very restricted media household " , with only supervised access to a communal computer .
" I would not hesitate to say I was addicted to the internet in the first two years .
It can be addictive and things not taken in moderation have negative effects .
But the alarmism around ' Facebook is changing our brains ' strikes me as a kind of historical trick .
Because we now know from brain science that everything changes our brains .
Riding a bicycle changes our brains .
Watching TV changes our brains .
If there 's a screen you need to worry about in your household , it 's not the one with a mouse attached . "
Shirky does not own a television .
Americans watch , collectively , two hundred billion hours of television a year , and if online social media diverts even just a fraction of that time , he argues , that has to be a good thing .
" As I say in the book , even the stupidest possible creative act is still a creative act .
And I 'd still take the most inane collaborative website over someone watching yet another half hour of TV . "
By now , despite myself , I 'm having to reconsider my old snootiness towards social media .
There 's just one last thing , I say .
Had I never been online before , and had just read his book , I 'd probably be so inspired by his account of the creative and collaborative instincts of the online community , I 'd be rushing to log on .
But if I started out on , say , the Guardian 's Comment is free site , the sheer nastiness of many of the commenters would floor me like a train .
If the web has unlocked all this human potential for generosity and sharing , how come the people using it are so horrible to each other ?
Shirky smiles , confident that he has the answer even to this .
" So , there 's two things to this paradox .
One is that those conversations were always happening .
People were saying those nasty things to one another in the pub or whatever .
You just could n't hear them before .
So it 's a change in our awareness of truth , not a change in the truth .
" Then there 's this second effect , that anonymity makes people behave more meanly .
What I think is going to happen there is we are slowly going to set up islands of civil discourse .
There 's no way to make the internet not anonymous – and if there was , the most enthusiastic consumers of that technology would be Iranian and Chinese and Burmese governments .
But there are ways of saying , while you 're here , use your real identity .
We need to set up the social norms which say in this space you need to use your real names , or some well - known handle .
" Whenever you say that , people cry censorship , but frankly ?
Fuck off . "
He breaks off , laughing .
" You know , getting that right is important .
The whole , ' Is the internet a good thing or a bad thing ' ?
We 're done with that .
It 's just a thing .
How to maximise its civic value , its public good – that 's the really big challenge . "
• Cognitive Surplus : Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age by Clay Shirky is published by Allen Lane , price £ 20
• This article was amended on 5 July 2010 .
The original referred to Western Union telegrams looking arcane today .
This has been corrected .
VANCOUVER , Canada –
In a wide - ranging video interview ( below ) , Napoleon Gomez Urrutia , president of Los Mineros , the independent National Miners , Metallurgical and Steelworkers Union of Mexico , talks about the Mexican government ’s recent strike - breaking attack on copper miners in Cananea , Mexico .
He describes some of the international solidarity the miners are getting from around the world and tells us about the talks now going on with the United Steelworkers union ( USW ) , aimed at merging the two unions into a North American industrial union that can take on transnational giants like Grupo Mexico , owner of the Cananea mine and the third largest copper company in the world .
The new union will unite Mexican , Canadian , Caribbean and U.S. workers .
We sat down to talk during a break at the second congress of the International Trade Union Confederation ( ITUC ) on June 22 in Vancouver .
Gomez has been living in exile in Vancouver for the last four years with the support of the United Steelworkers .
He moved first to the U.S. and then to Canada fearing for his and his family ’s safety in the face of illegal attacks on the union by the Mexican government .
Even in exile , Gomez has been overwhelmingly elected president five times by his union ’s membership despite the government ’s illegal refusal to ratify the election results .
Gomez continues to manage the union ’s affairs from his office in the USW ’s Vancouver offices .
His support in the union is so strong that other companies in Mexico that have contracts with Los Mineros travel to Vancouver for bargaining sessions with the union .
Our interview followed a briefing on the situation in Cananea for the U.S , delegation to the ITUC congress , hosted by Ken Neumann , USW national director for Canada , and Fred Redmond , USW international vice president for human affairs .
Arlene Holt Baker , AFL - CIO executive vice president , thanked Gomez for the update and pledged the continuing support of the U.S. labor movement in building the necessary solidarity to win justice for the Mexican miners .
Napoleon Gomez – Interview at International Labor Congress from Scott Marshall on Vimeo .
Photo : Napoleon Gomez Urrutia ( PW / Scott Marshall )
______ ____ _____ irc.efnet.net | ____| _ \ | __ \ # FreeBoot - chat | |__ | |_ ) | | | | | _____ __ | __| | _ < | | | |/ _ \ \ / / | | | |_ ) | | |__| | __/\ V / |_| |____/ |_____/ \___| \_/ ***
This is what many have tried and none succeeded ...
****
================================================================================
What is this ?
================================================================================
This patch will remove the 30ms check on the key exchange from xbox to xbox over system link .
This was known as the " 30 ms ping limit " .
It seems that only the client needs the patch .
1 ) Make sure you have Dashlaunch v1.0 installed .
2 ) Place Kxam . patch in the root of usb or hdd .
Hopefully this will encourage people to stay off of xbox live with hacked xboxs as there is no real reason for it .
================================================================================
Usage ================================================================================
- FreeBoot 0.032 with DashLaunch 1.0 ( kernel 9199 ) -
An internal harddrive and / or usb stick ( check DashLaunch 1.0 readme ) -
The file from this release on the root of it ( kxam.patch ) - Power up Xlink Kai -
And see you online !
================================================================================
Known Bugs ?
================================================================================
None really , its possible some games have internal Pinglimits ..
They 'll need to be removed by doing Memory Patches ( gametrainer per example ) .
================================================================================
ChangeLog ================================================================================
V0.01 - first release ================================================================================
Disclaimer ================================================================================
We , the creators , have nothing to do with freeboot , or the making of DashLaunch , but we do n't want to make a support channel so use theirs .
Mara ( Lila Zaborin ) a " black " witch , practitioner of the occult , black magic and evil incarnate , is the leader of a coven of voluptuous , scantily clad beautiful young women who vent their sadistic love for passion and pain on helpless victims as they perform the body ritual of a hideously , macabre dance of death , carrying aloft flaming torches and plunging spears into their human male sacrifices in a gory ceremony to titillate their pulsating pleasures and sanctify the evil desires of this Queen of the Witches .
Mara is approached by Rodannus ( Ray Myles ) enemy agent of a foreign power , accompanied by his henchman , Barth ( Paul Wilmoth ) with the request that an Ambassador representative to the United Nations from another country be eliminated by means of her magic powers .
During this meeting , Rodannus demands proof of her mystical power and she causes a wine glass to shatter in his hands .
When the enemy agent leaves , Mara keeps the bloodied handkerchief he had used on his cut hand .
Lorraine ( Leslie McRae ) a newcomer to Mara 's coven , persuades her boyfriend , Mark ( Tom Pace ) an unbeliever , to attend a séance .
Astounded by the results , during which Mara has conjured up two spirit guides and a ghost , and worried about Lorraine 's involvement , Mark decides to consult Dr. Helford ( Victor Izay ) a " white " witch or warlock , and an expert on psychic phenomena .
After Mara has caused the Ambassador 's death at a party , Rodannus fears that she may turn her powers against him , and sends Barth to kill both Mara and her high priest Toruke ( William Bagdad ) .
Barth also kills a young girl , Roberta ( Linn Henson ) but she manages to scratch his face before she dies .
Meanwhile , Dr. Helsford agrees to help Mark .
By means of witchcraft , Mara has caused Barth to kill a cat instead .
She now restores Toruke to like and using Rodannus ' bloodied handkerchief and Barth 's scratched skin from the fingernail parings of the dead girl , Mara eliminates both Barth and Rodannus in a macabre and bloody manner .
Mark and Lorraine are to attend another séance at Mara 's residence and they discuss with Dr. Helsford the possibilities of age regression under hypnosis which Mark is to undergo .
The doctor warns them of the dangers of dabbling in the black arts .
He psychometrizes an amulet Lorraine is wearing which Mara had given her as protection against unfriendly demons .
After the pair leave for the meeting , the disturbed Dr. Helsford , sensing an evil aftermath , enlists the aid of three other scientists interested in psychic phenomena and they decide to visit Mara 's home where the meeting is to be held .
During regression , Mark is shown to have been killed by Indians in a previous life as a frontiersman and now , drugged by Mara , he is to be offered up as a human sacrifice in an effort to conjure up Lucifer , the Devil himself .
Mara and her coven of witches are soon terrified as an unseen presence takes over .
The building rumbles and trembles as utter chaos reigns .
The unseen terror possesses the bodies of the young witches who turn against Toruke and kill him , and they then turn against each other .
Outside , Dr. Helsford fights the evil within by means of exorcism and manages to restore order and sanity , driving the evil unseen presence away .
When the quartet of scientists enter the building , all is death , and destruction .
Mark , Lorraine and all the others are dead .
Only a bat clings to the ceiling and dislodging it , Dr. Helford , knowing its true identity , kills it and throws it on some burning coals .
At last , Mara pays for the consequences of evil , as her translucent , vaporous form floats upwards in a raging , screaming death .
With free - to - play games like Farmville proving massive successes , it seemed like it would only be a matter of time before that model game to home game consoles .
That time has come .
Advertisement
Japanese game developer Acquire is releasing a quest - based PSP title called Bakumatsu Revolution .
Hitting the PlayStation Network in Japan , the main game will be 100 percent free .
It will clock in at over ten hours .
Illustrated by Zerokichi , there is " some " character customization ( Samurai , Monk , Gunner ) as well .
Bakumatsu also has four player co-op play .
This is all for free !
Free , freemium .
That 's short for gutted , right ?
Advertisement
" I can guarantee it is n't gutted or unplayable in any way , " Acquire assistant producer Luke Rideout told Kotaku .
The developer , however , will be releasing paid downloadable content packs to extend the experience with items costing between 100 and 200 yen ( US $ 1.10 and $ 2.20 ) .
Additional scenarios or quests will be priced from 300 to 500 yen ( $ 3.30 and $ 4.40 ) .
" Obviously we wo n't make a profit on the main game itself .
We mostly just hope that we can get the game out to a large base of players , who can enjoy the full main game for free , no strings attached , from beginning to end , " says Rideout .
" Those players who wish to add a little extra to the game , like more side quests or new items can support the game by paying for those . "
This is virgin territory for console gaming and a bold move for any game developer — let alone a Japanese one .
We 'll find out if this all is indeed a revolution when Bakumatsu Revolution is released in Japan on June 26 .
Ludwig the II of Bavaria is rarely discussed in history class but most would recognize many of his castles especially the one that is replicated in Disneyland ( Neuschwanstein Castle ) .
Ludwig spent money he did n’t have to indulge in his eccentric desire to build opulent castles .
Even wealthy royalty can put their balance sheet into jeopardy if they indulge every whim and wish .
The banking sector for the last decade has allowed many Americans to satisfy nearly every consumer desire they had .
Boats , cars , vacations , clothing , recliners , Jacuzzis , or anything else you can imagine .
Some took this to the extreme and created a massive market that demanded bigger and more extravagant homes even though average Americans were not getting wealthier or earning more money .
How this was accomplished was by allowing massive amounts of debt to accumulate until a crisis imploded the economy .
The credit bubble bursting has forced many into a new life of austerity .
No more Sleeping Beauty castles .
On a GDP percent basis the U.S. is n’t the worst offender but we are up there on the list .
The above list spans out to 2003 ( and it only got worse until 2007 ) and you can already see what big amounts of household debt will do .
Take for example Iceland or Portugal that are now facing major headwinds ahead .
A country cannot go into massive amounts of debt and expect to have a sustainable economy for years moving forward .
It is a short term indulgence that masks deeper rooted problems .
The middle class in America were allowed to think they were all dukes and countesses but when the crisis hit , the banks retreated to protecting only their kings on Wall Street .
This was an economy built on a fairytale .
Part of this naïve belief was pushed by Wall Street and D.C. propaganda .
For decades the idea was that you can spend more than you earn .
This came all the way from the top so it should n’t be a surprise that many in the middle class took their signal from their leaders .
What happened ?
Source : Lew Rockwell
The personal savings rate went so low that it went from the double digits in the early 1980s and actually hit a negative percentage not too long ago .
At the same time , the amount of household debt went off the charts .
It is hard to remember that there was a time in our history when debt was actually something to be handled with caution .
In the last decade , the careless risk taking banks did with debt created a massive housing bubble but also created bubbles in the auto industry , student loan market , and other areas that were financed induced .
Industries where banks are heavily involved have somehow turned out to harm the working and middle class of the country .
Many financed their lifestyles through credit cards :
We have dropped from the peak of nearly $ 1 trillion in credit card debt down to approximately $ 850 billion in credit card debt .
Yet this contraction did n’t happen because people started paying down debts .
This has occurred through bank write - downs and many of the bailed out banks constricting access to credit cards to the American public .
In a way , this is what should have been done decades ago .
But what is troubling is that banks used this as an excuse and reason for receiving trillions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer money .
The bailout funds were to keep lending going so people could use the funds to live in their debt fantasy .
Well that fantasy has ended for the middle class but banks can continue on pretending and living in their fairytale world where taxpayer money and bailouts are somehow congruent with a free market .
Retail spending has contracted because people no longer have access to the amount of debt that was available only a few years ago .
If you want to see the new royalty in America , just look at the below :
Source : Institute for Policy Studies
I ’ve talked about the distribution of wealth in the U.S. in many articles but the above shows a solid plutocracy is already here .
Wealth is the key issue .
As many people are now finding out simply having a massive home with a jumbo mortgage and a leased foreign car is no sign of wealth .
In fact , that can be taken from you quickly ( and it is by the number of foreclosures and repossessions we are witnessing ) .
But true wealth is actually owning the stock , or share of ownership in companies in the U.S .
“ The above chart shows that half of all stock wealth is concentrated with the top 1 percent .
In fact , over 90 percent of Americans in the lower rungs own roughly 9 percent of all the stock wealth .
This is why the stock market is largely a game for the rich and jobs are largely a game for the rest of us . ”
We are at a major crossroads for the U.S.
If action is n’t taken soon this massive inequality will dig deeper and the middle class will lose more and more people as the economy knocks people off the treadmill .
If we follow the money , our government , Democrat or Republican is largely bought out by the Wall Street cause .
Money is shifted to the least productive sector of finance at the expense of building real tangible assets that help the majority .
The real fairytale going on today is believing that our government and Wall Street are looking out for the economic good of the entire country .
Ask the 40 million people on food assistance how things are going .
Ask the over 15 million Americans with no job how the economy is progressing .
Let us ask the millions that are being foreclosed on how solid growth is .
For big banks , all is well and this is reflected by their billion dollar profits since they are stealing from taxpayers and gambling on Wall Street .
Not even a Disney fantasy is this outlandish .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Alexander Radulov : “ I never regretted my choice ” ( Photo © Le Soleil )
After his move from Nashville to Russia , Alexander Radulov has been very discreet with the media .
But he decided to give an exclusive interview to Mikaël Lalancette of Le Soleil , in which he talked about his controversial move , about his future and about Quebec City .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
Early Years
Alexander Radulov moved from Russia to North America in 2004 , when he was picked up by the Quebec Remparts of the QMJHL .
“ At this point we can say that it was the first betrayal of my career .
The Remparts drafted me and so I decided to come and play in Quebec .
Back at home my relatives and my friends did n’t understand me .
They told me that I could keep on playing in Russia and still dreaming about the NHL . ”
So Radulov packed his things and moved to Quebec , a francophone city in which he was very comfortable .
“ People were great .
The two years I spent in Quebec were among the best in my life . ”
Back in Russia
After stealing the show in the QMJHL , Radulov graduated in the NHL .
“ My dream came true .
Scoring my first NHL goal in my second game was just great .
But in my head I always had a call from home … ”
But despite the growing interest the NHL had toward Radulov , he decided to slam the door and announce that he was going to play in Russia .
And this was another betrayal .
The fans which idolized him for moving from Russia to America now labeled him as traitor .
“ I can understand their disappointment , but getting back home was good for me .
I had good reasons .
I wanted to be closer to my family and keep on doing my favorite thing . ”
Now Radulov lives near St. Petersburg with his family .
Maybe he ’s annoyed with North America ?
“ Yes and no .
It ’s so different .
Yes , I miss a few people with whom I ’m close to , but I ’m okay with myself .
And I ’m at home . ”
The future
Recently Radulov ensured that David Pole , Predators ’ GM , knows his chances to get back to the USA for the next season and that he accepted the fact that he wants to honor his 3 - yr deal with Salavat Yulaev Ufa .
But Radulov believes that no links were broken and that he ’s ready to welcome Radulov back in the NHL .
“ People were nice to me there , they have good fans and I liked the organization .
My agent actually talked to them during these years .
But I do n’t want to play the speculation game .
For now I ’m a KHL player . ”
Even if he refuses to officially state a return , Radulov also said that he was always honest about his desire to play in the NHL .
After his departure many pointed the finger at him for having left the Predators just for money .
“ People said and written many things about me after my departure from Nashville , but I never lied about my intention to play in the world ’s best league .
The KHL is a good league , but the NHL is still the best . ”
In the 2009 - 2010 , Radulov was his team ’s top scorer with 24 goals , 39 assists and 63 points in 54 games .
Even if he is satisfied with his personal season , his team ’s failure in the playoffs left him disappointed .
“ My goal has always been to win and we did n’t win the cup this year .
For Alexander Radulov this is not satisfactory ! ”
In spite of such a loud move two years ago , Radulov never crossed out a potential return in the NHL .
“ I ’m going to take the best decision for the moment .
I do n’t want to say ‘ no ’ to anyone , but as expected I ’ll honor the final year of my contract . ”
After his return in Russia many rumors stated that he regretted his decision to leave Nashville , but as he said , many untrue things were said about the process .
“ I never regretted my choice , but I have to say that at first it was n’t easy .
After my first depart , four years before , many things changed .
And I had to deal with some details .
The NHL has 100 years of history , the KHL is still at the start and so there were some problems .
I was a bit discouraged , but I ’ve never regretted being away from Nashville .
My goal was to play hockey at home .
And I took my decision . ”
Radulov also explained once again that the NHL is still on the top .
“ The KHL has improved a lot , now many cities have modern arenas .
But even if the league ’s level grow a lot , also due to the North Americans playing there , it ’s still not comparable to the NHL . ”
The former Rempart also indicated that the NHL should consider returning back to Quebec City , mostly for its supporters .
“ I ’ve spent two fantastic years with them .
I ’ve never seen a better place to play than the Coliseum .
The supporters were truly great when we won the Memorial Cup .
Quebec is the best place of the world for hockey .
The supporters are unique .
Promise me to write this ! ”
Original articles by Mikaël Lalancette of Le Soleil :
1 , 2 , 3
Carlos Ruiz Zafón was born in Barcelona and is the author of The Shadow of the Wind , the most successful novel in Spanish publishing history after Don Quixote .
Translated into more than 35 languages , it has been read by over 12 m readers worldwide .
The Prince of Mist , a children 's book and the first work Ruiz Zafón published , is now available in English for the first time .
" Mention the gothic and many readers will probably picture gloomy castles and an assortment of sinister Victoriana .
However , the truth is that the gothic genre has continued to flourish and evolve since the days of Bram Stoker , producing some of its most interesting and accomplished examples in the 20th century – in literature , film and beyond .
Ours is a time with a dark heart , ripe for the noir , the gothic and the baroque .
A basic list of great 20th - century gothic novels could include at least 100 but , since space is limited , here are a few places to begin your explorations .
As always , try to get out of your comfort zone and ignore conventional wisdom on what is good or bad .
' Free your mind , and the rest will follow ... ' "
1. The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson
One of the very best ghost stories ever written .
Shirley Jackson 's writings are a must for aficionados of the gothic and of good literature .
Take this as a first step and discover one of the most unusual and underrated writers of the last century .
2. Mysteries of Winterthurn by Joyce Carol Oates
I 've long considered Oates to be one of the greatest living authors , and certainly the undisputed queen of gothic literary fiction .
This book is part of her grand Victorian cycle which begins with Bellefleur .
Mysteries of Winterthurn is one of the least - known works in her vast oeuvre but it's my personal favourite .
Oates is an extremely prolific writer who has been able to sustain an extraordinary level of quality in her output .
Life is short , so kill your TV now and start exploring her universe .
3. Sanctuary by William Faulkner
A very interesting gothic novel set in the American south – and one that will be surprisingly easy to read even for those who tremble in fear at the mention of Faulkner .
This was supposed to be his attempt at commercial fiction ; perhaps because of this it has always been regarded suspiciously and considered a minor work .
It is not .
4. Double Indemnity by James M Cain
Lean , mean and dazzling .
This is one of the great LA gothics , with all the best echoes of classic noir and a femme fatale to end all femme fatales .
Most people have seen the great Billy Wilder adaptation of this novel and therefore bypass the book .
Big mistake .
As glorious as Wilder 's film is , this novel has a rare , dark beauty that deserves to be savoured on its own terms .
5. Falling Angel by William Hjortsberg
If you ask me , this novel is the best mystery thriller ever written .
It has the classic elements of a Chandler novel combined with the solid tradition of the 1970s supernatural thrillers à la Rosemary 's Baby .
The writing , plotting and characterisation are superb .
This is a hard title to find , but do yourself a favour and go looking .
6 . The Gormenghast trilogy by Mervyn Peake
Dark , dense , baroque and hauntingly beautiful .
Peake 's lush prose and imagery are a pleasure to any lover of the beauty of the written word .
A word of warning , however : this one takes its time .
Most readers are used to more watery offerings – this is thick , creamy and extra-rich .
7. Perdido Street Station by China Miéville
China Miéville , poster boy for the so - called " new weird " , is one of the most interesting and promising writers to appear in the last few years in any genre .
This is a fantastic yarn that follows the roads set by M John Harrison in his Viriconium world and brings an enormous energy and creativity to the table .
A reinvention of modern fantasy with guts , brains and plenty of glory .
Plunge in .
8. Burning Your Boats : The Collected Short Stories by Angela Carter
A treasure chest of wonderfully wicked stories from the late grand - dame of the modern English gothic .
Take one at a time and enjoy them as you would a good red wine .
Eventually , it 'll go to your head .
In a good way .
9. Pet Sematary by Stephen King
A modern - day Dickens with a popular voice and a genius for storytelling in any genre , Stephen King has written many wonderful books .
Perhaps none of them are as scary or creepy as this one .
Some people write King off because of his enormous success or the rather weak movie adaptations of his novels , but he is a fantastic writer with tremendous powers of characterisation and a talent for driving a narrative that other authors dream of .
Do n't let the hype or the snobbery blind you .
The man is truly a king .
10 . Let the Right One In by John Ajvide Lindqvist
A notable hit in Lindqvist 's native Sweden a few years ago , Let the Right One In was adapted into a film that did n't even begin to do justice to this fresh , powerful and brutally honest reinvention of the vampire novel .
This is very effective storytelling with a chilled , Scandinavian , noirish element .
White snow never looked so dark .
1 .
One day before I came to the residency in Iowa Writers ’ Workshop , Gu Xiang , a young Chinese novelist , chatted with me in Shanghai :
Last week I came across two young men in the countryside .
They were both migrant workers in a local factory .
Standing on a bridge , they talked about how to get some fish from the stream below .
As a young writer craving new stories , I hid myself behind a bush and eavesdropped on their conversation .
They came up with quite a few plans , but all were rejected because of the various inconveniences they may cause .
For example , they could n’t fish because they did n’t have a fishing rod .
After about three hours of scheming and observing , one man said to the other , well , let ’s forget about the whole plan and go home .
We can find some eatery to have some fish if we want to .
The other man replied , sure , but I do n’t think I crave fish .
So they headed home .
And I ended up with no story .
I told Gu what she just said could be developed into a typical Carverian story — a chronicle of blue - collar despair .
However , my response was not a tribute to the great American short story writer but quite the opposite .
A boring piece without a real narrative : this formed all my impressions of contemporary American short fiction .
Raymond Carver , Richard Ford , Richard Yates , and John Updike — the list can be prolonged endlessly — all read very similarly , if not the same , in Chinese translation , and even their different subject matter does not help .
They seemed to speak in a unanimous voice about the similar , repetitive , and desperate contemporary American life .
Not until I reread these works in English and carefully compared the original texts with Chinese translations did I realize that translation plays a pivotal role in influencing readers ’ understanding of these works .
It is both interesting and sad to see how the so - called “ translation style ” has compressed these very different writers into one boring contemporary American voice .
The beauty of the language is always the first to go .
Perhaps all of us have heard the saying “ three moves equal one house fire . ”
Unfortunately , things can be even more dismal to those writers who build their style on symbols — a single move brings off a catastrophe .
Take John Updike ’s short story “ Separating . ”
The story is about Richard , who struggles with how to break the news to his children of his separation from his wife .
Updike employs at least two major natural images to lay clear Richard ’s inner life — the wave and the mountain .
Hearing his daughter ’s harsh comment on the separation , Richard bursts into tears at the family party .
Updike writes ,
Richard ’s crying , like a wave that has created and crashed , had become tumultuous ; but it was overtopped by another tumult , for John , who had been so reserved , now grew larger and larger at the table .
Except for the challenge a translator has to meet such as some wordplay here ( e.g. the alliteration of create and crash , and the stress on the word tumult ) , the image of the wave is even more tricky because it is linked somewhere later in the story : “ They sat on the crest of the rise , shaking and warm from their tears but easier in their voices , and Richard tried to focus on the child ’s sad year … ”
As we all know , crest in English does not only refer to the top of a wave but also the top line of a mountain or a hill .
Therefore , the crest here connects with both the afore - mentioned image , “ wave ” and the later important image , “ mountain , ” which represents the psychological burden on Richard .
When Richard ’s wife tells him to deal with Dickie , their mature elder son , in person , Updike depicts Richard ’s gloomy moment as “ The mountain before him moved closer , moved within him ; he was huge , momentous . ”
Then , after breaking the terrible news to Dickie , Updike says , “ He felt immensely lighter , saying this .
He had dumped the mountain on the boy . ”
Clearly , the two symbols here carry significant weight of the tension within the family throughout the story .
But it is almost impossible for the Chinese translator to retain the double meaning of the word crest .
Having tried his best , Yuan Honggen , the Chinese translator of Updike ’s short fiction collection , writes , “ They sat on the top of a hill , shaking from their tears while warm in heart … ”
The abstract connotation of crest becomes a concrete place mark where the party is held .
Thus , the Chinese readers are no longer able to track the symbols that are embedded in the story .
Of course we can argue whether Yuan ’s choice is good enough in terms of rendering the symbolic structure of the short fiction .
But one reason why a translator has to forsake some symbols is a simple wish not to let the translation read awkwardly to the target readers .
Eudora
Welty , the fabulous southern American writer famous for her skillful mastery of symbols , offers another example of how style is flattened in translation .
As the translator of her short story “ Livvie ” , I am amazed by how many vivid symbols she implanted in her detailed depiction of Solomon ’s house .
The story has plenty of contrasts , old and young , life and death , etc .
To attain the full effect of those contrasts , Welty brings out a particular pair of symbols , spring and winter .
With that in mind , the readers will find that the details of Solomon ’s house work very well on both realistic and symbolic levels .
The core of the house , Solomon ’s bed , oozes winter : the iron bed , the snow - white curtains , and the thick quilt Solomon clutches though it ’s the first day of spring .
Nevertheless , the outside of the house seems already bathed in the light of spring .
There are “ fern baskets hanging overhead from the ceiling ” and “ dishpans of zinnia seedlings ” in the corridor .
But one specific detail that puts me under tremendous pressure is “ one easy chair with high springs . ”
I feel certain that Welty manipulates the double meaning of spring on purpose , but in Chinese translation , in order not to let the text sound jarring , I have to translate the phrase into “ one easy chair with thick cushions . ”
From time to time , I feel that we translators are knocking out the rungs of an exquisite ladder the author fabricates in order to help his / her readers claw through multiple levels of the story ; after the ladder falls apart , the readers can only rest on the surface of the fiction .
One of the major reasons I found contemporary American short fiction boring in the past is that all that is left after the “ move ” of the story to Chinese is an undramatic plot .
The use of symbolism aside , even the very distinct American writers ’ prose style can hardly be differentiated in Chinese translation .
The day was fair .
Brilliant .
All that June the weather had mocked the Maples ’ internal misery with solid sunlight — golden shafts and cascades of green in which their conversations had wormed unseeing , their sad murmuring selves the only stain in Nature .
( John Updike , “ Separating ” )
… He ( Francis Weed ) had traveled faster than the newspaper or the rain , and the weather in New York was sunny and mild .
It was a day in late September , as fragrant and shapely as an apple .
Trace listened to the story , but how could he get excited ?
Francis had no powers that would let him re-create a brush with death — particularly in the atmosphere of a commuting train .
Journeying through a sunny countryside where already , in the slum gardens , there were signs of harvest .
( John Cheever , “ The Country Husband ” )
These two passages read quite different in English , but one may find the Chinese translations of the two texts pretty similar .
The weather was fair and sunny .
Throughout June the sunny weather seemed to pit against the Maples ’ internal misery .
Their conversations had inched along as worms did in golden shafts and layers of green , unbeknownst to others .
The shadows of their sad murmuring forms the only stain in Nature .
( Yuan Honggen ’s translation )
The Speed of his travel exceeds that of the newspaper or the rain .
The weather in New York was fair , sunny , and mild .
This is the weather in late September , fragrant and fair like an apple .
Trace listened to him , but how could he get excited ?
Francis had no capacity to recreate the atmosphere of how he fled from death — particularly on a commuting train .
The train pulled along through a sunny countryside , and the poor family had already shown the signs of harvest .
( Shi Xianrong ’s translation )
Judging from the language , those two translations are rendered in fine standard Chinese that forms the so - called “ translation style . ”
“ Translation style ” is beautiful in its own way , but , as I see it , it is also a process whereby handicrafts production is replaced by machine manufacturing .
In the two cited translations , a progressive shade of meaning in Updike ’s word choice of fair and brilliant is lost in Chinese , which makes it little different from Cheever ’s more concrete choice of sunny and mild .
To make things worse , Chinese translators are in a habit of using four - character / syllable idioms as a proof of their high command of their mother tongue .
Therefore , the meters of those lines are similar , which leads to a similar rhythm .
The day was fair .
Brilliant .
天气不错，阳光明媚 。
tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh
the weather in New York was sunny and mild .
纽约的天气很好，风和日丽。
XXX - tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh
A default use of the four - character / syllable idioms does not only apply to the description of nature ( the setting of a story so to speak ) , but in fact everything .
For example , a line in the opening paragraphs of Eudora Welty ’s “ Death of a Traveling Salesman ” sounds like this :
… He had had a very high fever , and dreams , and had become weakened and pale , enough to tell the difference in the mirror , and he could not think clearly …
……病中他高烧不退，幻影重重，体力衰弱，面色苍白，一照镜子就知道自己的变化，而且他脑子也混沌不清……
( Wu Xinyun ’s translation )
… XXX - tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh , XXXXXXXXXXXX , XXXXXX - tuh - tuh - tuh - tuh …
In the Chinese rendition of A Curtain of Green and Other Stories , a certain basic rhythm develops like a steady drumbeat in the background , which I doubt Welty would like .
Besides , due to the linguistic difference between Chinese and English , the counterparts for certain English verbs do not exist in Chinese .
The verb worm , if the translator purports to keep to the precision , can only be translated as something similar to “ moves like worms , ” and the additional simile in translation makes it read closer to the simile Cheever puts in his original text , “ fragrant and fair like an apple . ”
The same is true of the adjectives that end with “ - ing ” ( e.g. exhausting ) .
Chances are that such adjectives as “ exhausting ” very often cannot secure their alternatives and have to be translated as “ makes someone exhausted , ” which does not only give the author a wordy style , but also equates the phrase “ makes someone exhausted ” with “ exhausting . ”
Disaster strikes the passive voice .
In “ The Country Husband , ” Cheever elaborates on a vibrant scene of a female prisoner , who is now the main character Francis ’s maid , during WWII .
The prisoner arrived sitting on a three - legged stool in a farm cart .
She stood by the cart while the Mayor read the accusation and the sentence .
Her head was bent and her face was set in that empty half smile behind which the whipped soul was suspended .
Here , the passive voice inherent in Line 3 can only be rendered an active voice in Chinese , otherwise it will sound verbose even to the most patient reader .
But Cheever utilizes the passive voice intentionally to contrast with the prisoner ’s later spontaneous actions : “ she undid her hair and let it fall across her back ” and “ the prisoner pushed her ( a woman ) aside and undressed herself . ”
The following three sentences are what I plan to have the undergraduates ruminate in my creative writing class , but sadly these are also the examples of certain nuances of prose style that are not working in Chinese .
( 1 ) .
No tear was shed by her .
( 2 ) .
She shed no tears .
( 3 ) .
All came to the funeral but no tear was shed .
The first sentence can only be translated identical to the second sentence in Chinese , and the third sentence has to become “ All came to the funeral but no one shed tears . ”
The cited excerpt of Cheever ’s story also contains another example of how certain nuances of syntaxes make no sense in Chinese .
( 1 ) .
The prisoner arrived sitting on a three - legged stool in a farm cart .
( 2 ) .
Perching on a three - legged stool in a farm cart , the prisoner arrived .
( 3 ) .
Here was the prisoner , sitting on a three - legged stool in a farm cart .
( 4 ) .
The prisoner came all the way here on a three - legged stool in a farm cart .
Sadly , these four sentences can only be rendered as “ the prisoner came , sitting on a three - legged stool in a farm cart . ”
Very often , the difference in the source text , as striking as that between “ Her bedroom light burned ” and “ Her bedroom light was on , ” has to be erased .
The difference of word choice does not go alone ; it takes the mood with it .
Good writing relies on good description , which turns readers into sensory participants in the story .
Ironically , if the key adjectives or verbs are unable to find their equivalents in the target language , the whole vivid description is hollowed out .
… He ( Francis ) took her free hand , letting his fingers in between hers , climbed at her side the two concrete steps , and went up a narrow walk through a front garden where dahlias , marigolds , and roses — things that had withstood the light frosts — still bloomed , and made a bittersweet smell in the night air .
( John Cheever , “ The Country Husband ” )
The adjective bittersweet here is of crucial importance because it does not only give a visceral sense of how those flowers smell , but also foreshadows the bitter aftertaste of Francis ’s ephemeral romance .
Unfortunately , the translator is not able to locate a word that can convey the two shades of meaning , and he chooses the adjective “ 扑鼻 ” which means “ tangy . ”
The Chinese readers are therefore disconnected with the concrete fragrance of the flowers , the names of which , by the way , are purely exotic and do not ring a bell in the Chinese context .
Furthermore , “ 扑鼻 ” is a cliché word in Chinese , a word that carries hardly any valence — a typical consequence of relying on “ translation style . ”
2 .
The same is true the other way around — the translation from Chinese to English .
Yu Hua , one of my favorite Chinese writers , loses his signature writing style in English and becomes someone like a distant relative of himself .
Yu Hua ’s early short story collection came out in a new English translation with a subtitle that did not exist in its original Chinese version : Stories of Hidden China .
As Drew Calvert put it in his book review published in the Boston Review , “ ( The subtitle ) may seem like a marketing ploy to give the book an exotic appeal .
It may also seem redundant : is n’t it standard for writers of fiction to explore life ’s obscure realms ? ”
This “ exotic appeal , ” according to Calvert , shapes the mentality of English readers , for whom “ the default response has been to view it through the lens of modern politics . ”
Yu Hua , a highly stylistic and apolitical writer in Chinese , is transformed to a less artistic but highly political writer to accommodate an English - speaking audience .
In China , Yu Hua is known as an avant - garde writer who emerged in the 1980s .
His avant - garde elements of style include his clear and concise language that fits into what the French critic Roland Barthes called “ writing degree zero , ” suggesting a break - up of Bourgeois writing .
Yu boldly confronts violence in his work , interweaving it with minimalist prose .
In contrast , though the violence is retained within the totality of the plot in the English translation , Yu ’s signature language is rectified and polished by the translator , thus losing his avant - garde style .
Yu ’s narrative in Chinese is often compared to Albert Camus ’s The Stranger .
Like Camus ,
Yu employs a lot of independent clauses .
But in the English translation , perhaps in order not to let the readers feel the language is too fragmented or even broken , these independent clauses are connected by conjunctions to form complex sentences .
Consider the opening paragraph of “ No Name of My Own ” as an example .
In Allan H. Barr ’s translation this paragraph is rendered as follows :
One day , as I crossed the bridge with my carrying - pole on my shoulder , I heard someone say that Pug - nose Xu Asan had died , so I laid down my baskets and took the towel that I wore around my neck and rubbed the sweat off my face while I listened to them talk about how it had happened …
But if translated literally from Chinese to English , this paragraph should read like this :
One day , I crossed the bridge with the carrying - pole on my shoulder .
I heard them say Upturned - nose Xu Asan had died .
I put down the carrying - pole , took the towel hanging on my neck , rubbed the sweat off my nose .
I listened to them talk about how Upturned - nose Xu Asan had died …
It seems the two translations bear no major difference , but it needs to be pointed out that Yu refuses to use such linking words as as and while .
The narrator of this story is an old man with an intellectual disability — his limited command of the language only allows him to make simple sentences .
Yu also dislikes the conjunction word but .
Barr adds but whenever he finds the logic unclear , whereas , in the original Chinese text , but is nowhere to be found .
Take another two sentences in “ No Name of My Own ” for example , “ their goggling eyes blinked shut , but their mouths opened even wider ; ” “ the kid was crying louder than anyone , but he asked me as he wept , ‘ Hey , am I your daddy ? ’ ”
But in these two cases implies the narrator has the capacity to understand a contrasting relation between two facts , whereas in reality the narrator should not demonstrate such a high level of nuance .
Further , by adding but , the perspective in viewing Yu ’s fictional world may go through a certain degree of distortion from Chinese to English .
The second example is set in a funeral scene .
The kid seems to behave properly according to traditional Chinese rituals ( i.e. to cry very loud for his late grandpa ) , yet he does not really feel grief , given the proof of his derision of the narrator on the way to the crematorium .
By getting rid of but , Yu entitles the narrator to offer his observation of the society without providing any specific understanding or interpretation .
The removal of nearly all conjunctions in Yu ’s original text does not only do justice to the narrator ’s mental disability , but also , like the aesthetic effect Camus has achieved in The Stranger , maps out a genuine and objective panorama of the absurdity of the society ; the mode of writing is intended to be , as Roland Barthes put it , “ a transparent form of speech . ”
On a similar note , the repetitions in Yu ’s stories are either trimmed down or refined in the English translation , thus failing to carry the weight of the embedded emotions of the original text .
In “ No Name of My Own , ” the narrator meditates on death : “ I know I ’m an idiot .
I know I ’m getting old and will die soon . ”
But in the Chinese version , this line goes : “ I know I am a fool .
I know I , the fool as I am , am getting old .
I know , the fool as I am , will die soon . ”
The word fool keeps bothering the narrator and thus causes the repetition .
However , in the English translation , in order not to let the prose sound jarring , Barr deprives both the narrator and readers of the right to be bothered .
In certain cases , the refinement of the original prose violates the authorial intention to keep away from bourgeois writing and intellectual writing .
The title story , “ Boy in the Twilight ” tells of a series of brutal punishments a boy is given by a vendor after the boy steals an apple from the vendor ’s stall .
Yu ’s violent world in Barr ’s translation is rendered like this :
Sun
Fu swung his arm and struck the boy , knocking the apple out of his hand and connecting so firmly with the boy ’s chin that he collapsed on the ground .
He shielded his head with his hands , all the time chewing vigorously .
Sun Fu , incensed , seized the boy by the collar and hauled him to his feet .
Here we need to pay special attention to two specific details .
One is that such verbs in English translation as swing , knock , and connect are written originally as the same word in Chinese , da , which means “ hit . ”
Yu ventures to challenge the lavish profusion in Chinese literary language before his time by using raw and simple word choice and sentences .
That is , he does not only use his storylines to connect with regular people in China , but also lets the characters speak their minds using their own language .
Thus , the violent world reads very authentically and vividly in the Chinese context .
It is understandable that Barr ’s variation of word choice is in a translator ’s concern to connect with target readers .
As James Wood comments in his review of War and Peace in a new English translation , “ Flaubert , the agonist of style , swatted repetitions like insects , and today ’s copy editor , no less than Tolstoy ’s early translators , is post - Flaubertian in this way . ”
Yet we cannot deny the fact that Yu in English is forced to be more Flaubertian , closer to Bourgeois writing so to speak , something Yu has explicitly avoided throughout his writing career .
The other detail that is worth mentioning is the last line in the paragraph above : “ Sun Fu , incensed , seized the boy by the collar and hauled him to his feet . ”
In the original text , there is no such interpretation as incensed , but it should be : “ On hearing the chewing sound , Sun Fu seized the boy by the collar and hauled him to his feet . ”
There are perhaps two reasons why Barr has made the modification : first , Barr , like today ’s copy editors , cannot endure the repetitions ; second , after cutting the repetition , he has to add the interpretation to smooth over the logic .
But in doing so , Barr has also changed the original logic of this line in a very subtle way .
Yu purports to emphasize that Sun ’s brutal violence is all triggered by trivial matters such as an apple , the chewing sound , etc .
The chewing sound in the Chinese context may also remind the readers of Japan ’s infamous “ Piano Murder ” in 1974 ( a man killed a female neighbor and her two young daughters because he could not tolerate their piano practice ) .
Yu has no intention to remark that Sun is incensed .
The trifles of daily life add up little by little to an eventual unbearable burden to Sun , and Sun is always on the lookout for a justified excuse to let out a flood of his repressed emotion — a mixture of boredom , grief , despair , grievance , anger , and perhaps something more .
By trimming down the repetitions and appending “ smart ” interpretations , Barr has narrowed down the original , much broader scope of these stories .
Yu also rejects the use of conventional metaphors in his works .
But in Barr ’s polished English version , certain images are given so much focus that they turn into metaphors in a perhaps inadvertent way .
The opening paragraph of “ Boy in the Twilight ” is beautifully rewritten by Barr in English : “ When a car drove by , it shrouded him in the dust stirred by its passage , plunging him into darkness , and it was a moment before he and his fruit re-emerged , as though unveiled by a new dawn . ”
In Chinese , however , this line is written by Yu in a very neat , curt fashion : “ A car drove by .
Dust stirred up covered him like the coming darkness .
In a little while , he and his fruit re-emerged like the dawn . ”
This example alone may not become a serious problem affecting interpretation .
Yet Barr ’s elaboration on such natural imagery is evident throughout the text .
One page later , Barr ’s translation reads , “ It was afternoon now .
Dust flew as the boy fled along the highway . ”
A literal translation from Chinese would be : “ It was already afternoon .
The boy was running on the dusty road . ”
Neither dust nor highway are highlighted , as neither darkness nor dawn are highlighted in the first place .
By imposing a new intellectual writing style on Yu and providing the misleading subtitle , Barr encourages the English readers to imbue these stories with political connotations : darkness may refer to the Cultural Revolution whereas dawn indicates the Reform and Opening period , and dust could represent the pain one experienced during the transitional period .
However , in Yu ’s original text , it is clear that he defies such interpretation .
A final flashback in the story explains where Sun ’s cruelty originates — the loss of his son , followed by his being abandoned by his wife .
Yu ’s stories deal with very personal relations and have no bearings with politics .
Also , all of those images — darkness , dawn , dust , and highway — are never mentioned in the later part of the story , which means they should not be over - interpreted .
Indeed , Barr ’s translation is beautiful , but perhaps it is too beautiful to lend fidelity to Yu Hua , a writer who has no interest in receiving praise about the beauty of his writing .
3 .
Since there are certain linguistic and cultural gaps that translators may not be able to negotiate , what should we do ?
I cannot speak for all the translators , but I set some expectations for myself .
First of all , get rid of the canard that all works should be rendered in a fine standard language , that is , rule out the “ translation style . ”
As a translator , I am often caught in the fear that if I do justice to a strange prose style without refining it , the readers may think it is I , rather than the original author , who has a mediocre command of the language .
But translators need to take such risks ; otherwise we can see from the various examples mentioned above how different fiction writers are given one serene , unanimous voice .
Second , try every means to retain the style of the author .
Last semester , I was in Professor Aron Aji ’s translation workshop at the University of Iowa .
Whenever a certain word choice or a sentence structure read awkwardly in translation , Professor Aji would confirm with the translator first : “ Does the word / line read awkwardly in the original language ?
In what ways ? ”
The author ’s style , like museum artifacts , are the treasures we must restore and feature in the translation .
Third , give as much thought to the sound and sight of the prose as a poet does to his verses .
Almost all the greatest writers care about the music of their prose .
This is also something I learned from Professor Aji .
Under his guidance , I am translating Zhu Yue ’s short fiction collection from Chinese to English .
I was surprised to hear one rule of his the first time : “ if this is one sentence in Chinese , no matter how long it is , we need to make it one sentence in English . ”
I never asked him why , but I knew this has to do with the rhythm of the original text ; until one day I happened to reread “ The Nature and Aim of Fiction ” by Flannery O’Connor , I came to understand more reasons behind this rule .
All the sentences in Madame Bovary could be examined with wonder , but there is one in particular that always stops me in admiration .
Flaubert has just shown us Emma at the piano with Charles watching her .
He says , “ She struck the notes with aplomb and ran from top to bottom of the keyboard without a break .
Thus shaken up , the old instrument , whose strings buzzed , could be heard at the other end of the village when the window was open , and often the bailiff ’s clerk , passing along the highroad , bareheaded and in list slippers , stopped to listen , his sheet of paper in his hand . ”
The more you look at a sentence like that , the more you can learn from it .
At one end of it , we are with Emma and this very solid instrument “ whose strings buzzed , ” and at the other end of it we are across the village with this very concrete clerk in his list slippers …
What I have learned from Flaubert ’s second sentence in the quote is that if the translator breaks down the long line into several short sentences , which many translators do when confronted with a dilemma to decrease the difficulty of translation , readers may never get an opportunity to know how much a great writer like Flaubert can accomplish in a single sentence by constructing a bridge of various vivid details to connect the two sides of his fictional village .
Translators are hunters who are always on the lookout for equivalents in the target language , equivalents of words , syntaxes , and rhythms , etc .
Perhaps one thing we need to keep in mind in this fun but demanding game is that we also need to work hard to become the equivalent of the great author of the original text .
Image Credit : Flickr / Gary Denham .
PORTLAND –
The group that plans to open Portland ’s first medical marijuana dispensary expects to learn Monday whether it must find another site .
Northeast Patients Group chose 959 Congress St. as its preferred home for a state - licensed dispensary , which is scheduled to open in December .
But the property may be too close to the Deliverance Center , a church that takes in drug addicts and alcoholics and houses a small private school called the Christian Academy of Portland .
State law says “ a dispensary may not be located within 500 feet of the property line of a pre-existing public or private school . ”
Officials with the Department of Health and Human Services plan to meet Monday to determine whether the dispensary should operate elsewhere .
“ What we ’re trying to do is determine if ( the academy ) truly is a licensed school , ” said Lucky Hollander , a spokeswoman for the department .
The state law applies only to schools that are licensed by the state Department of Education , Hollander said , although she added , “ we do n’t want to be technical about this We have to get together with ( the involved parties ) and mediate a solution . ”
The Rev. Stephen Reynolds , a pastor at the Deliverance Center whose children went to the school , said Friday that he does n’t believe the school has a license from the state .
The school offers kindergarten through 12th grade for children of the church ’s families .
It has been operating nearly every school year since 1978 , although it did not operate last school year , Reynolds said .
It expects four or five students this fall , he said .
Reynolds said he fears that making marijuana available for medical reasons will increase drug abuse problems , and he is especially concerned about having a dispensary so close to where he is trying to help people overcome drug addiction .
The church and school are at 1008 Congress St. A preliminary measurement by city officials shows the building is more than 512 feet from the building at 959 Congress St .
But “ the distance from property line to property line is 443.785 feet , ” said Nicole Clegg , spokeswoman for the city .
Rebecca DeKeuster , chief executive officer of Northeast Patients Group , said the group will work with state officials and the community to find a suitable site , whether it ’s on Congress Street or elsewhere .
“ We ’re waiting to hear back from the state , ” she said .
“ The ( preferred ) property is certainly on hold . ”
Northeast Patients Group has not signed a lease for the space .
It has identified alternative sites , including 95 Preble St .
Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at :
[ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
This article has no abstract ; the first 100 words appear below .
Marshaling expanded financial resources , aggressive new legal authority , and rare bipartisan solidarity , the Obama administration is accelerating federal efforts to fight health care fraud , waste , and abuse that cost taxpayers and private insurers billions of dollars every year .
Although the new forms of authority are granted by the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , which Republicans unanimously opposed , most GOP legislators strongly support — and some even sponsored measures to enable1 — the more rigorous crackdown on illegal activities that plague Medicare , Medicaid , and private insurers .
Under past policies , Congress and the executive branch “ way , way , way ” underspent on fighting health care . . .
Malt and Schmalz in Ethiopia Bavarian Beer Finds Fans on the Horn of Africa
Bratwurst , beer mugs , waitresses in dirndls and folksy slogans on the wall .
It sounds like a beer hall in Bavaria .
But this bar is actually in Addis Ababa , where an Ethiopian brewer has built a culinary monument to his former home in Germany .
Von Simon Riesche
THE company behind London 's public transport '' Oyster card ' ' has been handed the task of creating an electronic ticket for Sydney 's trains , buses and ferries .
Eight years after its botched attempt to deliver Tcard , the NSW government has appointed Pearl Consortium , which includes Cubic Transportation Systems , to deliver the $ 1.2 billion ticket system .
Cubic has less than three years to get the electronic ticket launched across Sydney , Newcastle , the Hunter , Wollongong , Illawarra and the Blue Mountains .
In London , more than 98 per cent of commuters use the Cubic - produced Oyster card to board buses .
The card can also be used on the Tube and on trains .
It has been credited with cutting boarding times fourfold over the past decade .
Loading
NSW Transport Minister David Campbell said : " The new system will allow commuters to tap on and tap off from different modes of transport … it will operate in a similar way to an e-tag - each card or tag can be linked to an account from which the price of the journey will be automatically deducted . ''
The Tcard , which was to be implemented by the company ERG , could cost taxpayers more than $ 300 million .
It is the subject of court action .
The new scheme will most likely have to simplify Sydney 's densely layered fare structure .
Saltar a la fecha de hoy .
section = sociedad nombre = impresa.sociedad
Pérdidas anuales de 13 mil mdp por descargas ilegales en Internet Coalición cultural denuncia el hecho y exige regular el uso de nuevas tecnologías Pide que la piratería se persiga de oficio Estrato económico alto , el que más realiza esa actividad
Curanderos embaucadores podrán ser acusados de fraude , señala la Corte
No se considera delito la medicina alternativa , determina el tribunal
Exige a Calderón asumir su responsabilidad en el caso ABC
No murieron animalitos , reprocha el padre de una menor Abraham Fraijo acude a Los Pinos a entregar una carta al Presidente
Se ha ofrecido atención médica a niños sobrevivientes del incendio , dice IMSS El servicio ha sido deficiente , aseguran los familiares
El 5 de junio , día de luto nacional Anoche , la Presidencia de la Repúblico emitió un comunicado en el que informó de la reunión con los padres de algunos de los menores fallecidos en la guardería ABC .
Continuar
En 10 años , resultados de la lucha contra la obesidad : Ssa Empresas presionan ante medidas antichatarra en escuelas , acepta Debe invertirse más en prevención , dice el subsecretario Hernández Ávila
Padecen violencia familiar 8 de cada 10 jóvenes , señala el titular de la SEP Presentan campaña para evitar agresiones durante el noviazgo
Alertan sobre uso inadecuado de antibióticos
El uso inadecuado de antibióticos es una práctica de los pacientes , los empleados de las farmacias y también de los médicos que los prescriben por si acaso y sin prevenir las posibles consecuencias , advirtió Anahí Dreser Mansilla , investigadora del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública .
Continuar
Cierran filas PRI , PRD y PT con Narro y pugnarán por apoyar más a la UNAM Gustavo Madero respondió al llamado del rector exigiendo cuentas y resultados El Ejecutivo propuso quitar a las universidades 11 mil millones ; no lo permitimos : Videgaray La Comisión Permanente hará un reconocimiento a directores y actores de cine mexicanos
La universidad nacional rinde cuentas lo mismo del ejercicio de los recursos que de sus logros académicos Emite comunicado la máxima casa de estudios y su total disposición a acudir al Senado
Prevén de 8 a 14 huracanes en el Atlántico El Servicio Meteorológico Nacional ( SMN ) informó que se prevé una incidencia elevada de huracanes en el océano Atlántico , donde se esperan entre ocho y 14 huracanes , de los cuales de tres a siete pueden ser intensos .
Mientras , en el Pacífico la proyección es de cuatro a siete ciclones , y entre uno y tres serían intensos .
Continuar
México , Nicaragua y Perú , en las 13 reservas de biosfera Decide UNESCO inclusión en Red Mundial
Tim Allen
AKA Timothy Allen Dick
Born : 13 - Jun -1953
Birthplace : Denver , CO
Gender : Male
Race or Ethnicity : White
Sexual orientation : Straight
Occupation : Actor , Comic
Nationality : United States
Executive summary : Home Improvement
On 2 October 1978 , Tim Allen Dick was arrested in Detroit for possession of a pound and a half of cocaine .
Under Michigan law , he could have been sentenced to life in prison .
Instead he turned state 's evidence -- the legal term for ratting on your cohorts .
Allen reportedly fingered at least 21 co-conspirators , and in exchange , he was sentenced to just five years under the more lenient ( at that time ) federal law .
He was paroled after 2 ½ years , and after dropping his last name , he has become one of America 's most successful ex-cons gone legit .
He started doing stand - up on a dare , and honed his " lovable loser with tools " persona after it went over well with a crowd of Goodyear Tire workers .
His hit sitcom Home Improvement was built around this stage character , and of course , Allen now has his own line of power tools .
He was arrested for drunk driving in 1997 , after he nearly fell over and could n't count backwards during a roadside sobriety check .
The arrest effectively brings Allen 's life story full - circle : A drunk driver killed his father when Allen was 11 .
Also in 1997 , Allen was in an auto accident in Studio City , California , and injured a 72 - year - old retired librarian named Henry Armstrong .
Armstrong told the National Enquirer that Allen " was bleary - eyed and unsteady on his feet , and he never uttered a word , never mind said sorry . "
Allen sued the old man for $ 12 million , complaining that Allen 's " business as a well - known and well - respected actor , entertainer , author , commercial spokesperson and product endorser has been damaged . "
Allen dropped the lawsuit two years later , as a " humanitarian gesture " when he learned that Armstrong was suffering from brain cancer .
Kip Addotta , a friend and comic who mentored Allen through the early years of his career , says Allen " cut all ties with me " as soon as his TV show started .
Father : Gerald Dick ( d. 1964 , killed by drunk driver )
Mother : Martha " Marty " Dick
Father : ( stepfather , Episcopalian deacon )
Wife : Laura Diebel ( landscaper , m. 1978 , div. Mar -2003 , one daughter )
Daughter : Katherine " Kady " Allen ( b. 1989 , with Diebel )
High School : Seaholm High School , Birmingham , MI
University : Central Michigan University
University : BS Communications , Western Michigan University ( 1976 )
Hollywood Walk of Fame 6834 Hollywood Blvd. ( television )
Endorsement of Chevrolet ( 2010 -)
Promises 16 - Apr-1998
Driving While Intoxicated arrested in Bloomfield Hills , MI ( 24 - May - 1997 )
Drug Possession : Cocaine arrested with 1.4 pounds of cocaine at Kalamazoo Airport ( 2 - Oct - 1978 )
Golden Globe 1995 for Home Improvement
Appendectomy Oct-1999
Funeral : Steve Jobs ( 2011 )
Risk Factors : Cocaine , Alcoholism , Appendicitis
TELEVISION
Last Man Standing Mike Baxter ( 2011 -)
Home Improvement Tim Taylor ( 1991 -99 )
FILMOGRAPHY AS DIRECTOR
Crazy on the Outside ( 8 - Jan-2010 )
FILMOGRAPHY AS ACTOR
Toy Story 4 ( 14 - Jun -2019 ) [ VOICE ]
Ralph Breaks the Internet ( 5 - Nov- 2018 ) [ VOICE ]
Chimpanzee ( 19 - Apr - 2012 ) · Narrator [ VOICE ]
Toy Story 3 ( 12 - Jun - 2010 ) · Buzz Lightyear [ VOICE ]
Crazy on the Outside ( 8 - Jan - 2010 ) · Tommy
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay ( 2009 ) · Henry
Redbelt ( 7 - Apr-2008 )
Wild Hogs ( 2 - Mar -2007 )
Fired ! ( 2 - Feb -2007 ) · Himself
The Santa Clause 3 : The Escape Clause ( 2 - Nov-2006 )
Zoom ( 11 - Aug - 2006 )
Cars ( 14 - Mar -2006 ) [ VOICE ]
The Shaggy Dog ( 9 - Mar-2006 )
Christmas with the Kranks ( 24 - Nov-2004 )
The Santa Clause 2 ( 27 - Oct-2002 ) · Santa
Big Trouble ( 2 - Apr-2002 )
Joe Somebody ( 19 - Dec - 2001 )
Who is Cletis Tout ?
( 12 - Sep-2001 )
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command : The Adventure Begins ( 8 - Aug-2000 ) [ VOICE ]
Galaxy Quest ( 23 - Dec - 1999 ) · Jason Nesmith
Toy Story 2 ( 13 - Nov-1999 ) · Buzz Lightyear [ VOICE ]
For Richer or Poorer ( 12 - Dec - 1997 ) · Brad Sexton
Jungle 2 Jungle ( 3 - Feb - 1997 )
Meet Wally Sparks ( 16 - Jan - 1997 ) · Himself
Toy Story ( 22 - Nov-1995 ) [ VOICE ]
The Santa Clause ( 11 - Nov- 1994 )
Official Website :
http://www.timallen.com/
Rotten Library Page :
Tim Allen
Requires Flash 7 + and Javascript .
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
Given the long list of chemicals that go into our daily personal care products — everything from shampoo to eyeshadow — it is both alarming and puzzling that the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has absolutely no oversight of the cosmetics industry .
We just let the companies police themselves .
Lisa Archer , national coordinator for the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics , said that her group did its own independent testing of personal care products and found everything from formaldehyde ( a known carcinogen ) in children 's bath products to hormone disrupters in perfume .
An investigation done last May by the Chicago Tribune that found high levels of mercury in skin- lightening creams , despite the fact that the toxic metal is supposedly banned from such use .
The Safe Cosmetics
Act will go a long way in eliminating these dangers .
First , it will begin to phase out any ingredient associated with cancer and / or birth defects , establish safety standards for all ingredients , and require an ingredients list on cosmetic packaging .
It will also make sure that workers in the cosmetic industry are made aware of any potentially hazardous chemicals they may encounter on the job .
Tell your Representative to support the Safe Cosmetics Act of 2010 .
When you are building a software solution to solve a particular problem , you would be very focused on solving the problem and solving it well .
However , from time to time you need supporting components in your solution that are not directly related to the problem you are solving .
These are components that are required to complete your solution .
Maybe its a payment system for your online greeting card service , or a spell checker component for your realtime note editor , you would rather look for something that ’s already built and working well rather than building it yourself from scratch .
This way you can focus on your “ core competency ” .
This is generally how everyone thinks .
So did we .
Here at Creately , we chose to use a third party solution to complete a product that we were working on .
In the rush and excitement of getting the product out we signed up with the 3rd party service not considering some important factors that we should have .
Even though the intention was to avoid reinventing the wheel and save time and effort , the out come was us spending double the time and effort to get the solution to work .
Lesson learnt the hard way .
So I thought I would put together a simple flowchart to help us evaluate such situations in the future when such a need arises again .
This flow chart explains the basic thinking , and the factors involved in making the decision can be found below .
Picking the most suitable solution
How well is my requirement met ?
Does the solution meet all the feature and functionality requirements I have ?
Does the solution meet the integration requirements I have ?
Is the component build for me ?
Even if the solution meets all my functionality and feature requirements , one thing I have to watch out for is , if it does more than what I need .
Will it complicate my product ?
or my users experience ?
or my integration process ?
Is the integration and setup process straight forward ?
Time and effort required to setup and integrate ?
What is the financial commitment ?
Considering all factors above , compare the time , effort and cost involved in building the ideal solution against using the selected solution .
Assessing if the solution can be used to solve the problem
Can I use the existing features in the solution to make it do what I want it to do ?
Can the solution be customized to fit my requirements ?
What is the time and effort involved in customizing the solution for my need ?
What is the financial cost involved in customizing the solution for my need ?
Considering all factors above in A and B , compare the time , effort and cost involved in building the ideal solution against using the selected solution .
@ Hiraash
A new name has emerged as a candidate to fill a spot on the Los Angeles Lakers ' bench as a backup to starting guards Derek Fisher and Kobe Bryant .
Jeremy Lin , an undrafted 6 - 3 , 200 - pound combo guard from Harvard , is being considered by the Lakers after the team opened contract discussions with Roger Montgomery , Lin 's agent , over the weekend .
" We 're just trying to sort out the best roster fit , the best situation for Jeremy , but we 're highly considering the Lakers , " Montgomery said in a phone interview Monday .
Montgomery said the Lakers are n't the only team vying for Lin , with the Mavericks and an unnamed Eastern Conference team also in the mix .
Added Montgomery : " As of late there are a few more players involved as well . "
Lin averaged 9.8 points , 3.2 rebounds , 1.8 assists and 1.2 steals while shooting 54.5 percent from the floor and 66.7 percent on three - pointers in five games while playing for the Dallas Mavericks summer league team in Las Vegas .
The 21 - year - old guard should be landing on an NBA roster -- the Lakers ' or another team 's -- sooner than later .
" I think the end game is imminent , " Montgomery said .
" We 're having some internal discussions [ with the Lakers ] that look positive .
There 's mutual interest and end game is certainly imminent .
The Lakers are definitely in the mix . "
The California native ( Lin won a state championship at Palo Alto High School ) turned heads last week in a summer league matchup against the Washington Wizards and No. 1 pick John Wall .
Lin scored 13 points to Wall 's 21 , but did so on 6 - for - 12 shooting in just 28 minutes .
Wall was 4 - for - 19 in 33 minutes .
Lin averaged 16.4 points , 4.4 rebounds , 4.4 assists , 2.4 steals and 1.1 blocks in his senior year at Harvard , earning a unanimous spot on the All - Ivy League first team .
As rare as it is for an undrafted player to make the NBA , it is even more rare for an American - born player of Asian descent to make the league .
Lin , whose family is Taiwanese , would follow the likes of Rex Walters ( whose mother is Japanese ) and Wataru " Wat " Misaka ( whose family was Japanese ) .
Walters played in the NBA from 1993 to 2000 and is currently the head coach at the University of San Francisco .
Misaka became the first Asian - American professional basketball player in 1947 .
Dave McMenamin covers the Lakers for ESPNLosAngeles.com .
Follow him on Twitter .
A FEW IMPORTANT THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT IRIS JAY :
• preferred pronouns : she / they
• has been posting comics on the Internet since 2005
• B.F.A. in Sequential Art from the Savannah College of Art and Design , class of 2011
• helmed or was involved in the successful self - publishing and crowdfunding of five books
• currently living in Seattle , Washington .
the rainy city .
the big ... coffee bean
CURRENT PROJECTS :
• CROSSED WIRES .
Webcomic , updated twice a week .
Queer hackers versus a corporate conspiracy .
Independently owned , freely distributed .
• DOUBLE BLIND Serialized zine and online series .
A lovelorn chef finds a stowaway AI inside her cybernetic arm .
Contains explicit sexual content .
• SPLIT CHECK .
Webcomic , updated monthly , original concept and art by Nero O'Reilly .
Two very different chefs clash in the kitchen but grow romantically entangled .
Contains explicit sexual content ; currently only available to Slipshine subscribers .
• BOOK OF SHADOWS : BUFFOMET .
A queer demon erotic art anthology , co-edited with Nero O'Reilly and Hye M. for Fortuna Media .
Contains explicit sexual content .
For a full resumé and other inquiries , EMAIL : irisjaycomics@gmail.com
TWITTER / MASTODON / INSTAGRAM / PILLOWFORT / STORE ( O'Reilly + Jay Industries )
A proud member of the
Adult Artists Webring .
By By Laura Trowbridge Jul 5 , 2010 in Internet The Transportation Security Administration has decided that access to certain websites will not be allowed on the federal agency 's computers .
All TSA employees received the email last Friday from the Office of Information Technology .
The email stated that TSA employees will not be allowed to access five categories of websites that have now been regarded as " inappropriate for government access . "
The five categories are : Chat / Messaging ; Controversial opinion ; Criminal activity ; Extreme violence ( including cartoon violence ) and gruesome content ; Gaming .
How TSA will determine a " controversial opinion " on a website is unclear .
" There is also no explanation as to why controversial opinions are being blocked , although the email stated that some of the restricted websites violate the Employee Responsibilities and Conduct policy . "
TSA is blocking access to certain websites from its staff , including any Web pages that contain a " controversial opinion , " according to an internal email that was obtained by CBS News All TSA employees received the email last Friday from the Office of Information Technology .
The email stated that TSA employees will not be allowed to access five categories of websites that have now been regarded as " inappropriate for government access .
"
The five categories are : Chat / Messaging ; Controversial opinion ; Criminal activity ; Extreme violence ( including cartoon violence ) and gruesome content ; Gaming .
How TSA will determine a " controversial opinion " on a website is unclear .
More about Tsa , Blocking , Controversial , Websites
More news from tsa blocking controversial websites
Barack Obama likes to tell people that we should thank him for his interventionist economic policies , and that without them , unemployment would be much worse in the US than it is now .
For instance , he told Racine that without his economic stimulus , we ’d be at 12 , 13 , even 15 % — even though Racine itself is at 14.2 % unemployment .
D’oh !
Otherwise , this looks like a classic Churchill conundrum .
Had the UK elected Winston Churchill as Prime Minister in 1936 and he fought Hitler early , forcing him from power , would Churchill have gotten credit for saving Western civilization ?
Or would he have been seen as a war monger , without the context of tens of millions of dead people in World War II ?
Actually , we can test the hypothesis in this case , at least to some extent .
The financial collapse also battered our northern neighbor , Canada , although not quite to the same extent it did us .
( Canada has more conservative banking and lending policies , which shielded them from the worst of the problems . )
Instead of using a blizzard of government spending to correct a downturn in unemployment , Canada tightened its belt and rode it out .
So how do the two compare ?
First , let ’s look at the US levels of civilian employment since January 2007 , eleven months before the recession started , to see how we ’re doing :
As before , the red star denotes the passage of Porkulus .
Since that point in time , employment sharply declined for most of the year , plateaued , and then rose a bit before falling off — but the rise was minimal .
How did Canada do without massive government stimulus spending ?
Well …
Employment rose by 93,000 in June , pushing the unemployment rate down 0.2 percentage points to 7.9 % .
This is the first time the rate has been below the 8 % mark since January 2009 .
Employment has been on an upward trend since July 2009 , increasing by 403,000 ( +2.4 % ) .
These gains offset nearly all the employment losses observed during the labour market downturn which began in the fall of 2008 .
The June unemployment rate , however , remained well above the October 2008 rate of 6.2 % , due to a large increase in the number of people in the labour force over this period .
For those who have trouble recognizing it , that ’s what a recovery looks like .
Canada ’s job creation really has gone in the right direction , not simply plateaued at the nadir of the curve .
Maybe Canada ’s private sector has been hiring because it does n’t have to worry about the price signals of the massive government interventions created by the Obama administration that the US private sector has to deal with .
( via King Banaian )
Update : Just to restate : the charts show the actual number of civilians employed , not percentages of the population .
I understand the confusion ; the first chart looks very similar to one I produced earlier this week looking at the percentage of civilian population participating in the workforce , whose similarity comes from obvious reasons , but is based on different data from the BLS .
Former Oakland Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell was arrested in Mobile , AL today for possession of a controlled substance .
The substance in question was codeine syrup , this according to the Mobile Press - Register .
According to jail records , he was booked this afternoon and released a few minutes later .
Image caption
In 2004 , Mr Samodurov demonstrated against an earlier trial
Two men who organised a controversial art exhibition in Moscow in 2007 have been found guilty by a Russian court of inciting hatred .
Andrei Yerofeyev and Yuri Samodurov had set up the Forbidden Art exhibition at the Sakharov Museum in Moscow .
The show provoked condemnation from the Russian Orthodox Church , among others , for artworks that included a depiction of Jesus Christ with the head of Mickey Mouse .
Both men were ordered to pay a fine .
The exhibition featured several images of Jesus Christ .
In one painting of the crucifixion , the head of Jesus Christ was replaced by the Order of Lenin medal .
There was also a spoof ad for Coca Cola with the slogan " This is my blood " that visitors looked at through peep holes .
Mr Yerofeyev , an art expert , and Mr Samodurov , the former director of the Sakharov Museum , said they organised the exhibition to fight censorship of art in Russia .
But prosecutors opened an investigation after an ultra-nationalist Orthodox group filed a complaint against the show .
Apology
The court fined Mr Samodurov 200,000 rubles ( £ 4,300 ) and Mr Yerofeyev 150,000 rubles ( £ 3,200 ) .
The trial began in April 2009 and was fiercely criticised by rights activists and artists .
If you like expressing yourself freely , do it at home , invite some close friends Oleg Kassin , Council of the People
Last week , 13 renowned Russian artists published an open letter to President Dimitry Medvedev , asking him to stop the trial .
They said a guilty verdict would be a sentence " for the whole of Russian contemporary art " .
Amnesty International issued a statement last week , saying a guilty verdict against the curators would " further undermine freedom of expression in Russia " .
In letter send to the Russian Orthodox Church last month , Mr Yerofeyev apologised if the show unintentionally offended Christians .
' Provocation '
But the Council of the People , the group that brought the complaint , defended the legal action .
A representative of the organisation , Oleg Kassin , told the AFP news agency that he had been disgusted by the exhibition which contained " anti-Christian " images .
" If you like expressing yourself freely , do it at home , invite some close friends , " Mr Kassin said .
" But from the moment that such an exhibition takes place in a public space , and especially if it contains insults , it 's no longer art but a provocation , " he added .
Mr Samodurov has been convicted of inciting religious hatred before .
He was fined in 2005 for an exhibition called Caution : Religion ! at the Sakharov Museum .
Ed. Note : Spiked.com is running a series this week , from Tibet .
I have not been a fan of some of the condescending articles that have been written so far , but I thought in this particular article the writer made some valuable points .
His “ know - it - all ” voice gets in the way a bit now and again , but for the most part I think this article is important to read and pick apart .
From Spiked.com series inside Tibet
It ’s not often I feel the urge to defend the Dalai Lama , having never been a fan of his vogue spiritualism or a supporter of the idea that he ’s the man to bring liberty to Tibet .
But things change when I find myself in conversation with Tibet ’s officials .
Their belief that the ‘ Dalai clique ’ , as they call it , is behind every problem in Tibet is so wrongheaded that it ’s enough to make even a Dalai doubter like me rush to the giggling monk ’s defence .
Whenever there ’s trouble in Tibet , it will have been ‘ premeditated , organised and instigated by the Dalai clique ’ , says Suo Lin , director - general of the Information Office of the Tibet Autonomous Region .
We ’re in his imposing office building in Lhasa , at a huge table laden with fruit and mugs of steaming green tea , with me on one side and Suo Lin on the other , flanked by the equally stern - looking deputy director - generals of Tibet ’s departments of education , development , language and religious affairs .
One of me , five of them .
I ’m supposed to be interviewing Suo Lin – one of the first Western journalists to have this kind of access since the Tibetan unrest of 2008 – but it ’s me who feels under interrogation .
Halfway through my questioning , an Information Office assistant takes one of the bananas from the table , peels it , and hands it to me .
‘ Eat. Enjoy . ’
A ploy to make me feel even more uncomfortable ?
Probably not , though it ’s hard to be politically probing and serious while wielding a banana ( just ask David Miliband ) .
Think Alastair Campbell meets Norman Tebbit and you ’ll have an idea of the kind of role Suo Lin plays in Tibet , where he ’s responsible for presenting a positive image of Tibet to the outside world and swatting aside those who ask pesky questions about the state of politics and liberty here .
And he ’s in no doubt about who threatens the stability of what he describes as an otherwise happy part of China : those plotters in Dharamsala in northern India , where the Dalai Lama ’s self - styled government - in - exile has been based since 1959 .
In Suo Lin ’s view , if it was n’t for the ‘ Dalai clique ’ , things would be fine .
He waxes lyrical about how life has improved since the ‘ Peaceful Liberation ’ of 1951 ( the name given by Beijiing to its takeover of Tibet from the Buddhists ) and the fleeing of the Dalai Lama in 1959 .
‘ Before 1959 , Tibet was a theocracy ’ , he says .
‘ Less than five per cent of the people controlled Tibet and the other 95 per cent were serfs and slaves . ’
He has no time for Westerners who romanticise Old Tibet .
‘ Do they expect us to keep riding our yaks while they drive cars and fly in planes ?
We ’re not animals in a zoo for visitors to come and look at . ’
The idea that Tibet is a cut - off , mystical place not fit for development is based on a ‘ lack of understanding ’ , he says .
‘ Tibet is n’t located in another world .
It has a population which has needs . ’
And he claims China is meeting those needs .
His office gives me facts .
Towards the end of Buddhist rule , only 880 children in Tibet were in professional schools ; by 2007 it was 73,668 .
The mortality rate was 10.2 per cent in 1970 ; today it ’s around four per cent .
And the Tibetan population has grown steadily : in 1951 there were 1.1409 million people in Tibet ; in 2008 there were 2.8708 million .
( The one - child policy does n’t apply here : urban Tibetans can have two children and there are no restrictions on how many children rural Tibetans can have . )
As it happens , I share his disdain for the idea that Tibet should remain in a medieval timewarp for the benefit of others .
Tibetans might not ride yaks any more , but some still live inside them .
The day before visiting Suo Lin ’s crisply air - conditioned offices I saw some weird black tents in the countryside outside Lhasa and was told that they were homes made from yak fur for Tibet ’s fairly substantial nomadic population .
Elsewhere , children chasing pigs or sheep is a common sight – only they ’re not chasing them but herding them , helping out with the family ‘ business ’ .
It does n’t take long to notice that Tibetans who live outside of Lhasa have darker , more withered skin , a result of working unforgiving hours outdoors in that traditional fashion so beloved of Western Tibetheads .
As Jamyang Norpu of the Tibetan Youth Congress has put it , ‘ The Shangri La fantasy has primarily to do with the psychological needs of certain people in the West ’ , where Tibet is reduced to a ‘ mise - en - scène for the personal drama of white people ’ ( 1 ) .
It ’s psycho- imperialism , where the aim is to keep Tibet primitive to sooth the consciences of well - off but modernity - allergic people over here .
Yet Suo Lin cannot be serious when he says Tibetans are finally ‘ the masters of their destinies ’ .
What about the riots of March 2008 ?
Without flinching or even blinking ( this is one professional politician ) he plays the ‘ Dalai clique ’ card again , accusing the Dalai Lama ’s people of orchestrating that violent outburst .
He says the Dalai Lama has ‘ duped the world ’ .
Another top official , based in Beijing , told me over duck that the Dalai Lama is a ‘ master liar ’ and ‘ a brilliant expert at deceit ’ who has ‘ conned the West ’ .
And how exactly did the ‘ Dalai clique ’ instigate the 2008 riots ?
It used mobile - phone text - messaging and secret envoys , officials tell me , instructing Tibetans to go mad in what Beijing now officially calls ‘ The March 14th Incident ’ .
It starts to sound like a mad conspiracy theory .
As for labelling those events an ‘ incident ’… that ’s a pretty insulting term for a major outbreak of social unrest .
It started on 10 March 2008 when small numbers of monks and nuns marched in Lhasa to commemorate a failed Tibetan uprising of 1959 .
They were met with heavy - handed policing and soon thousands of Tibetans were protesting in Lhasa , using stones to hold back police and soldiers armed with cattle prods , tear gas and live ammunition .
At one point during the four - day collapse of authority , the protesters controlled parts of Lhasa .
They attacked and burned down Chinese Han shops and businesses , viewing the Han as a privileged minority in Tibet .
Most worringly of all for Beijing , the protests spread to other parts of Tibet and even to Tibetan - inhabited areas of China : Tibetans were shot and killed in the towns of Luhuo and Aba in the Sichuan province of China , while in the town of Hezuo in Gansu province there was major unrest led by Tibetan nomads on horseback .
This was no mere ‘ incident ’ .
The one thing that should be clear about the unrest is that it was not organised by anyone – least of all a dithering monk in northern India who these days is most famous for being mates with Sharon Stone , doing adverts for Apple and once guest - editing French Vogue .
Rather , in the words of James Miles of The Economist , one of the few Western journalists who was in Tibet at the time of the violence , it was an explosion of ‘ festering grievances on the ground in Lhasa ’ ( 2 ) .
In pinning the blame for the unrest – and every other problem – on the ‘ Dalai clique ’ , Tibetan officials ironically play the same game as the Dalai Lama ’s fans in the West , investing him with superpowers and a special command over the Tibetan people .
They vastly overestimate the coherence and influence of the Dalai Lama ’s government - in - exile – while underestimating the various international agendas attached to the ‘ Tibet issue ’ which did play some role in stoking the violence of 2008 .
The Chinese are treating Dharamsala as a kind of festering boil which every now and then makes China ill .
This is far easier than getting to grips with the two big issues that could cause something like the 2008 unrest : internal social problems here in Tibet , where despite modernisation there ’s still much underdevelopment and inequality , and external exploitation of the Tibet issue by Western governments , activists and opinion - formers keen to attack what many see as the beast of contemporary international affairs : modern , industrialising , eco-unfriendly , overpopulated China .
Alongside James Miles ’ observations of an instinctive anger amongst Tibetans , the other striking thing about the violence was the influence of international factors .
The riots took place in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics , at a time when , as one report put it , many in the West were seeking to ‘ use the Olympics to humiliate China ’ ( 3 ) .
For Western officials and human rights campaigners , the Olympics presented an opportunity to attack Beijing over its environmental and human rights record – and this process of international demonisation in turn provided a green light to China ’s dissatisfied populations to have a pop at the regime that rules over them .
Indeed , much of the 2008 protesting seemed to have been aimed at a Western audience .
In the days before the massive Lhasa unrest , Tibetan monks in northern India protested with English - language placards saying ‘ Tibet Needs You ’ , ‘ Free Tibet ’ and the Amnesty - inspired ‘ Beijing 2008 : A Celebration of Human Rights Violations ’ ( 4 ) .
Partly inspired by these acts of disobedience , when people in Lhasa started to riot they speedily disseminated mobile - phone footage of their predicament to the Western media , leading one British newspaper to congratulate them for using ‘ the most dangerous weapon in the world : the cameras on their mobile phones ’ ( 5 ) .
It ’s hard to escape the conclusion that the unrest was partly performed for an external audience of China - bashers as well as revealing high levels of anger amongst Tibetans .
Indeed , Miles described the ‘ general desire of Tibetans … to take advantage of this Olympic year ’ ( 6 ) .
The tragedy is that as a result of being sparked by a cocktail of global PR stunts and incoherent Tibetan frustration , rather than any political strategy for change , the protests achieved little more than some fierce violence and a bit of international sympathy for Tibetans .
Things soon returned to normal , and in Lhasa and the towns and villages around it you can still see the kind of men who probably rioted back then : in their twenties , with not much to do , wearing Sports Direct - style tracksuits , they play cards on the kerb or pool outdoors in the pouring rain ( seriously – see photo ) .
They do n’t look particularly happy with the traditional lifestyle celebrated by outsiders , or much like the ‘ masters of their destinies ’ , as claimed by China ’s officials .
One of the lessons of the Lhasa violence is that the Western elite attacks on China helped to create a volatile atmosphere in the more restive parts of this vast country .
This was no conspiracy , least of all one executed by the Dalai Lama – rather it revealed the destabilising dynamic that can be unleashed by various political actors ’ thoughtless , self - serving politicisation of already tense territories in China .
Yet China simplistically pins the blame for all problems Tibetan on the ‘ Dalai clique ’ , in the process indulging in similar fantasies to the Dalai Lama ’s supporters in the West – only where the Lama ’s backers see him as a force for good who will Save Tibet , China sees him as a force for super - evil that will Destroy It .
Both sides treat Tibetans as a childish people easily duped / in need of rescue by their demi-god , and ignore the far deeper social and international factors at play in relation to this region .
The 2008 unrest showed that the Dalai Lama does not control this place – and that , unfortunately , neither do the people who live here , yet .
Here is the conclusion quoted from a recent New England Journal of Medicine ( NEJM ) review article on acupuncture for back pain :
As noted above , the most recent wellpowered clinical trials of acupuncture for chronic low back pain showed that sham acupuncture was as effective as real acupuncture .
The simplest explanation of such findings is that the specific therapeutic effects of acupuncture , if present , are small , whereas its clinically relevant benefits are mostly attributable to contextual and psychosocial factors , such as patients ’ beliefs and expectations , attention from the acupuncturist , and highly focused , spatially directed attention on the part of the patient .
Translation – acupuncture does not work .
Why , then , are the same authors in the same paper recommending that acupuncture be used for chronic low back pain ?
This is the insanity of the bizarro world of CAM ( complementary and alternative medicine ) .
Let ’s break down their conclusions a bit .
They have reviewed the clinical evidence , as I and others have done before , and found that when real acupuncture is compared to various forms of sham acupuncture ( the acupuncture version of a placebo ) there is no difference .
As I have written many times before – it does n’t matter where you stick the needles , or even if you stick the needles .
Since acupuncture consists of sticking needles in acupuncture points , the only reasonable conclusion from this evidence is that there is no specific effect from acupuncture – acupuncture does not work .
The phrase , “ contextual and psychosocial factors , such as patients ’ beliefs and expectations , attention from the acupuncturist , and highly focused , spatially directed attention on the part of the patient . ” is a fancy way of saying “ placebo effects . ”
In other words , there are some non-specific subjective benefits to getting attention from a practitioner .
There is this assumption , however , that these benefits are real and worthwhile .
However , they are likely to be illusory – an artifact of observation and reporting , not a real improvement in the patient ’s condition .
In real science - based medicine , that is the underlying assumption – placebo effects are largely illusory – a variable to be controlled for .
But there has been recent controversy over the role of the placebo effect in ethical and evidence - based practice .
This is , in my opinion , largely a back door attempt to justify CAM treatments that do not work .
The claim is that placebo effects are real and useful .
But a systematic review of the placebo effect in clinical trials concluded :
We did not find that placebo interventions have important clinical effects in general .
However , in certain settings placebo interventions can influence patient - reported outcomes , especially pain and nausea , though it is difficult to distinguish patient - reported effects of placebo from biased reporting .
The effect on pain varied , even among trials with low risk of bias , from negligible to clinically important .
Variations in the effect of placebo were partly explained by variations in how trials were conducted and how patients were informed .
In other words – for any objective outcome , there is no important placebo effect .
For outcomes that are subjectively reported by patients , there is a highly variable placebo effect .
It is plausible that the expectation of benefit could result in the release of dopamine and endorphins and produce a physiological decrease in pain , for example , in a subset of people , and there is some evidence for this .
But this is , at best , a transient symptomatic effect – not therapeutic .
Such effects are also non-specific – meaning they do not derive from the intervention itself , but from the therapeutic ritual surrounding the intervention .
Even treatments that do not work may therefore provide these non-specific benefits .
My opinion is that the non-specific benefits of the ritual of treatment should be combined with an actually effective treatment , not magic pretending to be medicine .
There are many reasons for this .
One is the ethics of patient autonomy and informed consent – giving a fake treatment to a patient violates the patient ’s rights , in my opinion .
Further , there is potential downstream harm from convincing patients that fake magical treatments are effective , because of placebo effects .
Then using obscure language to hide the fact that the treatment actually does not work .
This distorts the public ’s view of medicine , and of what works , and sets them up to be victims of fake treatments when their ailment is not subjective or self - limiting .
In other words – refer them to an acupuncturists when they have back pain and they may rely upon acupuncture , or some other non-scientific intervention , when they have a more serious illness .
The authors of this article recommend :
He has specifically requested a referral for acupuncture , and we would suggest a course of 10 to 12 treatments over a period of 8 weeks from a licensed acupuncturist or a physician trained in medical acupuncture .
This contradicts their own conclusions .
Why is training in acupuncture necessary ?
That training largely consists of identifying acupuncture points , knowing which points to use on an individual patient , and knowing the technique of needle insertion – but none of these things matter .
The sham ritual is all that matters – you can literally fake it and get the same response .
I bet a 10 minute video is all that is necessary .
In fact I bet even that is not necessary – you could probably fake it well enough to get a maximum placebo effect without any prior demonstration .
What the authors of this article have done is something that is increasingly common in CAM ( when it is trying to infiltrate academia and peer - reviewed journals like the NEJM ) – reviewing the evidence , admitting that the CAM treatment does not work , then making an elaborate and misleading appeal to placebo effects , and ending with a recommendation to use the treatment that does not work .
Specifically , they not only recommend using the treatment , but in its fullest magical form , complete with all the disproven claims ( that is what “ medical acupuncture ” is ) .
It ’s a bait and switch con game , nothing more .
Come for the placebo effect , then be treated with magical nonsense .
Baby boomers have long been considered the generation that did not want to grow up , perpetual adolescents even as they become eligible for Social Security .
Now , a growing body of research shows that the real Peter Pans are not the boomers , but the generations that have followed .
For many , by choice or circumstance , independence no longer begins at 21 .
From the Obama administration ’s new rule that allows children up to age 26 to remain on their parents ’ health insurance to the large increase in the number of women older than 35 who have become first - time mothers , social scientists say young adulthood has undergone a profound shift .
People between 20 and 34 are taking longer to finish their educations , establish themselves in careers , marry , have children and become financially independent , said Frank F. Furstenberg , who leads the MacArthur Foundation Research Network on Transitions to Adulthood , a team of scholars who have been studying this transformation .
“ A new period of life is emerging in which young people are no longer adolescents but not yet adults , ” Mr. Furstenberg said .
The Tarantula Nebula July 1 , 2010 - The Tarantula Nebula Sending chills down the spine of all arachnophobes is the Tarantula Nebula in this image from NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) .
Located in the southern constellation of Dorado , the Tarantula Nebula is a giant star forming region in the Large Magellanic Cloud .
The Large Magellanic Cloud is an irregular dwarf galaxy that orbits the Milky Way .
It is relatively close , in galactic terms , at about 160,000 light - years .
Its motion around the Milky Way causes compression of interstellar dust and gas at is leading edge .
This has led to the huge burst of star formation creating the Tarantula Nebula .
At about 1,900 light - years across , the Tarantula Nebula is the largest star forming region known in the entire Local Group of galaxies , a region encompassing over 30 galaxies including the great galaxy in Andromeda .
In 1987 , the closest supernova observed since the invention of the telescope was seen at the edge of the Tarantula Nebula ( SN1987A ) .
It was determined to be the violent explosion of a very massive star .
All four infrared detectors aboard WISE were used to make this mosaic .
The image spans an area of 1.4 x 1.2 degrees on the sky or about 3 times as wide as the full Moon , and 2.5 times as high .
Color is representational : blue and cyan represent infrared light at wavelengths of 3.4 and 4.6 microns , which is dominated by light from stars .
Green and red represent light at 12 and 22 microns , which is mostly light from warm dust .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / WISE
Team
My duty is to save the world : Prince Charles believes he was born for a purpose
The Prince of Wales says he believes he has been placed on Earth as future King ‘ for a purpose ’ - to save the world .
Giving a fascinating insight into his view of his inherited wealth and influence , he said : ‘ I can only somehow imagine that I find myself being born into this position for a purpose .
‘ I do n’t want my grandchildren or yours to come along and say to me , “ Why the hell did n’t you come and do something about this ?
You knew what the problem was ” .
That is what motivates me .
‘ I wanted to express something in the outer world that I feel inside ...
We seem to have lost that understanding of the whole of nature and the universe as a living entity . ’
Green champion : Prince Charles , a long - term committed supporter of the environment , says the modern world has lost the understanding of nature
His impassioned comments come during a film about his belief that unbridled commerce has led to the destruction of farmland and countryside .
The documentary , called Harmony , is due to be aired on the U.S. network NBC in November to coincide with the launch of a book of the same name by the prince .
Charles is understood to have waived his author ’s fee , and all royalties will go to his charity , the Prince ’s Trust .
But the Prince has previously come under fire for hypocrisy over his eco-values .
Last year he commandeered a jet belonging to the Queen ’s Flight to attend the Copenhagen climate change summit , generating an estimated 6.4 tons of carbon dioxide - 5.2 tons more than if he had used a commercial plane .
Critics condemned his words as ‘ delusional ’ .
' I do n’t want my grandchildren or yours to come along and say to me , “ Why the hell did n’t you come and do something about this ?
You knew what the problem was ” .
That is what motivates me '
Graham Smith , of the anti-monarchy group Republic , said : ‘ He is under the impression he has been sent to save the world and deliver us from our sins .
It ’s quite delusional .
‘ He will have to be impartial and keep his mouth shut when he ’s king .
If he really believes this is his mission and he disagrees with Government in future , he risks plunging us into a constitutional crisis . ’
Senior royal aides denied the prince was attempting to mould his public image and pave the way to ensure a positive legacy .
They stressed Charles also cared passionately about his other royal duties , such as defence .
One said : ‘ In private he has dismissed talk of legacies - that ’s not for him to say because it ’s for others to judge .
But hopefully his charities will carry on for many years to come .
Expensive trip : Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall in Brunei , Asia last summer .
For the trip , he hired a private jet , leading to accusations of ' green hypocrisy ' as the visit was designed to highlight environmental issues
‘ He has said there is a reason why he ’s in a position to raise these issues - that there is some higher power .
But there is more to his role than just green problems .
‘ It ’s true that outside royal duties , the environment is the thing he cares most passionately about . ’
In a trailer to the film , the prince spoke passionately about his decades - long quest for what he described in a statement as ‘ a sacred duty of stewardship of the natural order of things ’ .
He said : ‘ I started 22 years ago on something that nobody really wanted to know about except a few people who thought it was pretty crazy .
‘ The way nature presents itself - we ’ve turned it into merely a mechanical process .
‘ What is happening to the small farmers around the world is simply appalling , as a result of globalisation .
Is that really the intention behind it all , just to sweep all these people off the land ? ’
An Asian woman , who is not named in the documentary , piled praise on the royal , saying : ‘ Princes Charles has been a very courageous man because he has never thought through the throne he will occupy - he has thought through the planet he lives on . ’
The Obama administration asked a federal appeals court Tuesday to reinstate a moratorium on deepwater petroleum drilling , saying it is needed to reduce the chance of a second spill similar to the one now spewing crude into the Gulf of Mexico .
The fallout from that spill , the result of an April 20 explosion on a drilling rig leased by BP PLC , was evident in the Gulf region Tuesday , as tar balls lapped onto the Texas coast and oil was sighted in New Orleans 's Lake Pontchartrain .
The ...
It 's difficult to say who has behaved more discreditably in the Shirley Sherrod affair , Andrew Breitbart or Tom Vilsack .
Breitbart 's blog started the scandal by showing a clip of Sherrod 's speech , in which she confessed to letting racial prejudice once guide her decisions as an official 20 - odd years ago .
Video of the whole speech shows how misleading the clip was .
She was renouncing her earlier view , and explaining how she came to see her error .
She was talking about overcoming racism , not surrendering to it .
( And it turns out that the white farmer who had sought her assistance came to regard her as a friend . )
If Breitbart had seen the full video and knowingly twisted this story inside out , it was disgraceful .
With the clip circulating , Tom Vilsack , Sherrod 's boss and Agriculture Secretary , summarily sacked her .
Before long , with the issue dominating the news and the whole story coming out , the firing was under review .
Shame the decision was reviewed after it was executed not before .
It seems Sherrod was given no chance to explain herself .
Apparently Vilsack has now apologized and offered to hire her back .
The whole thing is depressing .
Part of the country is not just sensitive to the charge of racism , as it should be , but hyper - sensitive , even to the point of intellectual paralysis .
That is how I see Vilsack 's initial reaction on behalf of the administration .
On the other hand , hurling the charge around -- knowing how offensive and enraging the accusation is -- is something that many political combatants of both left and right are only too happy to do .
How 's that for a toxic combination ?
Finding the remains of a large community , with as many as 200,000 people living and working together , was a major discovery in itself .
But dating the site was a problem .
The heavy patina on the rock walls suggested the structures were extremely old , but the science of dating patina is just being developed and is still controversial .
Carbon - 14 dating of such things as burnt wood introduces the possibility that the specimens could be from recent grass fires which are common in the area .
The breakthrough came quite unexpectedly .
As Tellinger describes it :
" Johan Heine discovered Adam 's Calendar in 2003 , quite by accident .
He was on route to find one of his pilots who crashed his plane on the edge of the cliff .
Next to the crash site Johan noticed a very strange arrangement of large stones sticking out of the ground .
While rescuing the injured pilot from about 20 metres down the side of the cliff , Johan walked over to the monoliths and immediately realised that they were aligned to the cardinal points of Earth -- north , south , east and west .
There were at least 3 monoliths aligned towards the sunrise , but on the west side of the aligned monoliths there was a mysterious hole in the ground -- something was missing . "
After weeks and months of measuring and observations , Johan concluded that it was perfectly aligned with the rise and fall of the Sun .
He determined the solstices and the equinoxes .
But the mysterious hole in the ground remained a big puzzle .
One day , while contemplating the reason for the hole , the local horse trail expert , Christo , came riding by .
He quickly explained to Johan that there was a strange shaped stone which had been removed from the spot some time ago .
Apparently it stood somewhere near the entrance to the nature reserve .
After an extensive search , Johan found the anthropomorphic ( humanoid shape ) stone .
It was intact and proudly placed with a plaque stuck to it .
It had been used by the Blue Swallow foundation to commemorate the opening of the Blue Swallow reserve in 1994 .
The irony is that it was removed from the most important ancient site found to date and mysteriously returned to the reserve -- for slightly different reasons .
The first calculations of the age of the calendar were made based on the rise of Orion , a constellation known for its three bright stars forming the " belt " of the mythical hunter .
The Earth wobbles on its axis and so the stars and constellations change their angle of presentation in the night sky on a cyclical basis .
This rotation , called the precession completes a cycle about every 26,000 years .
By determining when the three stars of Orion 's belt were positioned flat ( horizontal ) against the horizon , we can estimate the time when the three stones in the calendar were in alignment with these conspicuous stars .
The first rough calculation was at least 25,000 years ago .
But new and more precise measurements kept increasing the age .
The next calculation was presented by a master archaeoastronomer who wishes to remain anonymous for fear of ridicule by the academic fraternity .
His calculation was also based on the rise of Orion and suggested an age of at least 75,000 years .
The most recent and most acurate calculation , done in June 2009 , suggests an age of at least 160,000 years , based on the rise of Orion -- flat on the horizon -- but also on the erosion of dolerite stones found at the site .
Some pieces of the marker stones had been broken off and sat on the ground , exposed to natural erosion .
When the pieces were put back together about 3 cm of stone had already been worn away .
These calculation helped assess the age of the site by calculating the erosion rate of the dolerite .
Das Verwaltungsgericht
Berlin hat die verdachtsunabhängige Videoüberwachung friedlicher Demonstrationen durch die Polizei wegen nicht gerechtfertigter Eingriffe in die Grundrechte der Betroffenen untersagt .
Die langjährige Praxis der Ordnungshüter in der Hauptstadt , Protestkundgebungen angeblich zu Zwecken der Einsatzlenkung und zur Gewährleistung der Verkehrssicherheit zu filmen , ist laut einem jetzt bekannt gewordenen Urteil ( Az. : VG 1 K 905.09 ) rechtswidrig .
Die Berliner Polizei habe damit tief in den Schutzbereich der " vorrangigen Versammlungsfreiheit " und in den der informationellen Selbstbestimmung eingegriffen , heißt es in dem heise online vorliegenden Beschluss .
Dafür hätte es einer gesetzlichen Grundlage bedurft , die aber nicht vorhanden sei .
Anlass der Entscheidung war die Überwachung einer Anti-Atom - Demonstration mit mindestens 25.000 Teilnehmern zwischen Hauptbahnhof und Brandenburger Tor am 5 .
September vergangenen Jahres .
Während des Aufzuges fuhren Einsatzkräfte der Polizei mit einem Kleintransporter wenige Meter vor der Spitze der Demonstration her und filmten das Geschehen mit mehreren auf dem Dach des Wagens montierten Kameras .
Die Aufnahmen wurden ohne Zeitverzögerung an die Einsatzleitstelle übertragen .
Dagegen klagte ein Bürger , der in der ersten Reihe marschierte und sich so eindeutig innerhalb des von den elektronischen Augen der Gesetzeshüter erfassten Bereichs befand .
Beschwerden gegen eine teils offene und teils verdeckte Videoüberwachung hatte es zuvor etwa bereits im Rahmen der sich gegen den Überwachungswahn richtenden Großdemo " Freiheit statt Angst " im Oktober 2008 gegeben .
Der Senat verteidigte die Aufnahmen später mit einem Hinweis auf einen eingegangenen " Aufruf zu Gewalttaten " .
Das Verwaltungsgericht stellte im Bezug auf die Anti-Atom - Demo nun fest , dass der einzelne Teilnehmer bei einer Beobachtung der Versammlung im " Kamera - Monitor - Verfahren " damit rechnen müsse , aufgezeichnet und registriert zu werden .
Dies könne ihn vom Begleiten einer entsprechenden Veranstaltung abschrecken oder zu ungewollten Verhaltensweisen zwingen , um den beobachtenden Polizeibeamten möglicherweise gerecht zu werden .
Durch diese Einschüchterung könnte mittelbar auf den Prozess der Meinungsbildung und demokratischen Auseinandersetzung eingewirkt werden .
Erlaubt seien Bild - oder Tonaufnahmen durch die Berliner Polizei gemäß dem Versammlungsgesetz des Landes nur , wenn " tatsächliche Anhaltspunkte die Annahme rechtfertigen " , dass von Teilnehmern öffentlicher Versammlungen " erhebliche Gefahren für die öffentliche Sicherheit oder Ordnung ausgehen " .
Dafür müsse eine entsprechende Gefahrenprognose ersichtlich sein .
Fredrik Roggan , stellvertretender Vorsitzender der Bürgerrechtsorganisation Humanistische Union , begrüßte das Urteil aufgrund seiner " grundlegenden " , über den aktuell verhandelten Fall hinausgehenden Bedeutung : " Das Verwaltungsgericht hat mit seinem Beschluss die Demonstrationsfreiheit erheblich gestärkt . "
Es gebe ein Recht darauf , ohne Angst vor Videoüberwachung an friedlichen Versammlungen teilzunehmen .
Den Berliner Gesetzgeber forderte er auf , bei einer eventuellen Novellierung des Versammlungsrechts den Grundgedanken dieser Entscheidung zu beachten . ( jk )
The world is heading for an average temperature rise of nearly 4C ( 7 F ) , according to analysis of national pledges from around the globe .
Such a rise would bring a high risk of major extinctions , threats to food supplies and the near - total collapse of the huge Greenland ice sheet .
More than 100 heads of state agreed in Copenhagen last December to limit the rise in global temperatures to 1.5C - 2C ( 2.7-3.6 F ) above the long - term average before the industrial revolution , which kickstarted a massive global increase in the greenhouse gases blamed for warming the planet and triggering climate change .
But six months on , a major international effort to monitor the emissions reductions targets of more than 60 countries , including all the major economies , the Climate Interactive Scoreboard , calculates that the world is on course for a rise of nearly double the stated goal by 2100 .
Another study by Climate Analytics , at the Potsdam Institute in Germany , suggests there is " virtually no chance " world governments will keep the temperature rise to below 2C , and the rise is likely to be 3.5C ( 6.3 F ) by the end of the century .
In both analyses the current commitments suggest a much better outcome than the estimated business - as - usual temperature rise of 4.8C ( 8.6 F ) , but are well above the 2C maximum the UN hoped would be agreed at the next major meeting this December in Cancún , Mexico – and even further from the 1.5C target many developing nations argue is needed to stop the worst impacts of climate change in their countries .
In its last assessment of the problem in 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) forecasts that a rise of more than 2C would lead to potential increases in food production , but an increasingly high risk of extinction for 20 - 30 % of species , more severe droughts and floods , and a unstoppable " widespread to near total " loss of the Greenland ice sheet over very long time periods .
However , at 4C it predicted global food production was " very likely " to decrease , " major extinctions around the globe " , and near - total loss of Greenland 's ice , precipitating 2 - 7 m of sea - level rise in the long term .
As temperatures rose , the severity of floods , erosion , water pollution , heatwaves , droughts and health problems such as malnutrition and diarrhoea diseases would also increase , said the IPCC .
" We 're looking at a level which is much more extreme and profoundly dangerous , " said Ruth Davis , chief policy adviser for Greenpeace .
" It 's arguable the UN process has become dangerously cut adrift from the science of climate change . "
The Department of Energy and Climate Change said that , based on national offers of emissions reductions made in Copenhagen , the United Nations Environment Programme ( Unep ) and other bodies had calculated that it was possible to meet the 2C target , although this would depend on the targets set beyond 2020 .
" There 's more work to do if we 're going to avoid a 2C temperature rise which is why we 're pushing the EU to cut its emissions by 30 % , " said a DECC spokesman .
" Keeping below 2C is still possible from the high end Copenhagen accord offers , but will require steeper action after 2020 . "
However , many experts said the much higher temperature - rise estimates were a cause for serious concern that emissions cuts proposed for Cancún were too low and not enough was being done to prepare for further cuts beyond 2020 , even though there are still nearly six months of negotiations before the talks .
" We 've made progress but we 're clearly not headed where we need to be , " said Andrew Jones , co-director of Climate Interactive , which is backed by several universities including MIT .
" No one is talking about changing any of the 2020 proposals , so we should be worried . "
Climate Interactive 's model is also backed by a panel of experts including Prof Bob Watson , chief scientific advisor to the UK's Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) , and a former head of the IPCC .
The Climate Interactive Scoreboard , for which researchers check daily for updates in emissions or other targets which would reduce pollution such as reductions in energy intensity or increases in renewable energy , makes a medium - range prediction of a 3.9C increase in temperatures , with a range of 2.3-6.2C ( 4.2-11.1 F ) , based on committed targets , and a more encouraging 2.9C ( 5.2 F ) average , with a range of 1.7-4.6C ( 3.1 - 8.5 F ) based on " potential " commitments suggested but not enacted by many nations .
One of the major barriers to setting higher emissions cuts was a great many countries , including Canada and the EU , have said they do not want to increase their targets until the US sets significant reductions , which is proving hard for President Obama to achieve , said Davis .
Climate Analytics and Ecofys , under the banner of Climate Action Tracker , estimate a range of 2.8-4.3C .
The principal differences between the two calculations are that they use different models , and made different assumptions about what countries will do after their current targets expire , said Jones .
In both cases , there has been no improvement to the forecast outcome since the experts assessed the prospects immediately after the Copenhagen conference .
The predictions will be particularly worrying for many watchers because the 2C target was based on research which suggested that at that level there was only a low to medium risk of key changes to the conditions in which humans survive ; however an update of the " burning embers diagram " by the authors , published last year by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in the US , suggested that at 2C there greater risk in all categories , including a significant to high risk to unique and threatened ecosystems , of extreme weather events and a global distribution of the worst threats .
Climate Interactive Scoreboard
style= " border : thin solid # cccccc ; " > The Canadian Oil Rush * Alberta 's Oil Sands
* Alberta's Oil Sands Slideshow
* Using Nukes To Extract Oil : Time Machine 1960
The sky is blue and cloudless and north - country sharp , but you can barely see it from the cab of John Martin 's Bucyrus 495 shovel .
We are elevated three stories above a sea of mud and dirt and sand ; a sulphurous stench permeates the air .
Sitting in a chair similar to Kirk's in the Starship Enterprise , Martin , 54 , flicks his wrists , both hands working video - game - like toggles to maneuver a shovel that weighs 3 million pounds .
It takes Martin 25 seconds -- and three elegant but mechanical motions -- to scoop about 80 tons of gooey , brown sand , swivel 90 degrees to his left and release the load into a yellow dumptruck .
Scoop , swivel , dump .
Shovel operator John Martin works 30 ft. above the mine floor in a Bacyrus 495 cab that 's big enough for a microave and a water cooler .
Five scoops and the truck is full .
By the time it pulls away , there 's another truck waiting at Martin 's right flank .
A few moments later , it rumbles away with a full load , and Martin swivels to another truck waiting on his left .
Scoop , swivel , dump .
Martin's shovel repeats the process nearly 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
The Bucyrus 495 costs over $ 15 million , and there are five of the machines working the Muskeg River Mine , 47 miles north of Fort McMurray , Alberta .
The Caterpillar 797B trucks used to haul the tarry sands are the biggest in the world , costing about $ 5 million each .
The Muskeg River Mine has 25 trucks in operation .
Each earns back its price in eight days .
One day , perhaps , solar cells and nuclear power and wind turbines may meet our energy needs .
Right now , the world runs on oil .
But the easy finds are gone , and the only new sources left are in deep water , in turbulent regions or in forms that require a heavy investment to extract and process .
Fueled by the current high price of crude , the industry sank $ 86 billion into tough - to - exploit " frontier hydrocarbons " between 2000 and 2005 .
The red - hot center of this 21st century gold rush is the western Canadian province of Alberta .
Spread under 54,363 square miles of boreal forest -- a little less than the land area of Florida -- lie proven reserves of 174 billion barrels , second only to Saudi Arabia's .
Of course , there 's a catch .
The formation consists of grains of sand surrounded by water , which in turn is coated with bitumen , a complex and viscous hydrocarbon .
A " rich " vein is 10 to 12 percent bitumen , but much of the sand here has a lower bitumen content , and all of it is covered with a layer of overburden -- trees , muskeg , rock , clay and soil -- up to 250 ft. thick .
Bitumen 's existence in Alberta has been known for centuries .
Chipewyans and other tribes used the pitch to waterproof canoes .
The basic process for extracting it is seemingly simple , and that has been known for decades :
Mix the sand with hot water , give it a shake -- and voilà !
The bitumen , water and sand separate .
But the process is n't cheap .
Refining oil sands is only profitable if world crude prices are high .
The largest operators in Alberta , Suncor and Syncrude , opened mines in 1967 and 1978 .
Currently , they produce about 560,000 barrels of oil per day .
Add the output from newcomer Shell , which began production in 2002 , and the daily total climbs to 720,000 barrels .
Some experts predict that by 2020 , the oil sands will produce 3 million barrels every day .
A rare moment of inactivity for the 1450 - ton shovel of a Bucyrus 495 at the Muskeg River oil - sands mine .
Five shovels here are in use 24/7 -- four to scoop oil sands into trucks and one to remove overburden .
The center of the oil rush is Fort McMurray , a once sleepy town surrounded by thousands of square miles of forest , 275 miles north of Edmonton .
It 's early September and the air is warm and clear , the landscape one of austere beauty : muskeg and aspens , poplars and birch , cut with rivers and sprinkled with wildflowers .
But Fort McMurray teems with 58,000 people .
Highway 63 , which runs through its center , might as well be I -95 in New Jersey , as bumper - to - bumper pickup trucks and buses hauling crews to the mines creep through town .
A few miles north , the wilderness begins again and a sign reads , " Travel at Own Risk ; No Services Next 280 Kilometers . "
You are , it seems , deep in the outback .
That is , until you round a bend and come upon an industrial nightmare .
There 's not a tree or even a weed in sight .
Nothing but a vast , khaki desert of sand and dirt and mud , where metal towers bellow smoke and steam and fire , and holding ponds of water and tailings are so toxic that the pop of air guns keeps birds from alighting on their greasy , silver surfaces .
The scale of the operation is hard to grasp ; in the middle of nowhere stand row upon row of dormitory mining camps against a backdrop of heavy equipment .
To understand this vast moonscape , it helps to know that the problem with extracting oil from oil sands is one of scale :
It takes 2 tons of sand to make one barrel of oil .
To harvest enough earth to produce profitable oil requires an army of giants : huge trucks , huge tracked electric shovels , vast conveyor belts , enormous crushers , thousands of equipment operators and engineers and scientists -- all in a remote region that 's blazing hot in summer and 40 below zero in winter .
Says Chris Jones , COO of Albian Sands Energy , the company that operates the Muskeg mine for Shell , " We are at the end of a very long cul - de- sac . "
The Caterpillar 797B lugs 400 tons at 40 mph , and chugs 900 gal. of diesel per 12 - hour shift at Alberta 's Muskeg River oil - sands mine .
A single tire costs $ 60,000 .
The Muskeg River Mine is relatively small , yet its nearly 2 - square - mile open pit yawns like 120 stadiums .
( And that 's just the start of work on a single lease covering 108 square miles . )
Roads , ever under construction as the hole widens and deepens , snake into its hollows , as graders grade and bulldozers push and water trucks spray to keep down the dust and dumptrucks roar slowly past , the whole landscape a loud and constantly moving symphony of oversize machinery .
In the mine 's gaping maw , geologists have taken core samples about every 50 meters .
On monitors inside the control room next to the mine , a red grid is superimposed over an image of the pit .
Every grid displays the ratio of sand to bitumen , known as the ore grade , at various depths .
The process works best if a consistent ore grade is fed into the system .
The mine 's four shovels ( a fifth clears overburden ) work different levels of the pit ; the trucks -- 24 - cylinder beasts with engines that generate 3550 hp -- are in constant motion .
Once full , the trucks amble to the crusher pad , where they back up to a cliff face and dump their loads into a series of giant , turning steel teeth that break the sand into 18 - in. pieces at the rate of up to 15,432 tons an hour .
The chunks then tumble onto the largest - capacity conveyor belt in the world , which transports them to a storage tower five stories high .
From the storage tower another three conveyors feed a series of radial drum breakers that further reduce the chunks ; here , hot water is added to create a slurry .
The slurry is pumped through a 1.2 - mile - long pipeline ; as it agitates along its journey , the bitumen begins to separate and the heaviest sands settle out .
The pipeline feeds the slurry into the primary separation vessel , where more water is added and the slurry separates further : Bitumen continues rising to the top ; water is in the middle and sand settles on the bottom .
At this stage the mixture is known as froth -- 60 percent bitumen , 30 percent water and 10 percent solids .
The froth is mixed with a solvent -- usually naphtha -- to form " dilbit , " or diluted bitumen , which is pumped through a pipeline southwest to Shell 's upgrader in Fort Saskatchewan near Edmonton .
There , hydrogen is used to break up the long carbon molecules , producing synthetic oil products , including gasoline .
Some 33,000 people work the Alberta oil sands , usually in two 12 - hour shifts , four days on and five off .
It is , in total , a monument to the vast ingenuity and effort humans will devote to the pursuit of energy .
Squeezing Oil From Sand
It takes about three times as much energy to produce a barrel of Alberta oil - sands crude as it does a conventional barrel of oil .
The initial refining is done on site .
( Illustration by DarylCampbell.com )
The economics of all this seem straightforward , at first .
The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers estimates that it costs about $ 20 to produce a barrel of oil - sands crude .
At press time , with the price about $ 56 a barrel , the 720,000 barrels generated daily from the oil sands earn $ 14.7 billion per year - - a profit of $ 9.5 billion .
But the price after upgrading does not include interest on loans to build infrastructure , mineral royalties paid to the provincial and federal governments , or the cost of shipping the oil to market .
As more leases are developed , the operators should achieve an increasing scale of efficiency , further reducing the cost per barrel .
But there are other costs .
Running the mine takes power , and lots of it .
Muskeg operates a 172 - megawatt natural - gas - fired plant to generate electricity for shovels , conveyor belts , and other equipment and operations .
Current production uses 600 million cu. ft. of gas per day , which represents 10 percent of the cost of squeezing a barrel of oil from the sands .
That daily volume is enough to heat 3.2 million Canadian homes .
And it takes two to five barrels of water to produce every barrel of oil .
The mining operations are licensed to draw 132 billion gal .
per year from the Athabasca River ; 90 percent of it ends up in tailings ponds .
Says Dan Woynillowicz , senior policy analyst at the Pembina Institute , a Canadian environmental organization : " Nobody even knows what the environmental impact will be . "
This pipeline from the oil sands of northern Albert is used to transport diluted bitumen ( " dilbit " ) -- a slurry of tarry hydrocarbons , solvent , water and sand -- to refineries some 300 miles south .
Only about 10 percent of Al­berta 's oil sands can be extracted with open - pit mines .
The rest is deeper , tucked into porous rock , and has to be extracted in situ .
This much tougher process requires operators to inject steam into formations , and pump the resulting stew of bitumen and water to the surface .
" In situ " alarms environmentalists even more than open pits .
If all the oil sands ' underground reserves were developed , the ecological impact would be 50 times greater than that of mining .
All of which raises the question :
Are these frontier hydrocarbons worth so many resources ?
If the world ran only on oil - sands crude , the Alberta reserves would last just six years .
Proponents of the theory known as " peak oil , " first promulgated by an oil industry geologist named M. King Hubbert , contend that we are nearing the peak in world oil production .
And , once the peak hits , reserves will disappear quickly -- and neither conservation nor any known alternative fuel will be able to replace oil quickly enough to prevent massive economic disruptions .
The industry , of course , thinks differently .
Rayola Dougher , senior economic analyst at the American Petroleum Institute , a Washington , D.C. - based trade association , says , " We do n't believe there will be a peak until 2044 or even longer .
New technology and higher prices allow us to go after new frontiers , and there may be more oil than we 've ever thought .
Oil shale , oil sands , deep water -- these , along with conservation , could well bump up the horizon to the next century .
There 's plenty of oil -- the issue is at what price and in what form . "
Meanwhile , in Fort McMurray , apartment buildings and condos go up as fast as they can be built .
The gold - rush money can be addictive ; a heavy equipment operator can make $ 200,000 a year .
" We call it Fort Crack , there 's so much money here , " a waitress tells me .
Scoop , swivel , dump .
" I make more in a day than I used to in a week , " says Guy Mercer , 51 , who 's training to be a shovel operator and came to Fort McMurray from Newfoundland five years ago , like 21,000 other Newfies .
" Fort Mac 's been good to me .
I arrived in a $ 300 van with the clothes on my back and now I own a home , a new car that 's paid for and a $ 200,000 mobile home .
Hell , an unskilled laborer can take home $ 80,000 a year . "
Scoop , swivel , dump .
Shovel operator John Martin flicks his wrists and another 400 tons of Alberta heads to the crushers .
He is from British Columbia , and arrived seven years ago .
In the next week he 'll work 60 hours .
" Boredom is part of the job , " he says , " but you can't get too bored because you 're swinging a big hammer out there . "
He pauses for a brief second , his eyes darting across the rich black sand and the edge of blue sky overhead .
" When I first started this was all trees . "
But the thought is fleeting ; another truck is waiting for more .
" For us , " he says , flicking his wrists again , " it 's just a modern Klondike .
But sometimes I go home and I 'm working in my dreams . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
NEW DELHI : The issue of India 's swelling population has now reached Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's doorstep .
Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , in a letter to the PM , has requested him to stipulate half a day or one full day in the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha to thrash out population stabilisation issues in the upcoming monsoon session of Parliament .
The letter , a copy of which is available with TOI , also talks about launching a special population control and family planning campaign in seven northern states where fertility rate continues to be high .
" Over the last decade , family planning programme per se lost focus , adversely impacting on our ability to achieve the desired level of population growth .
Of particular concern is the high fertility that continues to persist in almost all the northern states and Orissa , " Azad wrote .
The minister went on to say that there were examples around the world which indicated that vigorous implementation of family planning policies in a humane and ethical manner could " help India achieve desired results within a decade " .
Azad also urged MPs , cutting across party lines , to come forward and play a substantive advocacy role and help create awareness for family planning .
" This letter is to request you to kindly agree to the suggestion of having a debate in the two Houses of Parliament during the forthcoming session , " Azad said .
Demographic projections show that if the current status of population growth continues , India will cross China as the most populous nation by 2030 .
According to information with the National Population Stabilisation Fund , India 's population grew five times in the last 100 years .
At present , India 's population stands at 1,198 million to China 's 1,345.8 million .
While average population growth in China was 0.6 % between 2005 - 10 , it was 1.4 % in India .
Projections are that by 2050 , India will be home to 1,613.8 million people compared to China 's 1,417 million .
In 2009 , India 's average fertility rate was 2.68 while China 's was 1.77 .
While some states like Kerala , Himachal Pradesh , West Bengal , Maharashtra , Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh and Delhi have already achieved replacement level fertility , others will take many more years like Uttar Pradesh ( 2027 ) , Madhya Pradesh ( 2025 ) , Chhattisgarh ( 2022 ) , Bihar ( 2021 ) , Assam ( 2019 ) , Gujarat ( 2012 ) , Rajasthan ( 2021 ) and Haryana ( 2012 ) .
According to Azad , population stabilisation is vital for India 's future as the country has 17 % of the world 's population with only 2.5 % of global land .
Small families are therefore important .
Azad said strict implementation of late marriages , laws about age of marriage and delayed first child with proper spacing may help in dealing with the population problem .
One major problem fuelling this population boom is the high number of women who are married off before reaching the age of 18 .
In Bihar , 70 % women marry before 18 , while the figures for other states are Rajasthan 62 % , UP and MP 59 % , Jharkhand and West Bengal 58 % , Andhra Pradesh 56 % and Karnataka 54 % .
As a result , one - fourth of teenage girls become pregnant or mothers by 18 .
The UN has warned that the number of people at present -- 6.7 billion -- would double in the next 40 years if growth rates remained unchecked .
This would result in famine , disease and struggles over resources .
Several of the world ’s largest ISPs , along with major enterprises , realize the need for a centralized clearing - house capable of alerting the world about major DNS problems
In today ’s fast - paced world , alerts are key to avoiding disasters , saving lives and ensuring business continuity .
For example , there ’s an emergency alert system that broadcasts urgent information like severe weather across the United States .
There are Amber Alerts that are disseminated across regions in the U.S. when a child has been abducted using the highway traffic signage systems , radio broadcasts , and tickers on local TV screens .
There is a Health Alert Network run by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to inform the American public of possible emerging health risks .
Many of these alert systems take advantage of widely available infrastructure with a high likelihood of delivery to recipients , where other more “ standard ” communications channels may fail to deliver timely information to their intended audiences .
Such a situation exists with the Domain Name System ( DNS ) today – a widely distributed system with no central control or direct communications mechanism to all operators for critical events .
So why not create an emergency alert system for the DNS that takes advantage of a better , more timely communications infrastructure ?
The goal would be to provide a system where alerts go out to Internet Service Providers worldwide that provide DNS resolution services to their users whenever a critical domain name or DNS server has been hijacked .
You might think this sounds a little over - the - top , but actually , DNS attacks can be devastating .
Worse yet , with DNS caching , even long after an incident has been mitigated , ISPs around the world will still report the wrong DNS information to their users , continuing their exposures .
Devastating DNS Attacks
When cyber criminals hijack various organizations ’
DNS , commercial and government operations run the risk of coming to a screeching halt , and millions of Internet users could have their personal information stolen .
That ’s because the DNS acts as the address book for the Internet and when a DNS configuration is hijacked , the perpetrators have the keys to an organization ’s information and / or direct access to the people and transaction systems that do business with the hijacked organization .
For instance if attackers re-route the DNS that points to the servers that keep time on the ‘ Net , it could severely derail billions of financial transactions that rely on accurate time stamps .
When electronic bill pay company CheckFree ( a subsidiary of Fiserv ) had its domains hijacked in December 2008 , millions of users were exposed to malicious software via their banks ' online bill - pay systems .
Large numbers of banks , utilities and credit unions around the country had to shut down their on - line bill - pay services for days to protect customers .
In this instance , cyber criminals redirected the DNS to a server in the Ukraine that attempted to download malware onto visitors ’
PCs .
The hackers could have used the installed malware not just to access CheckFree users ’ vital data , but also to swindle information from hundreds of CheckFree ’s transaction partners .
CheckFree is n’t the only organization to recently have its DNS hijacked – similar attacks also happened to China ’s largest search engine Baidu , Internet Service Provider and cable giant Comcast , large social networking site Twitter , the international oversight body for domain names ICANN , and the list goes on and on .
These hijackings potentially cost the companies and their partners millions of dollars , and eroded the trust their customers and users have in them .
Mechanics of a DNS Attack
When a DNS hijacking occurs , cyber criminals redirect a domain to a fraudulent Internet host that they control .
All traffic , e-mail , website visits , transactions , etc. , that were supposed to be sent to the original server are collected by the criminals .
By hijacking an enterprise ’s DNS , hackers can potentially gain access to data and communications shared between an organization and its partners or customers : vital data like financial and customer information , passwords , emails and instant messages , proprietary documents and more .
And , these attacks affect more than just domains on the Web – they can impact all traffic and transactions throughout an entire extended enterprise , like those of transaction providers , Internet Service Providers , email hosts and more .
If a DNS server is hacked or domain taken over , the distributed nature of the DNS system helps the false entries spread like a virus .
The very nature of Time To Live ( or TTL ) caching settings – meant to make the Internet more stable – mean that corrections can often take more than 48 hours to resolve .
Unfortunately , there is no standard method or “ kill switch ” to have all ISPs and enterprises “ flush ” this poisoned data from their DNS server caches .
So it typically lives on for hours or days .
For example , although CheckFree was able to regain control of its domains within about eight hours , the nature of DNS meant that the malicious server was still having traffic directed to it for up to 48 hours after CheckFree regained control of its domains .
That meant CheckFree ’s falsely redirected domain entry lived within some ISPs for up to 56 hours !
Conversely , quickly alerting ISPs worldwide of issues and errors , and remediating them , can chop the propagation off at the root ( before bad data can spread to long lived caches ) or quickly resolve them .
The Buck Stops at the ISPs
With time of the essence and the stakes extremely high , there is a need for a centralized system that would alert organizations , their extended enterprise partners , and most importantly ISPs , about these types of issues and threats .
Several of the world ’s largest ISPs , along with major enterprises , realize this need for a centralized clearing - house capable of alerting the world about major DNS problems – more specifically a DNS Emergency Alert System .
By stopping the spread of a bad DNS entry , and enabling the timely flushing away of bad entries , a DNS Emergency Alert System could stop these crimes by getting to the root of a problem and preventing or stripping the caching of that bad information .
A DNS Emergency Alert System could use a variety of alerting mechanisms to get the word out in the most efficient , expeditious and widespread fashion possible .
Since ISPs are the first line of defense , and those that could immediately stop the spread of bad DNS information , they would be among the first ones alerted .
Therefore , all key ISPs must have a list of primary contacts and / or an internal system that would receive an instant alert .
This could be accomplished in a variety of ways – via email , RSS feed , posted to an alert website , text message , etc .
One proposal is to use a DNS - based system in itself as the dissemination mechanism , with special servers set up to provide resolution of affected hosts / domains / etc .
Members of the alert system could simply check the broadcast network servers for any entries and use them as keys to flush their caches or even as overlays of their own cached entries .
By immediately alerting an ISP to clear out its cache for an affected DNS entry , bad data would stop being sent out to its customers quickly .
The ISP would then resolve to the old or corrected DNS and the bad DNS would cease to exist for that segment of the Internet .
Enterprises , governments , and other organizations that provide DNS resolution services to their users can take similar steps to update their own cached DNS data .
Trust is the Key
Creating an alert system in and of itself is relatively straightforward , but will anyone use it ?
They will if they can trust the data provided is timely , accurate , and vetted .
Without these trust factors , system adoption will not get off the ground , as the very nature of the system is tied to properly resolving DNS for targeted organizations , and those are likely to be high - value targets .
Looking at other alert systems in the real world , we see that the infrastructure used to provide them is typically closely controlled or regulated , and that governments or vetted organizations are the only parties that can create new alerts .
This creates a highly trusted alerting system .
What can we take from these real - world examples ?
First , the delivery mechanism needs to be trusted .
In the online world , that translates into something that can be authenticated , and not easily intercepted by outsiders .
The second big factor is the knowledge that the people creating entries in the alert system are trusted , vetted , and ultimately made responsible for the content of their alerts .
It would n’t be acceptable if the system was wide - open , allowing a hijacker to put out fake alerts in conjunction with his take - over attempts , and thus accelerating the damage done .
There are many ways to secure the alert system to ensure authenticity and integrity of the messages from sender to receiver .
However , this has often proven to be problematic in the messaging space , as e-mail , for instance , is trivially spoofed .
So signed / authenticated communications , or a two - step process may be needed .
For example , an e-mail alert could go out that there ’s a new DNS incident , and subscribers to the system would know to check the secure messaging platform ( say a password - protected , SSL - based website ) for the alert details .
If a messaging platform like RSS or DNS were to be used , then signed messaging would be a must .
Whatever the chosen methodology though , there are existing solutions to the problems with secured messages , they just have to be built into the system from the outset .
If the platform is secure , how do we handle who gets to access and use it ?
This is especially challenging given that the actual victims of DNS hijackings are usually enterprises like banks or e-commerce sites , and not ISPs or DNS providers themselves .
The good news is that such companies have ISPs , DNS providers , and security companies that they work with on a regular basis .
These are exactly the kind of companies that can be vetted in a manageable system , plus be trusted to know what they ’re doing when crafting alerts .
Organizations like DNS - OARC , ICANN , MAAWG , and others could be enlisted to help in crafting the vetting process , as their members represent these types of organizations .
One final consideration here is open access .
The Internet was built largely on open standards and interoperability for all players .
This is especially true for the DNS system .
Any emergency alert system needs to provide open access to both victims of hijackings ( alert senders ) and organizations that run DNS resolvers ( alert receivers ) .
A closed or proprietary system that effectively locks out major victims or ISPs and enterprises running resolvers is not likely to win wide adoption .
Indeed , there have been some attempts by some in the DNS services space to set - up some of the aspects of the alert system I ’ve described , yet adoption remains low , likely due to “ closed club ” aspects of these efforts .
Vetting and a sustainable funding model are of course important considerations for building any such alerting system , but there needs to be a way for nearly anyone whose DNS is attacked or that runs DNS resolvers for a community of users , large or small , to participate in order for this kind of proposal to work .
Making it all Come Together
With a system in place , the process is fairly simple .
When an organization or their monitoring service spots a hijacking , they can verify it and issue an alert via their vetted submitter .
This can be their ISP , DNS provider , security vendor , government organization , etc .
That alert would contain the affected DNS entry plus any correction information .
During the hijacking , that information would consist of the real IP address , for instance , of a host or the proper nameservers for a domain .
Once the hijacking was overcome , the message sent out would be a simple cache - flush request for the previously affected entity .
This request would tell the organizations running DNS resolvers simply to flush their values for the affected entries , and reload them from the authoritative source .
The Time is Now
With so many corporations and organizations being targeted with attacks on their DNS , action must be taken before these attacks become more regular , more widespread and wreak more havoc across the Internet .
Consider recent DNS attacks directed at the likes of Twitter , Comcast and more as shots across our industry ’s bow by cyber pirates wanting to exploit the Internet ’s very infrastructure to commit crimes .
Attacks like this could well destroy many users ’ confidence in the Internet .
An emergency alert system should be implemented now before this trust continues to erode and we see reversals in adoption of e-commerce , on - line banking , government service delivery , and the social interactions the Internet has uniquely created for us within the last few years .
< Be Informed .
Subscribe to the SecurityWeek Email Briefing Here >
BEIJING : The Chinese Communist Party has detailed its ambitious but secretive strategy for transforming the internet into a force for keeping it in power and projecting '' soft power ' ' abroad .
An internal speech by China 's top internet official , apparently posted by accident on an official internet site before being promptly removed , outlines a vast array of institutions and methods to control opinion at home and also '' create an international public opinion environment that is objective , beneficial and friendly to us ' ' .
'' Those efforts provided powerful public opinion support for unifying thinking , consolidating strength , assisting in our diplomatic battles and safeguarding our national interests , '' said Wang Chen , who is deputy director of the Propaganda Department , head of External ( foreign ) Propaganda and also director of the State Council 's Information Office .
Mr Wang 's speech was made to the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress on April 29 and posted on the Congress 's website on May 4 , before being removed , sanitised and re-posted on a more mainstream government website the following day .
It was picked up by Human Rights in China and included in its report released yesterday , China 's Internet : Staking Digital Ground .
'' China has this goal of establishing a Chinese intranet , removing China from the global internet , and you can see that in this report , '' said Anne - Marie Brady , an expert on China 's propaganda system at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand .
'' The average Chinese person knows basically how the propaganda system works but there 's no need to advertise so blatantly what the government is doing , '' she said , explaining why large sections of the original speech were deleted .
What if the BP Spill was off the Virginia coast ?
A Movable Fiasco
Link to this nifty new site “ If it was my home ” .
It has a map showing the size and intensity of the BP spill in the Gulf , but allows you to move the “ spill zone ” to your home or anywhere else .
Try it out .
Our May 27 , 201o post showed one of the offshore lease areas off the coast of Virginia .
This site is “ open for oil ” due to President Obama ’s March 31 decision that allows drilling off the mid-Atlantic coast .
Although , the Interior Department suspended the permit process on the Virginia offshore lease in late May , Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell is not giving up .
He has said that he wants to make Virginia the East Coast ’s energy capitol and opposes cancellation of the lease .
BP ( Big Petroleum ) will also mount heavy pressure to reopen the mid-Atlantic coast to drilling .
Now go to the “ If it was my home ” site and move the spill to to locations along the mid-Atlantic shore , say Virginia Beach , VA , Ocean City , MD or Nags Head , NC .
Wow .
Why risk it ?
Offshore wind — a better choice .
And the public strongly agrees !
A poll conducted by Monmouth County University showed overwhelming support for offshore wind as opposed to offshore oil .
Summary article on the Conservation Report website .
Click chart for larger print .
Watch for a forthcoming post on the large wind potential off the mid-Atlantic coast .
Whistleblower website Wikileaks recently released its explosive Afghan War Diary .
Australian forces appear throughout it , mostly under the code AUS RTF , writes Luke Miller .
Just a few hours ago , whistleblower website Wikileaks released its Afghan War Diary , an “ extraordinary compendium of more than 91,000 reports ” apparently written by Allied soldiers and intelligence officers fighting in Afghanistan .
The Guardian in the UK is co-ordinating the release with Wikileaks and has started to pick apart the data , mostly from the UK perspective .
Australian forces appear throughout the reports , mostly under the code AUS RTF , which refers to the Australian Reconstruction Task Force located in the central Afghan province of Uruzgan .
The reports are dense reading and do not cover Special Forces operations such as our Special Air Service Regiment ( SASR ) .
Reading through the reports concerning Australian troops , the majority are encounters with Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) , skirmishes with local insurgents , taking the wounded to hospitals and the occasional friendly fire incident .
Some of the more interesting Australian - related reports from the documents include :
A possible friendly fire incident on July 24 , 2006 where a Danish and Australian soldier were wounded after their sangar ( fortified position ) collapsed , the report notes “ Ordnance release by coalition aircraft ” .
A secret report that Australia approved a plan to double forces on the April 5 , 2007 ( or earlier ) but “ does not plan to publicly announce the new deployment until April 10 ” ( followed up by former Prime Minister John Howard ’s press release on that date ) .
Several examples of unexploded ordinance with Australian markings , and one possibly serious report of Australian mortar rounds being found in a weapons cache along with Chinese rifle rounds on November 9 , 2005 .
There are several cases of troops opening fire on cars approaching checkpoints , one on the July 25 , 2007 , which ended up with children being taken to hospital .
One graphic report from May 2007 involves a harrowing suicide bomber attack on an Australian vehicle checkpoint in the Tarin Kowt district of Uruzgan , where the bomber ( referred to in the report as a Person - Borne Improvised Explosive Device ( PBIED ) “ detonated himself 5 - 10 m from the vehicle ” .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
The fallout from such a large security leak by the Allied forces will play out in dramatic and unexpected ways over the next few months , and Wikileaks has stated that there is more to come .
Reverberations within Israel from Monday 's deadly raid on the Gaza flotilla are thrusting an unknown Arab - Israeli parliamentarian into the spotlight while Defense Minister Ehud Barak faces intense criticism over the botched operation that left at least nine dead .
As Mr. Barak withstands a barrage of calls for his resignation , freshman parliament member Hanin Zoabi has emerged as a leading domestic critic of her government , calling their military operation " criminal . "
" She is becoming a star even though she has a reputation for being quiet , '' says Saed Adawi , an editor at the Israeli Arab Kul el Arab online news site .
" She displayed bravery . ''
IN PICTURES : The Gaza flotilla and the aftermath of the Israeli naval raid
Ms. Zoabi was aboard the Mavi Marmara , one of six ships in the so - called Freedom Flotilla that attempted to break Israel 's three - year blockade on the Gaza Strip and bring in 10,000 tons of humanitarian supplies .
She was detained , along with more than 600 others , when Israeli naval forces rerouted all six ships to Ashdod port .
Since the incident , the Israeli Foreign Ministry has launched an intense media campaign , posting videos on its website and YouTube that portray its soldiers as victims of pre-meditated violence from activists aboard the Mavi Marmara .
Zoabi : ' Are you sure of the Israeli story ? '
Zoabi was released from police custody Tuesday because of her parliamentary immunity , and today addressed Israeli parliament in a fiery speech challenging Israel 's narrative that clashes were started by club - wielding activists .
" Israel spoke of a provocation , but there was no provocation , " she told the Knesset .
" Why does the government of Israel oppose an investigation ?
Are you sure of the Israeli story ? "
Her address to the Israeli Knesset was repeatedly interrupted by Jewish lawmakers calling her a traitor and shouting , " Go to Gaza , traitor ! "
In a televised address Wednesday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused Israel 's critics of " hypocrisy . "
But Zoab has not tempered her rhetoric .
During a press conference Tuesday , according to Ynet news , she said : " It was clear from the size of the force that boarded the ship that the purpose was not only to stop this sail , but to cause the largest possible number of fatalities in order to stop such initiatives in the future . "
Zoabi , 41 , has been in the Knesset for just over a year as part of the Arab nationalist Balad party .
She is the latest Arab member of the parliament to be accused of siding with Israel 's enemies , underlining the heat on the country 's one - fifth minority .
Ehud Barak under fire
While Zoabi emerges as a leader among Israeli Arabs , the flotilla incident has damaged the image of former Prime Minister Ehud Barak , who is seen as the architect of the botched operation .
A public opinion poll published Wednesday by the daily Maariv newspaper showed Mr. Barak as the focus of the blame .
" People were satisfied with him as a defense minister .
This is the first time that he has faced real criticism , '' says Noam Shezeif , an Israeli journalist writes the Promised Land political blog .
" In the long run , it causes real damage , because it hits him in his strong point . ''
On Tuesday he faced a call from a party colleague to resign – which would almost certainly destabilize Netanyahu .
Barak has been an important envoy for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the US administration on peace talks , and his Labor Party is somewhat of a political counterweight and linchpin to Netanyahu 's otherwise right wing coalition .
Analysts doubt he will resign , however , because it would amount to a mea culpa for Israel .
But in the coming months , after the shock of international criticism wears off , analysts say Israelis are likely to be less forgiving of the Barak - Netanyahu duo 's mishandled foreign policy .
" Mainstream Israelis are not satisfied with the justifications that there 's nothing we can do about it , '' says Akiva Eldar , a political commentator from the liberal Haaretz newspaper .
Such a justification is especially hard when numerous governments and the UN Security Council have condemned the violence and called for an independent inquiry .
" You ca n't convince [ Israelis ] that the Italians , Germans , and the new conservative British government , and that everyone is wrong , and they are the only one that sees the reality right . "
IN PICTURES : The Gaza flotilla and the aftermath of the Israeli naval raid
RELATED :
A popular iPhone dogfighting game called Skies of Glory has been ported to Android smartphones , and iOS and Android users can fight one another in real - time — a rare feature for mobile games .
In fact , it 's a rare feature on almost any platform .
Most multiplatform gaming experiences have been online games like World of Warcraft that work on both Mac and Windows computers , although there have been some exceptions — for example , Final Fantasy XI is playable on the PlayStation 2 , PC and Xbox 360 , and a few Xbox Live games can interact with their Windows counterparts .
Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 gamers can't play together on any existing game , however .
It 's good to know that Android and iOS games can connect with one another given that the smartphone market will be split for some time .
Skies of Glory is n't the first such game , but it 's noteworthy because it's one of the most popular iPhone games .
You can download it on the Android Market for devices running Android 2.0 or greater today , or in the Apple App Store [ iTunes link ] for iOS devices .
Trailer
NEW DELHI —
More than 25 years after a plume of fatal toxic gas from an American - owned chemical plant wafted over the slumbering city of Bhopal , eight former executives of the company ’s Indian subsidiary — including one who has since died — were convicted Monday of negligence .
The seven surviving defendants were sentenced to two years in prison and fined 100,000 rupees , or $ 2,100 .
They were the first criminal convictions from the leak at the Union Carbide chemical plant in Bhopal , a central Indian city .
The leak killed 3,000 people almost instantly , and thousands more died later from the aftereffects of the toxic gas , an ingredient in pesticides the plant produced .
Victims groups and activists , who had sought more serious charges , criticized the verdict .
Death by negligence is most frequently used in deaths involving car accidents , they said .
It carries a maximum two - year sentence .
Contrary to what you may hear today , David Cameron 's plan for a " big society " threatens to undermine social justice and widen inequalities .
While there is some effort to encourage people in poor neighbourhoods to do more for themselves , there is nothing in the plan to make sure that everyone – regardless of background or circumstance – gets a fair chance to participate or benefit .
Effectively , the " big society " abandons the idea of collective action and shared responsibility on a broad scale through the state , focusing instead on encouraging local interventions by the " little platoons " of civil society and businesses of all sizes .
Individuals who are already marginalised by poverty and powerlessness will be left behind by the Big Society , where everything hangs on how much power is assumed by which groups and businesses , to do what , for whom and how .
A much bigger role for the market is not a recipe for a bigger or stronger society , because in practice businesses – especially the big US corporations that are hovering over the NHS – are accountable to no one but their shareholders and much more interested in their financial bottom line than social justice or equality .
What 's more , this scheme makes huge demands on people 's time .
A big part of the plan is to transfer power from state authorities to local groups so that they can do things on a voluntary basis that would otherwise be done by publicly funded organisations .
Some people have much more time at their disposal than others .
Individuals with low - paid jobs and big family responsibilities – especially lone parents – tend to be poor in time as well as money .
Long hours and low wages undermine a key premise of the prime minister 's vision , which appears to be that social and financial gains will come from replacing paid with unpaid labour .
Crucially , there are no central principles of fair play or equal opportunity .
And even if there were , it is hard to see where we would find the means to enforce them .
Local authorities and public regulators are being sliced down to the bare bones .
And the very things that help to build equal opportunity and well - being for all – such as decent benefits for people out of work , housing support , child care , facilities for sports and recreation , not to mention free and fair education and healthcare – are all at risk from severe spending cuts .
What 's needed is not just a transfer of power from the state to individuals and groups , but a new kind of partnership between citizens and government , where power and responsibility are shared on an open and equal basis between , on the one hand , professionals and other public service workers and , on the other , the people who are intended to benefit – especially those who are currently disadvantaged and disempowered .
The central purpose of that partnership must be to promote social justice and to narrow inequalities .
It should be about co-producing public goods and social benefits , not dumping on the poor .
We shall also need to redistribute paid and unpaid time by moving towards a much shorter working week .
There 's already a big shift towards part - time working , which should be welcomed as a step in the right direction , not deplored as a short - term aberration .
But it must be accompanied by things such as a higher minimum wage and flexible working conditions , to offset the effects on income for low - paid workers .
We do n't want an overbearing state that depletes our capacity to help ourselves .
But we do need a state that is democratically controlled , and that enables everyone to play a part and acts as an effective mediator and protector of our shared interests .
Democratic government is the only effective vehicle for ensuring that resources are fairly distributed , both across the population and between individuals and groups at local levels .
Businesses or third - sector organisations can supplement these functions but cannot replace them , not least because they invariably serve sectoral or specialised interests , rather than those of the nation as a whole .
If the state is pruned so drastically that it is neither big enough nor strong enough to carry them out , the effect will be a more troubled and diminished society , not a bigger one .
Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 W3C Recommendation 22 May 2014
This version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2014/REC-emotionml-20140522/
Latest version : http://www.w3.org/TR/emotionml/
Previous version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2013/PR-emotionml-20130416/
Editors : Felix Burkhardt ( Deutsche Telekom AG ) Marc Schröder ( until July 2012 , while with DFKI GmbH ) Authors : ( in alphabetic order ) Paolo Baggia ( while at Loquendo , currently Nuance Communications ) Catherine Pelachaud ( Telecom ParisTech ) Christian Peter ( Fraunhofer Gesellschaft ) Enrico Zovato ( while at Loquendo , currently Nuance Communications )
Please refer to the errata for this document , which may include normative corrections .
See also translations .
Copyright © 2014 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio , Beihang ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark and document use rules apply .
Abstract
As the Web is becoming ubiquitous , interactive , and multimodal , technology needs to deal increasingly with human factors , including emotions .
The specification of Emotion Markup Language 1.0 aims to strike a balance between practical applicability and scientific well - foundedness .
The language is conceived as a " plug - in " language suitable for use in three different areas : ( 1 ) manual annotation of data ; ( 2 ) automatic recognition of emotion - related states from user behavior ; and ( 3 ) generation of emotion - related system behavior .
Status of this document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This is the Recommendation of " Emotion Markup Language 1.0 " .
It has been published by the Multimodal Interaction Working Group , which is part of the Multimodal Interaction Activity .
Comments are welcome at www-multimodal@w3.org ( archive ) .
See W3C mailing list and archive usage guidelines .
This specification has been widely reviewed ( see the Candidate Recommendation Disposition of Comments and the Last Call Working Draft Disposition of Comments ) and satisfies the Working Group 's technical requirements .
A list of implementations is included in the EmotionML Implementation Report .
The Working Group made several editorial changes to the 16 April 2013 Proposed Recommendation .
Changes from the Proposed Recommendation can be found in Appendix C. There are no substantial changes since the Proposed Recommendation .
This document has been reviewed by W3C Members , by software developers , and by other W3C groups and interested parties , and is endorsed by the Director as a W3C Recommendation .
It is a stable document and may be used as reference material or cited from another document .
W3 C's role in making the Recommendation is to draw attention to the specification and to promote its widespread deployment .
This enhances the functionality and interoperability of the Web .
This document has been produced as part of the W3C Multimodal Interaction Activity , following the procedures set out for the W3C Process .
The authors of this document are members of the Multimodal Interaction Working Group .
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim (s ) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy .
For more information about the Multimodal Interaction Activity , please see the Multimodal Interaction Activity statement .
Conventions of this document
The key words " MUST " , " MUST NOT " , " REQUIRED " , " SHALL " , " SHALL NOT " , " SHOULD " , " SHOULD NOT " , " RECOMMENDED " , " MAY " , and " OPTIONAL " in this document are to be interpreted as described in [ RFC2119 ] .
The sections in the main body of this document are normative unless otherwise specified .
The appendices in this document are informative unless otherwise indicated explicitly .
The examples in the main body are also informative .
Table of Contents
1 Introduction
This section is informative .
Human emotions are increasingly understood to be a crucial aspect in human - machine interactive systems .
Especially for non-expert end users , reactions to complex intelligent systems resemble social interactions , involving feelings such as frustration , impatience , or helplessness if things go wrong .
Furthermore , technology is increasingly used to observe human - to - human interactions , such as customer frustration monitoring in call center applications .
Dealing with these kinds of states in technological systems requires a suitable representation , which should make the concepts and descriptions developed in the affective sciences available for use in technological contexts .
This report specifies Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 , a markup language designed to be usable in a broad variety of technological contexts while reflecting concepts from the affective sciences .
1.1 Reasons for defining an Emotion Markup Language
As for any standard format , the first and main goal of an EmotionML is twofold : to allow a technological component to represent and process data , and to enable interoperability between different technological components processing the data .
Use cases for EmotionML can be grouped into three broad types :
Manual annotation of material involving emotionality , such as annotation of videos , of speech recordings , of faces , of texts , etc ; Automatic recognition of emotions from sensors , including physiological sensors , speech recordings , facial expressions , etc. , as well as from multi-modal combinations of sensors ; Generation of emotion - related system responses , which may involve reasoning about the emotional implications of events , emotional prosody in synthetic speech , facial expressions and gestures of embodied agents or robots , the choice of music and colors of lighting in a room , etc .
Interactive systems are likely to involve both analysis and generation of emotion - related behavior ; furthermore , systems are likely to benefit from data that was manually annotated , be it as training data or for rule - based modeling .
Therefore , it is desirable to propose a single EmotionML that can be used in all three contexts .
Concrete examples of existing technology that could apply EmotionML include :
Opinion mining / sentiment analysis in Web 2.0 , to automatically track customer 's attitude regarding a product across blogs ;
Affective monitoring , such as ambient assisted living applications for the elderly , fear detection for surveillance purposes , or using wearable sensors to test customer satisfaction ;
Character design and control for games and virtual worlds ;
Social robots , such as guide robots engaging with visitors ;
Expressive speech synthesis , generating synthetic speech with different emotions , such as happy or sad , friendly or apologetic ; expressive synthetic speech would for example make more information available to blind and partially sighted people , and enrich their experience of the content ;
Emotion recognition ( e.g. , for spotting angry customers in speech dialog systems ) ;
Support for people with disabilities , such as educational programs for people with autism .
EmotionML can be used to make the emotional intent of content explicit .
This would enable people with learning disabilities ( such as Asperger 's Syndrome ) to realize the emotional context of the content ;
EmotionML can be used for media transcripts and captions .
Where emotions are marked up to help deaf or hearing impaired people who cannot hear the soundtrack , more information is made available to enrich their experience of the content .
The Emotion Incubator Group has listed 39 individual use cases for an EmotionML .
A second reason for defining an EmotionML is the observation that ad hoc attempts to deal with emotions and related states often lead people to make the same mistakes that others have made before .
The most typical mistake is to model emotions as a small number of intense states such as anger , fear , joy , and sadness ; this choice is often made irrespective of the question whether these states are the most appropriate for the intended application .
Crucially , the available alternatives that have been developed in the affective science literature are not sufficiently known , resulting in dead - end situations after the initial steps of work .
Careful consideration of states to study and of representations for describing them can help avoid such situations .
EmotionML makes scientific concepts of emotions practically applicable .
This can help potential users to identify the suitable representations for their respective applications .
1.2
The challenge of defining a generally usable Emotion Markup Language
Any attempt to standardize the description of emotions using a finite set of fixed descriptors is doomed to failure : even scientists cannot agree on the number of relevant emotions , or on the names that should be given to them .
Even more basically , the list of emotion - related states that should be distinguished varies depending on the application domain and the aspect of emotions to be focused .
Basically , the vocabulary needed depends on the context of use .
On the other hand , the basic structure of concepts is less controversial : it is generally agreed that emotions involve triggers , appraisals , feelings , expressive behavior including physiological changes , and action tendencies ; emotions in their entirety can be described in terms of categories or a small number of dimensions ; emotions have an intensity , and so on .
For details , see Scientific Descriptions of Emotions in the Final Report of the Emotion Incubator Group .
Given this lack of agreement on descriptors in the field , the only practical way of defining an EmotionML is the definition of possible structural elements and their valid child elements and attributes , but to allow users to " plug in " vocabularies that they consider appropriate for their work .
A separate W3C Working Draft complements this specification to provide a central repository of [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] which can serve as a starting point ; where the vocabularies listed there seem inappropriate , users can create their custom vocabularies .
An additional challenge lies in the aim to provide a generally usable markup , as the requirements arising from the three different use cases ( annotation , recognition , and generation ) are rather different .
Whereas manual annotation tends to require all the fine - grained distinctions considered in the scientific literature , automatic recognition systems can usually distinguish only a very small number of different states .
For the reasons outlined here , it is clear that there is an inevitable tension between flexibility and interoperability , which need to be weighed in the formulation of an EmotionML .
The guiding principle in the following specification has been to provide a choice only where it is needed , and to propose reasonable default options for every choice .
1.3 Glossary of terms
The terms related to emotions are not used consistently , neither in common use nor in the scientific literature .
The following glossary describes the intended meaning of terms in this document .
Action tendency Emotions have a strong influence on the motivational state of a subject .
Emotion theory associates emotions to a small set of so - called action tendencies , e.g. avoidance ( relates to fear ) , rejecting ( disgust ) etc .
Action tendencies can be viewed as a link between the outcome of an appraisal process and actual actions .
Affect / Affective state
In the scientific literature , the term " affect " is often used as a general term covering a range of phenomena called " affective states " , including emotions , moods , attitudes , etc .
Proponents of the term consider it to be more generic than " emotion " , in the sense that it covers both acute and long - term , specific and unspecific states .
In this report , the term " affect " is avoided so that the scope of the intended markup language is more easily accessible to the non-expert ; the term " affective state " is used interchangeably with " emotion - related state " .
Appraisal
The term " appraisal " is used in the scientific literature to describe the evaluation process leading to an emotional response .
Triggered by an " emotion - eliciting event " , an individual carries out an automatic , subjective assessment of the event , in order to determine the relevance of the event to the individual .
This assessment is carried out along a number of " appraisal dimensions " such as the novelty , pleasantness or goal conduciveness of the event .
Attitude
In psychology , " attitude " is related to the global evaluation of an object , such as a person , an object , oneself , etc .
Attitude is considered to include an emotional component , as well as cognition and behavior .
However , the term " attitude " is sometimes used with slightly different meanings , such as speaking style ( " he said it with a certain attitude " ) or more generally personal lifestyle ( " she has quite an attitude " ) .
Because of this ambiguity , this specification avoids the term .
Declared vocabulary
The emotion vocabulary for emotion representations declared in a given EmotionML document context .
There are four types of vocabulary : category vocabularies for category - based representations , dimension vocabularies for dimension - based representations , appraisal vocabularies for appraisal - based representations , and action tendency vocabularies for action tendency - based representations .
Only vocabulary items defined in the declared vocabulary of the given type can be used for representations of that type .
This is to ensure that annotations are well - defined by making explicit the vocabulary from which they are taken .
Emotion
In this report , the term " emotion " is used in a very broad sense , covering both intense and weak states , short and long term , with and without event focus .
This meaning is intended to reflect the understanding of the term " emotion " by the general public .
In the scientific literature on emotion theories , the term " emotion " or " fullblown emotion " refers to intense states with a strong focus on current events , often in the context of the survival - benefiting function of behavioral responses such as " fight or flight " .
This reading of the term seems inappropriate for the vast majority of human - machine interaction contexts , in which more subtle states dominate ; therefore , where this reading is intended , the term " fullblown emotion " is used in this report .
Emotion - related state A cover term for the broad range of phenomena intended to be covered by this specification .
In the scientific literature , several kinds of emotion - related or affective states are distinguished , see Emotions and related states in the final report of the Emotion Incubator Group .
Emotion dimensions
A small number of continuous scales describing the most basic properties of an emotion .
Often three dimensions are used : valence ( sometimes named pleasure ) , arousal ( or activity / activation ) , and potency ( sometimes called control , power or dominance ) .
However , sometimes two , or more than three dimensions are used .
Fullblown emotion Intense states with a strong focus on current events , often in the context of the survival - benefiting function of behavioral responses such as " fight or flight " .
2 Elements of Emotion Markup
The following sections describe the syntax of the main elements of EmotionML .
2.1 Document structure
2.1.1 Document root : The < emotionml > element
Annotation < emotionml > Definition
The root element of an EmotionML document .
Children
The element MAY contain one or more < emotion > elements .
It MAY contain a single < info > element .
It MAY contain one or more < vocabulary > elements .
Attributes Required : Namespace declaration for EmotionML , see EmotionML namespace .
version indicates the version of the specification to be used for the document .
Documents using this specification MUST use 1.0 for the value .
: Optional : category - set declares a global category vocabulary ( see also < category > ) .
The attribute MUST be of type xsd : anyURI and MUST refer to the ID of a < vocabulary > element defining an emotion vocabulary with type=" category " , as specified in Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
dimension - set declares a global dimension vocabulary ( see also < dimension > ) .
The attribute MUST be of type xsd : anyURI and MUST refer to the ID of a < vocabulary > element defining an emotion vocabulary with type =" dimension " , as specified in Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
appraisal - set declares a global appraisal vocabulary ( see also < appraisal > ) .
The attribute MUST be of type xsd : anyURI and MUST refer to the ID of a < vocabulary > element defining an emotion vocabulary with type = " appraisal " , as specified in Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
action - tendency - set declares a global action tendency vocabulary ( see also < action - tendency > ) .
The attribute MUST be of type xsd : anyURI and MUST refer to the ID of a < vocabulary > element defining an emotion vocabulary with type=" action - tendency " , as specified in Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
: Occurrence
This is the root element -- it cannot occur as a child of any other EmotionML element .
The root element of a standalone EmotionML document MUST be < emotionml > .
It MAY contain a single < info > element , providing document - level metadata .
The < emotionml > element MUST define the EmotionML namespace : ' http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml'.
The < emotionml > element MAY contain arbitrary plain text .
See annotation of text as an example .
Standalone EmotionML documents usually serve one or both of the following two purposes :
to wrap a number of < emotion > elements into a single document ; to define emotion vocabularies for use with < emotion > annotations in the same or other documents .
Example :
< emotionml version = " 1.0 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > ... </emotionml >
or
< emo:emotionml version = " 1.0 " xmlns:emo= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > ... </emo:emotionml >
Note :
One of the envisaged uses of EmotionML is to be used in the context of other markup languages .
In such cases , there will be no < emotionml > root element , but < emotion > elements will be used directly in other markup -- see Examples of possible use with other markup languages .
2.1.2 A single emotion annotation : The < emotion > element
The < emotion > element represents an individual emotion annotation .
No matter how simple or complex its substructure is , it represents a single statement about the emotional content of some annotated item .
Where several statements about the emotion in a certain context are to be made , several < emotion > elements MUST be used .
See Examples of emotion annotation for illustrations of this issue .
An < emotion > element MAY have an id attribute , allowing for a unique reference to the individual emotion annotation .
Since the < emotion > annotation is an atomic statement about the emotion , it is inappropriate to refer to individual emotion representations such as < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > , < action - tendency > or their children directly .
For this reason , these elements do not allow for an id attribute .
The < emotion > element MAY contain arbitrary plain text .
See annotation of text as an example .
NOTE : For each type of vocabulary ( category , dimension , appraisal and action tendency ) , only one declared vocabulary of that type can exist within a given document subtree , with local declaration taking precedence over global declaration .
For example , if both a global category vocabulary ( on < emotionml > ) and a local category vocabulary ( on < emotion > ) are declared , the local one " hides " the global one , so that the local category vocabulary is the only declared category vocabulary within the given < emotion > element .
Whereas it is possible to use < emotion > elements in a standalone < emotionml > document , a typical use case is expected to be embedding an < emotion > into some other markup -- see Examples of possible use with other markup languages .
2.2 Representations of emotions and related states
2.2.1 The < category > element
Annotation < category >
Definition Description of an emotion or a related state using a category .
Children < trace > : A < category > MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
Attributes Required : name , the name of the category , which MUST be contained in the declared category vocabulary ( see below ) .
: Optional : value : A < category >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation given for this category is correct .
: Occurrence One or more < category > elements MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
For any given category name in the set , zero or one occurrence is allowed within an < emotion > element , i.e. a category with name " x " MUST NOT appear twice in one < emotion > element .
< category > describes an emotion or a related state in terms of a category name , given as the value of the name attribute .
If the < category > element is used , a category vocabulary MUST be declared ( see < emotion > and < emotionml > ) , and the category name as given in the name attribute MUST be an item in the declared category vocabulary .
Different declared category vocabularies can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
In particular , different types of emotion - related / affective states can be annotated by using appropriate value sets .
The intensity of an emotion category MAY be specified as a Scale value , either as a static value in the value attribute , or as a dynamic trace over time using the < trace > element .
A < category > MUST NOT contain both a value attribute and a < trace > element .
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " satisfaction " is being annotated ; it must be contained in the definition of the emotion category vocabulary located at http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories, which is one of the category vocabularies provided in [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name= " satisfied " /> </emotion >
The following is an annotation of an interpersonal stance " distant " which must be defined in the custom category set at the URI given in the category - set attribute :
< emotion category - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/category/interpersonal-stances.xml#voc " > < category name = " distant " /> </emotion >
In the following example , an emotion is described by several categories , each being present with different values of intensity .
The category set used is the " big six " set described in [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " sadness " value= " 0.3 " /> < category name = " anger " value = " 0.8 " /> < category name= " fear " value= " 0.3 " /> </emotion >
2.2.2 The < dimension > element
Annotation < dimension > Definition
One or more < dimension > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state according to an emotion dimension vocabulary .
Children < trace > : A < dimension > MUST contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
Attributes Required : name , the name of the dimension , which MUST be contained in the declared dimension vocabulary ( see below ) .
value : A < dimension > MUST contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
: Optional : confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation given for this dimension is correct .
: Occurrence < dimension > elements occur as children of < emotion > .
For any given dimension name in the set , zero or one occurrence is allowed within an < emotion > element , i.e. a dimension with name " x " MUST NOT appear twice in one < emotion > element .
One or more < dimension > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of emotion dimensions .
If the < dimension > element is used , a dimension vocabulary MUST be declared ( see < emotion > and < emotionml > ) , and the dimension name as given in the name attribute MUST be an item in the declared dimension vocabulary .
Different declared dimension vocabularies can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
The position on an emotion dimension MUST be specified as a Scale value , either as a static value in the value attribute , or as a dynamic trace over time using the < trace > element .
A < dimension > MUST NOT contain both a value attribute and a < trace > element .
Examples :
One of the most widespread sets of emotion dimensions used ( sometimes by different names ) is the combination of valence , arousal and potency .
The following example is a state of rather low arousal , very positive valence , and high potency -- in other words , a relaxed , positive state with a feeling of being in control of the situation .
The example uses the Pleasure - Arousal - Dominance ( PAD ) vocabulary from [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] :
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#pad-dimensions " > < dimension name= " arousal " value= " 0.3 " /><!-- lower - than - average arousal --> < dimension name= " pleasure " value= " 0.9 " /><!-- very high positive valence --> < dimension name = " dominance " value= " 0.8 " /><!-- relatively high potency --> </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific dimensions will be required .
The following example uses a custom set of dimensions , defining a single dimension " friendliness " .
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/dimension/friendliness.xml#voc " > < dimension name= " friendliness " value= " 0.2 " /><!-- a pretty unfriendly person --> </emotion >
The usual way to represent the intensity of an emotion would be the value attribute of a < category > .
However , if only the intensity of an emotion is annotated , but not its nature , this can be done by using an " intensity " dimension .
Thus , an emotional state 's " strength " or " intensity " can be described independently from categorical or dimensional descriptions , as shown by the following example .
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#intensity-dimension " > < dimension name= " intensity " value= " 0.2 " /><!-- not in a strong emotional state --> </emotion >
2.2.3 The < appraisal > element
Annotation < appraisal > Definition
One or more < appraisal > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state according to an emotion appraisal vocabulary .
Children < trace > :
An < appraisal > MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
Attributes Required : name , the name of the appraisal , which MUST be contained in the declared appraisal vocabulary ( see below ) .
: Optional : value : An < appraisal >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation given for this appraisal is correct .
: Occurrence < appraisal > elements occur as children of < emotion > .
For any given appraisal name in the set , zero or one occurrence is allowed within an < emotion > element , i.e. an appraisal with name " x " MUST NOT appear twice in one < emotion > element .
One or more < appraisal > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of appraisals .
If the < appraisal > element is used , an appraisal vocabulary MUST be declared ( see < emotion > and < emotionml > ) , and the appraisal name as given in the name attribute MUST be an item in the declared appraisal vocabulary .
Different declared appraisal vocabularies can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
The degree to which an appraisal is present MAY be specified as a Scale value , either as a static value in the value attribute , or as a dynamic trace over time using the < trace > element .
An < appraisal >
MUST NOT contain both a value attribute and a < trace > element .
Examples :
One of the most widespread sets of emotion appraisals used is the appraisals set proposed by Klaus Scherer , covering aspects of novelty , intrinsic pleasantness , goal / need significance , coping potential , and norm / self compatibility .
Another very widespread set of emotion appraisals , used in particular in computational models of emotion , is the OCC set of appraisals ( Ortony et al. , 1988 ) , which includes the consequences of events for oneself or for others , the actions of others and the perception of objects .
Using Scherer 's appraisals from [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] , the following example is a state arising from the evaluation of an unpredicted and quite unpleasant event :
< emotion appraisal - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#scherer-appraisals " > < appraisal name = " suddenness " value= " 0.8 " /> < appraisal name= " intrinsic - pleasantness " value = " 0.2 " /> </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific appraisals will be required .
The following example uses a custom set of appraisals , defining the single appraisal " likelihood " .
< emotion appraisal - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/appraisal/likelihood.xml#voc " > < appraisal name =" likelihood " value= " 0.8 " /><!-- a very predictable event --> </emotion >
2.2.4 The < action - tendency > element
Annotation < action - tendency > Definition
One or more < action - tendency > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state according to an emotion action tendency vocabulary .
Children < trace > :
An < action - tendency >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
Attributes Required : name , the name of the action tendency , which MUST be contained in the declared action tendency vocabulary ( see below ) .
: Optional : value :
An < action - tendency >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation given for this action tendency is correct .
: Occurrence < action - tendency > elements occur as children of < emotion > .
For any given action tendency name in the set , zero or one occurrence is allowed within an < emotion > element , i.e. an action tendency with name " x " MUST NOT appear twice in one < emotion > element .
One or more < action - tendency > elements jointly describe an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of action tendencies .
If the < action - tendency > element is used , an action tendency vocabulary MUST be declared ( see < emotion > and < emotionml > ) , and the action tendency name as given in the name attribute MUST be an item in the declared action tendency vocabulary .
Different declared action tendency vocabularies can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
The degree to which an action tendency is present MAY be specified as a Scale value , either as a static value in the value attribute , or as a dynamic trace over time using the < trace > element .
An < action - tendency >
MUST NOT contain both a value attribute and a < trace > element .
Examples :
One well known use of action tendencies is by N. Frijda .
This model uses a number of action tendencies that are low level , diffuse behaviors from which more concrete actions could be determined .
It is provided in [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] .
An example of someone attempting to attract someone they like by being confident , strong and attentive might look like this :
< emotion action - tendency - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#frijda-action-tendencies " > < action - tendency name= " approach " value= " 0.7 " /> <!-- get close --> < action - tendency name = " being - with " value= " 0.8 " /> <!-- be happy --> < action - tendency name= " attending " value= " 0.7 " /> <!-- pay attention --> < action - tendency name = " dominating " value= " 0.7 " /> <!-- be assertive --> </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific action tendencies will be required .
The following example shows control values for a robot who works in a factory and uses a custom set of action - tendencies , defining example actions for a robot .
In the example , the robot has very low battery , so it needs to get ready to charge its battery and stop its work of picking up boxes .
< emotion action - tendency - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/action/robot.xml#voc " > < action - tendency name= " charge - battery " value= " 0.9 " /> <!-- need to charge battery soon --> < action - tendency name= " pickup - boxes " value= " 0.3 " /> <!-- feeling tired , avoid work --> </emotion >
2.3 Meta-information
2.3.1
The confidence attribute
Annotation confidence Definition
The degree of confidence or probability that the emotion representation carrying this attribute is correct .
The value of the confidence attribute MUST be a floating point number in the closed interval [ 0 , 1 ] .
Occurrence
An optional attribute of < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency > elements .
Confidence MAY be indicated separately for each of the Representations of emotions and related states .
For example , the confidence that the < category > is assumed correctly is independent from the confidence that the position on a dimension is correctly indicated .
Rooted in the tradition of statistics a confidence is given in an interval from 0 to 1 , resembling a probability .
Insofar , the confidence is a Scale value .
Examples :
In the following , one simple example is provided for each element that can carry a confidence attribute .
The first example indicates a very high confidence that surprise is the emotion to annotate .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " surprise " confidence = " 0.95 " /> </emotion >
The next example illustrates using confidence to indicate that the annotation of high arousal is probably correct , but the annotation of slightly positive pleasure may or may not be correct .
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#pad-dimensions " > < dimension name= " arousal " value = " 0.8 " confidence = " 0.9 " /> < dimension name= " pleasure " value = " 0.6 " confidence = " 0.3 " /> </emotion >
Finally , an example for the case of intensity : A high confidence is given that the emotion has a low intensity .
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#intensity-dimension " > < dimension name= " intensity " value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> </emotion >
Note that , as stated , obviously an emotional annotation can be a combination of the above , as in the following example : the intensity of the emotion is quite probably low , but if we have to guess , we would say the emotion is boredom .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#intensity-dimension " > < category name= " bored " confidence = " 0.1 " /> < dimension name= " intensity " value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> </emotion >
2.3.2
The expressed - through attribute
Annotation expressed - through Definition
The modality , or list of modalities , through which the emotion is expressed .
An attribute of type xsd : NMTOKENS which contains a space delimited set of values from an open set of values including : { gaze , face , head , torso , gesture , leg , voice , text , locomotion , posture , physiology , ...}. Occurrence An optional attribute of < emotion > elements .
The expressed - through attribute describes the modality through which an emotion is produced , usually by a human being .
It is not the technical modality by which it was detected , e.g. " face " rather than " camera " and " voice " rather than " microphone " .
The expressed - through attribute is agnostic about the use case : when detecting emotion , it represents the modality from which the emotion has been detected ; when generating emotion - related system behavior , it represents the modality through which the emotion is to be expressed .
The list of values provided covers a broad range of modalities through which emotions may be expressed .
These values SHOULD be used if they are appropriate .
The list is an open set in order to allow for more fine - grained distinctions such as " eyes " vs. " mouth " etc .
The expressed - through attribute is not specific about the sensors used for observing the modality .
These can be specified using the < info > element , or by the emma : mode attribute in an enclosing [ EMMA ] document .
Example :
In the following example the emotion is expressed through the voice .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " expressed - through = " voice " > < category name= " satisfied " /> </emotion >
In case of multimodal expression of an emotion , a list of space separated modalities can be indicated in the expressed - through attribute , like in the following example in which the two values " face " and " voice " are used .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " expressed - through = " face voice " > < category name= " satisfied " /> </emotion >
See also the examples in sections 5.1.2 Automatic recognition of emotions , 5.1.3 Generation of emotion - related system behavior and 5.2.3 Use with SMIL .
2.3.3
The < info > element
Annotation < info > Definition
This element can be used to annotate arbitrary metadata .
Children
The < info > element MAY contain arbitrary plain text as well as any elements with a namespace different from the EmotionML namespace , ' http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml'.
It MUST NOT contain any elements in the EmotionML namespace .
Attributes Optional : id , a unique identifier for the info element , of type xsd : ID .
: Occurrence A single < info > element MAY occur as a child of the < emotionml > root tag to indicate global metadata , i.e. the annotations are valid for the document scope ;
root tag to indicate global metadata , i.e. the annotations are valid for the document scope ; an < emotion > element to indicate local metadata that is only valid for that < emotion > element ;
element to indicate local metadata that is only valid for that element ; a < vocabulary > element , providing arbitrary metadata about the vocabulary itself ;
element , providing arbitrary metadata about the vocabulary itself ; an < item > element , providing arbitrary metadata about the vocabulary item .
This element can contain arbitrary XML data in a different namespace ( one option could be [ RDF ] data ) , either on a document global level or on a local " per annotation element " level .
Several initiatives of standardizing metadata exist , such as [ IMDI ] and [ CLARIN ] .
Metadata may contain information on a large spectrum of elements such as : location description ( continent , country , address ) , content type ( e.g. , genre , task , modalities ) , session ( title , a recording date , a group of participants ) ; each participant may be defined by her role in the session ( e.g. annotator , filmer ) , her name , her social family role , etc .
Examples :
In the following example , the automatic classification for an annotation document was performed by a classifier based on Gaussian Mixture Models ( GMM ) ; the speakers of the annotated elements were of different German origins .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:classifiers = " http://www.example.com/meta/classify/ " xmlns:origin= " http://www.example.com/meta/local/ " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " version = " 1.0 " > < info > < classifiers : classifier classifiers : name= " GMM " /> </info> < emotion > < info>< origin:localization value= " bavarian " /></info> < category name= " happiness " /> </emotion > < emotion > < info><origin:localization value= " swabian " /></info> < category name= " sadness " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
The following example uses the IMDI metadata language to represent information about the annotator who produced the emotion annotation in the current document , in a global < info > element .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:imdi= " http://www.mpi.nl/IMDI/Schema/IMDI " version = " 1.0 " > < info > < imdi: Actors > < imdi: Actor > < imdi:Role > Annotator </ imdi: Role > < imdi: Name > John </imdi: Name > < imdi:FullName> John Smith Junior </ imdi: FullName > < imdi: Code >JS</imdi:Code > < imdi:FamilySocialRole > Teacher </imdi:FamilySocialRole > ... </imdi:Actor > </imdi:Actors > </ info > ... < emotion >...</ emotion > < emotion >...</ emotion > </emotionml >
The following example illustrates how < info > can be used for annotating information on sensors through which an affective signal has been detected .
In the global < info > section , the sensors used in the particular scenario are specified .
Apart from their ID , information on the modality observed by this sensor is provided as well as information on the confidence for that sensor .
In this example , the modality " posture " is observed by a camera and a chair equipped with pressure sensors .
For some reason it is decided that emotion estimates based on camera data should be trusted more than those based on chair data .
Within the < emotion > elements , < info > is used to specify which sensor has been used to calculate the actual emotion value .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:sensors = " http://www.example.com/meta/sensors/ " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " version = " 1.0 " > < info > < sensors : sensor id =" camera1 " confidence = " 0.9 " expressed - through = " posture " /> < sensors : sensor id =" chair " confidence = " 0.3 " expressed - through = " posture " / > ... </ info> < emotion expressed - through = " posture " > < info > < sensors : sensor idref= " camera1 " /> </ info > < category name= " angry " /> </emotion > < emotion expressed - through = " posture " > < info > < sensors : sensor idref= " chair " /> </ info > < category name = " neutral " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
2.4 References and time
2.4.1 The < reference > element
Annotation < reference >
Definition References may be used to relate the emotion annotation to the " rest of the world " , more specifically to the emotional expression , the experiencing subject , the trigger , and the target of the emotion .
Children None Attributes Required : uri , a URI identifying the actual reference target .
The attribute MUST be of type xsd : anyURI .
The URI MAY be extended by a media fragment , as explained in section 2.4.2.4 .
: Optional : role , the type of relation between the emotion and the external item referred to ; the value MUST be one of " expressedBy " ( default ) , " experiencedBy " , " triggeredBy " , " targeted At " . media - type , an attribute of type xsd : string holding the MIME type of the data that the uri attribute points to .
: Occurrence Multiple < reference > elements MAY occur as children of < emotion > .
A < reference > element provides a link to media as a URI [ RFC 3986 ] .
The semantics of references are described by the role attribute which , if present , MUST have one of four values :
" expressedBy " indicates that the reference points to observable behavior expressing the emotion .
This is the default value if the role attribute is not explicitly stated ;
" indicates that the reference points to observable behavior expressing the emotion .
This is the default value if the attribute is not explicitly stated ; " experiencedBy " indicates that the reference points to the subject experiencing the emotion ;
" indicates that the reference points to the subject experiencing the emotion ; " triggeredBy " indicates that the reference points to an emotion - eliciting event that caused an emotion and / or related appraisals ;
" indicates that the reference points to an emotion - eliciting event that caused an emotion and / or related appraisals ; " targetedAt " indicates that the reference points to an object towards which an emotion - related action , or action tendency , is directed .
For reference targets representing a period of time , start and end time MAY be denoted by using the media fragments syntax , as explained in section 2.4.2.4 .
The media - type attribute MAY be used to differentiate between different media types such as audio , video , text , etc .
There is no restriction regarding the number of < reference > elements that MAY occur as children of < emotion > .
Examples :
The following example illustrates the reference to two different URIs having a different role with respect to the emotion : one reference points to the emotion 's expression , a video clip showing a user expressing the emotion ; the other reference points to the trigger that caused the emotion , in this case another video clip that was seen by the person who expressed the emotion .
<emotion ... > ... < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/data/video/v1.avi?t=2,13 " role = " expressedBy " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/events/e12.xml " role = " triggered By " /> </emotion >
Several references may follow as children of one < emotion > tag , even having the same role ; for example , the following annotation refers to a portion of a video and to physiological sensor data , both of which expressed the emotion :
<emotion ... > ... < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/data/video/v1.avi?t=2,13 " role = " expressedBy " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/data/physio/ph7.txt " role = " expressedBy " /> </emotion >
It is possible to explicitly indicate the MIME type of the item that the reference refers to :
<emotion ... > ... < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/data/video/v1.avi?t=2,13 " media - type= " video/mp4 " /> </emotion >
2.4.2 Timestamps
2.4.2.1 Absolute time
Annotation start , end Definition Attributes to denote the starting and ending absolute times .
They MUST be of type xsd : nonNegativeInteger and indicate the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 GMT .
Occurrence
The attributes MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
start and end attributes denote the absolute starting and ending times at which an emotion or related state happened .
This might be used for example with an " emotional diary " application .
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " surprise " is annotated , immediately followed by the category " happiness " .
The start and end attributes specify for each emotion element the absolute beginning and ending times .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " start = " 1268647332000 " end =" 1268647334000 " > < category name= " surprise " /> </emotion > < emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " start = " 1268647334001 " end =" 1268647336000 " > < category name= " happiness " /> </emotion >
The end value MUST be greater than or equal to the start value .
The ECMAScript Date object 's getTime ( ) function is a way to determine the absolute time .
2.4.2.2 Duration
Annotation duration Definition Attribute of type xsd : nonNegativeInteger , defaulting to zero .
It specifies the duration of the event in milliseconds .
Occurrence
This attribute MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
The duration of an input in milliseconds MAY be specified with the duration attribute .
The duration attribute MAY be used either in combination with the start or offset - to - start attribute or independently .
A start or offset - to - start attribute together with the duration attribute set to zero MAY be used to indicate a single timestamp on a time axis .
Note that the specification does n't enforce consistency .
Although it would be redundant , the presence of both duration and end attributes is possible .
If this leads to inconsistency , the responsibility lies with the EmotionML producer .
Examples :
In the following example , the start and duration of the emotion category " surprise " are annotated :
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " start = " 1268647200000 " duration = " 130 " > < category name= " surprise " /> </emotion >
2.4.2.3 Relative time
Annotation time - ref- uri Definition Attribute of type xsd : anyURI indicating the URI used to anchor the relative timestamp .
Occurrence
This attribute MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
Annotation time - ref - anchor - point Definition Attribute with a value of start or end , defaulting to start .
It indicates whether to measure the time from the start or end of the interval designated with time - ref - uri .
Occurrence
This attribute MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
Annotation offset - to - start Definition Attribute of type xsd : integer , defaulting to zero .
It specifies the offset in milliseconds for the start of input from the anchor point designated with time - ref - uri and time - ref - anchor - point .
Occurrence
This attribute MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
Relative timestamps define the start of an input relative to the start or end of a reference interval such as another input .
The reference interval is designated with time - ref - uri attribute .
This MAY be combined with time - ref - anchor - point attribute to specify whether the anchor point is the start or end of this interval .
The start of an input relative to this anchor point is then specified with offset - to - start attribute .
The time - ref - uri attribute can point to a custom - defined timestamp or can be , for example , a session identifier .
Examples :
Here is an example where the emotion " surprise " occurs two seconds after the reference time point :
< emotion id =" referenceAnger " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " start = " 1268647332000 " end =" 1268647334000 " > < category name= " anger " / >
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " time - ref-uri= " #referenceAnger " offset - to - start = " 2000 " > < category name= " surprise " /> </emotion >
It is possible to mix absolute and relative time points in an emotionml statement .
An emotional diary application for example might want to relate emotional statements to events that are marked up somewhere else .
Note that a time consistency check is not part of the specification :
< exampleXMLElementWithId id=" specialEvent " />
< emotion id =" yesterday " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " start = " 1268647332000 " end =" 1268647334000 " time - ref-uri= " #specialEvent " offset - to - start = " 2000 " > < category name= " anger " /> </emotion >
2.4.2.4 Timing in media
Annotation URI fragment : t Definition Attributes to denote start and endpoint of an annotation in a media stream .
Allowed values must be conform with the Media Fragments Specification [ Media Fragments ]
Occurrence
The URI fragment MAY occur in the uri attribute of a < reference > element .
Temporal clipping is denoted by the name t , and specified as an interval with a begin time and an end time .
Either or both may be omitted , with the begin time defaulting to 0 seconds and the end time defaulting to the duration of the source media .
The interval is half - open : the begin time is considered part of the interval whereas the end time is considered to be the first time point that is not part of the interval .
If a single number only is given , this is the begin time .
Temporal clipping can be specified either as Normal Play Time ( npt ) [ RFC 2326 ] , as SMPTE timecodes , [ SMPTE ] , or as real - world clock time ( clock ) [ RFC 2326 ] .
Begin and end times are always specified in the same format .
The format is specified by name , followed by a colon ( : ) , with npt : being the default .
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " happiness " is displayed in an audio file called " myAudio.wav " from the 3rd to the 9th second .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " happiness " /> < reference uri=" myAudio.wav#t=3,9 " /> </emotion >
In the following example , the emotion category " happiness " is displayed in a video file called " myVideo.avi " in SMPTE values , resulting in the time interval [ 120,121.5 ) .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " happiness " /> < reference uri=" myVideo.avi#t=smpte-30:0:02:00,0:02:01:15 " /> </emotion >
A last example states this in a video file in real - world clock time code , as a 1 min interval on 26th Jul 2009 from 11hrs , 19 min , 1sec .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " happiness " /> < reference uri=" myVideo.avi#t=clock:2009-07-26T11:19:01Z,2009-07-26T11:20:01 Z " /> </emotion >
2.5 Scale values
Scale values are needed to represent content in < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency > elements , as well as in confidence .
Representations of scale values can be static or dynamic .
A static , constant scale value is represented using the value attribute ; for dynamic values , their evolution over time is expressed using the < trace > element .
2.5.1
The value attribute
Annotation value Definition Representation of a static scale value .
The value of a value attribute MUST be a floating point value from the closed interval [ 0 , 1 ] .
Occurrence
The < dimension > element MUST contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element ; < category > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
The value attribute represents a static scale value of the enclosing element .
Conceptually , a scale can represent concepts that vary from " nothing " to " a lot " ( unipolar scales ) , or concepts that vary between two opposites , from " very negative " to " very positive " ( bipolar scales ) .
Both are represented in EmotionML using floating point values from the closed interval [ 0 , 1 ] .
The min and max values of the scale SHOULD be interpreted as the extreme values , for both unipolar and bipolar scales .
For example in a < category > , a value= " 0 " SHOULD be interpreted to mean absolutely no emotion ( emotionless ) ; a value = " 1.0 " SHOULD be interpreted to mean emotion at maximum intensity ( pure uncontrolled emotion ) .
For bipolar scales , such as the valence dimension , a value of 0 represents the most negative possible value , whereas a value of 1 represents the most positive value possible .
The neutral middle point of the scale is at 0.5 .
Here are several examples for the usage of scales with EmotionML .
< emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#fsre-dimensions " > < dimension name= " arousal " value= " 0.4 " /> <!-- a bit less than average arousal --> < dimension name= " valence " value= " 0.6 " /> <!-- a bit above average valence --> </emotion > < emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name = " angry " value= " 0.5 " /> <!-- anger at medium intensity --> </emotion > < emotion appraisal - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#scherer-appraisals " > < appraisal name = " suddenness " value= " 0.9 " /> <!-- appraisal as a very sudden event --> </emotion > < emotion action - tendency - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#frijda-action-tendencies " > < action - tendency name= " approach " value= " 0.3 " /> <!-- a rather weak tendency to approach --> </emotion >
Further examples of the value attribute can be found in the context of the < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency > elements .
2.5.2 The < trace > element
Annotation < trace > Definition Representation of the time evolution of a dynamic scale value .
Children None Attributes Required : freq , a sampling frequency in Hz .
The value of this attribute MUST be a positive floating point number , formatted e.g. " 10 " or " 10.5 " , followed by optional blank followed by " Hz " .
samples , a space - separated list of floating point values from the closed interval [ 0 , 1 ] representing the scale value of the enclosing element as it changes over time .
: Occurrence The < dimension > element MUST contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element ; < category > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency >
MAY contain either a value attribute or a < trace > element .
A < trace > element represents the time course of a scale value .
The freq attribute indicates the sampling frequency at which the values listed in the samples attribute are given .
NOTE : The < trace > representation requires a periodic sampling of values .
In order to represent values that are sampled aperiodically , separate < emotion > annotations with appropriate timing information and individual value attributes may be used .
Examples :
The following example illustrates the use of a trace to represent an episode of fear during which the emotion 's intensity is rising , first gradually , then quickly to a very high value .
Values are taken at a sampling frequency of 10 Hz , i.e. one value every 100 ms .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " > < category name= " fear " > < trace freq = " 10 Hz " samples =
" 0.1 0.1 0.15 0.2 0.2 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.3 0.3 0.35 0.5 0.7 0.8 0.85 0.85 " /> </ category > </emotion >
The following example combines a trace of the appraisal " suddenness " with a global confidence that the values represent the facts properly .
There is a sudden peak of suddenness ; the annotator is reasonably certain that the annotation is correct :
< emotion appraisal - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#scherer-appraisals " > < appraisal name=" suddenness " confidence = " 0.75 " > < trace freq = " 10 Hz " samples =
" 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.7 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.4 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 " /> </ appraisal > </emotion >
3 Defining vocabularies for representing emotions
EmotionML markup MUST refer to one or more vocabularies to be used for representing emotion - related states , as specified in the context of the < emotionml > and < emotion > elements .
Due to the lack of agreement in the community , the EmotionML specification does not preview a single default set which should apply if no set is indicated .
Instead , the user MUST explicitly state the set of descriptor names used .
The document [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] provides a number of emotion vocabularies which are likely to be of general interest .
In order to promote interoperability , users SHOULD verify if one of the vocabularies defined in that document is suitable for their application .
If that is not the case , users can define their own custom vocabularies as defined in the present section .
3.1 Mechanism for defining vocabularies
The syntax for defining emotion vocabularies is based on the element < vocabulary > and its child < item > .
3.1.1 The < vocabulary > element
Annotation < vocabulary > Definition Contains the definition of an emotion vocabulary .
Children A < vocabulary > element MUST contain one or more < item > elements .
A < vocabulary > element MAY contain a single < info > element , providing arbitrary metadata about the vocabulary itself .
Attributes Required : type , MUST be one of " category " , " dimension " , " appraisal " or " action - tendency " . id , a unique vocabulary identifier of type xsd : ID .
: Occurrence One or more < vocabulary > elements MAY occur as direct children of an < emotionml > element .
Vocabulary definitions , when present , occur as direct children of the document root element < emotionml > .
It is possible to refer to a vocabulary defined in the same or in a separate EmotionML document , through URIs specified by the values of the attributes category - set , dimension - set , appraisal - set and action - tendency - set of the < emotion > and < emotionml > elements .
The value of the type attribute explicitly states whether the vocabulary represents category names , dimension elements , appraisal elements or action tendency elements .
3.1.2 The < item > element
Annotation < item >
Definition Represents the definition of one vocabulary item , associated with a value which can be used in the " name " attribute of < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > or < action - tendency > ( depending on the type of vocabulary being defined ) .
Children An < item > element MAY contain a single < info > element , providing arbitrary metadata about the vocabulary item .
Attributes Required : name : a name for the item , used to refer to this item .
An < item > MUST NOT have the same name as any other < item > within the same < vocabulary > .
: Occurrence One or more < item > elements occur as direct children of a < vocabulary > element .
An < item > represents the definition of one vocabulary item .
A < vocabulary > MUST contain at least one < item > element .
Examples :
In the following example , three vocabularies are wrapped into a single EmotionML document .
Their id attributes are : " big6 " , " fsre-dimensions " and " frijda - subset " .
They are used to represent categories , dimensions and action tendencies respectively .
The first < emotion > element specifies the emotion vocabularies used through the attributes category - set and action - tendency - set , while the second < emotion > element uses the attribute dimension - set .
< emotionml version = " 1.0 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " >
<!--
Vocabulary definitions --> < vocabulary type=" category " id = " big6 " > < item name = " anger " /> < item name = " disgust " /> < item name = " fear " /> < item name = " happiness " /> < item name= " sadness " /> < item name = " surprise " /> </ vocabulary > < vocabulary type =" dimension " id = " fsre-dimensions " > < item name= " valence " /> < item name= " potency " /> < item name= " arousal " /> < item name= " unpredictability " /> </ vocabulary > < vocabulary type=" action - tendency " id =" frijda - subset " > < item name = " approach " /> < item name= " avoidance " /> < item name = " rejecting " /> </ vocabulary > <!-- Emotion elements --> < emotion category - set= " #big6 " action - tendency - set= " # frijda- subset " > < category name= " fear " /> < action - tendency name= " approach " value= " 0.0 " /> < action - tendency name= " avoidance " value= " 0.9 " /> </emotion > < emotion dimension - set= " #fsre-dimensions " > < dimension name= " arousal " value = " 0.3 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
3.2 Mechanism for referring to vocabularies
EmotionML refers to emotion vocabularies using the category - set , dimension - set , appraisal - set and action - tendency - set attributes of < emotion > and < emotionml > .
A vocabulary can be referred to using the Fragment Identifier syntax described in [ RFC 3023 ] .
As described in the [ XPointer Framework ]
Shorthand Pointer notation , the value of the vocabulary 's id attribute is to be used as the fragment identifier .
The following example demonstrates the use of this notation .
Note that the EmotionML document residing at http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml defines an emotion category vocabulary with an attribute id =" big6 " .
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " >
4 Conformance
4.1 EmotionML namespace
The EmotionML namespace is " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " .
All EmotionML elements MUST use this namespace .
4.2 Use with other namespaces
The EmotionML namespace is intended to be used with other XML namespaces as per the Namespaces in XML Recommendation ( 1.0 [ XML - NS10 ] or 1.1 [ XML - NS11 ] , depending on the version of XML being used ) .
4.3 Schema validation and processor validation of EmotionML documents
The EmotionML schema is designed to validate the structural integrity of an EmotionML document or document fragment , but cannot verify whether the emotion descriptors used in the name attribute of < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > and < action - tendency > are consistent with the vocabularies indicated in the respective category - set , dimension - set , appraisal - set and action - tendency - set attributes .
It is the responsibility of an EmotionML processor to verify that the use of descriptor names and values is consistent with the vocabulary definition .
There are also a variety of test assertions that can not be validated by the schema but lie in the reponsibility ot the EmotionML producer .
4.4 Conforming EmotionML Documents
A document is a Conforming Stand - Alone EmotionML
Document if it meets both the following conditions :
4.5 Conforming EmotionML Fragments
A document fragment is a Conforming EmotionML Fragment if it conforms to the criteria for Conforming EmotionML Documents after adding a surrounding emotionml root element .
4.6 Conforming EmotionML Processors
A Conforming EmotionML
Processor must correctly understand and apply the semantics of each markup element as described by this document .
There is , however , no conformance requirement with respect to performance characteristics of the EmotionML Processor .
For instance , no statement is required regarding the accuracy , speed or other characteristics of output produced by the processor .
No statement is made regarding the size of input that an EmotionML Processor is required to support .
4.6.1 Conforming EmotionML Producers
An EmotionML Producer is an EmotionML Processor that can produce Conforming EmotionML Documents .
4.6.2 Conforming EmotionML Consumers
An EmotionML Consumer is an EmotionML Processor that can parse and process Conforming EmotionML Documents .
When a Conforming EmotionML Consumer encounters markup that it cannot interpret , e.g. misspelled element names or attribute values like category or dimension set values that it does n't know about , it may :
ignore the non-standard elements and / or attributes
or , process the non-standard elements and / or attributes
or , reject the document containing those elements and / or attributes
5 Examples
This section is informative .
5.1 Examples of emotion annotation
5.1.1 Manual annotation of emotional material
Annotation of text
A part of Lewis Carroll 's " Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland " gets annotated with emotions .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < info > < meta:doc >Example adapted from ( Zhang , Black & Sproat 2003 )
http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~awb/papers/eurospeech2003/esper.pdf </meta:doc > </ info> < emotion > < category name = " Disgust " value = " 0.82 " />
‘ Come , there ’s no use in crying like that !’ < /emotion > said Alice to herself rather sharply ; < emotion > < category name = " Anger " value = " 0.57 " />
‘ I advise you to leave off this minute !’ </emotion > </emotionml >
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < emotion > < category name = " Disgust " value = " 0.82 " />
Peter was angry < category name = " Anger " value = " 0.57 " /> and disgusted .
< / emotion > </emotionml >
Annotation of static images
An image gets annotated with several emotion categories at the same time , but different intensities .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " category - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/hall-matsumoto-emotions.xml " > < info > < meta:media-type>image</meta:media-type > < meta:media-id>disgust</meta:media-id > < meta:media-set> JACFEE-database</meta:media-set > < meta:doc >Example adapted from ( Hall & Matsumoto 2004 ) http://davidmatsumoto.com/content/2004%20hall%20and%20matsumoto.pdf </meta:doc > </ info> < emotion > < category name = " Disgust " value = " 0.82 " /> < category name = " Contempt " value = " 0.35 " /> < category name = " Anger " value = " 0.12 " /> < category name = " Surprise " value = " 0.53 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
Annotation of videos
Example 1 : Annotation of a whole video : several emotions are annotated with different intensities .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " category - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/humaine-database-labels.xml " > < info > < meta:media-type>video</meta:media-type > < meta:media-name>ed1_4</meta:media-name > < meta:media-set> humaine database</meta:media-set > < meta:coder-set >JM-AB-UH</meta:coder-set > </ info > < emotion > < category name = " Amusement " value = " 0.52 " /> < category name= " Irritation " value = " 0.63 " /> < category name = " Relaxed " value = " 0.02 " /> < category name= " Frustration " value = " 0.87 " /> < category name = " Calm " value = " 0.21 " /> < category name= " Friendliness " value = " 0.28 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
Example 2 : Annotation of a video segment , where two emotions are annotated for overlapping but not identical timespans .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " category - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/emotv-labels.xml " > < info > < meta:media-type>video</meta:media-type > < meta:media-name>ext-03</meta:media-name > < meta:media-set>EmoTV</meta:media-set > < meta:coder>4</meta:coder > </ info > < emotion > < category name= " irritation " value = " 0.46 " /> < reference uri=" file:ext03.avi?t=3.24,15.4 " > < /emotion > < emotion > < category name = " despair " value = " 0.48 " /> < reference uri=" file:ext03.avi?t=5.15,17.9 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
5.1.2 Automatic recognition of emotions
This example shows how automatically annotated data from three affective sensor devices might be stored or communicated .
It shows an excerpt of an episode experienced on 23 November 2001 from 14:36 onwards ( absolute start time is 1006526160000 milliseconds since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 GMT ) .
Each device detects an emotion , but at slightly different times and for different durations .
The next entry of observed emotions occurs about 6 minutes later ( absolute start time is 1006526520000 milliseconds since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 GMT ) .
Only the physiology sensor has detected a short glimpse of anger , for the visual and IR camera it was below their individual threshold so no entry from them .
For simplicity , all devices use categorical annotations and the same set of categories .
Obviously it would be possible , and even likely , that different devices from different manufacturers provide their data annotated with different emotion sets .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > ... < emotion start = " 1006526160000 " expressed - through = " face " >
<!-- the first modality detects excitement .
It is a camera observing the face .
A URI to the database is provided to access the video stream .--> < category name = " excited " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/facedb#t=26,98 " /> </emotion > < emotion start = " 1006526160000 " expressed - through = " facial - skin-color " >
<!-- the second modality detects anger .
It is an IR camera observing the face .
A URI to the database is provided to access the video stream .--> < category name= " angry " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/skindb#t=23,108 "/> </emotion > < emotion start = " 1006526160000 " expressed - through = " physiology " >
<!-- the third modality detects excitement again .
It is a wearable device monitoring physiological changes in the body .
A URI to the database is provided to access the data stream .-->
< category name = " excited " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/physiodb#t=19,101 "/> </emotion > < emotion start = " 1006526520000 " expressed - through = " physiology " > < category name= " angry " /> < reference uri= " http://www.example.com/physiodb2#t=2,6 " /> </emotion > ... </emotionml >
Note that handling of complex emotions is not explicitly specified .
This example assumes that parallel occurrences of emotions will be determined on the time stamp .
5.1.3 Generation of emotion - related system behavior
Generation of facial expressions in an MPEG - 4 face model
The MPEG - 4 standard offers 68 parameters , called Facial Animation Parameters FAPs , to animate a 3D facial model .
66 of these parameters correspond to low level parameters .
These parameters act on the facial feature points defining a 3D facial model .
They specify how these feature points are displaced .
They simulate muscular contraction .
On the other hand , two FAPs , namely FAP1 and FAP2 , refer respectively to viseme and expression .
FAP2 corresponds to one of the six basic facial expressions ( anger , disgust , fear , happiness , sadness and surprise ) .
The expressions associated to the six emotions are defined by textual descriptions [ Ostermann , 2002 ] .
In emotion theory , the idea of mixing emotions to create new emotions is disputed .
For the purposes of facial expression modeling , however , it is possible to simulate different emotions as linear combinations of the six basic facial expressions .
MPEG - 4 allows the linear combination of any two of these expressions : emotion_1 * intensity_1 + emotion_2 * intensity_2 .
For example , [ Raouzaiou et al. , 2005 ] found that the expressions of depression and guilt can be obtained by combinations of fear and sadness with different intensities , while the expression of suspicion is obtained by combining anger and disgust .
In EmotionML it is possible to represent the emotional input to an MPEG - 4 based facial animation system using multiple < category > elements , for example as follows .
< emotion xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#big6 " >
<!-- attempt to express suspicion as a combination of anger and disgust --> < category name = " anger " value = " 0.5 " /> < category name = " disgust " value= " 0.3 " /> </emotion >
Generation of robot behavior
The following example describes various aspects of an emotionally competent robot whose battery is nearly empty .
The robot is in a global state of high arousal , negative pleasure and low dominance , i.e. a negative state of distress paired with some urgency but quite limited power to influence the situation .
It has a tendency to seek a recharge and to avoid picking up boxes .
However , sensor data displays an unexpected obstacle on the way to the charging station .
This triggers planning of expressive behavior of frowning .
The annotations are grouped into a stand - alone EmotionML document here ; in the real world , the various aspects would more likely be embedded into different specialized markup in various parts of the Robot architecture .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:meta= " http://www.example.com/metadata " > < info > < meta : name > robbie the robot example < / meta:name > </info > <!--
Robot 's current global state configuration : negative , active , powerless --> < emotion dimension - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#pad-dimensions " > < dimension name= " pleasure " value = " 0.2 " /> < dimension name= " arousal " value = " 0.8 " /> < dimension name = " dominance " value= " 0.3 " /> </emotion > <!--
Robot 's action tendencies : want to recharge --> < emotion action - tendency - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/action/robot.xml " > < action - tendency name= " charge - battery " value= " 0.9 " /> < action - tendency name = " seek - shelter " value = " 0.7 " /> < action - tendency name= " pickup - boxes " value = " 0.1 " /> </emotion > <!--
Appraised value of incoming event : obstacle detected , appraised as novel and unpleasant --> < emotion appraisal - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#scherer-appraisals " > < appraisal name =" suddenness " value = " 0.8 " confidence = " 0.4 " />
< appraisal name= " intrinsic - pleasantness " value = " 0.2 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> < reference role= " triggeredBy " uri=" file: scannerdata.xml#obstacle27 " /> </emotion > <!--
Robot 's planned facial gestures : will frown --> < emotion category - set = " http://www.example.com/custom/robot-emotions.xml " expressed - through = " face " > < category name= " frustration " /> < reference role= " expressedBy " uri=" file : behavior - repository.xml#frown " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
5.2 Examples of possible use with other markup languages
One intended use of EmotionML is as a plug - in for existing markup languages .
For compatibility with text - annotating markup languages such as SSML , EmotionML avoids the use of text nodes .
All EmotionML information is encoded in element and attribute structures .
This section illustrates the concept using three existing W3C markup languages : EMMA , SSML , and SMIL .
5.2.1 Use with EMMA
EMMA is made for representing arbitrary analysis results ; one of them could be the emotional state .
The following example represents an analysis of a non-verbal vocalization ; its emotion is described as a low - intensity state , maybe boredom .
< emma:emma version = " 1.0 " xmlns:emma= " http://www.w3.org/2003/04/emma " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " >
< emma:interpretation emma:start= " 1245790094000 " emma:end = " 1245790095000 " emma:mode = " voice " emma:verbal = " false " >
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name= " bored " value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.1 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > </emma:emma >
In the following example , the EMMA < emma:derivation > element is used to represent multiple emotion interpretations associated with audio and video media sources .
The first and the third interpretations specify the same emotion category , " content " , while the result of the second one is " amused " .
The consolidated emotion is the result of some processing made on the interpretations included in the derivation element .
In this case it is " content " , which is the most frequent category within the available interpretations .
< emma:emma version = " 1.0 " xmlns:emma= " http://www.w3.org/2003/04/emma " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < emma:derivation > < emma:interpretation id =" text1 " emma:start = " 1245790094000 " emma:end = " 1245790095000 " emma:mode = " voice " emma:verbal = " true " emma:signal = " http://example.com/signals/emo123.wav " emma:process= " http://example.com/text_analysis.xml " > < emma:literal > I feel happy < / emma:literal > < emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name= " content " value = " 0.7 " confidence = " 0.7 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > < emma:interpretation id=" voice1 " emma:start = " 1245790094000 " emma:end = " 1245790095000 " emma:mode = " voice " emma:verbal = " false " emma:signal = " http://example.com/signals/emo123.wav " emma:process= " http://example.com/voice_analysis.xml " >
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name = " amused " value = " 0.4 " confidence = " 0.5 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > < emma:interpretation id =" video1 " emma:start = " 1245790090000 " emma:end = " 1245790100000 " emma:mode = " video " emma:verbal = " false " emma:signal = " http://example.com/signals/emo123.mpg " emma:process= " http://example.com/video_analysis.xml " >
< emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < category name= " content " value = " 0.5 " confidence = " 0.7 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > </emma:derivation > < emma:interpretation id =" multimodal1 " emma:start = " 1245790094000 " emma:end = " 1245790100000 " emma:medium=" acoustic visual " emma:mode = " voice video " > < emma:derived - from resource= " #text1 " composite = " true " /> < emma:derived - from resource= " #voice1 " composite = " true " /> < emma:derived - from resource= " #video1 " composite = " true " /> < emotion category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " >
< category name= " content " value = " 0.6 " confidence = " 0.7 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > </emma:emma >
5.2.2 Use with SSML
EmotionML could be used with the Speech Synthesis Markup Language SSML as follows .
It is possible with [ SSML 1.1 ] to use arbitrary markup belonging to a different namespace anywhere in an SSML document ; only SSML processors that support the markup would take it into account .
Therefore , it is possible to insert EmotionML below , for example , an < s > element representing a sentence ; the intended meaning is that the enclosing sentence should be spoken with the given emotion , in this case a moderately worried tone of voice :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < speak version = " 1.1 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis " xmlns:emo= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xml:lang= " en - US " > < s > < emo:emotion category - set= " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " > < emo:category name= " worried " value = " 0.4 " /> </emo:emotion >
Do you need help ?
</s> </ speak >
5.2.3 Use with SMIL
Using EmotionML for the use case of generating system behavior requires elements of scheduling and surface form realization which are not part of EmotionML .
Necessarily , this use case relies on other languages to provide the needed functionality .
This is in line with the aim of EmotionML to serve as a specialized plug - in language .
This example illustrates the idea in terms of a simplified version of a storytelling application .
A virtual agent tells a story using voice and facial animation .
The expression in face and voice is influenced by the rendering engine in terms of EmotionML .
The engine in this example uses SMIL [ SMIL ] for defining the temporal relation between events ; EmotionML is used via SMIL 's generic < ref > element .
In general it is the engine which knows how to render the emotion in the virtual agent 's expressive capabilities .
To override this , the second < emotion > contains an explicit request to realize the emotional expression using both face and voice modalities .
ridinghood.smil :
< smil xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/ns/SMIL " version = " 3.0 " > < head > ... </ head > < body > < par duration = " 8s " > < img src=" file:forest.jpg " /> < smileText > The little girl was enjoying the walk in the forest .</smileText > < ref src=" file:ridinghood.emotionml#emotion1 " /> </ par > < par duration = " 5s " > < img src=" file:wolf.jpg " /> < smileText > Suddenly a dark shadow appeared in front of her.</smileText > < ref src=" file:ridinghood.emotionml#emotion2 " /> </ par > </ body > </smil >
ridinghood.emotionml :
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " category - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#everyday-categories " appraisal - set = " http://www.w3.org/TR/emotion-voc/xml#scherer-appraisals " > < emotion id =" emotion1 " > < category name= " content " value = " 0.7 " /> </emotion > < emotion id =" emotion2 " expressed - through = " face voice " > < category name= " afraid " value= " 0.9 " /> < appraisal name = " suddenness " value= " 0.9 " /> < appraisal name= " intrinsic -pleasantness " value= " 0.1 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
Similar principles for decoupling emotion markup from the temporal organization of generating system behavior can be applied using other representations , including interactive setups .
6 References
6.1 Normative references
6.2 Informative references
7 Acknowledgments
The authors wish to acknowledge the contributions by all members of the Multimodal Interaction Working Group , the Emotion Markup Language Incubator Group and the Emotion Incubator Group , as well as the participants to the W3C Workshop on EmotionML , in particular the following persons ( in alphabetic order ) :
Kazuyuki Ashimura , W3C
Andrew Breen , Nuance Communications
Roddy Cowie , Queen 's University Belfast
Deborah Dahl , Conversational Technologies
Sarah Jane Delany , Dublin Institute of Technology
Dylan Evans , University College Cork
Nestor Garay Vitoria , University of the Basque Country
Alain Giboin , INRIA Sophia Antipolis
Bill Jarrold , SRI International
Michael Johnston , AT&T
Kostas Karpouzis , Image , Video and Multimedia Systems Lab ( IVML - NTUA )
Myriam Lamolle , University of Paris VIII
Tim Llewellyn , nViso
Jean - Claude Martin , CNRS
Alessandro Oltramari , CNR
Hannes Pirker , Austrian Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence
Björn Schuller , Technische Universität München
Jianhua Tao , Chinese Academy of Sciences
Ian Wilson , Emotion AI
Gill Windall , University of Greenwich
Idoia Zearreta , University of the Basque Country
Appendix A. XML Schema
This section is Normative .
This section defines the formal syntax for EmotionML documents in terms of a normative XML Schema .
The latest version of the XML Schema for Conforming Stand - Alone EmotionML Documents is available at http://www.w3.org/TR/emotionml/emotionml.xsd.
The latest version of the XML Schema for Conforming EmotionML Document Fragments is available at http://www.w3.org/TR/emotionml/emotionml-fragments.xsd.
For stability it is RECOMMENDED that you use the dated URI available at http://www.w3.org/TR/2014/REC-emotionml-20140522/emotionml.xsd and http://www.w3.org/TR/2014/REC-emotionml-20140522/emotionml-fragments.xsd, respectively .
Appendix B. MIME type
This section is Normative .
This appendix registers a new MIME media type , " application / emotionml+xml " .
The " application / emotionml+xml " media type is registered with IANA at http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/application/.
B.1 Registration of MIME media type application / emotionml+xml MIME media type name : application MIME subtype name : emotionml+xml Required parameters : None .
Optional parameters : charset
This parameter has identical semantics to the charset parameter of the application / xml media type as specified in [ RFC 3023 ] or its successor .
Encoding considerations :
By virtue of EmotionML content being XML , it has the same considerations when sent as " application / emotionml+xml " as does XML .
See RFC 3023 ( or its successor ) , section 3.2 .
Security considerations : EmotionML elements may include arbitrary URIs .
Therefore the security issues of [ RFC 3986 ] , section 7 , should be considered .
In addition , because of the extensibility features for EmotionML , it is possible that " application / emotionml+xml " will describe content that has security implications beyond those described here .
However , if the processor follows only the normative semantics of this specification , this content will be ignored .
Only in the case where the processor recognizes and processes the additional content , or where further processing of that content is dispatched to other processors , would security issues potentially arise .
And in that case , they would fall outside the domain of this registration document .
Interoperability considerations :
This specification describes processing semantics that dictate the required behavior for dealing with , among other things , unrecognized elements .
Because EmotionML is extensible , conformant " application / emotionml+xml " processors MAY expect that content received is well - formed XML , but processors SHOULD NOT assume that the content is valid EmotionML or expect to recognize all of the elements and attributes in the document .
Published specification :
This media type registration is extracted from Appendix B of the " Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 " specification .
Additional information : Magic number(s ) :
There is no single initial octet sequence that is always present in EmotionML documents .
File extension(s ) : EmotionML documents are most often identified with the extensions " .emotionml " . Macintosh File Type Code(s ) : TEXT Person & email address to contact for further information : Kazuyuki Ashimura , < ashimura@w3.org >.
Intended usage : COMMON Restrictions on usage : None .
Author : The EmotionML specification is a work product of the World Wide Web Consortium 's Multimodal Interaction Working Group .
Change controller : The W3C has change control over these specifications .
B.2 Fragment Identifiers
For documents labeled as " application / emotionml+xml " , the fragment identifier notation is exactly that for " application / xml " , as specified in RFC 3023 .
Appendix C : Changes
This section is informative .
Changes in the Recommendation
This section summarizes the changes since the Proposed Recommendation of 16 April 2013 .
We added clarifications to the following sections : 2.1.2 : Note on children of < emotion > element 2.4.2.2 : Note on co-existence of duration and end attributes 2.4.2.3 : Note on the mixture of absolute and relative time points ;
The example code is also updated .
4.3 : Note on schema validation 5.1.1 : Note on having more than one emotion at the same time ; Another example is also added for clarification purposes .
We changed the status of MIME type registration in Appendix B and described the EmotionML MIME type is now registered with IANA .
We fixed a few typos and updated the EmotionML Schema file ( emotionml - fragments.xsd ) .
Note that we fixed several errors and typos in the Vocabularies for EmotionML Working Group Note based on the recent public comments and republished the document .
Changes in the Proposed Recommendation
This section summarizes the changes since the Candidate Recommendation of 10 May 2012 .
We changed the prefix of the namespace in all examples consistently to " emo " .
We fixed a typo in the example vocabularies from " agnostic " to " agonistic " .
We clarified that only blank is optionally allowed before " Hz " in the spec and the xsd
We clarified , that " The value of this attribute MUST be a positive floating point number , formatted e.g. " 10 " or " 10.5 " , followed by optional blank followed by " Hz " .
We replaced " \d +( \.\d* ) ?\s* Hz " by " \d + ( \.\d+ ) ? ? Hz " in the xsd to restrict whitespace on blank .
Changes in the Candidate Recommendation
This section summarizes the changes since the Last Call Working Draft of 07 April 2011 .
The use cases motivating the reasons for defining EmotionML now mention several ways how EmotionML can benefit people with disabilities ;
the time stamp values used in the examples throughout the document now correctly use milliseconds rather than seconds ;
The concept of a ' declared vocabulary ' was introduced to clarify the requirements and scope for the references to vocabularies used , such as category - set etc .
The term is defined in the glossary and is used in the attribute occurrence definitions for < emotionml > and < emotion > as well as the emotion representations < category > , < dimension > , < appraisal > , and < action - tendency > ;
etc .
The term is defined in the glossary and is used in the attribute occurrence definitions for and as well as the emotion representations , , , and ; The specification now clarifies the fact that < emotionml > and < emotion > may contain arbitrary text ;
and may contain arbitrary text ; the formulations for occurrence constraints and value ranges for several attributes and elements were clarified , notably the version , value , < trace > , confidence , < info > , freq ;
, , , , , ; Section 3.2 was added to make fully explicit the mechanism to be used for referring to emotion vocabularies ;
the Conformance section was expanded to include explicit definitions of conforming EmotionML documents and processors ;
An XML Schema for EmotionML was added in Appendix A ;
A MIME - type for EmotionML is defined in Appendix B .
Changes in the Last Call Working Draft ( 07 April 2011 )
Changes specific to EmotionML
The document now distinguishes between normative and non-normative sections .
A mechanism for defining emotion vocabularies was specified .
The definitions of emotion vocabularies were moved from the specification into a dedicated W3C Working Draft [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] .
The < category > element was harmonized with the other emotion descriptors to allow a value attribute or a < trace > child element indicating the intensity of that category .
Multiple < category > elements are now allowed within a single < emotion > to reflect the possible co-presence of these categories .
The < intensity > element was removed since the usual use is now covered by the value attribute in < category > .
The specification of scale values through the value attribute or the < trace > child element was made optional for < appraisal > and < action - tendency > elements , in order to allow for the possibility to merely represent the fact that a certain appraisal or action tendency is present , irrespective of its intensity .
A mechanism for indicating duration and relative timestamps was added .
More examples were added to illustrate possible uses of the < info > element for representing metadata .
An example was added to illustrate the use of EmotionML in the context of predicting mixed emotions in an MPEG - 4 - based facial animation model .
An example was added to illustrate the use of EMMA for representing the derivation of a consolidated emotion from individual emotion observations .
All examples were updated to be consistent with [ Vocabularies for EmotionML ] where appropriate .
Consistency issues with other W3C specifications
To avoid confusion with the emma : mode attribute in [ EMMA ] , the modality attribute was renamed to expressed - through .
Changes in Working Draft 2 ( 29 July 2010 )
Changes specific to EmotionML
A mechanism for pointing to emotion vocabularies was agreed .
An emotion vocabulary is now identified by a URI in the attributes category - set , dimension - set , appraisal - set and action - tendency - set of < emotion > or , in the sense of a document - wide default , of < emotionml > .
The consistency of an EmotionML annotation with the indicated vocabulary must be verified by an EmotionML processor ; it cannot be verified using Schema validation .
The section on validation was updated accordingly .
A collection of emotion vocabularies was compiled which may be useful defaults for many users .
The list is incomplete and not fully developed , but is already published in this form to elicit feedback .
The notion of Scale values was simplified to only allow for continuous values in the range [ 0; 1 ] .
The notion of a confidence - trace was dropped for simplicity .
" Unnamed register , containing the text of the last delete or yank % Current filename # Alternate file name * Clipboard contents ( X11 : primary selection ) +
Clipboard contents /
Last search pattern : Last command - line .
Last inserted text - Last small ( less than a line ) delete = Explanation ahead
: registers
The = sign
=
system
stdout
#!/usr/bin/ruby print rand ( 100 )
~/ruby/random.rb
< C-r >
=
system
=system ('~/ruby/random.rb ')
:imap < C-j>d < C-r>=system ('~/ruby/random.rb ' ) < CR >
imap
< CR >
<C-j>d
The mini calculator
< C-r >=
<C-r>=5 * 3 + 4 < CR >
19
During the Vietnam War , President Lyndon Johnson and the military argued that we had to win in order to prevent communism from taking over other nations in the vicinity , the so - called domino theory .
The military asserted repeatedly that provided we sent over more troops , they could win the war .
They also argued that we needed to get the local people on our side , which , not surprisingly , we were never able to do .
Government officials argued that we could not leave Southeast Asia because that would be admitting defeat ; the families that had lost loved ones would feel their sons and daughters had died in vain .
Unfortunately , over 58,000 did die in vain .
Another 150,000 plus Americans were wounded .
Those figures ignore the million - plus North Vietnamese who lost their lives and the quarter of a million South Vietnamese who were killed .
What did we get out of the war ?
Nothing !
Cambodia and Laos both did go communist , as did South Vietnam .
Forty years later , this no longer matters .
Now we have good relations with Vietnam and Cambodia .
Tourists visit those countries by the thousands .
Trade with them is booming .
Had we not entered the war or had we abandoned it earlier , we could have established relations with Indochina sooner and avoided such horrendous casualties .
The only thing to show for this war is a poignant monument in Washington , D.C. , to the fallen .
Nearly 40 years later , after 9/11 , the U.S. became angry and sent its military to get revenge .
First we invaded Afghanistan , which had housed Osama bin Laden and his aides , even though Afghanistan proper had had nothing to do with the attacks on New York and Washington .
In fact , the perpetrators had planned their operation in Hamburg , Germany .
The ringleader was from Egypt ; 15 of the terrorists were from Saudi Arabia ; three were from the United Arab Emirates ; and one was from Jordan .
Right from the first , a number of neocons in President George W. Bush ’s administration believed we should attack Iraq , a country that had actually been hated by bin Laden .
In Afghanistan , the administration failed to pursue Osama bin Laden actively , leaving it up to the local warlords to go after him in the mountains of Tora Bora .
The locals and al - Qaeda agreed on a brief truce , which gave the latter the time to escape , probably into Pakistan .
The U.S. then turned its attention to conquering Iraq .
In March 2003 our troops invaded that country .
Thus , within two years of 9/11 , we had attacked two countries that had nothing to do with that strike , and our troops are still in both .
Initially , our objective in Afghanistan was to capture or kill Osama bin Laden and his aides .
As everyone knows , that effort failed .
We also wanted to eliminate a refuge and hideout for al - Qaeda , and we may have succeeded in that .
According to CIA reports , there are probably fewer than 100 operatives from that group in the country .
Reports are that the Taliban has severed relations with al - Qaeda , who are no longer using Afghanistan as a safe haven .
Our objective in Iraq has never been clear .
Except for removing their military dictator , Saddam Hussein , from office , our purpose in going into Iraq remains confused .
There are many nasty dictators in the world ; why take out this one ?
We claimed that there were weapons of mass destruction in that country , a claim which turned out to be untrue .
But even if Saddam had had nuclear weapons , and few claimed that he did , the military in such a poor country had no means of using them against the United States .
Whether the U.S. has now established a democracy in Iraq is a matter of definition .
What passes for a government in that country is riven with ethnic and religious divisions .
Four months after electing a new parliament , the political leaders are unable to agree on who is to have what job .
For what purpose are we remaining in Afghanistan and in Iraq ?
We may be leaving the latter country , although our military seems reluctant to go .
It is argued that the country will dissolve into civil war once our troops are gone .
But can our troops do anything about a civil struggle ?
And should they do something ?
To the extent Americans become involved , we will be seen as playing favorites .
We have already lost over 4,400 soldiers in that country , and staying longer mean more fatalities and more casualties .
For what purpose ?
The reasons given for staying in Afghanistan are even more specious .
Proponents of fighting in that mountainous country assert that we cannot simply leave , for the Taliban would take it over .
That seems improbable .
Even before 2001 , the Taliban had been unable to control the whole country .
A number of provinces were ruled by warlords and not by the religious fanatics .
The articulated U.S. objective has been to establish a viable government in the capital , Kabul , and extend its control over the whole country .
This is a country in which most men and women cannot read .
Transparency International rates it as the second most corrupt country in the world , behind only Somalia .
There is no possibility of securing an efficient , honest government , a police force that is not corrupt , and a military that is effective .
Even if we stay 10 years or longer we cannot achieve this goal .
Pulling out of Afghanistan will result in the Taliban ’s taking over much of the country .
That will be terrible for the women , who will be deprived of education , medical care , and many rights .
It will , however , save American lives , which are now being lost at rates comparable to the losses in Iraq during the worst years .
If the U.S. stays longer , even 10 years more , it will not result in a significantly better government .
For one thing , it is impossible to educate people that fast , nor can you eliminate corruption that quickly .
NATO troops have so far been unable to provide security in most of Afghanistan ’s southern provinces .
The one bright spot from pulling our troops out is that the Taliban will probably be more effective than the West in eliminating poppy growing , the staple of the heroin trade .
Prior to our invasion , the Taliban had stamped out much of the drug trade as un-Islamic .
There is no purpose for the U.S. to stay longer in either of these wars .
Keeping troops in Iraq and Afghanistan will only lead to more mothers who have lost children , wives who have lost husbands , husbands who have lost wives , and children who have lost parents .
For just under a year , the ECB has offered € 442 billion to encourage lending .
Instead , and easily predictable , the program did not increase lending and did nothing more than allow weak banks to roll over debts .
The program is now ending and Spanish banks are screaming about the ECB 's " obligation to supply liquidity " .
The Wall Street Journal has part of the story in ECB Walks a Fine Line Siphoning Off Its Liquidity .
The European Central Bank is scrambling to reassure markets that Thursday 's expiration of a € 442 billion ( $ 547.46 billion ) bank - lending program wo n't destabilize the financial system , even as banks across the region remain wary of lending to one another .
The ECB introduced the 12 - month lending facility last summer to encourage private - sector lending and ensure adequate liquidity within the 16 - member currency bloc .
Since then , the program , which represents more than half the ECB 's liquidity operations , has become a lifeline to banks in Greece , Spain and other countries hit by the region 's debt crisis .
The cost of borrowing euros in the interbank market rose to an eight - month high Monday , as banks prepared for the one - year loan 's expiration .
The euro slid on worries that repayment will expose Europe 's financial system to new threats .
Yields on German bunds , seen as a haven , fell .
Some investors worry that vulnerable euro - area banks , unable to borrow in the interbank market , could have difficulty replacing that funding , despite repeated assurances from the ECB that it will provide funds on similar terms , albeit for only three months , beginning Wednesday .
" We are confident that this very large financial transaction can take place without disruptions , " ECB governing council member Ewald Nowotny said Friday .
Spanish Banks Whine About the " Obligation " to Supply Liquidity
Spanish banks have been lobbying the European Central Bank to act to ease the systemic fallout from the expiry of a € 442bn ( $ 542 bn ) funding programme this week , accusing the central bank of “ absurd ” behaviour in not renewing the scheme .
One senior bank executive said : “ Any central bank has to have the obligation to supply liquidity .
But this is not the policy of the ECB .
We are fighting them every day on this .
It ’s absurd . ”
Another top director said : “ The ECB ’s policy is that they do n’t want to provide maturity of more than three months .
But they have to adapt . ”
A special offer of six - day liquidity will tide banks over until the following week ’s regular offer of seven - day funds .
On Wednesday , the ECB will also be offering unlimited three month liquidity , and further offers of three - month liquidity will keep banks going until at least the end of the year .
“ The system is just not working , ” agrees Simon Samuels , banks analyst at Barclays Capital in London .
“ We ’re approaching the third year of liquidity support and still the market cannot survive unaided . ”
Spain and Greece Will Both Default
How much longer the ECB is willing to throw good money after bad
How much longer Germany will put up with ECB policy
How much longer the market will put up with this extend and pretend nonsense
How much longer Greece and Spain are willing to put up with austerity measures
They say you 're never too old to learn , but one sheriff who ran afoul of the First Amendment wo n't have a choice .
A federal judge upbraided Osceola County , Iowa , Sheriff Douglas L. Weber this week for denying a concealed weapon permit to an Iowa man because he engaged in frequent political advocacy .
So egregious were the sheriff 's actions , the judge found , that the judge ordered Weber back to school for a court approved course on the Constitution .
See here for story in the Sioux City Journal .
( h/t : The Volokh Conspiracy )
" In denying Paul a concealed weapons permit , Sheriff Weber single - handedly hijacked the First Amendment and nullified its freedoms and protections , " wrote Federal Judge Mark Bennett in the opinion .
" Ironically , Sheriff Weber , sworn to uphold the Constitution , in fact retaliated against a citizen of his county who used this important freedom of speech and association precisely in the manner envisioned by the founding members of our nation . "
Paul Dorr , who filed the suit , was denied the permit because people considered him strange as a result of his political activities , which included gathering information on the size of the county budget .
By way of explanation for the denial , Weber wrote on Dorr 's application , " Concern from Public .
Do n't trust him . "
Bennett writes in his ruling that it is often difficult to determine what drives an individual 's decisions in a case like this , but Weber 's testimony was so forthcoming that it did n't leave a shred of doubt .
This story was updated at 4:25 p.m. ET .
A key Senate committee on Thursday approved an authorization bill that would allow NASA to add one more space shuttle mission before retiring the fleet , and press forward with ambitious plans to send astronauts to an asteroid and on to Mars .
After months of debate and criticism , the Senate 's Commerce , Science and Transportation committee passed the NASA authorization bill by a unanimous vote .
The bill will now move up to the full senate for review .
? NASA is an agency in transition .
We ?ve had to take a clear , hard look at what we want from our space agency in the years and decades to come , " said Sen.
John D. Rockefeller , IV ( D - West Virginia ) , who chairs the Senate committee , in a statement .
" I ?ve made my views on this matter very clear : NASA ?s role cannot stay static .
It must innovate and move in a new direction . "
The extra shuttle mission would fly in 2011 , after two more flights currently planned for November 2010 and February 2011 .
In addition , the new authorization bill directs NASA to immediately begin work on a huge , heavy - lift rocket ?
which would be vital for any asteroid or Mars missions by astronauts ?
instead of waiting until 2015 as proposed by President Barack Obama in his initial space vision announced earlier this year .
The bill would also advance the development of spacecraft for deep space missions to as early as 2016 , rather than 2025 ?
the goal for the first crewed mission to arrive at an asteroid announced by President Barack Obama earlier this year .
It also allows the extension of the International Space Station 's program through at least 2020 , also as previously proposed by Obama .
[ FAQ : NASA 's New Direction ]
Extra shuttle flight , new spacecraft
NASA 's new direction has been the focus of much debate , with some critics calling for an extension of the space shuttle program , which has been slated for retirement next year .
Originally , NASA 's Constellation program to return to the moon was planned to replace the shuttles , but President Obama 's new plan called for canceling Constellation .
Some lawmakers have argued to keep Constellation , or to replace it instead with a more shuttle - derived alternative .
" For many months , this committee has been working on a bipartisan basis to develop a strong and forward - looking reauthorization bill for NASA , " Rockefeller said .
" Through this process , I believe we ?ve reached a sensible center .
This bill offers what I like to call a ? third way ? for NASA . "
The bill is a compromise of sorts between Obama 's plan and its detractors , the committee said .
" It has been a long and very hard road to get here , ? said committee member Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - Texas ) , who co-sponsored the bill , in a statement .
?
We began more than four months ago with a new proposal for NASA introduced by the President which I believe would have ended the era of U.S. dominance in space exploration , threatened the use of the space station , and jeopardized manned spaceflight .
This legislation approved today represents a strong balance between the need for investment in new technology and the continued evolution of the commercial market to take an increasing role in supporting our efforts in low Earth orbit . "
The authorization bill clears the way for the extra shuttle mission , allowing NASA to press forward with preparations to launch more vital supplies or spare parts to the International Space Station to stock up for the years ahead without the space plane fleet .
NASA 's next two shuttle flights will also help complete construction of the International Space Station .
The extra space shuttle flight , likely aboard the shuttle Atlantis , would carry a four - astronaut crew to the space station in the summer of 2011 , NASA shuttle officials have said .
NASA 's space shuttles are the only spacecraft currently capable of hauling huge experiments and spare parts for the space station .
Once they retire , the space agency plans to use Russian spacecraft to ferry crews and cargo to the orbiting laboratory until American commercial vehicles become available .
Obama also called for the cancellation of NASA 's Constellation program developing new rockets and spacecraft to return astronauts to the moon .
In its place , he proposed an ambitious goal of sending astronauts to an asteroid by 2025 and on to Mars in the mid-2030s .
A focus on new space technology was key , Obama emphasized .
" In short , this bill provides a blueprint to get our nation ? s space program moving forward in a smart , fiscally responsible way , and in a way that will maintain America ?s edge in space flight , exploration , science and aeronautics , " Rockefeller said .
Commercial spacecraft funding
The NASA authorization bill falls largely in line with the space exploration plan proposed by President Obama in February , but with some differences .
Obama 's space vision called for a 2011 budget of $ 19 billion for NASA ( a slight boost from 2010 ) .
It also called for $ 6 billion over the course of five years ( with about $ 3.3 billion of that pegged for the first three years ) support the development of commercial spacecraft that could fly American astronauts into space after the shuttle fleet is retired next year .
As approved Thursday , the NASA authorization bill would allocate $ 1.6 billion of the funds for commercial spaceships over the next three years , according to a statement released by committee member Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Florida ) , who chairs its space subcommittee and represents the state that is home to NASA 's space shuttle launching site .
? The goal was to preserve U.S. leadership in space exploration and keep as much of the rocket - industry talent as possible employed , ?
Nelson said .
Commercial spaceflight advocates , such as the Space Frontier Foundation , have criticized the new bill because of its drop in funding for private spacecraft development .
The foundation urged support for an amendment , proposed by Sen. Mark Warner ( D - Va. ) would have added $ 2.1 ?
billion for commercial spaceflight over the next three years to ensure it was funded at the level requested by President Obama .
Breaking news : something happened a month and a half ago and Rupert Murdoch ’s favorite news network just now found someone willing to say something outrageous about it .
Okay , so that ’s not the whole story …
But the summary is still quite apt .
This morning , Fox and Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson took on the issue of gender discrimination at bars in Minnesota , using as a touch - off point the banning of ladies night by the state ’s department of human rights , which cited gender equality as its primary motivation .
Gender - based pricing , they said , is illegal under the Human Rights Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
That happened in early June .
Cue Marc Rudov , a self - described anti-feminist and frequent guest on both Fox News and Fox Business .
His take : ladies night at local bars is evil because “ dating is legal prostitution ” anyway .
Carlson appeared shocked .
Her other guest — Lis Wiehl , who frequently spars with Rudov during Fox appearances — was not so much .
Her response was rather dry : “ Get a life . ”
The pairing seems to be a frequent one for Fox News , which has squared Rudov and Wiehl off 49 times since 2007 , according to Rudov ’s Web site .
Virtually all of Rudov ’s media exposure comes from Fox News and Fox Business , and he ’s a favored guest of Bill O’Reilly .
Rudov ’s primary objective in his literature and appearances is to convince men to stop “ kissing [ female ] ass . ”
On his site , he calls the United States a “ gynocracy ” and offers “ coaching ” for men with relationship difficulties .
He declared during the 2008 primaries that Hillary Clinton lost the male vote because of her “ nagging voice ” and insists that women actually control 60 percent of America ’s wealth .
During his Fox appearance on Tuesday morning , he did not appear very eager to discuss the fact that women , on average , earn about three - fourths of what men earn .
A Government Accounting Office study released in 2001 [ PDF link ] attempted to explain this gap — the often - cited “ glass ceiling ” — by examining differences in work patterns between men and women .
While a number of explanations for wage disparity were offered , the study concluded that there is no consensus on the why of the matter , and that work experience and education often did not count toward a woman ’s weekly earnings .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Marc , now you ’re saying it ’s prostitution to go out ? ”
Wiehl retorted .
“ That ’s crazy . ”
Crazy ?
Perhaps … But , crazy like Fox ?
No doubt about it .
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast July 27 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
READER COMMENTS ON
" Maddow : There WERE Crimes Caught on the Hoax ACORN Tapes !
Crimes by O'Keefe and Giles ! "
( 17 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 7/13/2010 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
It 's too bad Rachel apparently does n't read The Brad Blog .
If she did , she would have come to realize the criminal nature of the ACORN hoax much sooner than she did .
Consider , for example , Brad's 5/27/10 piece , FBI : O'Keefe DID Plan a ' Wiretap Plot ' to Secretly Record Employees of U.S. Senator : " One of those states was California , where O'Keefe ended up striking a deal with the Attorney General during his investigation of the videos , to turn over the unedited version of the audio and video tapes in exchange for immunity from criminal prosecution under the state 's ' Invasion of Privacy Act , ' ( CA Penal Code 630 - 638 ) , also known as ' California 's Wiretap Act . '
The Attorney General Jerry Brown 's investigation ultimately found what every other official has found when investigating O'Keefe 's phony ACORN tapes : they were highly - doctored to show something that did n't actually happen , no ACORN employees are seen violating any criminal laws , and O'Keefe himself was the only one who actually did , vis a vis his secret wiretaps of employees . "
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... JimmyCracksCapricorns said on 7/13/2010 @ 8:25 pm PT ...
Too little too late ... the effect of the lies and propaganda , just like those emails on climate last summer , have already had their desired effect .
Had the media done their duty and not their jobs , well , the world would be a better place .
But the high horse riding pious right wing has itself to look in the collective mirror as the biggest hypocrite , the biggest liar , the most deceitful .
I am ashamed to be American ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 7/13/2010 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
Rachel really did a great job , but I 'm still pondering the possible introduction of " unnamed defendants " in the Juan Carlos Vera lawsuit : https://bradblog.com/?p=7940
If any person , knowing what was in the works , provided O'Keefe and or Giles with financial and or technical support , we ( Vera ) may be able to get at 'em during discovery .
And if just one more rat crawls from that nest ( in addition to O'Keefe and Giles ) , would the deal with Jerry Brown be voided and the sentences adjusted ?
Is that how it works ?
Andrew Breitbart 's been proven a total fraud .
He staked his entire reputation on James O'Keefe , a guy whose entire adult life has been spent pursuing a vendetta against an entire race of people .
He lost .
But maybe that 's the least of Breitbart 's problems .
I 'm stocking up on popcorn .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Paul L. said on 7/14/2010 @ 5:29 am PT ...
Looks like Rachel Maddow repeated her deception and dishonestly " edited " the CA AG report again to make it look like Vera reported O'Keefe and Giles to the police immediately instead of 9 Days later .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 7/14/2010 @ 5:31 am PT ...
Why does Vera believe that he had a reasonable expectation of privacy ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 7/14/2010 @ 7:07 am PT ...
Paul L.@ comment 4--
You are correct that Rachel Maddow misspoke and got the timing wrong on when Vera actually talked to his cousin .
I do n't see how this affects 1 . the gist of her story in the slightest 2 . the fact that Vera broke no laws 3 . Vera did the right thing .
That this is the focus of your concern and complaint when a TV newsperson basically got a wildly misreported story exactly right instead of demands for justice and accountability from Giles , Okeefe , Breitbart , Fox , et al who deliberately got the story wrong , repeatedly lied , and did a hell of a lot of damage to innocents at the bottom of the economic ladder speaks volumes .
Such sensibilities seem sociopathic to me .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 7/14/2010 @ 7:25 am PT ...
Speaking of sociopathic and at the risk of an off topic comment -- Reading The Guantanamo Lawyers : Inside a Prison / Outside the Law .
It is the most disturbing and painful reading experience of my life .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Lil ol me said on 7/14/2010 @ 7:39 am PT ...
The ends justified the means ... if there was a crime involved , so be it , let those who did it pay .
The tax supported " community organizers " were willing and able to promote and assist the most despicable of crimes ... shame on you for supporting such an organization .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 7/14/2010 @ 9:33 am PT ...
@ Lil Ol Me # 8 Lil Ol Me , Sorry darling , you need to review the unedited tapes and transcripts .
You also need to take a strong look at O'keefe 's and Breitbart 's extremely shady handling of their ( utterly fallacious ) " evidence " last year .
Remember , last year they actively prohibited anyone other than Fox news from accessing their material .
They absolutely refused , from the beginning , to discuss the matter with anyone outside of Fox News .
And then , after making such an effort to keep others out of the loop , they screamed that they were being " censored " , despite their own efforts to avoid any other news organization .
Breitbart lied straight through his coked - up teeth about the whole matter .
That should tell you something .
Furthermore , the tapes dont show people willing to help Okeefe and Giles in the " most despicable of crimes . "
What they show is OKeefe and Giles lying about needing to shelter Giles and her charges from an abusive pimp who means them certain peril , and pressing people to help them because they claimed to be in serious danger .
The conversations about that issue ( which was the most decisive matter in these exchanges ) were edited out from the tapes , and re-configured to make it appear as if the ACORN workers were helping set up an underage brothel .
It was a lie ... one staged only to malign and deceive for the most base and unconscionable political attacks .
It was a lie fabricated with the editing equipment that Okeefe purchased by a grant from Peter Thiel ( theoretically , purchased for another project . )
Consider the infamous “ tin can ” issue , in which Giles asks for advice from Brooklynn ACORN in order to hide money from “ Sonny ” , who she says will tear up her place in order to get cash .
Fox billed only a portion of that conversation , and Giles stated in an interview that the tin can idea was offered to hide money from the government — and explicit and provable LIE !
If you cant see that at this point , then you are just making an effort to deceive yourself .
But you are indulging a cruel and manipulative smear more appropriate to an archaic witch - trial than to a real legal or journalistic investigation ( as stated by famed Inquisitor Baron de Laubardemont back in the 1600s , “ Give me 3 lines of man ’s handwriting and I will hang him . ”
That ’s Okeefe ’s and Breitbarts method to a tee !
The modern conveniences of the internet and Final Cut Pro allow them to take us back to some of the darkest periods in history ) O" keefe cant even be honest about being a conservative .
He lies about that all the time , saying he " has no interest in conserving anything " and that he is a " radical progressive . ”
He indignantly claims to resent be called a “ conservative . ”
But that Liar not only was trained by a number of conservative activist organizations , he also founded a college paper which he proudly named " A Journal of Conservative Thought . "
He receives funding from conservative donors ( Theil , the Leadership Inst. , etc.. ) and collaborates with conservative politicians like Steve King .
He even continues to receive awards from conservative groups , and speaks with Giles at conservative rallies .
For “ not being a conservative ” , he really hangs around , and works for that scene A LOT !
He is , in fact a conservative , but refuses to admit it because he ’s trying to manipulate appearances .
He cant even be honest about who he is ... and that should tell you something .
The guy lies simply as a matter of habit .
He cant stop , even if he wanted to .
And people like you only encourage this pathology .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 7/14/2010 @ 9:38 am PT ...
In answer to Mark Da Shark @5 , under CA Penal Code 632 it is unlawful to secretly tape record the conversation of another without their consent where that individual has a reasonable expectation that the conversation is confined to the participants -- in this case three individuals seated inside an ACORN office .
Lil Ol
Me @8 's comment is typical of the mindless wingnuts who swallowed the ACORN pimp hoax hook , line and sinker .
The former Attorney General of MA , the Brooklyn DA 's office , and the CA Attorney General conducted investigations which exonerated ACORN .
ACORN neither promoted nor assisted in the commission of any crimes , despicable or otherwise .
Shame on you , Lil Ol Me , for your mindless repetition of the hard - right 's despicable lies which destroyed a benevolent community organization in order to destroy both truth and democracy .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 7/14/2010 @ 10:02 am PT ...
One more thing Lil Ol Me , I consider child molestation to be the worst crime imaginable .
Most people do .
( and , btw , a false accusation of child - molestation is FAR more damaging than even a real accusation of racism ... just something you might want to report back to your master Breitbart , who continues to burn over that one . )
If you have real evidence for child abuse / trafficking , you do n’t play a year - long politicized game of media hop - scotch with it .
You dont " drip " out the purported " evidence . "
You submit it openly , and give ALL of it to the authorities ... at least if you are a sincere and decent person .
Its that simple .
Furthermore , the more fallacious reports of abuse that are put into circulation , the more difficult it becomes for REAL victims to make their own REAL claims .
Any beat cop will tell you that .
O’keefe has wasted precious time , money and resources that could have gone to help REAL victims .
He doesnt care , and evidently neither do you .
( btw , have you thought about the cost to taxpayers his antics have accrued , what with the court costs , investigative fees , probationary fees etc ...? )
( How about the burden Giles is placing on her own supports by begging for their money , while her dad makes long and frequent trips to Africa to help push his depraved prejudices .
He at least has enough money , picked from his own congregation , to release his own line of BS books ?
Why are they asking their followers for money , when they claim to stand for such frugal values , and have millions at their disposal as is ?
Trips to the other side of the planet arent cheap .
I know . )
Like Limbaugh , Okeefe wants to see the whole country suffer ( especially the poor who he kicked to the streets using lies and deception . )
He wants to punish us all for daring to vote for Obama .
He doesnt care about all the innocent people he maligned , and even less about the real impoverished Americans who were left with no support thanks to his work .
" Chaos for Glory " indeed !
ACORN was a fine organization that helped real needy families .
O'keefe attacked it as a poor proxy for Obama , and nothing more .
I am certain you never heard of ACORN before the 2008 elections ...
I KNOW Hannah Giles never had ( she didnt even know what it was when she began her " investigation " , she just knew she " didnt like them , " and she has admitted that . )
Before you blather out all sorts of nonsense about what you assume to know about ACORN , maybe hoist yourself away from the computer monitor and go to a neighborhood that really was helped by ACORN .
You ’d be surprised at the good work they have done .
And you'd be humbled by the priviledge you have to sit at a comupter and pound out your righteous rants , while so many of your fellow Americnas dont even have food in their bellies .
I mean , how much have you ( or even Giles , Breitbart and Okeefe ) done to help the needy ?
Did the coast - guard ever thank you for helping out in Katrina , they way they thanked ACORN ?
You are supporting the careless trivialization of one of the worst crimes imaginable in order to attack a fine and helpful organization , again , as a proxy for Obama .
You are following the lead of a dishonest , sociopathic charlatan , and all of this just because he and his crew are mad that a black democrat was elected to the White House .
Have some humility , let alone the honesty to admit that a proven lie fabricated by a proven liar was , in fact , a proven lie .
You should be so ashamed that you and your pals can shout down at the impoverished and voiceless in America , only because you have the time and the money to sit at your computer and ' bate over your indignation ... , while they have nothing .
What utterly cruel and unmerited self - righteousness !
Trust me , in your own lifetime , you will see how far on the wrong side of history this whole thing is .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Dominic said on 7/14/2010 @ 3:31 pm PT ...
I do not understand how this fiasco even got off the ground to begin with .
Wait , I do : idiots in the media saw an opportunity to indirectly strike a smear campaign against Obama and the democrats .
Such a sad sad chain of events that lead up to the disassembly of Acorn .
I am all about uncovering political scandals , but I 'd appreciate much better journalism than this Acorn disaster .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 7/15/2010 @ 5:55 am PT ...
Ernest A. Canning replied , " In answer to Mark Da Shark @5 , under CA Penal Code 632 it is unlawful to secretly tape record the conversation of another without their consent where that individual has a reasonable expectation that the conversation is confined to the participants -- in this case three individuals seated inside an ACORN office . "
I understand what is said in CA Code , but
just because a code is on the books , does not mean that it is enforceable as written .
The law has to be shepardized .
What have the courts said on this matter ?
For example , does the finding in Katz v. United States apply ?
Is there a California case on point ?
As we saw in Maryland , ACORN abandoned it 's suit .
Was it because of Maryland 's case law such as Malpas v. State ?
Was it because they did n't want to allow the defendants to have discovery ?
Further , if O'Keefe and Giles violated the law in these two states , why have n't they been charged ?
My question is still in play .
Why does Vera believe that he had a reasonable expectation of privacy ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 7/15/2010 @ 3:25 pm PT ...
@ Mark Da Shark , # 13 From the begining of the transcript for the San Diego tapes , p.4-- James : Wait .
Before you , before you begin ... um , can you ... this is confidential , right ?
JC : Yeah .
James :
Thank you .
Eden / Hannah : It 's like ... , its not being recorded or anything ?
Considering how many times james and Hannah make the point about confidentiality , i think the expectation of privacy is more than just reasonable .
But what 's infinitely worse , is that James and Hannah deliberately misrepresented Juan Carlos and their encounter with him .
The very serious accusation they make , of him being a child molesting john , is completely obviated in light of the overall evidence , and the more complete representation of the encounter .
But they still havent updated their website or their narrative on the video , despite the fact that it was already revealed that the man contacted the police last year .
They are continuing to deliberately slander an innocent man with a very very serious charge .
For as many hair - ball retractions as James and Andrew whine about , they are completely negligent when it comes to their own responsibility to do so .
The man tried to help them rescue girls who they repeatedly stressed as being in certain danger .
They then twisted their " evidence " of the encounter to make it look like something it wasnt .
What an asshole .
I 'd still like to know how the Philly case is panning out .
I sincerely hope Katherine Conway Russel gets them the max .
But James has too many rich - bitch connections .
he 's probabaly just picking up balls at the senators golf club .
Nevertheless , he will go down in history as one of the biggest assholes in our decade .
You can count on that .
His name will forever be synonymous with malicious dishonesty and a spineless lack of accountability .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 7/15/2010 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
SreeBee replied , " From the begining of the transcript for the San Diego tapes , p.4--..... "
That has nothing to do with the case law on the matter .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 7/15/2010 @ 11:08 pm PT ...
Well Mark Da Shark , I wont pretend to understand the intricate contours of legaleeze the way I assume you truly do .
You and Ernest are FAR more in - the - know than I could ever be .
So as far as the legal world goes , I will defer to the much wider breadth of knowledge which you two do in fact have .
I just hope that Vera and KC Russel get some real justice for themselves , and that James and Hannah face some semblance of accountability .
That being said , I still do not understand how the repeated concerns about confidentiality ( as clearly expressed by James and Hannah ) do not count as offering Vera some explicit expectation of privacy .
I mean that , at least , seems pretty straightforward .
I assume it ’s the job of judges and lawyers to determine the applicability / relevance of such matters .
From the outside , it seems that many people in those professions get quite intense when hashing their way towards resolution .
But I am not a lawyer , and ( with all of my most sincere respect to your honorable profession ) I do n’t think I would ever , ever want to be one .
( I dont mean that as a rip ... , some of my life - long heros were lawyers . )
Nevertheless , I cant imagine much integrity or honor in a lawyer that would take Okeefe ’s case ... any more than I can imagine these in a lawyer that would represent Michael Vick .
In both cases the lawyers are making boku - cash by protecting cruel celebrity sociopaths for the sake of their adoring fans and the cognitive dissonance in which they wallow so happily .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Natalya Shirinova said on 7/17/2010 @ 1:11 pm PT ...
This week , M.A.C informed editors that it was changing the names of products in the Rodarte collection , probably because the nail polish called “ Juarez ” turned into a decent - size controversy after a blogger pointed out that the real Juarez in Mexico is plagued with violence .
Eventually the Post and Fox News got wind of the story , after Rodarte and M.A.C said in statements that they did not intend to offend anyone and that the name was only meant to call attention to the beauty of the area .
Indeed , why pounce on this particular polish ?
Tons of nail polishes with silly names have n’t been dragged across the coals .
And lots of people could be offended by them if they bothered to make a connection to a certain plight — the plight of women , the plight of rain forests , the plight of the Gulf states .
This is the age of the Internet — everything can be offensive !
Click ahead to see a slideshow of other unintentionally offensive nail polishes .
PROTECTING children online could be harder with a mandatory internet filter in place , a coalition including state schools , librarians and key players in the internet industry has warned .
The recently formed Safer Internet Group argues that the federal government 's proposed filter is a simplistic solution to shielding children from harmful content on the internet .
'' We believe that real online safety can be delivered without the implementation of a mandatory internet filter , which locks parents and the industry out of keeping kids safe online , '' the group wrote in a submission to a parliamentary committee on cyber safety .
'' The mandatory filter gives parents a false sense of security regarding online safety . ''
The group 's membership includes the Australian Council of State School Organisations , the Australian Library and Information Association , the Internet Industry Association , Google , Yahoo ! and iiNet .
Two - thirds of British people would support a ban on Muslim women wearing face - covering veils in public , similar to the one approved by French lawmakers this week , a poll has found .
An online survey of 2,205 adults for Five News television found 67 per cent of respondents agreed that the burka - the full - face veil - should be banned .
That figure rose to 80 per cent among people aged over 55 .
The YouGov poll was carried out between Wednesday and Friday ( local time ) , after France 's lower house of parliament voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to ban full Islamic veils in public spaces .
Similar laws are pending in Belgium , Spain and some Italian municipalities , but the ban is particularly sensitive in France , whose rundown city suburbs are home to Europe 's biggest Muslim minority .
A Harris poll for the Financial Times in March revealed Britons were among the most tolerant in Europe towards the Islamic veil , with just 57 per cent backing a ban , compared to 70 per cent in France and 65 per cent in Spain .
According to the Muslim Council of Britain , about 2.5 million Muslims live in this country , and less than 1 per cent wear a face veil .
- AFP
The Afghan capital is on high alert after rioting sparked by the death of four civilians when a US embassy vehicle crashed into their car .
There are fears of a repeat of the city - wide riots that struck Kabul in 2006 .
Police fired shots into the air in a bid to disperse an angry mob that torched two embassy vehicles and threw stones at police and Nato soldiers who rushed to the scene near the centre of Kabul 's diplomatic quarter .
Sayed Abdul Ghafar Sayedzada , the head of Kabul 's crime investigation department , said six Afghan civilians were involved in the accident and four died .
The US embassy said the vehicle had been carrying four US contractors who " co-operated immediately with local Afghan security forces after the incident " .
" Our sympathies go out to the families of those Afghans injured or killed in this tragic accident , " the embassy statement said .
A western official said two embassy vehicles went to the scene to rescue the contractors but after one of the rescue cars got stuck on a central embankment everyone was forced to get into a single car .
The stranded rescue vehicle and the original car were left at the scene and torched by the rioters .
According to local news agency Pajhwok , despite efforts to cordon off the area an angry crowd of hundreds of civilians soon appeared chanting slogans against foreign troops and Hamid Karzai , the Afghan president .
Witnesses said several Afghan police were wounded after being hit by stones thrown by protesters in an area close to a US military base and a few minutes ' walk from the main gate of the US embassy .
It is one of the most serious outbreaks of public anger in the capital since 2006 when Kabul was struck by hours of rioting after a US military convoy ploughed into a group of pedestrians .
Buildings run by foreign aid charities were ransacked and torched during that unrest .
In the latest case , most organisations with foreign staff ordered all of their expat employees into lockdown , banning them from movement around the city .
Restrictions were mostly lifted by evening .
One foreign executive working in the capital described the drive down the Jalalabad Road to his guesthouse as " very hairy .... with crowds stoning vehicles with foreigners in them although fortunately not mine .
But the car immediately behind me was battered . "
Absence of the Towels
It gets the towel from the bedroom .
It does this whenever it 's hungover .
In order to create the most interactive 3D - map of Mars ever , NASA had to process 13,000 gigapixel HiRISE images for three years .
Now that they 've finished , the map will let people see Mars better than most NASA scientists ever have .
Advertisement
NASA teamed up with Microsoft 's WorldWide Telescope to deliver the highest resolution images of Mars ever .
In fact , the pictures are so detailed that you can see the tracks left by various Mars Rovers .
The PC - Only software ( there 's a web client for Mac folks ) lets normal people like you and me tour the Victoria Crater , the Olympus Mons and the rest of its dusty , beautifully red surface in 3D .
The 3D effect was created by :
The 3 - D effect is derived from information provided by an instrument called MOLA , the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter , which measured altitude along the surface of Mars from space from NASA 's Mars Global Surveyor orbiter .
The team also combined that information with a stereo image - reconstruction process - taking two images from different angles and using that to build a 3 - D model of the terrain .
Advertisement
NASA 's bigger hope with this map is that it'll lead to new scientific discoveries because of its unprecedented detail .
But to me , it 's a more insane , martian version of Google Earth .
And that 's a very good thing .
Take the Mars tour here .
[ NASA via PopSci ]
Welcome , one and all , to Daylight Atheism !
This will be the official weblog and annex of my other website , Ebon Musings , and will contain discussion threads for the articles posted there as well as original essays and writings .
In this inaugural post , it seems fitting to explain what led to the creation of this site .
For the longest time I resisted the temptation to create a weblog , fearing it would demand of me a degree of productivity I did not think myself able to supply .
However , there were three factors that ultimately persuaded me to change my mind .
The first one was the steady accumulation of subjects that I wanted to comment on , but that were either too topical or too brief to merit a full - length essay on Ebon Musings .
The second factor , more important , has to do with the climate in which we live .
Over the past several years , I have observed to my dismay the forces of militant religious fundamentalism gaining in strength , both in my home country , the United States of America , and worldwide .
This ominous development , driven by those who are dedicated enemies of all the progress and enlightenment that has been achieved over the past several centuries , threatens the liberty and happiness of all people everywhere .
As a result , I have been compelled to grow more involved in political causes to help oppose it , and to defend the human rights that once more need defending .
This process of awakening led to my writing the essay “ Unapologetic “ , but did not stop there .
We need as many voices as possible calling attention to the evil of the religious right and shining the light of scrutiny on their true goals .
Only by doing so can we hope to stop them , and I hope to play some small part in that .
The final motivating factor is the fact that there are not nearly as many good atheist weblogs as there should be .
There are many blogs written by atheists , but relatively few that are about atheism , relatively few that are well - written and address the subject frequently and knowledgeably .
Granted , there are some , and I read most of these regularly ; but the Internet is a wonderful invention – a truly global and democratic forum for speech where we can support each other , exchange our ideas , disseminate our message and organize for activism – and we atheists need as strong a presence on it as possible , paralleling the need for a strong atheist voice in public discourse generally .
Considering our numbers , there are not nearly as many of us speaking out as there should be , and I intend to do what I can to counteract that trend .
I neither expect nor desire to become an atheist leader in any sense , but I hope to contribute to a groundswell of freethought which I already see emerging , and perhaps even to reach a few individuals who have begun to question their religious beliefs but have not yet heard a message that would give them the courage to walk away .
Now more than ever , as the power of the religious right waxes and grows , society needs our presence , needs our message .
We need to present the strong , clear light of atheism as a positive and desirable alternative to the murky darkness of religious intolerance and superstition .
I know that there are many people of conscience who would be our allies if they understood who we truly are and what we want ; I know , furthermore , that there are many others who are struggling with doubt , unaware that there are others who feel the same way as they do and that they are not alone .
As with Ebon Musings , if I can reach and speak to even one person ( a goal I can happily say I have achieved many times over with my other site ) , I will be well - satisfied .
For the present , I will continue to write new articles for Ebon Musings , and I will update this site as time permits .
I will aim for an initial update schedule of at least twice per week , more often as I become accustomed to writing for this weblog , less often as other obligations take me away .
London , England ( CNN ) --
His most famous car has a top speed of 240 miles per hour .
With a top speed of 80 mph , Gordon Murray 's latest design is n't likely to trouble too many speed cameras , but it should n't worry environmentalists either .
The former Formula
One engineer who created the iconic McLaren F1 supercar has officially unveiled the T.25 -- his idea for a new class of city car .
Murray and his team based in Shalford , south east England , have been working on the design for the past three years and , until now , have kept the exact details of the car firmly under wraps .
The car made its first public appearance on Monday at the UK's Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment in Oxford .
At less than eight feet long and a little over four feet wide , the T.25 is smaller than Daimler AG 's popular Smart car , and a petrol engine model will retail for around $ 9,000 .
The price tag is n't exactly Formula One , but the technology and thinking employed to create the T.25 certainly is .
The centralized driving position -- also a feature of Murray 's McLaren F1 -- and central instrumentation and controls are perhaps its most obvious traits borrowed from Formula One .
Others might not be so easy to spot , but they are no less important to the overall design .
The T.25 is light , weighing in at just 550 kilograms , helping it achieve a fuel efficiency of around 74 miles per gallon .
A chassis design based on " Formula One derived materials , philosophy and technology " provides an " immensely strong structure , " says Murray and body panels are also easier to replace in the event of damage .
A flat under - floor design also improves overall aerodynamics .
One thing the car most definitely does not share with an F1 car is its turning circle , which at six-meters -- a Smart car 's is nearly nine meters , a BMW Mini 's over ten -- makes it highly maneuverable in an urban setting .
Inside , the modular interior allowing for six different configurations , which can be easily adjusted to accommodate passengers or used as storage space .
You 'll find it hard to lose a wing mirror as they both sit within the overall width of the car and fuel caps are situated on either side of the car .
The T.25 's also has an electric cousin , the T.27 , which Murray says will have a range of 80 - 100 miles and cost around $ 18,000 .
Gordon Murray Design has also developed a new manufacturing concept especially for the T.25 .
" iStream " is " a complete rethink and redesign of the traditional manufacturing process , " he says , which simplifies the auto assembly line by allowing all major components to be fitted directly on to the chassis prior to the body panels , which are also pre-painted .
The streamlining of the process could mean smaller , more efficient auto plants which reduce the overall carbon footprint of the car .
Holger Erker , managing director of the German engineering consultancy , IPE Engineering , was asked to provide independent analysis and verify the principles set out by Murray 's " iStream " concept .
He 's convinced of its benefits .
" It is the most radical change in , let 's say , the last 100 years of car body making .
With " iStream " one of the most cost intensive production steps -- body panel press shop -- is completely eliminated , " Erker told CNN .
Erker , who has worked as an auto industry consultant for two decades , believes Murray 's manufacturing concept provides more flexibility than any other current car manufacturing process .
" Flexibility is what all of the OEM's ( original equipment manufacturers ) are trying to bring to their current car plants .
" iStream " is already there , " Erker said .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 488 - Acceptance
Well , I guess it 's really not hard to believe that Maine voted the way it did on Tuesday .
The older generations in this country are still going to vote against gay marriage , and the younger generations are still outnumbered .
In a few years , we 'll start to reverse that trend , but the idea is that we really should n't have to .
I do n't know if there 's really been a movement that 's worked this way before - where the younger generations are clearly the ones who are most accepting of the idea of gay marriage , likely because they do n't see the need for discrimination when they 've been living with that group of society much more openly than previous generations have .
( Look the vote return in college towns / cities in Maine - overwhelmingly in favor of gay marriage . )
Will this be the way that future discrimination issues persist ?
Are we going to turn into our elders and ignore the wisdom of the youth ?
Let 's certainly hope not .
On Tuesday night , I said that if we lost , we'd have to work just that much harder , but if we won , it would change everything .
Unfortunately , we lost .
Eventually here , we 're going to get a victory , but it's on those of us in the younger generations to explain the issues to our parents and grandparents .
We 'll eventually win once we take over in terms of population , but we should n't have to wait that long for everyone to be equal .
So let 's do our part and keep fighting , alright ?
Tomorrow is another day .
Since Athens agreed to budget cuts approaching 11 % of GDP , local governments have seen a sharp decline in funding .
Yesterday , the cut - off caused the city of Piraeus to announce a stop payment on $ 275 million of debt .
Mayor Panagiotis Fasoulas demanded immediate payment of three years of owed funding or his city would abandon its own debt .
Kathimerini :
Addressing a press conference , Fasoulas requested a meeting with government officials to find a solution that will allow the municipality to make good on its obligations - to citizens , employees and creditors .
The mayor did not rule out the possibility of strike action - without determining what form this would take - to demand the monthly disbursement of some 1.6 million euros .
Piraeus City
Hall currently owes some 210 million euros in debts amassed over the past 20 years .
Over the past three years , the government has withheld state grants from Piraeus municipal authorities .
Fasoulas yesterday described the government 's stance as « provocative , » noting that a total of 44 million euros had been spent on paying off municipal debts during his three years as mayor , while only 12 million euros had been spent during the eight years that his predecessor , Christos Agrapidis , had held the post .
Fasoulas said his municipality was not seeking privileged treatment but wanted to renegotiate the payment of its debts , paying larger installments at a lower interest rate .
Needless to say , Athens does n't have the money for a bailout .
So what happens if when Piraeus defaults -- Elliniko wo n't be far behind -- and great swaths of local government abandon their debts .
And then ...
US audit finds weakness in Pentagon controls for Iraq funds ; $ 8.7 billion missing .
The U.S. Defense Department is unable to properly account for over 95 percent of $ 9.1 billion in Iraqi oil money tapped by the U.S. for rebuilding the war ravaged nation , according to an audit released Tuesday .
The report by the U.S. Special Investigator for Iraq Reconstruction offers a compelling look at continued laxness in how such funds are being spent in a country where people complain basic services like electricity and clean water are sharply lacking seven years after the U.S. - led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein .
ADVERTISEMENT
The audit found that shoddy record keeping by the Defense Department left the Pentagon unable to fully account for $ 8.7 billion it withdrew between 2004 and 2007 from a special fund set up by the U.N. Security Council .
Of that amount , Pentagon “ could not provide documentation to substantiate how it spent $ 2.6 billion . ”
The funds are separate from the $ 53 billion allocated by Congress for rebuilding Iraq .
The report comes at a critical time for Iraq .
Despite security gains made since 2008 , bombings remain near a daily occurrence that compound the frustrations and fears of Iraqis increasingly weary of the current political crisis Ã¢â‚¬â€ one many say reflects how the country ’s politicians are more interested in their own interests than those of the nation .
Politicians have hit an impasse since inconclusive parliamentary elections were held March 7 , unable to form a new government as Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , a Shiite , appears determined to stay in office when influential Shiite parties want to see him go .
ADVERTISEMENT
The audit cited a number of factors that contributed to the inability to account for most of the money withdrawn by the Pentagon from the Development Fund for Iraq .
It said most of the Defense Department organizations that received DFI money failed to set up Treasury Department accounts , as required .
In addition , it said no Defense Department organization was designated as the main body to oversee how the funds were accounted for or spent .
“ The breakdown in controls left the funds vulnerable to inappropriate uses and undetected loss , ” the report said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The audit found that the U.S. continues to hold about $ 34.3 million of the money even though it was required to return it to the Iraqi government .
The audit did not indicate that investigators believed there were any instances of fraud involved in the spending of these funds .
ADVERTISEMENT
The DFI includes revenues from Iraq ’s oil and gas exports , as well as frozen Iraqi assets and surplus funds from the now - defunct , Saddam Hussein - era oil - for - food program .
With the establishment of the Coalition Provisional Authority , which ran Iraq shortly after the start of the U.S. invasion in 2003 until mid-2004 , about $ 20 billion was placed into the account .
The Iraqi government had agreed to allow the U.S. continued access to the funds after the CPA was dissolved in 2004 , but it revoked that authority in December 2007 .
Source : AP News
Somali asylum seeker family given £ 2 m house ... after complaining 5 - bed London home was ' in poor area '
Des res : Abdi Nur at the door of the £ 2 million Kensington townhouse that he , his wife and seven children have moved into
A family of former asylum - seekers from Somalia are living in a £ 2.1 million luxury townhouse in one of Britain 's most exclusive addresses at a cost to taxpayers of £ 8,000 a month .
Abdi and Sayruq Nur and their seven children moved into their three - storey property in a fashionable area of London last month because they did n't like the ' poorer ' part of the city they were living in .
Mr Nur , 42 , an unemployed bus conductor , and his 40 - year - old wife , who has never worked , are now living in Kensington despite the fact that they are totally dependent on state benefits .
They live close to celebrities , including artist Lucian Freud , singer Damon Albarn and designer Stella McCartney , and their home is just minutes from the fashionable Kensington Place restaurant which was a favourite haunt of the late Princess Diana .
The family 's new home is believed to be one of the most expensive houses ever paid for by housing benefit , which is administered by local councils but funded by the Department for Work and Pensions .
The disclosure that a single family has been paid so much will embarrass Ministers , who last month pledged to rein in Britain 's £ 20 billion - a - year housing benefit bill .
Mr Nur said his former five - bedroom home in the Kensal Rise area of Brent , which cost £ 900 a week in housing benefit , was suitable for the family 's needs but he said they had felt compelled to move because they did not like living ' in a very poor area ' and were unhappy with the quality of local shops and schools .
He said he found the new house through a friend who knew the landlord , arranged to rent it through an estate agent , then approached officials at Kensington and Chelsea council who said ' it would be no problem ' to move .
Rules allow anyone who is eligible for housing benefit to claim for a private property in any part of the country they wish .
The £ 2,000 per week is paid directly to Mr Nur and his family , who then pay their landlord .
Smart :
The Nur family 's new home has five bedrooms , two bathrooms and a fully fitted kitchen as is nearby several celebrities '
London homes
Property sources say the house was being advertised locally at a cost of £ 1,050 per week .
The house is owned by Brophy Group Business Ltd , a British Virgin Islands company whose registered address is a post office box in Liechtenstein .
No one from the firm , which bought the house for £ 2.1 million in 2007 , was available for comment .
Mr Nur said : ' The new house is good enough and it is near the school and the shops .
We need a house this big because we have so many children .
' The old house was good but the area was not so good .
It was a very poor area and there were no buses , no shops and the schools were too far .
' The old house was four or five bus stops away from the primary school attended by two of my children .
' Soon , all three of our younger children are going to be at primary school and we can't take them all on the bus .
Now they are going to a school which is just down the road . '
From September , his children will attend a school located just 20 yards from their new front door - which has been rated as outstanding by Ofsted .
They previously attended a school in Kensal Rise which was rated as satisfactory .
' Bad area ' : Mr Nur said their former home in Brent matched their family 's needs , but they did n't like living in a ' poor ' part of London
But Mr Nur said his neighbourhood also had other advantages .
' I like the neighbours and there does not seem to be much crime . '
He added : ' They have very full shops here and they are still open at 2 am .
Unlike at Kensal Rise , where they closed at 7 pm or 8 pm . '
Mr Nur , who lost his £ 6.50 - an - hour job as a bus conductor 18 months ago , claims officials at Kensington and Chelsea council said they ' did n't care ' about his decision to move into the borough , which they said was ' not a problem ' .
The family 's three - storey property , which dates from the 1840s , has five bedrooms , two bathrooms , a fully fitted kitchen and a garden .
The family 's living room , which boasts a large bay window , is dominated by a 50in LG flatscreen TV .
It also has two large black leather sofas , two elaborate rugs and lush houseplants .
Neighbours of the family last night expressed their shock at the amount of housing benefit being claimed .
Nigel Melville , 65 , a company director , said : ' To be paying that much out in housing benefit is ridiculous - it 's too much .
I suppose they had to be housed somewhere , but it 's an awful lot of money . '
Mr Nur worked for the Red Cross in Somalia and married his wife in 1993 .
The couple subsequently fled their homeland because of civil war and were granted asylum in Britain in 1999 .
The couple 's four oldest children , who are aged between 12 and 16 , were all born in Somalia .
The youngest three children were born in Britain .
Mr Nur last night acknowledged the family was lucky to have the new home , but he insisted his family ' were no better or no worse off than anyone else ' .
He also insisted he was doing his best to find a job .
' I am looking for a job .
I am taking a course to train me in how to get a job .
I would like any job .
Anything in food production or warehouses would be fine . '
The current housing benefit system was overhauled by the last government in April 2008 .
Labour Ministers introduced new caps on the amount claimants could receive , depending on the size and location of the property .
But instead of bringing costs down , the new system encouraged many landlords to raise rents to the level of the maximum allowable .
The new government has announced further sweeping changes to the housing benefit system , which will come into effect next April .
The new rules mean claimants living in a four or five - bedroom house will no longer be able to claim more than £ 400 a week .
The changes have led to warnings that thousands of families will be forced out of existing homes into cheaper properties .
But critics say the changes are essential because of mounting concern about the size of some individual claims , particularly in London .
Earlier this year , it emerged that Essma Marjam , a single mother of six , was being paid nearly £ 7,000 a month so that she could live in a five - bedroom villa in Maida Vale .
In December , Francesca Walker , a mother - of - eight who also lived in Kensington and Chelsea , defended her £ 90,000 - a- year housing benefit claims for a £ 2 million villa in Notting Hill .
She said the family were completely justified in living there because the council could not find a big enough property .
The London borough of Kensington and Chelsea last night declined to comment on the specific circumstances of the Nur family 's claim .
The council said it had a responsibility to meet the needs of claimants who were eligible for benefits and was powerless to stop people moving into private accommodation in the area .
A spokesman said : ' We have been saying for some years now that the way in which the maximum level of housing benefit is calculated is flawed and we welcome the Government 's new changes which begin next year .
' The sums of money that many families claim for housing in the capital and elsewhere is an example of an unreasonably generous benefits system which is open to abuse . '
A spokesman for Brent Council said : ' Households , whether they are claiming benefits or are in work , are able to make their own arrangements in terms of renting privately , as long as they can find a landlord with a suitable property .
' This includes decisions about where they live . '
Israel to restrict white phosphorus use in future wars Published duration 21 July 2010
image caption Rights groups collected evidence that white phosphorus was used in civilian areas
The Israeli military will restrict its use of artillery shells containing white phosphorus , it has told the UN .
The controversial weapons cause deadly burns and rights groups say they are banned from use in civilian areas .
The Israel Defense Forces used weapons containing white phosphorus during a 22 - day assault on Gaza which began in December 2008 .
In its report to the UN , the IDF said steps would be taken in future to avoid civilian casualties .
" The IDF chief of general staff ordered the establishment of a clear doctrine and orders on the issue of various munitions that contain white phosphorus , " the report said .
" These instructions are currently being implemented . "
Burning
During the Israeli offensive on Gaza , known as Operation Cast Lead , the Israeli military used white phosphorus rounds in densely populated areas , the UN and Human Rights Watch said .
Part of a UN compound burned down after it was hit by chunks of the burning chemical which ignites on contact with air .
The weapon has been used on battlefields to create cover for advancing troops and to flush infantry out of their positions , but human rights groups say international law bans its use in civilian areas .
Burning phosphorus sticks to skin and will continue to burn flesh until the supply of oxygen is cut off .
Palestinians and rights groups say more than 1,400 Gazans died in the conflict , but Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were killed .
War crimes
The Israeli military say that the attack was launched to prevent rockets being fired into southern Israel from Gaza .
The UN has sharply criticised both sides in the conflict .
A report by the former prosecutor at the International Criminal Court , Richard Goldstone , accused both the IDF and Hamas of war crimes .
The Goldstone report has been condemned by the Israeli government as biased .
Hamas has also denied its fighters committed war crimes .
With all the news about the organic foods and healthy living that has rocked Wall Street in recent months , the on - going trend of green smoothie has become secondary in many news reports .
Probably thousands of people have already introduced you to healthy living style , and now I wish to present you to the most recent method of losing weight by drinking green smoothies .
With combination vegetables that have lots of healthy vitamins and minerals , a green smoothie can help you to lose your weight and also increased your antibody .
Consuming green smoothies every day can also supercharge your body .
You get the nutrients that the body requires effectively from the vegetables by incorporating them into a delicious smoothie .
The health benefits of green smoothies that I already felt by myself are : my skin ends up being more lovely , my body becomes more powerful , and I lose excess pounds without issues !
Green smoothies , what are they ?
Green healthy smoothies are , as the name indicates it is a smoothie with a green color that comes from the vegetables .
In other words it is just another type of smoothie but you add some green vegetables so that get more green color from the vegetables to this healthy drink .
Particularly leafy veggies produce a beautiful color .
Green healthy smoothies are based on the fruit healthy smoothies and the milkshakes from the United States .
Increasingly more vegetables were added to those smoothies , to make the entire thing healthier .
Today we do not know better than that there are green shakes .
What you need to know is by adding more green leafy vegetables does n't mean you can not put your favorite fruits on your smoothie .
You still can include your favorite fruits like apple , orange , blueberry , strawberry , mango or anything .
But what you need to emphasize is you have to manage the ratio .
The lesser sweets fruits and the more leafy greens will help you to reduce your sugar intake and increase your fiber intake which is the ideal condition for your body to lose some weights .
My recommendation of the ratio for your green smoothie is 30 % of fruits and 70 % consist of the vegetables .
The most common vegetables that I usually include are : kale , spinach , celery .
If you still have any doubts how to make a good green smoothie , I suggest you to check blenderversus.com to dig some more info about making perfect smoothie ratio .
The Healthy Fact
If everyone claims that green shakes are so healthy , you obviously want to know how that is !
Green smoothies are so healthy due to the fact that you can manage a large load of vegetables in one good drink .
Imagine that every day you have 200 grams of veggies on your plate or that you finely grind the vegetable into a tasty smoothie ?
The nutrients you get in both cases inside , however , drinking a healthy smoothie is much more comfortable and quicker obviously .
Eating enough fruit and vegetables is still an issue for many people .
A pity , because leafy greens have plenty of healthy nutrients such as protein , vitamins , minerals , fiber , and anti-oxidants .
The body requires these nutrients every day to become more powerful and much healthier .
An extra benefit is that leafy vegetables help the body in the processing of waste products .
Every day , with the air you breathe , bad germs and damaging substances occur .
The diet plan from leafy vegetables helps the body in combating elements that are hazardous to the body .
The advantage of leafy veggies in a green shake is that the wetness of this veggie is not lost .
In fact , this moisture is 90 % of the food .
When cooking leafy vegetables , part of the juice is lost and you get less healthy nutrients .
For the optimum result of your green shake ,
It is necessary that the veggies are warmed as low as possible .
It is best to use a slow juicer so that the vitamins and minerals stay present .
Do you have a blender in your house ?
No problem , but attempt your green smoothie then on low position to mix an enjoyable whole .
Green Smoothie Benefits
Green smoothies are not just exceptionally healthy for your body , they use a lot more advantages .
After reading the list below with the 10 most substantial benefits of green smoothies , I 'm sure you 'll make tasty smoothies every day .
The most substantial benefits of healthy green smoothies are :
Better Sleep .
You have more energy .
More pleasant body smell .
less chance of allergic reactions .
Better resistance and less susceptible to illness .
Minimized risk of significant illness such as diabetes , cardiovascular disease , and cancer .
Smoother and more lovely skin .
You lose excess fat .
You 're going to sweat less .
You increase your libido .
Consuming green Smoothies is a substantial health advantage .
Both straight and indirectly .
With the regular drinking of green shakes , you will always have more sense and energy to move around .
And let the movement be just one of the requirements for losing pounds .
Green Smoothies also give you a full sensation , so you will be less fast to grab unhealthy snacks .
Exactly what else you have to know about green shakes .
Precisely what is the very best time to drink a green healthy smoothie ?
Beginning the day with an excellent breakfast is important .
Throughout breakfast , you hear your body giving the energy and the right nutrients so that you can spend the day .
NASA budget fight - Is Utah emerging as rival to KSC ? , Orlando Sentinel
" The Senate subcommittee charged with NASA oversight will present a $ 19 billion bill this week that kills President Barack Obama 's proposed shakeup of the agency 's human - spaceflight program , in the process cutting billions from commercial rocket and technology projects that supporters say would have benefited Kennedy Space Center .
A draft of the bill , obtained by the Orlando Sentinel , was presented to NASA last week by the committee , chaired by Florida Democratic U.S. Sen.
Bill Nelson .
So far the White House has not commented on the bill , but several Florida Space Coast leaders have expressed concern about its impact here . "
Keith 's note : Additional detail via NASA
Watch sources :
This authorization bill covers FY 2011 - 2013 - i.e. the period of time that the Obama Administration will have influence on budget plans .
During FY 2011 - 2013 President Obama had wanted to spend $ 3.3 Billion on commercial space .
The draft legislation under consideration would now utterly gut the President 's proposed commercial program to the point that its value as a " commercial " activity would be called into question .
In the proposed draft , commercial activities would now receive the following : $ 150 M in FY 2011 , $ 275 M in FY 2012 , and $ 464 M in FY 2013 - for a total of $ 889 M .
That 's barely a quarter of what the White House proposed .
Moreover , NASA would also be precluded from entering into any commercial crew contracts in FY 2011 .
In addition , work on an advanced hydrocarbon engine would be halted .
Also , all of the new technology that was to be funded gets eviscerated as well by as much as 50 % .
At face value , this " compromise " would reverse the White House 's plans and bring back a " lite " version of Constellation and fatally wound any attempt at a meaningful commercial participation in the future of American space exploration .
This authorization bill will eventually find its way to the President 's desk .
Will he sign it ?
I do n't think so .
Add in a looming CR , and America 's human spaceflight program is about to go into a year of stasis and confusion .
In the not - too - distant future , instead of standing frustratedly in front of your closet whining , “ I have nothing to wear ! ” , you might instead be able to print out some new clothes .
One of the latest innovations in the digital fabrication realm is a printed textile concept called digi-fabric , developed by Shapeways .
Digi-fabric consists of tiny geometric shapes–squares , hexagons and the like–which , when linked together in a printed fabric swatch , allow multi-directional stretchiness .
Just like this collapsible lamp shade or this jointed necklace , the digi- fabric does n’t have to be assembled or woven–rather , it can be printed in one fell swoop .
The process works by sweeping a laser across a pan of powdered nylon ; when the lasers hit the nylon , it fuses ( “ sinters ” ) .
The process repeats in layers , until the final product emerges .
Thus , you can create interlocking shapes all at once–for example , a chain whose links are completely closed .
The digi- fabric is soft enough to be draped around an arm but resistant to breaking under force .
Breathability might be an issue with the rubbery stuff , but it ’s easy to imagine an experimental fashion designer printing out some sample garments and dressing up some models for a runway test drive .
[ Via Ponoko ]
BP will book $ 10 bn tax credit against costs of cleaning up Gulf oil spill , meaning US and UK governments will lose out
BP is poised for fresh controversy after it emerged today that the UK Treasury will lose hundreds of millions of pounds as a result of the oil clean - up in the Gulf of Mexico .
The cost of the clean - up has pushed BP into the red , meaning the oil company will be able to book a near - $ 10bn ( £ 6.5 bn ) tax credit , slashing its tax bill in the US and Britain .
The loss comes on top of a plunge in tax revenues after BP halted its dividend payouts to shareholders .
The news will dismay politicians in Westminster , since the coalition government needs all the tax revenues it can get as it introduces austerity measures to deal with the deficit .
The majority of the tax credit is likely to relate to the US , but the exchequer is also likely to lose out badly .
BP paid $ 8.4bn of corporate taxes last year , with roughly £ 930 m going to the UK government .
Tax experts reckon it paid a similar amount in US taxes .
While the spill will reduce the level of BP 's corporate taxes , the news comes on top of the hundreds of millions lost to the exchequer in the form of lost dividend taxation .
Under fierce political pressure from Washington , BP scrapped its lucrative payouts to shareholders this year and there is currently no plan to reinstate payments .
BP announced today that it is making a $ 32.2 bn provision for the cost of the spill caused by the explosion and subsequent sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in April .
That pushed BP 's second - quarter results into a record loss of $ 17bn , compared with a profit last year of $ 3.1bn .
The company explained , however , that the net impact on BP 's bottom line will only be $ 22bn because the company will be able to record a $ 9.9 bn tax credit .
BP 's UK tax bill will also be reduced , the firm added .
Both the US and UK governments receive hundreds of millions of dollars from the company in tax payments each year .
News that BP will be able to write off against tax the cost of plugging the well , cleaning up the spill and compensating the thousands of people who have been affected is likely to anger politicians of all political hues .
Only the fines that might be imposed by the US authorities would definitely not be tax - deductible , according to tax experts .
Three years ago , aircraft manufacturer
Boeing flew into a storm of protest when it sought to write off against tax a $ 615 m fine levied by the department of justice that settled an investigation into the improper hiring of a Pentagon official and the theft of data from Lockheed Martin Corporation .
The fine was levied in order for Boeing to avoid criminal charges .
Three Republican senators wrote to the US attorney general at the time to say that allowing Boeing to deduct payments to the government " would be unacceptable " .
Along the coastal waters of the South China Sea , many people lived and worked on junks rather than reside on the land .
These boats were crammed with family members from the youngest infant to the oldest grandparent .
The women worked alongside the men , fishing , trading , and pirating .
One such woman was Cheng I Sao ( also known as Ching Yih Saou , Ching Shih , and Lady Ch’ing ) .
A former prostitute who married a sea robber , she and her husband organized a confederation of pirates that eventually numbered over 50,000 .
They ransomed captives and their ships while extorting payment from people who lived along the coast to not attack their villages .
When her husband died in 1807 , Cheng I Sao assumed command of the pirates .
She appointed Chang Pao , her husband ’s adopted son , leader of the Red Fleet , the most powerful of the six fleets that made up the pirate confederation .
Soon after they became lovers .
According to the code of conduct that spelled out the rules and rewards under which the Chinese sailed , each pirate received two plundered pieces for every ten captured .
Since Cheng I Sao did not wish to live hand to mouth , the rest of the plunder was stored in warehouses to ensure that the squadrons were always armed and ready .
The code of conduct also spelled out punishments harsher than those administered to buccaneers of the previous century in the West Indies .
Any who disobeyed an order or stole from the common plunder were beheaded .
Deserters lost their ears .
The first time pirates concealed booty they were flogged .
The second time they died .
If they raped a female captive , they were executed .
If the woman agreed to the sex , the man was beheaded while weights were tied to the woman ’s legs and she was tossed overboard .
Fleets sent by the Chinese Imperial Navy to destroy the pirates were themselves destroyed .
By 1808 they had lost 63 vessels to the pirates .
One captured officer was nailed to the ship ’s deck , then beaten until he vomited blood .
Later , he was taken ashore and butchered .
Rather than risk capture Admiral Kwo Lang committed suicide .
Coastal villages created militias to repel the raids , but the pirates exacted horrific revenge on those who defied them .
In 1809 , they beheaded 80 men of the Sanshan village and abducted their women and children , holding them for ransom or selling them into slavery .
Seamen of captured merchant ships could join the ranks of the pirates or suffer excruciating death .
When the Imperial government solicited assistance from British and Portuguese warships , Cheng I Sao decided to retire from piracy .
In April 1810 , she negotiated terms of an amnesty with the Governor General of Canton .
Less than 400 pirates suffered any form of punishment : 60 banished for two years , 151 exiled , and 126 executed .
The remaining 17,318 pirates surrendered their weapons and 226 junks , but retained their plunder .
Those who wished to join the army could , including her lover , Chang Pao , who received the rank of lieutenant and command of a private fleet of 20 junks .
Cheng I Sao and Chang Pao settled in Fukien .
They eventually married and had a son .
When Chang , who had been promoted to colonel , died in 1822 at the age of 36 , Cheng I Sao returned to Canton .
A wealthy woman , she ran a gambling house and possibly a ring of smugglers , but otherwise led a quiet life until her death in 1844 .
She was 69 years old .
Investors chasing high returns like to get in early on the next big thing .
For some pioneering firms in New Jersey , that means multimillion dollar bets on clean energy .
From Short Hills to Princeton , public and private companies are committing their own capital , or that of large investors , to building wind and solar farms and developing other types of renewable power , as well as smart - grid and energy - storage technologies .
Despite the worldwide recession , total venture capital and private equity investment in clean energy went up 24 percent in the first quarter of 2010 , according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance .
In the past nine years , venture capital investment has grown from $ 350 million to more than $ 2 billion .
The numbers are even larger when they include public market investment , corporate mergers and acquisitions and other types of investors .
" We continue to anticipate $ 180 to $ 200 billion in new investment in clean energy this year , " said Michael Liebreich , chief executive of Bloomberg New Energy Finance .
Hudson Clean Energy Partners , a billion - dollar private - equity firm based in Teaneck , exclusively invests in clean energy .
Energy Capital Partners , a Short Hills private - equity firm focused on fossil fuel and renewable power , has a $ 2.25 billion fund with significant clean energy investments .
Denham Capital Management , another Short Hills - based private - equity firm , has $ 4.3 billion under management , with more than 20 percent of its two most recent funds dedicated to clean and renewable energy .
Ridgewood Capital , a $ 2.6 billion energy - focused private - equity firm with offices in Montvale , also has a dedicated renewable - energy subsidiary .
" We raised most of our money in the worst climate to invest in private equity that I have seen , from the spring of 2008 to the fall of 2009 , " said Neil Auerbach , a managing partner at Hudson Clean Energy Partners , which he founded in 2007 after leaving Goldman Sachs , where he was a partner .
In addition to private - equity funds , billions have been dedicated to growing a global green economy by Jersey - based money managers and energy companies including Prudential Financial and Public Service Enterprise Group in Newark ; Lord Abbett in Jersey City ; Siemens Financial in Iselin and NRG Energy in Princeton .
Returns on these investments are still highly uncertain , judging from the erratic results clean - energy equities have had .
The Cleantech Index , the first stock index for the market , outperformed the S&P 500 Index by 4 percent in 2007 ; underperformed it by 39 percent in 2008 and outperformed it by 27 percent in 2009 .
" Clean energy is still an ‘ infant industry , ’ so its outlook is heavily influenced by external factors , primarily public policy and the state of the general economy , " said Smita Brunnermeier , a lecturer on economics and public affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton .
" The bottom line is that it is costly , or at least not more profitable than other investments , " Brunnermeier said .
FINDING A WINNER
Despite the appeal of doing good for the environment and society , making money is the first priority for clean - energy financial firms .
" Our investors expect a 30 percent annual rate of return , and it is our commitment not to disappoint them , " said John Cavalier , co-managing partner at Hudson Partners .
" We do not take technology risks — we are late - stage investors , " he said in a joint interview with his Neil Auerbach .
The fund has six portfolio company investments : one in a Swiss company that makes so - called smart meters for monitoring electric usage , and the rest in wind and solar - related businesses .
" We do not view ourselves as simply financial investors .
We have to have influence over management , " Cavalier said .
" The focus of the companies in our portfolio is that they deploy business models and technologies that have a permanent role in our infrastructure , " Auerbach said .
" Patience is not just a virtue .
It is essential in investing in this sector . "
Lord Abbett , with over $ 95 billion in assets under management , including an investment in a company that designs parts for wind turbines , also stresses taking a long view on clean energy investments , particularly because of their dependence on government subsidies .
" Like the dot - com proliferation in 2000 , winners will emerge and grow into much larger companies , " Arthur Weise , a senior research analyst , said during a discussion with analysts that was published last week .
" We continue to focus our efforts on discovering those winners . "
MAJOR PROJECTS
Prudential Investment Management , the asset - management business of Prudential Financial , has been a major investor in alternative sources of energy for more than 20 years , the company said .
About $ 500 million of their $ 1.4 billion in clean - energy assets is in wind energy projects in seven states — making them one of the largest institutional investors in that market .
For companies like Siemens Finance , part of a German multinational conglomerate that also manufactures clean - energy equipment , they can participate in the market by providing credit lines for projects using their equipment , like for a $ 178 million wind project in Klickitat County , Washington , last year .
Public Service Enterprise Group , the unregulated public energy firm , has $ 650 million invested in solar , wind and compressed air energy storage and wind projects .
In a presentation to investors in March , PSEG Energy Holdings said it had invested $ 100 million on solar projects in several states , including its first project , a 2 megawatt solar farm in Hackettstown .
NRG Energy , a Fortune 500 energy firm that owns power plants nationwide and a utility in Texas , has a clean energy portfolio that includes four big wind farms in Texas .
They also have the largest solar farm in California , and are farthest along of any developer on a billion dollar Mid-Atlantic offshore wind project , off the Delaware coast .
" What we look for are technologies that are clean and new , and are at the level where they can be deployed and make money , " said Steve Corneli , NRG Energy ’s senior vice president of market and climate policy .
So far in 2010 , the pace of clean energy investment has been strong , said Jason Rissanen , an audit partner for Deloitte in San Jose .
" I think at the end of the day , the social responsibility mandate is important , but businesses will do what is best for the bottom line , and they are seeing that clean tech is more efficient and drives costs down , " said Rissanen .
" We are seeing that clean tech choices are being made because they make good business sense . "
Abby Gruen : ( 973 ) 392-5905 or agruen@starledger.com .
Update 7-10-2010 : The European Space Agency 's Rosetta spacecraft completed a close flyby of the asteroid Lutetia on Saturday , July 10 .
The estimated time of the flyby was 12:10 p.m. Eastern Time .
PASADENA , Calif . -
On its way to a 2014 rendezvous with comet 67P / Churyumov -Gerasimenko , the European Space Agency 's Rosetta spacecraft , with NASA instruments aboard , will fly past asteroid Lutetia this Saturday , July 10 .
The instruments aboard Rosetta will record the first close - up image of a metal asteroid .
They will also make measurements to help scientists derive the mass of the object , understand the properties of the asteroid 's surface crust , record the solar wind in the vicinity and look for evidence of an atmosphere .
The spacecraft will pass the asteroid at a minimum distance of 3,160 kilometers ( 1,950 miles ) and at a velocity of 15 kilometers ( 9 miles ) per second .
" Little is known about asteroid Lutetia other than it is about 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) wide , " said Claudia Alexander , project scientist for the U.S. role in the Rosetta mission , from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" Allowing Rosetta 's suite of science instruments to focus on this target of opportunity should greatly expand our knowledge of this huge space rock , while at the same time giving the mission 's science instruments a real out - of - this - world workout . "
Previous images of Lutetia were taken by ground - based telescopes and show only hints of the asteroid 's shape .
Lutetia will be the second asteroid to receive the full attention of Rosetta and its instruments .
The spacecraft previously flew within 800 kilometers ( 500 miles ) of asteroid Steins in September of 2008 .
The Lutetia flyby is the final scientific milestone for Rosetta before controllers put the spacecraft into hibernation early in 2011 , only to wake up in early 2014 for approach to comet 67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko .
NASA has contributed an ultraviolet instrument ( Alice ) ; a plasma instrument ( the Ion and Electron Sensor ) ; a microwave instrument ( Microwave Instrument for the Rosetta Orbiter ) ; and portions of the electronics package for the double focusing mass spectrometer of the Rosetta orbiter sensor for ion and neutral analysis ( ROSINA ) , among other contributions to this international mission .
NASA 's Deep Space Network , managed by JPL , will be providing support for tracking and science operations .
One hundred and fifteen elementary school students will be at JPL during the flyby .
The students will view close - up images of Lutetia , talk to the U.S. Rosetta project manager and participate in educational activities .
The U.S. Rosetta project leaders hope to use this event as a kickoff of more coordinated activities with selected schools around the United States .
JPL manages NASA 's participation in the Rosetta mission .
Learn more about NASA 's contribution to Rosetta at : http://rosetta.jpl.nasa.gov .
Cincinnati , OH , July 22 , 2010 -- Child abuse is a serious problem that affects nearly one million children a year in the United States alone .
The American Academy of Pediatrics and the US Department of Health and Human Services classify child abuse into four categories including neglect , physical abuse , sexual abuse , and emotional abuse .
None of these categories , however , clearly includes the abusive use of drugs on children .
A study soon to be published in the Journal of Pediatrics investigates the malicious use of pharmaceuticals and attempts to shed light on this under - recognized problem .
Dr. Shan Yin from the University of Colorado and the Rocky Mountain Poison Drug Center at Denver Health reviewed cases of pharmaceutical abuse reported to the National Poison Data System between 2000 and 2008 .
Dr. Yin included reports of the malicious use of alcohol , painkillers , cough and cold medicines , sedatives and sleeping pills , and antipsychotic medicines .
Of the more than 1400 cases studied , nearly 14 % resulted in moderate to major consequences , including death .
Nearly one - half of the abused children were exposed to at least one sedative .
An average of 160 cases , including two deaths , was reported each year .
Motives and legal findings were unavailable for these particular cases ; however , motives for the abusive use of drugs generally are varied , and can include punishment , amusement , or a wish for a break from childcare responsibilities .
This study illustrates the seriousness of the abusive use of drugs administered to children .
According to Dr. Yin , " The malicious administration of pharmaceuticals should be considered an important form of child abuse . "
He encourages pediatricians and emergency medical personnel to be on the watch for this form of maltreatment , and suggests the use of comprehensive drug screening during the evaluation of a child suspected to be the victim of abuse .
Dr. Yin also cautions parents that the " non-therapeutic administration of pharmaceuticals to children can result in serious outcomes , including death . "
###
The study , reported in " Malicious Use of Pharmaceuticals in Children " by Shan Yin , MD , MPH , appears in the Journal of Pediatrics , DOI 10.1016/jpeds.2010.05.040 , published by Elsevier .
" President George H.W. Bush did speed golf , " says Politico 's Carol E. Lee .
Well , " President Barack Obama does speed vacationing . "
Obama and his family took a whirlwind 48 - hour vacation to Bar Harbor , ME , last weekend , packing dozens of tourist stops in their two days outside of Washington .
( Watch the Obamas race through Maine . )
Here 's a brief look at what the Obamas managed to do , and how the 44th president 's vacationing habits compare with his predecessors ' :
What was on the president 's itinerary ?
Upon landing Friday afternoon , the First Family took a bike ride in Acadia National Forest ( 90 minutes ) , hiked Cadillac Mountain ( 39 minutes ) , stopped for ice cream ( 11 minutes ) , visited the Bass Harbor Head Lighthouse ( 10 minutes ) , took in a boat ride and lobster dinner ( two hours ) , skipped rocks and played with the dog ( one hour ) , and played tennis and swam ( two hours ) .
Later , the president and first lady had a date night ( 90 minutes ) .
Saturday ticked along at a similar pace , with five activities in 11 hours .
Why so many activities ?
" He does n't get a lot of time outside of Washington with his family , so he enjoys taking in as much as he can on these brief trips , " explained White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton .
The logistics of presidential trips also make shorter stops friendlier for locals and fellow tourists , who are often inconvenienced by the president 's motorcade .
How many presidential vacations have the Obamas taken ?
The whole family visited Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon last summer , Martha 's Vineyard in late August , Hawaii at Christmas , and Chicago over Memorial Day .
In all , Obama has spent all or part of 65 days on vacation , including at Camp David , according to CBS News ' Mark Knoller .
George W. Bush had spent 120 days on vacation at the same point in his presidency .
How have other recent presidents vacationed ?
Bush spent much of his time outside Washington at his Texas ranch .
Ronald Reagan similarly had a ranch in California , while George H.W. Bush largely vacationed in Kennebunkport , ME .
Richard Nixon owned a house in Florida , and John F. Kennedy had the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port , MA .
Like Bill Clinton ( who frequented Martha 's Vineyard ) , Obama does not own a summer home .
Was it a working vacation ?
Undoubtedly .
" We in the press corps who traveled with him did n't see any official activity , " says the Chicago Tribune 's Mike Memoli .
But " the president never stops being president . "
Still , unlike almost every other vacation the Obama family has taken , this one was uninterrupted by a notable death ( Sen. Ted Kennedy , on their Martha 's Vineyard trip ) , national security incident ( Christmas Day underwear bomber , on their Hawaii vacation ) , or disaster ( BP spill , ongoing during their Chicago weekend ) .
So should presidents even bother taking vacation ?
Conservatives have criticized Obama for taking some time off , just as liberals made sport of Bush for his long trips to Crawford , TX , says Reihan Salam in The Daily Beast , and they were equally wrong .
Being president is perhaps the most stressful job in the world , with some of the most unrealistic expectations placed on it , and " just as we do n't want codeine - sipping insomniacs operating heavy machinery , we have very good reason to want President Obama to take a restorative weekend off . "
Sources : Politico , Chicago Tribune , Daily Beast , AP
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner arrives to testify about the U.S. economic policy towards China during a hearing of the Senate Finance Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington June 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Molly Skipper
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China should cut its holdings of U.S. Treasury securities when market demand is strong , a prominent economist said in remarks published on Monday .
Beijing reduced its Treasury holdings in May by $ 32.5 billion to $ 867.7 billion , but it actually bought a net $ 3 billion in long - term Treasuries and remained the largest single holder of U.S. government debt , the Treasury reported on Friday .
Yu Yongding , a former academic adviser to the central bank and now a professor with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , said Beijing should invest in assets denominated in other currencies as well as other financial instruments and real goods .
“ Although assets in other currencies and forms are not an ideal replacement for U.S. Treasury bonds , diversification should be a basic principle , ” Yu wrote in the China Securities Journal .
“ When demand for U.S. Treasury securities is strong , it ’s a rare opportunity for us to gradually pull back .
That way , it will not have a big impact on prices and China will not suffer too much , ” he said .
Zhang Monan , a researcher with the State Information Center , a think tank under the powerful National Development and Reform Commission , told the paper that China should invest more of its $ 2.5 trillion of foreign exchange reserves , the world ’s largest stockpile , in hard assets such as gold .
Composers are notorious for their antisocial streak , and musicians are notorious for their lazy streak " ¦ so why not skip the turtlenecks , rehearsals , per diems , unions , living out of a van , all the drug problems -- and let the Toasters deal with it ?
Here are ten videos that just might answer the question .
League of Electronic Musical Urban Robots ( LEMUR ) , founded by Eric Singer , have built a four - necked self - playing instrument called Guitar Bot .
In this video , it performs The Emergency Bot TV Theme .
Just when you thought Jazz was safe from the robot invasion , guitarist Pat Metheny has built an entire orchestra called The Orchestrion .
In 2009 , Dr. Zoltan Ã˜belisk recorded the first - ever man vs. machine drum battle .
In this video , his Drumkit From Hell programming duels against drum virtuoso , Marco Minnemann .
In the late ' 80s , Frank Zappa ( the man who asked , " Does humor belong in music ? " ) outsmarted us all , quit playing with humans altogether , and retreated to his basement with a half - million - dollar contraption called The Synclavier .
In this interview , he explains why .
Captured !
By Robots is a band from San Francisco , led by a human inventor named JBOT , who was " ¦ well , the name says it all .
Here , they perform Do n't Stop Believin ' by Journey .
And who says robots can't surf ?
Look out , Dick Dale " ¦
The Mighty Wurlitzer is a theater organ originally designed to accompany silent movies .
The multiple keyboards trigger real percussion , woodwinds , brass " ¦ an entire self - contained orchestra .
But here 's the best part " ¦ it can also be programmed via standard midi .
Do n't tell Danny Elfman .
Toyota has taught their own robots to play violin " ¦
And on occasion , a mean baritone horn solo .
Animusic , a company founded by Wayne Lytle , does n't only make fake music , but fake robots to go along with it .
In this video , a Yamaha Piano plays along with an animated band .
Do n't let Lieutenant Commander Data fool you .
At this rate , we know which superior beings will figure out how to whistle long before the 24th century .
It ca n't be that hard , right ?
Carl King lives in Los Angeles and has never owned a car .
His upcoming book on creative careers will be published by MWP in 2011 .
You can read about his latest existential crisis over at carlkingcreative.com .
This is part 8 , essentially a wrapup see all other parts 1 - 7 here : http://kenskingdom.wordpress.com/
Guest post by Ken Stewart , July 2010
“ … getting seriously fed up with the state of the Australian data . ”
( Harry the mystery programmer , in the HARRY_READ_ME file released with the Climategate files . )
He ’s not the only one .
In a commendable effort to improve the state of the data , the Australian Bureau of Meteorology ( BOM ) has created the Australian High - Quality Climate Site Network .
However , the effect of doing so has been to introduce into the temperature record a warming bias of 41.67 % .
And their climate analyses on which this is based appear to increase this even further to around 66.67 % .
This post is the summation of what I believe is the first ever independent check on the official climate record of Australia .
It is also the first ever independent check on the official record of an entire continent .
I will try to keep it simple .
Here is the official version of “ the climate trends and variations in the Australian instrumental record ” published for the Australian public , the government , and all the world at http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/change/aus_cvac.shtml
Trend Map , 1910 - 2009 :
Time Series Graph using their handy trend tool :
0.1 degree C per decade , or 1 degree per100 years .
In the BOM website appears this explanation :
The temperature timeseries are calculated from homogeneous or “ high - quality ” temperature datasets developed for monitoring long - term temperature trends and variability ……..
Where possible , each station record in these datasets has been corrected for data “ jumps ” or artificial discontinuities caused by changes in observation site location , exposure , instrumentation or observation procedure .
This involves identifying and correcting data problems using statistical techniques , visual checks and station history information or “ metadata ” .
and
“ High - quality ” Australian climate datasets have been developed in which homogeneity problems have been reduced or even eliminated .
I have given a very brief summary of this process in http://kenskingdom.wordpress.com/2010/05/12/the-australian-temperature-record-part-1-queensland/
( I should point out that this method was changed somewhat by Della - Marta et al ( 2004 ) who also used a distance weighting method as well and included some urban stations and stations with much shorter records . )
Torok and Nicholls ( 1996 ) , authors of the first ( published ) homogenization , rightly state that
“ A high - quality , long - term surface air temperature dataset is essential for the reliable investigation of climate change and variability . ”
Here is the map showing the 100 currently used High Quality stations that supposedly meet this requirement :
Before my first post , I asked BOM to explain some of the odd things I had noticed in the Queensland data .
Amongst others , this statement by Dr David Jones , Head of Climate Monitoring and Prediction , National Climate Centre , Bureau of Meteorology , in an email dated 25 April 2010 , caught my eye :
“ On the issue of adjustments you find that these have a near zero impact on the all Australian temperature because these tend to be equally positive and negative across the network ( as would be expected given they are adjustments for random station changes ) . ”
This statement has been the yardstick for this study .
Not having access to the list of stations , the metadata , the software used , or the expertise of BOM , the average citizen would normally accept the published results as they stand .
However I wanted to have a closer look .
Surely the results of any adjustments should be easy to compare with the previous record .
I downloaded annual mean maxima and minima for each of the sites from BOM Climate Data Online , calculated annual means and plotted these .
Frequently , two or three stations ( some closed ) were needed for the entire record from 1910 - 2009 , and even then there sometimes were gaps in the record - e.g. from 1957 to 1964 many stations ’ data has not been digitised .
( But 8 years of missing data is nothing - many stations have many years of estimated data “ filled in ” to create the High Quality series ) .
I also downloaded the annual means from the High Quality page , and plotted them .
I then added a linear trend for each .
I have exhaustively rechecked data and calculations in all 100 sites before compiling this summation .
I have decided to amend only one , Bowen , by creating a splice by reducing early data and omitting some data , so that the trend matches that of HQ .
This is on the basis of no overlap at all , but makes the plot lines roughly meet .
Unsatisfactory , and Bowen should be excluded .
The net effect on the Queensland and Australian trends is negligible ( 0.01 C ) .
Let ’s look at Dr Jones ’ assertion for the whole of Australia .
“ … a near zero impact on the all Australian temperature … ”
WRONG .
We can look at the record in a number of ways - here is the graph of the average raw and adjusted temperatures for all 100 stations .
The discrepancy is obvious .
That ’s 0.6 degrees C / 100 years for the raw data .
The adjusted trend is 0.85 .
Before anyone complains that anomalies give you a more accurate picture of trends across a large region , I also calculated anomalies from the 1961 - 1990 mean for the all Australian means ( 0.6 raw to 0.85 HQ increase )
and for all 100 stations ( slightly different result ) : ( 0.6 raw to 0.9 - 50 % )
But the figure BOM publishes is 1.0C - that ’s a two - thirds increase !
We can also look at the average adjustment for each station : + 0.23 degrees Celsius .
( The table of all 100 stations is too large to include ) .
Or we can find the median adjustment (+ 0.275 C ) , and the range of adjustments :
So much for “ these tend to be equally positive and negative across the network ” .
We can also look at the “ quality ” of the High Quality stations .
Urban vs Non-urban :
“ Please note : Stations classified as urban are excluded from the Australian annual temperature timeseries and trend map analyses .
Urban stations have some urban influence during part or all of their record . ” ( http://www.bom.gov.au/cgi-bin/climate/hqsites/site_networks.cgi?variable=meanT&period=annual&state=aus)
In Part 1 I showed how 3 Queensland sites listed as urban by Torok and Nicholls ( 1996 ) are now non-urban .
Della - Marta et al resurrected a number of others in other states .
The full list is : Cairns AMO , Rockhampton AMO , Gladstone MO , Port Hedland AMO , Roebourne , Geraldton AMO , Albany AMO , Alice Springs AMO , Strathalbyn , Mount Gambier AMO , Richmond AMO , Mildura AMO , East Sale AMO , Cashmore Airport , Launceston Airport .
15 % of the network is comprised of sites that BOM is at pains to assure us are not used to create the climate record .
Long records :
“ … the number of stations is much smaller if only stations currently operating and with at least 80 years of data are considered .
To increase the number of long - term stations available , previously unused data were digitised and a number of stations were combined to create composite records … all stations in the dataset ( were ) open by 1915 . ” ( Torok and Nicholls )
Torok wanted 80 years of data : Della - Marta et al and BOM have settled for much less .
There are six stations with no data before 1930 ( 80 years ago ) , but BOM has included these .
Some are truly dreadful : Woomera - 1950 ; Giles - 1957 ; Newman - 1966 .
As well , many of the sites have large slabs of data missing , with the HQ record showing “ estimates ” to fill in the missing years .
Here is a graph of the number of stations with data available for each year .
Note that only 70 % of raw data is available for 1910 ; 90 % by 1930 ; another drop from 1945 to 1960 ; and the huge drop off in HQ data this decade !
Data comparison :
“ Generally , comparison observations for longer than five years were found to provide excellent comparison statistics between the old and new sites ……
Comparisons longer than two years , and sometimes between one and two years , were also found to be useful if complete and of good quality …
Poor quality comparisons lasting less than two years were generally found to be of limited use . ” ( Della - Marta et al , 2004 )
Would n’t “ excellent comparison statistics ” be essential for such an important purpose ?
Apparently not .
There are many sites with less than five years of overlapping data from nearby stations ( up to 20 km apart ) .
A number of sites have no overlap at all .
This results in enormous gaps in the temperature record .
Here is the map of the High Quality network , with sites deleted if they are ( a ) listed as urban in 1996 ( b ) sites with less than 80 years of observations ( c ) sites with less than 5 years of comparative data overlap - or sometimes all of the above !
The sites left are concentrated in Eastern and South - Western Australia , with an enormous gap in the centre .
Check the ( admittedly very aprroximate ) scale .
And finally …
Claims made in the State of the Climate report produced by BOM and CSIRO in March 2010 .
Since 1960 the mean temperature in Australia has increased by about 0.7 °C .
The long term trend in temperature is clear …
TRUE .
But the raw data shows the mean temperature since 1910 has increased only 0.6 C .
Australian average temperatures are projected to rise by 0.6 to 1.5 ºC by 2030 .
REALLY ?
That would require between 5 and 12 times the rate of warming seen in the raw temperature record , or between 3 and 7.5 times that shown by BOM ’s published figures .
Much of Australia will be drier in coming decades
MAYBE NOT .
See http://kenskingdom.wordpress.com/2010/03/20/political-science-101/
Our observations clearly demonstrate that climate change is real .
TRUE - that ’s what climate does .
CSIRO and the Bureau of Meteorology will continue to provide observations and research so that Australia ’s responses are underpinned by science of the highest quality .
“ Highest quality ” ?
REALLY ?
Conclusion
This study shows a number of problems with the Australian High Quality Temperature Sites network , on which the official temperature analyses are based .
Problems with the High Quality data include :
It has been subjectively and manually adjusted .
The methodology used is not uniformly followed , or else is not as described .
Urban sites , sites with poor comparative data , and sites with short records have been included .
Large quantities of data are not available , and have been filled in with estimates .
The adjustments are not equally positive and negative , and have produced a major impact on the Australian temperature record .
The adjustments produce a trend in mean temperatures that is roughly a quarter of a degree Celsius greater than the raw data does .
The warming bias in the temperature trend is 41.67 % , and in the anomaly trend is 50 % .
The trend published by BOM is 66.67 % greater than that of the raw data .
The High Quality data does NOT give an accurate record of Australian temperatures over the last 100 years .
BOM has produced a climate record that can only be described as a guess .
The best we can say about Australian temperature trends over the last 100 years is “ Temperatures have gone down and up where we have good enough records , but we do n’t know enough . ”
If Anthropogenic Global Warming is so certain , why the need to exaggerate ?
It is most urgent and important that we have a full scientific investigation , completely independent of BOM , CSIRO , or the Department of Climate Change , into the official climate record of Australia .
I will ask Dr Jones for his response .
( Thanks to Lance for assistance with downloading data , and janama for his NSW work .
Also Jo Nova for her encouragement . )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Well , that 's it .
No more unemployment extensions .
No more COBRA subsidies .
And the Republicans are entirely to blame .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said Thursday that Democrats are giving up on trying to break a Republican filibuster of a bill to reauthorize several expired domestic aid programs , including extended unemployment benefits .
The Republicans like Rand Paul think you should just go out and get a job .
Just get one .
Out there .
Somewhere .
This detail should make everyone lose their shpadoinkle :
Reid and Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , in an effort to mollify a handful of conservative Democrats and moderate Republicans , have spent the past several weeks trimming the bill to reduce its deficit impact .
But after jettisoning several provisions to help the old , the poor and the jobless , reducing the bill 's ten - year deficit impact down from $ 134 billion to just $ 33 billion , the bill is still sinking .
Not a single Republican is willing to lend support and Nebraska Democrat Ben Nelson is still holding out , leaving Democrats two votes short of the 60 needed to overcome the GOP filibuster .
$ 33 billion .
Do you remember the dollar amount of the annual subsidy paid to Big Oil ? $ 38 billion .
That 's right , the Republicans voted to continue paying corporate welfare to companies like BP , but they filibustered a bill of nearly equal dollar value paid to unemployed Americans .
The Republicans . $ 38 billion to oil companies ?
YES !
$ 33 billion to unemployed Americans ?
NO !
A panel for Infamous just let out at San Diego Comic - Con , but the real news came before the show even started .
Sucker Punch is changing Cole 's look in Infamous 2 so that the protagonist looks more like he did in the original game .
A few weeks ago , the developer released the first screens and videos for Infamous 2
While the game is still in development and will continue to change , I was handed a manila envelope this afternoon that contained two images of Cole 's new - new look .
Due to the stage in development , I can't tell you exactly what he looks like , but I can tell you he looks more like the person we played as in the original Infamous and less like the man who was in all of those E3 screens and videos .
Take a gander at the new cutscenes .
Look for more information on Infamous 2 soon .
Everyone says the ' Washington Post ' series on the National Security State is great journalism .
It ’s not .
In late July the Washington Post published an ambitious report on U.S. national security intelligence that we are told had taken the Post ’s staff two years to complete .
The project was led by two competent and experienced reporters , Dana Priest and William Arkin , and the report has received an enthusiastic press .
Having written about national security intelligence in books like Countering Terrorism : Blurred Focus , Halting Steps ( 2007 ) , I was looking forward to reading the Post ’s report .
The report is , in fact , a disappointment .
It is descriptive rather than analytic , and the description is based entirely on two types of data , neither of which contributes to an understanding of the nature and problems of the nation ’s intelligence system .
The two types are statistics indicating the size and organizational complexity of national security intelligence , and expressions of exasperation at that size and complexity by former or current insiders .
The statistics are not broken down by each of the principal domains of national security intelligence , and so the reader is given no sense of the actual structure of the intelligence system .
Five aspects need to be distinguished .
The first is routine military intelligence — military intelligence unrelated to ongoing combat .
The military has to keep tabs on the capabilities , deployments , intentions , and so forth of the armed forces of foreign countries even when it is not fighting them .
Second , there is combat intelligence , which at present is focused on Afghanistan but extends to other areas as well , such as Iraq , Yemen , and the Philippines .
This second area of military intelligence overlaps the third and fourth domains of national security intelligence — counterterrorist intelligence conducted abroad and at home , the latter complicated by sensitivities to potential violations of privacy and civil liberties .
Last , and overlapping all the others , is the traditional kind of foreign intelligence conducted by the CIA , which includes wide - ranging intelligence analysis , recruitment of foreign agents , counterintelligence , and paramilitary operations in support of U.S. foreign policy .
Merely counting the number of people , parking spaces , square feet of building space , and other countables lovingly recited in the Post ‘s report conveys no useful information and will impress only naïve readers who have somehow failed to realize that the U.S. government and its major components are huge .
The report conveys the impression of mindless growth in intelligence personnel , contractors , and facilities since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
But that was a watershed event that justified expanding the intelligence system .
Before the attacks there was little concern with terrorism , and after there was and there continues to be acute concern , along with virtually continuous warfare in central Asia and enhanced concern with the nuclear threats posed by North Korea and Iran .
The report , because it makes no effort at meaningful disaggregation of the statistics of expansion , does not indicate how much of the recent growth in our intelligence facilities and personnel is legitimately responsive to threats to national security that have emerged ( or first been recognized ) since 9/11 and how much is waste engendered by political , commercial , and bureaucratic exploitation of people ’s fears .
Several of the “ wow ” statistics highlighted in the report are completely meaningless .
One is the number of persons — more than 850,000 — who have top - secret clearances .
A top -secret clearance is required for all sorts of activities that have nothing to do with intelligence , such as advanced weapons research , high - level military command , and the management of the nation ’s nuclear arsenal .
( A cafeteria worker in a weapons factory might require such a clearance . )
It is well known that overclassification is rampant , and so the number of top - secret clearances may well be excessive .
But the figure casts no light on overclassification of intelligence .
Build Fantasy & Game Maps Fast !
Custom Application Makes It Easy
[ Now Available : Worldographer !
Essentially Hexographer 2 , Worldographer does nearly everything Hexographer does , plus : true child maps with a map view level functionality ; another , more realistic graphic set ; more & better generation algorithms ; generates cultures , religions , and nations for the world , which are fully editable , has a new graphics engine ; and more . ]
Hexographer was built from the ground up to let you make maps in a few specific styles quickly .
By eliminating a large number of cumbersome options general image editors & computer - aided - design ( CAD ) programs use , Hexographer lets you make a map in a tenth of the time it takes just to learn another tool .
And please check out the sister applications Dungeonographer ( for dungeon and building interior maps ) and Cityographer ( for city maps , including auto - populating the buildings with residents , price lists , and more ) !
Old Spice has managed to bring commercials from a TV necessity to something we all look forward to .
The Old Spice advertising department has not only successfully reinvented their image for a younger generation , but left you with a smile on your face after a TV spot .
Old Spice commercials are some of the most hallucinatory trips on television , and they 're also genuinely funny .
I mean who watches commercials for fun ?
Well , now , WE do .
Old Spice , we salute you , and in turn have compiled the 42 greatest ads for helping us smell better .
Also , why 42 ?
Because we 're nerds .
It 's almost apparent that wearing Old Spice should be an additional guideline to the commandments of man law .
What are the best Old Spice commercials ?
We 've combed through Old Spice commercials on YouTube and believe that these 42 represent the finest in Old Spice advertising .
Sit back , relax and enjoy these commercials .
Image caption Women have the right to go against medical opinion
The right of women to choose whether they have home births is being questioned by a top medical journal .
The Lancet said mothers - to - be should not be able to opt for them if they put their babies at risk - under UK law women can override medical advice .
It comes after research suggested home births were more risky than hospital delivery .
But doctors said it was rare for women to ignore their wishes in high - risk , complicated cases .
The editorial was written following the publication of a study in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology .
The review of 500,000 births across the world found the death rate for home births at 0.2 % was twice as high as in hospitals .
High - risk pregnancies
In the UK , a total of 3 % of births take place at home - three times more than in the US but far fewer than in the Netherlands , where home births make up a third of the total .
Comments like these are concerning to read Mary Newburn , National Childbirth Trust
The relevance of the US study to the UK was questioned by medical bodies as midwives in the NHS are said to have better training in resuscitating babies in home birth situations .
The Lancet said : " Women have the right to chose how and where to give birth , but they do not have the right to put their baby at risk . "
The journal went on to say that in high - risk , complicated pregnancies hospital delivery should be favoured .
This chimes with guidance in the UK , but women still have the right to insist on giving birth where they want to as court cases have established the baby only gets equal rights to the mother after birth .
Pat O'Brien , of the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecologists , said : " It is very rare for women to choose to put their babies at risk , if anything it is the opposite and they will often put themselves at risk for their baby .
" But we would always support women in whatever they decide . "
Mary Newburn , of the National Childbirth Trust , said : " Comments like these are concerning to read .
All adults with the mental capacity to make decisions have the right to decide which treatment options they accept or decline .
" Pregnant women have the same rights as other adults . "
Saturday , February 4 , 2006
German BMW Banned From Google
BMW.de as seen from Google :
PageRank zero and a “ sorry ” page .
From what it looks like , the German websites of car maker BMW have been kicked out of the Google index .
BMW.de at this time has a PageRank of 0 .
A search for BMW Germany , which only days ago yielded BMW . de as a top result , now does n’t show any sign of BMW . de at all .
Instead , BMW.com – BMW ’s international site – is on top for this search .
The reason for the ban is likely to be that the BMW websites have been caught employing a technique used by black - hat search engine optimizers : doorway pages .
German and international bloggers last week were quick to spread the news .
As you may know , a doorway page is stuffed full of keywords that the site feels a need to be optimized for ; however , as opposed to real pages , this doorway is only displayed to the Googlebot .
Human visitors will be immediately redirected to another page upon visit .
And that ’s exactly what happened at BMW.de , as reported Wednesday .
While BMW almost immediately removed the pages after the news broke ( after having them live for almost 2 years ) , apparently it was too late .
German BMW are now suffering what is known as the “ Google death penalty ” : a ban from almost any imaginable top search result , and a degrading of the PageRank to the lowest possible value .
Consequently , a search for gebrauchtwagen bmw , which had a page at BMW .
de as top result on Wednesday last week , now shows AutoScout 24.de as top result .
( Interestingly enough , the second result at this moment is the report on this blog . )
A search for BMW . de using Google ’s site operator does n’t yield any results , either .
( Note that sometimes , different Google data centers return different results , so this change may not yet be visible on all of Google . )
How many pages exactly are affected by this is hard to tell , but a search on Yahoo for BMW .
de returns 41,500 pages – including cached copies of many of the keyword - stuffed doorway pages , like bmw.de/bmw-kauf.html , which now return a “ file not found ” message .
Most of the pages can still be accessed from Yahoo ’s cache , while others – like a doorway page stuffed with the phrase “ BMW review ” – are missing from Yahoo ’s cache , but can still be accessed at Archive.org if you disable JavaScript .
This penalty is a good example of what can happen to sites going against the Google webmaster guidelines – no matter how big or important one might deem the site .
Google writes :
“ If an SEO creates deceptive or misleading content on your behalf , such as doorway pages or ’ throwaway ’ domains , your site could be removed entirely from Google ’s index . ”
In a nut - shell , Google ’s guidelines go back to a single philosophy : webmasters should optimize for humans , not machines , because Google does n’t like to be cheated .
The irony here is that BMW .
de is a highly inaccessible site right from the front - page : a JavaScript - only navigation prevents access by certain browsers , browser settings or media ( such as handheld browsers ) , and it also prevents search bots from effectively crawling the site .
It might well be that BMW ’s doorway pages were a reaction to the otherwise inaccessible site structure ; needless to say , the worst possible reaction .
As Mario Sixtus put it in the German Handelsblatt blog on Wednesday :
“ Such usage of SEO practices – otherwise known from porn or casino sites – are likely to add another chapter to that best - selling book , ’ The project manager ’s guide to covering up smaller errors with even bigger ones . ’ ”
[ Thanks Siggi Becker , Fridaynite , Thomas Bindl . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
